  i am mostly referring to his last comment , though . 
  europe ca n't take over responsibility for africa or take all its people . 
  in croatia every now a new far-right party launches/splits from another due to ` inherently incompatible ' views . 
  it 's hillarious since that way they keep splitting the far-right vote which makes it impossible for them to meet the minimum for becoming part of the parliament . 
  i also think this is result of the very recent resurgence of far-right/anti-muslim sentinment , even though , incidents can always happen considering the history of the area regarding the ottoman empire , which was everything but nice . 
  from what i read on my sources he attacked a woman there , and all participants were under influence of alcohol . 
  him being black probably did n't help either . 
  i know croatia and slovenia will be there , and i assume all other ones will be as well . 
  glad to hear industrialists agreeing how defending eu integrity is the most important thing about this whole proces . 
   q : why is that ? 
  it is difficult to understand why 38 million poles feel threatened by some 7,000 muslim refugees . 
  a : in my opinion , it is also a fault of the european policy because , as we know , not all of those who come to europe are refugees . 
  i have been visiting camps in libya since 2005 . 
  even then , a great number of people from the black africa migrated to europe and the majority were not refugees but migrants . 
  it is absolutely necessary that there is a european programme to accept the refugees , those who deserve to be called refuges . 
  but , there is also no other solution for europe except to stop the influx of migrants from africa . 
  it is a mistake to show the misery of those coming from africa who claim they are refugees . 
  europe can not receive all the poverty of the planet . 
  well said . 
  race is part of their ideology and as such politicised . 
  it 's really not possible for such cases to never happen . 
  it 's comparable to left-wing extremists , most notably during the communist revolution , assaulting , robbing and killing wealthy class-members . 
  if you see certain groups as enemies , tnat 's what happens , it 's just that wealthy people are a protected caste so in reality they rarely suffer . 
  i do n't understand what you are exactly refering to . 
  like beating someone up due to race or queer fashion ? 
  that is a possibility . 
  however i doubt they beat someone up just for looking ugly if that is what you mean . 
  if they do , i do n't think it is due to their ideology . 
  i know what he is saying . 
  he is saying that left-wing extremism is better because he is left-wing . 
  what if the population of a nuts-2 region drops to 0 ? 
  i guess the turn was on germany , and as such a smaller place may have been a more rational option to avoid just the costs that happened . 
  g7 has for quite a while been organised in smaller places now due to safety reason ( it 's easier to close down a smaller place than a large urban area ) . 
  too much attention is given to that initiative but it is n't at all like presented by some . 
  it really is just largely about establishing more connections within the north-south axis in east eu , most notably in areas such as transport and energetics . 
  as such it is really only adding to the eu . 
  the initiative is n't set up as a bloc within the eu to challange the ` old establishment ' in the rest of the continent and act as an american adversary . 
  at least that 's how i perceive it . 
   i do struggle to understand how anyone can feel the far-left is more dangerous to a regular person lets be honest . 
  a right-wing person will most of the time solidarise with far-right extremist just as a left-wing person will most of the time solidarise with a left-wing extremist . 
  i as a right-wing person do not condone any crimes done by right-wing extremists , and think they cause harm to all of us , however , i can never view them in the same context as left-wing extremists . 
  so , the reason why you think like that is because you are probably a left-wing person , right ? 
  not really . 
  most liberal and left-wing revolutions were violent . 
  even the early gay prides were incredibly violent . 
  i 'm a big fanboy of an austrian i ca n't name . 
  i guess that 's that from me on this subject . 
  i think it is very pretentious for germans to assault other people for being perceived as nazis . 
  considering their history they seem to be lacking a little bit of compassion and understanding . 
  would n't mind if the government were secular . 
  even though , i find brussels just as good . 
  i 'm up for it . 
  where can i sign ? 
  [ this guy ! ], 
   was this written by a 13-year old girl ? 
  i was under the impression that spiegel was a mature , respected media outlet . 
  it is internationally seen respected , it still does n't change that the msm is garbage, 
  another store : http://youtu.be/4lh7ux9imhc, 
  politics is n't as simple , especially when you have someone like trump . 
  it 's hillarious . 
  was he supposed to stand there from the beginning ? 
  is it part of some grand strategy which involves macron taking care of trump in order to persuade him to not leave the paris agreement and other issues ? 
  i do n't know the purpose of this video . 
  and i doubt these guys are serious . 
  i doubt the photo is authentic , either way . 
  that 's not him . 
  and the photo is n't authentic , either . 
  that 's not true . 
  if i assume correctly the source you drew that information from , it was him boasting he killed as many prisoners in a contest , not serbs . 
  what i find the most bizarre about them is that from the outside they do n't look like low-lifes , but their behaviour is absolutely shameful and disgusting . 
  i guess he is not too happy with merkel ( or at least where he was put to stand ) and now he is showing that . 
  all media i have seen have propaganda within them , it 's just that some also have at least some standards regarding it . 
  it is n't just russian or russian-affiliated media . 
  i personally do n't watch/read cnn , but did do so with russia insider so i know more about them . 
  russia insider is terrible propaganda . 
  like there is some acceptable propaganda in form of rt coming from russia that still has some standards , but russia insider , from what i remember , is really low-tier propaganda . 
  he is too well known . 
  is the macron craze over ? 
  seems like enthusiasm over him plummeted the past weeks . 
  there seems to be a lot of violence lately in western countries , especially by left-wing groups . 
  yes , and i watched the intro , which showed how art changed , for the worse ( in my opinion ) . 
  that 's that . 
  is this even legal there ? 
  ai n't got nobody time for that . 
  every day we stray further from god . 
  i do n't know if this is the place , but i am no big fen of angela merkel . 
  ` europe can into asia ! ', 
  really ? 
  this is already getting into partisan politics , which i thought this ` scumbags of europe ' would n't get into . 
  that 's so sad . 
  can anyone in few points explain what he did there and why ? 
  there is no point in having 2 parliaments on that relation . 
  who came up with that idea anyways ? 
  i mean if they wanted , they could have had a winter parliament somewhere in the south like sicily to not have to bear big costs for heating , but this way it non-sense . 
  it 's too late for what they want to accomplish . 
  african population is way too high with expectations to increase dramatically over the next years . 
  i do n't see the eu fixing the problems that did and will arise from that . 
  ` soros-paid protesters protesting against globalism ' according to a random online comment i read . 
  i guess ` controlled opposition ' would fit that narrative , still , i personally believe they are mostly bored youngsters which need something to fight against and blame someone for not being satisfied with what they accomplished in life . 
  is fish considered as meat ?
