  london would n't mind , they do n't even know there 's an england outside them . 
  [ harrying of the north , 1069 , never forget ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harrying_of_the_north ), 
  i think almost all of england would like a devolved parliament from london . 
  seeing as london does n't even acknowledge the north/midlands/west country as existing . 
  this map suggested that cornwall wanted to be an entirely independent country . 
  which i think it would struggle to do . 
  it 's not a very popular view is it ? 
  pretty much every area of the uk outside of london thinks that london is hogging all the power and control . 
  the rest of england has to rely on westminister for everything , despite the fact that most of the mps from there do n't even know where their constituency is . 
  so that 's probably not as many as people in the north of england who want secession from great britain . 
  yorkshire would cut itself adrift into the north sea if it could . 
  yes you do care . 
  you lie awake agonising over it . 
  geoff hurst is the german version of the bogeyman . 
  we 're on a train , under the ocean . 
  every second is like you 're laughing in nature 's face . 
  this benefits everyone in the uk . 
  the london area drown ( as foretold by the clash ) , and the rest of the uk joins together in rural brotherhood , to brew cheap cider . 
  oh no i understand that with your reply to the other guy , but when you replied to me , in my comment i acknowledged he was a clever guy . 
  cameron and bush graduated on their own merit . 
  but it 's debatable whether their merit got them in in the first place . 
  that 's kind of got nothing to do with anything . 
  besides it being anecdotal , we all know he was clever . 
  but was he that clever at 18 ? 
  there are lots of people who become clever , but did n't get a running start . 
  there are some people who luck into prestigious universities via connections , then crash and burn . 
  and there are some people who are average , then get a leg up and use it to their advantage , spending their time at university wisely . 
  we were really discussing equality and connections , more than actual intelligence , because we know that cameron and bush etc. 
  are at least clever . 
  there 's nothing really to discuss , because it 's purely hypothetical . 
  the discussion only came up because almost every single top politician in the uk was born into millionaire families , went to private schools , then were all friends at the same university . 
  and that does n't seem quite right . 
  gwb is definitely clever , but would he have still been clever enough to go to harvard , yale then the white house if his father had n't been president and he did n't come from a noteworthy and respected family ? 
  had all the high ranking tories gone to state schools , or even less prestigious private schools and come out with the same exam results , i doubt that quite as many would be where they are today . 
  they 're not stupid , and a fair few could still have become mps and councillors , but would they still be at the very top ? 
  that sounds like cameron 's paradise , he 's got even less of an excuse to never have spent any time there . 
  the guy is essence of tory in a suit, 
  he did well at uni granted . 
  ** but a gap year is before uni , he had no degree when he got jobs working for his godfather ( an mp ) and his father 's friend 's conglomerate ( was n't specifically oil ) . 
  ** i was just saying that the average person will maybe struggle to find work for the year at first ( i took one to earn money to pay for uni and it was very useful , managed to get a job before my first payment came through , so actually i never claimed a penny ) not instantly get two jobs , better than most people will have in their lives . 
  he is n't stupid . 
  but his connections helped him a lot . 
  i went to ucl after my year out ( needed the money especially living in london ) . 
  same entry grades for oxford , and ucl recently overtook oxford in the league tables , take that dave , but i was encouraged not to apply for oxford , as i went to a state school and was the first person to go to uni in my family . 
  even though i 'd won spoken english awards , prizes for my gcses and was a prefect , all my teachers warned be that oxbridge were elitist beyond academic results . 
  i 'm sorry if i 'm coming across arrogant or `` oppressed '' and resentful , i 'm not and i do n't feel that way . 
  and i know this seems anecdotal . 
  i 'm just trying to point out that even if you 're as clever as cameron is ( he is definitely clever ) connections will carry you into another league . 
  what 's your point ? 
  if he does n't want to live there , then it 's even more of a reason for him not to pretend to represent the area . 
  [ and regardless , it looks fairly alright ] ( http://www.diningpubs.co.uk/images/oxfordshire/witney03.jpg ), 
  oh this has always been the default tory position . 
  if you 're not employable , you 're not taxable ; if you 're not taxable , you 're not valuable . 
  the only difference was that this government so adamantly promised they would work for the youth in their campaign , that people were willing to overlook the old stereotype of the tories , and believe that they were trying to modernise themselves . 
  so people were happy to trust their welfare , healthcare and credit crunch woes with eton boys who got philosophy degrees from oxford , 20 % because of their brains , 20 % because they went to eton , 60 % because of father 's connections . 
  that might change in 2015 . 
  the votes were still very close last time , even though gordon brown was the political mr bean . 
  his gap year was spent working for oil companies etc. 
  in asia . 
  mine was taking jobseekers allowance , until i could get a job working in a shopping centre , so i could pay through uni . 
  i gather that mine is quite a lot more likely . 
  i also think something that epitomises his circumstances is which seat he has in parliament . 
  he grew up in berkshire as a child . 
  he lived in london as an adult . 
  he tried for a seat in staffordshire , and failed . 
  so he tried for a seat in witney and got it . 
  i 'm always wary of mps who take seats where they do n't live/have never lived , because it 's just them using their connections to elbow their way into power . 
  even worse if he had to actually `` shop around '' for somewhere that would have him . 
  he does n't care about witney , he only cares because it 's a firmly tory community , so he 'll always have his seat . 
  and then you contrast that with my local mp , who was born , educated , worked as a miner , married and never moved away from his seat , and who always brings up real people and examples from our constituency when speaking in the commons . 
  i doubt cameron 's even said the name witney in the commons . 
  even from before he was prime minister/tory leader . 
  it 's understandable the high echelons ca n't devote all their time to their own seats , but they should at least try to concern themselves with the people who give them their seat . 
  jesus we 're a couple of garden party massacres away from having an actual reptile for a monarch . 
  i think to be honest , they 're always going to be obscure in every government . 
  nobody likes the auditors , nobody likes the government . 
  so the governmental auditors are always going to be the bottom of the barrel . 
  the independent parliamentary standards authority and national audit office might fit the auditing parallel . 
  do you have a source for the previous speaker , or any sources of it being said before ? 
  it was apparently a french quote , but it was to churchill 's wife , so we can claim it, 
  the above quotation was n't from a prime minister , it was from charles de gaulle . 
  the pm said something similar, 
  you 're right , the quotation page i found said that by `` state '' he was specifically referring to france , but he was also generally meaning every country , so i was confused . 
  although , the posted quote is in french , but apparently he was speaking to clementine churchill in english . 
  still , this is almost definitely the source , rather than viscount palmerston . 
  apparently it was in english , as he was talking to churchill 's wife, 
  obviously , i have no concrete evidence , but i 'd be surprised if the german intelligence agencies are n't reading every spying revelation , and looking at each other nervously . 
  or , you could go with : `` general , you must not hate your friends more than you hate your enemies '' `` states have no friends , only interests . '', 
  - charles de gaulle to clementine churchill, 
  that was charles de gaulle `` states have no friends , only interests '' ( in that context specifically referring to france , but also the generally whole world ), 
  you could also take the eurostar from paris . 
  if you do n't know what it is , the french and british built a tunnel from london , under the sea , to paris . 
  it 's an iconic train , and it 'll take you straight between the two capitals in about 2 hours 20m . 
  its cost varies , because ts obviously used for people to commute between the cities on different days , but i had a look and a single non-return cost as little as # 50 . 
  or take the ferry to dover , which is also an iconic journey , with the white cliffs appearing in the mist . 
  there 's also a lot more outside of london in england , particularly in the north . 
  welsh goes out of its way to be an awkward language . 
  `` welsh , how is w a vowel ? '', 
  `` welsh , why is your language mediterranean ? '', 
  `` welsh , why is ll a letter , and how do you justify * that * pronounciation ?
