that 's not today though . 
  that 's in 6 months/was 6 months ago, 
  thanks !, 
  it truly is the most important thing happening today, 
  my birthday was exactly 6 months ago today/is 6 months away from today ( fourth of january ) . 
  of course i do , it 's my half birthday, 
  would the scottish , welsh , canadian or australian queen have done ? 
  as i understand , it 's pretty much just a different type of headgear . 
  the worst were the people getting angry in / r/ireland when scotland chose not to `` throw off the shackles the same way we did '' . 
  the urge to link to all the scottish regiments who fought during the troubles was very high . 
  same type of thing when americans wondered why they did n't `` leave the redcoats '' . 
  missing all the scottish redcoat regiments , and scottish commanders in the revolutionary war . 
  the scottish nhs is independent of the english nhs and the welsh nhs , and is controlled by scottish authorities . 
  the scottish nhs also offers free prescriptions while the english one does n't . 
  it 's the middle class who do all the recycling . 
  the commoners use it to make soup for their 16 children if they get too drunk to go and collect their benefits . 
  or so mr osborne told me . 
  it originally had a painting of king/st . 
  edward on it , as well as much more detailed carvings . 
  over the years its become so damaged that people do n't want to risk restoring it wrongly , and have left it as it is . 
  those are thrones surely . 
  for the queen of canada , her husband and presumably the governor general . 
  why else would it have her coat of arms on the top of it ? 
  the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and co. 
  your employer will usually let you nip off for 10 minutes . 
  otherwise there 's lunchtime/breaks, 
  traditionally uk elections have always been on a thursday . 
  i think it 's because friday was payday , and people would be drinking/relaxing on the weekend so there was n't enough of a turn out . 
  makes more sense to have it on a workday . 
  people do things they enjoy at the weekend , and do n't want to waste their free time . 
  much easier to get employers to let people out for 10 minutes each spread across the 15 hours , or on their way to and from work . 
  this has n't even made a scratch in the amount of lenin statues they have . 
  ukraine apparently had 1484 monuments to him ( the second highest amount after russia 's 4377 ) . 
  they 've pulled down less than a hundred . 
  fill the statue with a breeding population of wasps/food source . 
  have fun smashing that open, 
  statue of cromwell outside parliament , because brutal and barbaric as he was ; he 's an anti monarchy symbol ; which is appropriate to `` guard '' the doors of parliament . 
  there 's constant lobbying to have it removed , and about half the mps want it gone . 
  the only other monument to him was in manchester , and had to be removed to private property after locals demanded it . 
  united states of europe united socialist states of europe united kingdom of europe , iceland and the atlantic archipelago . 
  the fourth reich the democratic people 's republic of europe the european federation the eternal empire of the 28 shining stars the undying lands the confederation of europe alcoholics anonymous all viable choices . 
  on the correct side if you want to joust/duel with a fellow right handed road user . 
  stupid napoleon changing things . 
  the scottish will deep fry anything that stays still for long enough, 
  the uk was about 2 % off being blue if i remember . 
  it 's not a brilliant colour system . 
  i think the sergeant was trying to impress upon him how silly it was to be doing it in broad daylight , when there 's people about , kids at school and police on the beat with drugs and alcohol most uk police have a very `` we know this happens , just keep it out of sight and safe ; we 've got more important things to do '' policy, 
  tear gas is probably preferable to the extremes of american tourism . 
  `` steven , oh steven is n't this precious . 
  oh my gawd steven , get a photo of me touching his hat , oh my gaad '' * please just gas me and send me back to afghanistan * should clarify now , i 'm really not qualified to say who would win in a fight , and have been mainly pissing about . 
  uk police are like your uncle at a wedding . 
  i could n't find the video where they had a dance off with performers at nottinghill carnival . 
  or the one where they tase the drug dealer . 
  `` matey , if you break out these cuffs again , i will have to tase you . '', 
  `` fine '' * pulls away and runs * `` on the ground ! '', 
  * tases him to the floor , goes and pulls him to his feet * `` now why did you go and have to do that matey ? 
  that was silly . 
  come on , find your feet then sit down . 
  there you - no ! '', 
  * tries to run again , tased the floor again * `` oh come on mate you must be red-raw right now . 
  why did you do it ? '', 
  `` i do n't want to go to prison '' `` oh i know why you ran , i wanted to know why you were selling smack at 9 in the morning '' `` needed the money '' `` oh there 's better ways matey '' proceeds to have a massive heart to heart . 
  some of them will carry loaded weapons depending on the situation . 
  usually not , but the guns are ready to go bar bullets , and on duty guards can call to arms in seconds . 
  also they 've got their bayonet that 's longer than the human body is thick , so that pent up anger could come out . 
  i think they drape white cloth over the barrel of loaded guns when they use them . 
  yes i know . 
  my point was that beyond the funny hats , so are the scots guards , the irish guards , the welsh guards , the grenadier guards and the coldstream guards ( who make up the queen 's guards ) . 
  however , the queens guards have apparently become a tourist attraction so have to put up with tourist bullshit for 9 hours unflinching . 
  so if the two fought each other , the queens guards have a lot of bottled rage to draw on . 
  the uk palace guard are trained soldiers . 
  a common warning from london tour guides , especially at the tower of london , is ; ladies and gents , these young men have just finished tours of afghanistan , and many will return there soon . 
  they deserve your respect , not least because that weapon is live , and the large blade attached to it is very sharp . 
  also , the uk guards have had a long day with americans trying to make them flinch/taking photos next to them , and they are n't even allowed to kill a couple . 
  when they fight , they let out all that anger in a tsunami . 
  just throwing it out there that recent studies of english dna show there 's still a strong celtic ancestry in the population outside of london . 
  the only thing that 's different is that most of the celtic languages and customs faded away after the harrying of the north . 
  people assumed the germanic populations completely dominated the celts , but apparently not . 
  also the scottish came up with the proposal for a united kingdom and are seemingly going to vote no to independence , the northern irish consistently vote in opinion polls to remain part of it by a long margin , and anglesey would have to fall into the sea before the welsh gave half a shit about anything . 
  if anything it 's the english who are more likely to be annoyed by being lumped into the uk , especially as the majority of england has less autonomy than the other countries . 
  and even then , not really . 
  in short , it 's all fine . 
  why sadly ? 
  why is independence the `` good '' ? 
  the majority of scots do n't want it . 
  it 'd be sad if they voted yes , and were n't allowed to leave . 
  but if the majority want to stay , then that 's the majority happy . 
  yeah i meant south west , and was kind of including oxford most of the home counties in the sort of londonish area . 
  this is that awkward moment when you accidentally invite someone you do n't want to your party , and then it turns out they did n't want to come anyway . 
  try 85 % of the population . 
  again , cornwall might be the most vocal , but it 's been a long time since the midlands , north or the west country have been considered in westminster . 
  and as i say , i 'm sure most counties have like minded people . 
  the truth is that london ignores the vast majority of england . 
  but it can be a risky business cutting the uk up into so many pieces . 
  i think it 'd be better for different areas to have more say in government , even if they have lower populations , than to just go hacking everything up . 
  better an area that has more control over itself than a completely independent , tiny country . 
  likely because it was too complicated and nobody wanted the faff of cutting it up into about 50 areas . 
  if it was for the whole of non-london england , it might be slightly different . 
  i think it would be best for everyone concerned if the midlands , north and south ~ ~ east ~ ~ west united , and ousted london . 
  there could be a parliament in yorkshire , and everyone could go back to being an entirely celtic culture ( language , religion everything ) , just to spite the norman oppressors in london .
