true , we do use them interchangeably in everyday conversation though . 
  fun fact : in hungarian , the word sin and crime are the same . 
  i thought he did . 
  pay attention to meeeee !!!!, 
  i thought he did . 
  well , there definitely * is * a difference between sex and gender . 
  as far as her gender is concerned , she is a woman . 
  her sex is another story and it really does n't matter here . 
  i 'm not happy either , but we ca n't just simply usher them all out , they 'd just come back one way or another . 
  their issue has to be handled , not ignored . 
  our police has no capacity to stop all of them , so the whole idea of trying to completely keep them out is silly . 
  sure , deport tens of thousands of desperate refugees back into a war zone . 
  unfortunately that 's what most hungarians think we should do too . 
  but yeah , the idea is totally feasible , let 's try it , they 'll surely just comply and quietly go back . 
  you just solved the crisis single-handedly , here 's a fucking cookie . 
  sounds like a realistic solution . 
  they would never do something like crossing the border illegally . 
  they do n't want to , because most of them have relatives or at least friends in either germany or austria . 
  i did n't know her statement only covered the ones already in germany . 
  but no , we do n't have to solve the big picture , only how to usher out the thousands of refugees already here . 
  edit : wtf are you doing at 3:30 am , go , sleep . 
  so you think authorities are doing a great job not letting them through to germany ? 
  aight , apart from letting them do so ( because that 's clearly insane and against the law ) , how do you propose we handle the current situation , you smartass ? 
  i agree that they should have developed an action plan for such a scenario , because now we 're sitting here with our nuts hanging out , not knowing what the fuck to do next . 
  great job thinking ahead , eu . 
  having to flee their country is never the refugee 's fault . 
  it 's a fucking war zone , of course they sell what they can and flee , that 's the sensible thing to do . 
  also , it 's the only option they have . 
  but would you say with confidence that none of the homeless are responsible for having become homeless ? 
  of course not . 
  homeless people are another can of worms . 
  yes , their situation is sad too , sure , but apples and oranges . 
  yup , people who like to do that should be jailed , amirite ? 
  you misunderstood me , i 'm all for background checks and the like . 
  but here 's the thing : it 's not feasible , as there 's too many of these guys . 
  we are simply not prepared to register and research this many people . 
  the solution of not allowing them into the eu without proper paperwork is not realistic . 
  it 's not doable . 
  it would go slow , so most of them would say fuck it and came in illegally , and then we 're at square one again . 
  there really is nothing we can do right now , other than to allow them to go wherever they want in the eu . 
  or force them all out , see how that works out ( hint : there 'd be dead people involved ) . 
  you 're implying that immigrants are automatically granted german citizenship ? 
  they are not . 
  edit : they might be granted a right of residence , but that 's not the same thing . 
  alright , sounds shitty , i admit . 
  but turn it around . 
  how do you do a background check on thousands of paperless refugees already in the eu ? 
  how would have you handled the situation any better ? 
  you would n't have allowed one single immigrant into the eu without papers and a backround check ? 
  well , they would have just entered illegally , as they actually did . 
  we 'll just have to take the risk , i guess . 
  i 'm happy to do so to help thousands of refugees flee from a fucking war zone . 
  in budapest , we have thousands of refugees waiting around train stations with valid tickets to germany or austria , but authorities do n't let them board because they have no ids and documents and such . 
  when the place gets too crowded though , they randomly allow a wagon or two towards the west to be boarded . 
  this makes the ones left behind feel increasingly anxious and hopeless , which are not the type of emotions we should fuel . 
  what i dont understand is what our govt thinks will happen . 
  that they will just give up waiting and go home after a while ? 
  they wo n't . 
  winter will come , those guys will freeze out there . 
  this is no fucking joke . 
  let all of them board goddamnit , there 's no other option . 
  remember kids , you heard it here first : people from syria = all terrorists . 
  well , what method do you propose to screen for isis members , then ? 
  you ca n't , really . 
  apart from not letting anyone through , of course . 
  i was kidding , of course it 's a shitty idea . 
  or we could execute the gypsies already in jail to make room for refugees !, 
  i 'd love that . 
  aww , sounds sensible < 3, 
  huh , did n't know that . 
  it 's not legal , sure , but they 're refugees , not coming here out of fun , but out of necessity . 
  most of them have relatives in the eu , or so they say , so it makes sense for them to try and reach them . 
  our govt is n't focused on managing the refugee flow * through * the country - volunteers do that by telling them how and where to go , handing out supplies , whatnot . 
  the govt is focused on simply restricting the amount of people coming in , but does n't effectively handle the ones already in . 
  sure , they send them to refugee camps . 
  yay for solution . 
  anyhow , i know what they 're doing is illegal , but we could be a bit more lenient here . 
  they 're not coming because they want to , but because they have to . 
  and if we have the money to build a fancy fence , we should have the money to create some infrastructure capable of handling the guys who are already here , because the govt is doing jack in that respect . 
  true . 
  that 's still an unproportionally huge amount for a mild deterrent though . 
  that 's the best course of action going towards solving the problem . 
  there really is no universal solution , but building a fence to keep them out or forcing them out if they 're already in are most definitely not the way to go , because they 'll just keep coming back anyway . 
  that works in principle , but how would you decide who deserves asylum ? 
  based on where they 're coming from , all of them would be eligible , so we 're at square one again . 
  there 's no better solution though . 
  just because they have no permission whatsoever to enter the country , forcing them all out is not a solution . 
  again , do you think they 'll just give up and go home if forced out ? 
  fuck no , they 'll come back one way or another , so fighting it is futile , especially by spending this much on some mild repellent like this fence . 
  the only sensible solution is to help them go west as quickly as possible . 
  do you think that after having trekked thousands of kilometers , some petty fence will make them turn around and go home ? 
  they 're getting in one way or another . 
  once they 're in , funds should be spent on helping them move along , and not on fear-mongering billboards and useless fences . 
  there 's no other sensible way to go other than to help them move along . 
  it 's forints . 
   he 's looking at hungarians interests first . 
  well , he is not . 
  hungarian interests are the following : get them out of here towards their destination as fast and as humanely as possible . 
  will a fence go towards that goal , or maybe , just maybe , will it be some organized help and guidance ? 
  as added bonuses , the latter a ) would make the govt look like fucking saints instead of the retarded , xenophobic conservative fucks they are b ) there would n't be nearly as many voters disapproving of the govt 's methods as there are now c ) the whole `` fear the immigrants '' campaign money could have gone towards helping them .
