there were also 6 years between the top gear & the daily show bit . 
  public opinion changed quite a bit in those 6 years . 
  professional almost-meteorologist here . 
  and former bay area resident . 
  i can have a crack at it . 
  i donno man . 
  i 've been in a lot of cities in a lot of different continents and i 've had people try to pickpocket me twice . 
  once in san francisco ( where i grew up and spent 18 years of my life ) and once in paris where i spent 4 days . 
  my girlfriend _ was _ pickpocketed , and some eastern european dude tried the `` oh i found this wedding ring '' scam on me . 
  all in the same 4 days in paris . 
  i was just joking about how they put the union jack everywhere ( which i too have noticed ) and you have the union jack flair . 
  therefore i conclude you must be spanish . 
  so ... you 're spanish ? 
  aaaaaaand it 's a useless rick perry-special boondoggle . 
  everything about state government . 
  everything about austin gets worse when the legislature is in session . 
  sure it does . 
  it is frequently used in a sexual sense , but it does n't have to mean that . 
  i think english is so fucked in terms of what sounds things make anyway , fucking it up a little more does n't make much difference . 
  american here . 
  i do it too . 
  i read a lot of british-written books . 
  so i tend to spell things colour favour etc. 
  but i still stick with the american spellings of criticize , analyze etc. 
  drove my teachers wild . 
  it 's an excellent movie . 
  would watch again . 
  eh , austin is overrated . 
  given how often it 's used i doubt that 's true ... 
  i always thought kurwa translated as `` bitch . '', 
   you ca n't be a government agency here if your logo does n't look like it ~ ~ was made in powerpoint . ~ ~ should be a spinning gif on a geocities page . 
  in my experience y' all are direct . 
  the danish ... those guys are rude . 
  you can just set the bar super high . 
  require c2 level stuff -- knowledge of obscure idioms & cultural context of things . 
  and there are lots of rules that technically violate eu law . 
  people seem to get away with them however . 
  [ your countrymen seem to be particularly fond of them !, 
  ] ( http://trailaddiction.com/les-arcs-mountain-bike-guides-and-guiding/legal-battle-right-work-france-uk-qualified-mountain-bike-guide/ ), 
  well the major problem with a rule like this is that it can be used to entirely exclude immigrants from these positions . 
  and that can be bad , because the nice part about immigrants is that they 're frequently bi or multilingual . 
  and they 're better able to serve people in whatever languages they speak . 
  high mountains also work . 
  above 3000 meters say . 
  it 's common in germany ... 
  you could do a vaguer description !, 
  `` whole country goes wild about gardening . 
  financial ruin follows '', 
  jean paul marat ? 
  serbia not have roads . 
  only potato and sadness . 
  ( did i do that right ? ), 
  in his discipline , yeah . 
  he 's a sprinter . 
  like the usain bolt of cycling . 
  compare him to sir chris hoy . 
  or gregory bauge . 
  i discussed that with some friends on facebook . 
  the only distinction for me is permanence . 
  if you 're romanian intending to move back to romania you 're an expat . 
  if you 're a romanian but you 're permanently living in a new country with no plans to go back ( outside of visits ) then you 're an immigrant . 
  deep water . 
   the us has a federal government and a clear foreign policy until certain senators start sending letters ... 
  coulda been the sleazy doper longo ... but no . 
  it 's hilarious when we get colleagues from rural texas coming over here to the head office in germany . 
  they 're the loudest people around wearing stereotypical belts , boots & hats . 
  with ridiculous accents . 
  i live in germany . 
  so it 's a default for me . 
  plus it 's a good englilish language source of news for the continent i live on . 
  seems a little harsh does n't it ? 
   each private toilet consultation ... consultation ? 
  right but they 're russian . 
  so they get drunk and do n't follow orders . 
  that 's just matthew inman ... 
   adding 10,000 more undocumented , possible isil radicals , is not going to be good for america . 
  ... undocumented ?? 
  do you know what the refugee settlement process in the us looks like ? 
  if not , i suggest you stop talking until you find out . 
  refugees typically have an 18-24 month delay while homeland security , defense department and virtually every other department involved in terrorism vets them to make sure they 're not a security threat . 
  they 're probably the best documented immigrants to the us . 
  respect is a great value to have . 
  legislating it is a terrible idea . 
  1 ) what do you mean by wind factor . 
  that 's not a term i recognize and wind energy is what i do every day 2 ) if you mean [ capacity factor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capacity_factor ) then 37 % is pretty low these days . 
  for the most part projects i look at are in the 40-50 % capacity factor range . 
  you got ta wash 'em pretty frequently . 
  but that 's pretty easy compared to , say an up-tower gearbox replacement . 
  and there were anti federalist papers as well . 
  supported by notable people as well . 
  are you going to just ignore that ? 
  certain founders of the country believed that . 
  and then put in some language to that effect . 
  but right wingers take it as gospel that this was what everyone at the time wanted and that 's just not so . 
  small/local control types are not the holders of the one original gospel truth of the founding of the united states . 
  ... the wiki article on wtc 7 explains in detail what happened there, 
  she was n't behind it so much as in front of it . 
  her job as secretary of state was to implement it . 
  so she did . 
  the rumor is that her personal feelings were much more hawkish but she did her job .
