  awww why did you ignore us ? 
  you claiming it isnt ? 
  we are n't known for doing that though . 
  it 's not about the treaty , you guys do n't give them any self determination and greece even denies that there are any turkish minorities in greece , it 's like my government in the 70s but happening today . 
  source : your ass, 
  he just spoke about how one sided it was everyone already talks about those but no one considers what happened to the other side . 
  you guys do n't even recognise them as turks . 
  and i mean the turks not the pomaks or whatever . 
  the thing is turkey is safer now than it ever was , there were a ton of terror attacks in turkey before and so many civilians were killed now it 's so rare that it becomes a big shock to us . 
  you were hurting my feelings, 
  do you plan to smuggle hash and get caught and land yourself in prison ? 
   you do n't need to see random awareness video to conclude that turkish culture is very much against homosexuality , gender reassignment , transvestism and other such things common in the lgbt community . 
  what did you need then ? 
  could you provide proof to what you 're saying ? 
  i 'm just saying it 's really not likely that anything will happen to him at all , terrorism is really overblown considering how low your chances are to be affected by it anywhere in the world, 
  everything based on allegations though , you would n't be able to show me real evidence now would you ? 
  best you can do is rt bs . 
  heh , there are tons of trannies in turkey , i 've never seen them harassed but i 've seen them hit on and picked up regularly lmao, 
   i 'm really glad i visited turkey a couple years ago because it was truly great . 
  the people were great . 
  the food was great . 
  antalya was great . 
  some places i went to but forget the name of were great . 
  all around amazing trip . 
  nothing changed  but there is absolutely no way i would go there any time soon . 
  turkey borders a war zone and it 's clear they do n't have control of their borders . 
  this was always the case for the past forty years . 
   i know the chances of something bad happening are extraordinarily low but since there is almost no country i do n't want to travel to , there are dozens of potential next vacation destinations that have a lower chance of being murdered . 
  you are more likely to be hit by a car and die tomorrow , when it 's your time , it 's your time . 
  if you do n't believe us then just go through his comment history . 
  it implies we like him , we do not . 
  i 'm kidding obviously , the page was still open from before you changed . 
  i work for erdogan , prepare to be arrested . 
  of course , i take key screenshots of everything i can . 
  your posting history is screenshot and safe and sound in my computer now in case i ever need it . 
  [ i have the proof right here my man ] ( http://i.imgur.com/duhtavg.png ), 
  you changed your flair , why do you do this to me ? 
  on green yugoslavia ? 
  it is a great idea , it 's how he 'll understand our perspective , you 're just letting it be a bias one sided thing , there you can understand what we think of the situation . 
  because the motherfucker got elected by cheating heavily , if you say this you really have no idea about how much he cheats nor how people see him in the country , even his voters . 
  i suggest you read the [ megathread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/4fvra5/armenian_megathread/ ), 
  you 're saying it 's alright to mass kill civilians so long as you were subjects to their empire ? 
  if it 's real it must be very obscure i 've never heard it in my life . 
  my denial of what ? 
  nah it 's not that , we watch it too . 
  they just want to try to hold on to older values i guess , they are from the most conservative areas in the east and all the other values they see around them they want us to stay away from i guess . 
  it seems like it 's very obscure saying and besides it says it 's a greek one . 
  that hurriyet article was n't proof of it at all ... 
  yeah . 
  netherlands , germany and belgium are the akp stronghold of europe . 
  theyre the very old eastern villager immigrants who have no idea about the country, 
  the fact that a horse stomped where his dick should be but he did n't react to it at all was the biggest clue that he actually in fact has no dick , he 's like the bald fucker from game of thrones , he 's got nothing there . 
  what country are you in ? 
  it depends on that . 
   ( in turkish slang a toilet is called ` priest ' ) uh what ? 
  that 's not true . 
   taqiyah that 's a shia thing though, 
  erdogan 's son is a balding soulless ginger , no need for goat jokes with him . 
  wait is this norwegian ? 
  i thought i was listening to turkish but found it weird i could n't understand it . 
  well done video btw , the hickey bit was a cheeky icing on the cake . 
  where/how/when did you see all that ? 
  thank you , 
  what was wrong with it ? 
  apparently we make [ 61 out of 72 of the criteria . 
  ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-fulfills-61-of-72-benchmarks-for-visa-free-travel-to-europe-.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=98140&amp;newscatid=510 ), 
  i guess people on this sub do n't like children, 
   there are reports of many lgbt discrimination . 
  really ? 
  where ? 
  when ? 
  obviously homophobia is n't non-european , it 's something that 's disappearing gradually everywhere including turkey more and more . 
  what news have you read ? 
  we 're a bit of odd people but we have a big soft spot for gay people and transexuals lol . 
  i 've seen more of them around than i did in other european countries . 
  besides even if we were homophobic there are plenty of european countries that are not really in favour of homosexuals right ? 
  what / u/911mitdidit is completely right . 
  we 've even had female leader elected but she turned out to be a tyrant ... 
  the part we differ is the freedom of speech part because we believe hate speech is wrong but on the erdogan level i believe it 's more apathetic than anything else with the `` what could i do ? '', 
  thought . 
  how so ? 
  i 've always felt our values were very similar . 
  we 're a bit more on the clean freak side if you consider that a value lol, 
  well show me proof ? 
  no rt and no hearsay though . 
  that never happened . 
  well yeah it makes sense that rebellions are crushed by an empire does n't it ? 
  i did n't condone massacres against civilians , i 'm talking about killing militants who take arms . 
  from what i read here it says they were killed after they reached a deal , surrendered and disarmed which i also find totally wrong . 
  i 'm wondering how much of this is exaggerated though to further inspire bulgarians to take up arms against the ottomans , after all this article is even only one sided with nothing from the ottoman side at all except the one who is immediately branded `` pro turkish '' and no details of his are actually mentioned either . 
  the pomaks sound pretty brutal , are there occurrences of the ottoman forces themselves causing atrocities ? 
  are there more than just batak ? 
  do you mind showing me things i can read on about all the bulgarians that were killed ? 
  does n't make sense that they would just randomly be killed unless there were rebellions or something then it makes sense . 
  also note this : i am not crying or caring much about all the stuff people in the past went through it is way too long ago to matter anymore . 
  it always seems to me people who want to dwell on things that happened in the past and get angry about them today are being very counter-productive . 
  it 's not going to achieve anything but hate and mistrust instead of moving on from the past and working together for a better future . 
  [ is this ok ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims ), 
  how you said `` also when kobani was under attack , and turkey refused to help but simply blocked the borders . '',
