  that 's like 1.5 million people, 
  apparently 1 in 50 british men are trusting too much though, 
  sounds right to me, 
  how is he not mentally troubled ? 
  people like him sound insane to me . 
  meanwhile i can go to the brothel all day erryday, 
  yes . 
  that 's why we need your support , not your hate . 
  yes . 
  videos of votes being burned , tons of boxes being dumped on a road side filled with opposition votes , records of dead people voting , even children who had died 40 years ago , tens of thousands of `` voters '' whose addresses belong to empty plots of land . 
  ( with the tens of thousands i mean that for example 20-50 thousand `` people '' are registered to one plot of land ) etc. 
  this is all known but nothing is done ... 
  lots and lots of cheating . 
  people also assume that their lives are better since he came and they 're also afraid of change/are too stubborn with their pride to vote for others . 
  do you guys mind helping us make erdogan go too ? 
  pls ... ? 
  [ bunu unutma ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/tofa%c5%9f_do%c4%9fan_slx_front.jpg ), 
  turkish attitude is more `` shit happened but let 's leave it in the past and forget about it '' this is the attitude in general as in to all the turk killings in the balkans , the killing of circassians or the killing of muslims in eastern anatolia . 
  we 're more than willing to let bygones be bygones if people quit attacking us as the evil villain . 
  not just any other neighbouring country though , azerbaijan to us is a separate piece to our state , we 're very close to them and see them as brothers . 
  it 's not so much the tolerance it 's more the ignorance really , people do n't understand how you can not be muslim , they do n't understand how someone could have a consciousness or be a good person without islam . 
  i remember when my friend visited turkey ( he 's an atheist ) and he went to konya ( ! ), 
  and when he told people that he was an atheist they were really shocked that he was an atheist and they told him they did n't believe he could be a good person without religion in his heart . 
  he explained his philosophy and spent a week with those people and the other people in the area and when he was leaving they apologised to him and told him that they really miss judged him and were surprised about how an atheist could be such a great person , they exclaimed how it really opened their eyes and their minds ... 
  it 's a shame my friend did n't get to affect more people with his presence but hopefully people will learn over time through the internet and other technology that in the end we are not all that different and this ignorance can slowly be beaten ... 
   you have to fight a lengthy legal battle to get it changed no you do n't , it 's a quick trip if you got no one else in line . 
   % 80 of the public instituitions ( and no , i 'm definitely not exaggerating ) you really should back this up from a factual source, 
  i have alevis in my family and i do n't think it 's as bad as he 's making it sound really ... people do n't care too much about sects in turkey as you can see how badly people love azeri people despite the fact that azeris are shia ... 
  dogan literally means `` one who is being born '' lol , it 's also a [ common surname and even a given name ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/do%c4%9fan ), 
  i was speaking more in general joking about the finnish theory of turanism , 
  your friends ? 
  why ? 
  that sounds a bit over the top to me, 
  never heard of that , you got source ? 
   s\u00fcvari really ? 
  sounds like some tatar influence to me , if you google it you 'll see a whole bunch of turkish stuff . 
  or maybe this is a part of your turanian heritage , 
  why should erdogan be turned into a martyr ? 
  if someone 's 17 and has sex with someone who 's 18 and the 18 year old 's parents complain , that 18 year old can get prosecuted . 
  \u00d6zg\u00f6kkurt is the most 100 % turk name i 've ever heard it means the embodiment of the celestial wolf, 
  does it matter ? 
  that was the agreed borders . 
  well the issue is that the people have been removed so only one ethnic group is there now instead of both so you ca n't really ask both peoples when one of them was completely eradicated/relocated . 
  because those lands are/were within azerbaijan 's borders . 
  that was signed over in a treaty though, 
  `` with the help of allah , we will conquer you '' . 
  that 's not what they said though ... 
  i ca n't tell if you 're having a bit of fun or not, 
  `` irish '', 
  i was n't talking about your topic i was talking about world news and the contents within, 
  do n't forget he was returned not once but twice ... 
  i 'm not attacking anyone, 
  dogan literally means `` one who is being born '', 
  its not a few rotten apples , that 's the sub where people cheer when theres a bomb that goes off in turkey and upvote those posts like crazy . 
  the quality posts are quite few and ignored or downvoted . 
  people do n't like being informed there , everyone functions on confirmation bias . 
   worldnews thread world news threads about turkey are full of fake shit , propaganda against turkey and cancer . 
  i 'm surprised anyone bothers going through it . 
  [ i love how the man in the van looks so pleased ] ( http://i.imgur.com/esjcsii.png ), 
  should n't it be 3,2,1 ? 
  does n't make sense to count up a count down ... 
  it 's not about disagreeing i find it really odd that you see them and i do n't , are you the kid from the sixth sense or something ? 
  lol !, 
  i do visit other cities . 
  ankara is my domain but i go all around except the south east really . . also i googled \u00e7ar\u015fafl\u0131 ankara and the top result is '' \u00e7ar\u015fafl\u0131 escort bayan ankara - ankara escort '' ( to translate that 's covered/scarved female escorts ) lmao, 
  that 's not true i have n't seen that either other than in istanbul, 
  it probably would but kilicdaroglu 's passive aggressive clapping campaign is going to get him nowhere . 
  we wanted to , we really really did but we just kept being kicked in the face and spat on instead of encouraged, 
  oh hell no , you did ** not ** just say that !, 
  that 's one of the most insulting things you can say , our cuisine is not bland at all , if all you eat is kebab and think that 's the entire cuisine then you are sorely mistaken and bacon pales in comparison to lamb anyway . 
  what is ? 
  we need an authoritarian strong man chp leader ? 
  i have never seen a burka anywhere other than istanbul in my life . 
  in fatih i saw them but they were n't speaking turkish , it sounded like arabic to me , at least something with lots of guttural sounds . 
  wheres murad iv when you need him ? 
  but they were . 
  the majority of locked up journalists were made up of people who were supporting pkk and their cause through their civilian murders . 
  this was going on before erdo 's time, 
  i 've seen it too many times to count how people assume the arabic tourists we have in istanbul are the average turkish citizens and the rest are all tourists ... 
  disgusting woman, 
  if the turkish military did n't care for kurdish lives they would have straight up bombed up the city but the operations were quite careful and we lost quite a few people to ieds because the military attempted to avoid civilian casualties . 
   kurds living in their ancestral lands those lands were armenian lands , kurds came after . 
  military intervention to cyprus was not genocide . 
  that 's not a celebration . 
  yeah it 's heavily bias against turkey and has been making multiple false articles and heavily sensationalising allegations just in general heavily against turkey since the jet being shot down . 
  it 's untrustworthy towards turkish stuff . 
  oh wow nice legitimate sources you have there buddy . 
   turkey uses indiscriminate fire that kills civilians that is n't '' terrorism '' , somehow it 's '' collateral damage . '', 
  can you see the dubble standard ? 
  when did that happen ? 
  murder those civilians !, 
  kill those doctors and teachers !, 
  blow up those schools , sports facilities and all other buildings !, 
  yeah blow those children apart !, 
  you got this !!!, 
  that 's because it 's always referenced as `` da kurds '' and there 's no explanation about the complexities which really causes a lot of misinformation and anger . 
  trust me its annoying me too , there 's a lot of potential if they make friends with turkey , just like how turkey invests a ton of money in north iraqi kurdistan pumping a ton of money into it and building 80 % of the infrastructure , they could do the same for people of the pyd . 
  that 's the thing you do n't know how much it will escalate and there were terror attacks by the pkk in european countries . 
  pkk supporters attack the host country when they 're protesting and hope they 'll get support . 
  i do n't understand the logic either it 's retarded .
