  he rigged it . 
  around 10 %, 
  if you tried some of the other things we do you would admit defeat :p, 
  well to be fair you probably only know one type of doner , we do the same thing as what a gyros is too but the meat is n't pork . 
  there are kebab types that are way better than gyros for sure though . 
  i do n't get it, 
  we voted no but the rigging made it so our votes did n't matter . 
  that 's fine , i was just wondering what you were insinuating . 
  and ? 
  [ why did n't you post this one ? 
  you guys got ta accept the fact that its our country and move on just like the greeks did for istanbul . 
  each source says something else , one of the sources cited in the wiki article says he said that his dad was a turk , but we all know him to be totally kurdish . 
  why are the mountains spiritual to you ? 
  they 're important to us too . 
  they were under turkish rule for the longest time and then later given by russia to us . 
  so what if we changed the names ? 
  they 're our cities and areas , its our rights to name things as we please . 
  we also changed the names of every other place to better suit our language . 
  everywhere in turkey is anatolia to us , there was great consideration towards just calling the country anatolia instead of turkey . 
  it 's gibberish with like 4 turkish words thrown in with 2 of those being swear words . 
  left : good work my brother right : fuck off you pimp, 
  western armenia ? 
  sorry but anatolia has belonged to the turks for close to a thousand years and was taken when might was right , what happened to azerbaijan happened so recently that people who were born on the time are only in their 20s so it 's in very recent memory . 
  ibrahim is neither turkic nor arabic . 
  but we want northern cyprus to be merged with southern cyprus , we do n't want it to be a state . 
  that does n't make sense or compare . 
  was it deemed justifiable by anyone ? 
  cause even the greeks ruled that the invasion of cyprus was justifiable . 
  wtf could be the population ? 
  that land was unrightfully taken a time after might makes right . 
  either way , it 's not recognised as a part of armenia , nor as its own country , it 's globally recognised as being a part of azerbaijan that is illegally occupied . 
  there was also a big difference between what we did and what the armenians did , we came in to intervene and our invasion was legal . 
  occupation now is illegal but we do n't want to occupy anyway , we want to leave as soon as the two halves agree to unify and the only half not wanting to is the greek side . 
  exactly . 
  that does n't make it ok to take land from another country . 
  and yet no one in the world recognises it as a part of armenia . 
  last resort ? 
  why did they need it so badly ? 
  now it is . 
  well they invaded and took it so yeah ? 
  mount ararat . 
  turkey is very close to azerbaijan and to show solidarity with azerbaijan they closed the border with turkey . 
  azerbaijan has a bad relationship with armenia because armenia currently occupies 1/5th of azerbaijan, 
  lol , but for real the borders are closed due to the relations between armenia and azerbaijan . 
  just to be clear , you ca n't actually go to the mountains from armenia , they 're in turkey . 
  this is n't accurate considering genetic testing is illegal in turkey , most of these tests are from the people from eastern anatolia because most of our diaspora are from there who get the tests done . 
   turks are not european ethnically either . 
  actually most of us are . 
  the majority have european backgrounds and the rest have greek/armenian anatolian backgrounds . 
  so during nazi times germany was n't european ? 
  well for one thing the armenian population in turkey was n't even 1.5 million it was around 1.2 million . 
  it is terrible though , i wo n't want that scum in my land . 
  are you kidding ? 
  this is terrible . 
  you mean yes `` won '', 
  after so many years together we really resemble each other . 
  sad times but we 'll come out on top eventually . 
  are y' all blind ? 
  she looks like a fucking fat man . 
  looks kinda like a fat ocalan or something lol . 
  ah right thanks, 
  middle looks ugly af, 
  link does n't work for me . 
  there are many reasons including not having citizenship and even not caring about turkish politics . 
  there are 500,000 turks in the uk vs 50,000 kurds in the uk though . 
  not to mention what intern11 said . 
  there 's 500,000 turks in the uk and 50,000 kurds in the uk though . 
  i 'm asking if he 's really greek or if he 's saying `` i have greek heritage '', 
  well in the meantime i 'm offering the olive branch , it 's up to him if he wants to take it or not . 
   2 % bigger not even that big . 
  sounds like your knowledge on turkish history is lacking . 
  because they 're unaware of whats going on , there 's lots of misinformation going on and a number of other things . 
  i also read that tweet, 
   but in the meantime , i can at least feel some schadenfreude at the plight of the turks . 
  why would you ? 
  this is where we can bond from our mutual pain . 
  really greek or do you mean `` atalarimiz yunanliydi '' ? 
  you were n't worried about your family , you were just saying you do n't want to live under a dictatorship but you already do n't . 
  i do n't want to live under greece , i want us to take back our country . 
  irrelevant but that video is not turkish so we do n't understand it either . 
  no there is no reason for him to do that , it 's illegal . 
  possibly bistander effect is the reason for him not doing anything , you do n't know what the repercussions would be either so it 's the best thing to film and report it . 
   alewite do you mean alevi ? 
  our nation needs us more than ever right now . 
  are n't you already swiss ? 
  we 'll always be turkey . 
  http://www.cnnturk.com/turkiye/son-dakika-ysk-acikladi-muhursuz-oylar-da-sayilacak?utm_content=buffer3b2c7&amp;utm_medium=social&amp;utm_source=twitter.com&amp;utm_campaign=buffer according to this votes without stamps will also be counted . 
  sure but he does n't even see himself as a turk . 
  thanks man i might just do that . 
  could be because i really did not see it , i did n't even realise there was meant to be a stamp ... 
  it was a strange feeling when voting though i felt a lot of pressure and its significance , really hoping we win on this one and my vote counted . 
  no he is n't , he 's insulted him countless times, 
  we do n't see them as subgroups we see them all as turks really , same goes for the kurds . 
  it actually would n't have passed the threshold without many of us turks voting for hdp , we tactfully voted so they could pass the threshold or did you miss that whole thing ? 
  i do n't think mine had that stamp on it actually . 
  i remember it being blank with just the evet / hayir . . 
  he 's an ataturkcu though, 
  this is quite true . 
   ethnic turks are much more pro-erdogan than members of other sub-groups , such as kurds or alevis . 
  wtf , alevis are turks also around half the kurds vote for erdogan .
