  i 'm not an idiot but you seem to not question the news you seem to run into however . 
  i did n't label kurds as terrorists , you ca n't even understand that there are many groups of them . 
  why lump them into one group when that group is so divided ? 
  what village are we bombing in turkey ? 
  we are n't massacring civilians by bombing their villages wtf . 
  we 're not bombing kurdish villages, 
  you keep taking the conversation to irrelevant places , i 'm not talking about isis , not talking about erdogan , not talking about assad . 
  are you really going to justify civilians being murdered ? 
  i 'm not talking about assad 's situation now , i do n't know enough to say anything on that issue . 
  regardless it 's disgusting of you to defend terrorists . 
  i was n't asking about assad , when did we bomb our own country and why would we bomb the kurds ? 
  or do you mean terrorist groups such as the pkk ? 
   the turks and syrians bomb their own country . 
   the turks bomb their own country . 
  what ? 
   turks are just as backwards . 
  why do you say so ? 
  thanks . 
  you 're a good guy , they really do sound like asses . 
  23 degrees is n't that hot . 
  wait he actually deleted his account ? 
  what was his username ? 
  what had he said ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're trying to be funny , if you are it 's fine but if not , he really did . 
  there was mass scale cheating and no one did anything about it . 
  there 's video evidence of it , written evidence . 
  there 's everything . 
  but nothing is happening . 
  you 're arguing with kurdishnationalist/helpasaddoge/goodphotos , the kurdish dude that keeps trying to push an agenda against us but now he 's trying to pretend he 's greek while doing so . 
  they 're `` fair '' as in akp cheats like crazy . 
  well then can you please give me a source . 
  yeah , those name changes are to suit the turkish tongue . 
  it 's made to seem so much more horrible than it really is . 
  norashen was changed to norshin oh big whoop . 
  it 's the same damn name . 
   but there are tons of people from balkan descent ( bosniak , bulgarian , albanian ) in izmir , probably the majority do you have a source for these claims ? 
   turks also had a tendency to put an `` i '' at the beginning of every word starting with an `` s '' , so there is also that . 
  thats how we are when it comes to two consonants next to each other . 
  give me an example ? 
  also you got ta consider the fact that literally 100 % of the lands we have are conquered lands, 
  ** [ internal screaming ] **, 
  people are so upset about the name changes we made without trying to understand why we changed them . 
  this is actually pretty funny without feeling like it was edgy or so disrespectful . 
  also afaik burning a quran is n't bad , iirc it 's the way you 're supposed to dispose of one . 
  have people been blown up for burning the quran ? 
  nah we do n't have the guilt , people can even have pride that some of their ancestors were slaves like mine . 
  they had a really great life instead of just living the life of a poor man working in a farm they became pretty much wealthy and educated noblemen . 
  not really , the decline occurred due to internal issues totally unrelated to losing a siege . 
  i would n't trust erdogan either , he 's fickle and would do anything for attention . 
  [ you do n't always need helium to talk funny ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3wqsibi7_g ), 
  if you watch [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3wqsibi7_g ) you 'll realise that he is in fact helium ( or filled with it ) . 
  by the way , this is real and not a joke , i 'm dead serious . 
  there 's a lot of that `` let me tell you about your country '' going on for sure . 
  well really most of the things to do with religion are more to do with corruption . 
  mosque building for example is really for money laundering . 
  others can give you more explanation about this . 
  the country feels kinda conservative but never felt soo religious to me . 
  dunno it 's a bit hard to explain unless you have lived in turkey . 
  no one has ever cared, 
  ofc, 
  i meant it as in eating right in front of them . 
  i still eat on the outside places of cafes and restaurants or walk around eating ice cream . 
  what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's just out of human decency . 
  i do n't want to be a dick , that guy 's already hungry and thirsty i 'm not going to eat in front of his face making him feel miserable . 
  well it 's just thoughtfulness . 
  it 's something human to do . 
  some vegetarians like my mother do n't mind if people eat meat around them but for others i 'll ask first . 
  what 's the point in upsetting people ? 
  do n't worry , all this will blow over . 
  it 's super rare though and those guys are freaks . 
  people do n't care if you do n't fast but they do n't like it when you shove it into their faces that you 're eating/drinking . 
  if you 're considerate they wo n't have problems with you . 
  what ? 
  no it 's not . 
  i 've never had a problem in my life before from eating outside . 
  no one cares but you thoughtfully do n't eat in front of someone who 's fasting 's face though . 
  being considerate is important and everyone is very considerate in a nice way . 
  no you 're just spreading false information all of the time . 
  stop lying . 
  i did n't think anyone would be interested , i felt like the one statement speaks volumes on its own . 
  he was n't trying to be funny . 
  btw your comment is unnecessarily rude . 
  what for ? 
  he includes the professionals + the garrisons, 
  we briefly spoke about it , however i believe leaving things to imagination is just more humorous , with an explanation things can be so much more bland and really not meeting expectation . 
  it 's like explaining a joke or how a magic trick works . 
  but if you guys really want to know , [ here 's the rest ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gwyqwls.png ) but when i got that first text after long silence i had burst out laughing . 
  the rest is not all that great , only amusing . 
  my friend moved to europe and this is the first thing he says about the entire experience of going around two cities in two countries . 
  this is what he cared about most of all . 
  i assumed the title would be enough of a context . 
  he 's got a lot of propaganda and slandering to do . 
  according to halil inanc\u0131k the ottoman army strength around that time was around 100,000 . 
  100 000 troops would mean pretty much all of the ottoman army which is logistcalll and logically nigh impossible . 
  are you sure uzun\u00e7ar\u015f\u0131l\u0131 said 100,000 ? 
  why are you going and insulting my countryman ? 
  he did n't do anything wrong . 
  north korea is n't our rival , despite what you may think we still feel free .
