  russia keeps poking countries to mock them and turkey slapped their finger away , something no other country did and all they did was ban tomatoes . 
  i did n't realise banning turkish tomatoes was wwiii worthy . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://9gag.com/gag/apvvbp5/if-they-can-t-afford-tomatoes-let-them-eat-ketchup ), 
  i do n't think turkey would have a problem with north iraqi kurdistan being formed , they 're already allied but the syrian ones are aligned closely with pkk and that 's unacceptable to us and we wo n't allow terrorists to form their own country . 
  if they were n't aligned with the pkk we would support them too like we support the krg/peshmerga, 
  we have over 250 thousand armenians in turkey, 
  you are aware that `` muslim '' is encompassing all ethnic groups right ? 
  there are over 35 different ethnic groups in turkey some in the millions some in the hundreds of thousands . 
  anatolia is practically refugee land considering so many people fled persecution to come to anatolia . 
  linking todayszaman ? 
  oh boy this paper is notorious for a whole number of reasons , i 'll just cut it short and say that it 's pretty unreliable . 
  hey man honesty is important, 
  i 'm alerting you to old posts that you may have missed, 
  read the other posts i said in case you missed them . 
  not because alcohol was served , apparently they were angry that there was a raki festival while there was an on going conflict and people were dying ... also , [ here 's a pic of the perpetrator with raki in front of him lol ] ( http://www.abcgazetesi.com/images/userfiles/fft16_mf6396746.jpeg ) nothing happens to gay or transsexual people in turkey , there is no hunt for them or anything . 
  there have been plenty of gay and transsexual celebrities in turkey adored nationwide too who have been openly gay or transsexual without any of them being attacked or anything their whole lives . 
  what 's wrong with militarism ? 
  what is `` rampant ultranationalism '' ? 
  why is the cult personality with ataturk bad ? 
  the latest coup was so many decades ago and was sponsored by america . 
  repeated conflicts with kurds ? 
  are you for real ? 
  it 's the same ongoing conflict between the state and the pkk and its sub groups , not against the kurds . 
  almost all turkics are . 
  [ here are a bunch of basic halay dances and instructions on how to do them ] ( https://youtu.be/gew--lu1xtq?t=26 ) [ here 's horon being performed at a wedding ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjlwdn5uzw0 ) and here is [ apaci dancing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sauqqtllvyo ) horon is my favourite which is performed in the black sea region , 
  you 're an idiot . 
  read the other posts at least . 
  there are plenty of those pics , they have been around for years now . 
  the funds are a fraction of what turkey spent and will spend to house millions of refugees . 
  watch the video and see the editing . 
  it 's fuckin fake as hell . 
  what about them ? 
  in turkey i find that people do n't read the quran , extremely rarely people pray 5 times a day , some people go to the prayer on fridays , often people drink , the highest consumption of raki ( the national alcoholic drink ) is in the most conservative province . 
  sex out of wedlock is common , people even just go to brothels to lose virginities kek . 
  with the women , some of the religious women just get hymen reconstruction surgery if they want to continue with the charade of being virgins . 
  he 's been around for 13 years and all he has n't done anything besides allowing headscarved girls to attend university . 
  wow secularism gone !!!!!!!! 111 !!, 
   turkey is going backwards now lol no . 
  i say i 'm a muslim but i 've only held a quran once but i 've never read it . 
  i consider myself a muslim though i drink alcohol , eat pork and have sex out of wedlock . 
  most turkish muslims do it this way lol . 
  reminds me of the alternate world spiderman where peter parker has his identity revealed and he 's famous and rich . 
  you realise there 's obviously a reason why they 're not designated as a terrorist group by anyone , it 's cause all they do is turtle up and defend . 
  how ? 
  it 's do or die or should they have another enemy right at them trying to slaughter them while everyone else is already killing them ? 
  the turkmen are being slaughtered , desperate times calls for desperate allies . 
  all the turkmen want to do is protect themselves . 
  is that so bad ? 
  they 're not terrorists when they have no choices , if they did n't ally then they would have been massacred . 
  the turkish support via oil money has always been allegations without any concrete proof , that man is only furthering the allegations . 
  did you read the second article ? 
  those weapons were going to syrian turkmen who later proceeded to thank turkey for the supplies , help and support they received from the turkish state . 
  the turkmen are n't terrorists in case you are not aware . 
  [ first of all this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ewmaplz.jpg ) second of all i suggest you do what w4hammer says . 
  same here , erdogan caused the football fans to [ unite , ] ( http://i.imgur.com/czhqmqm.jpg ) it was truly incredible . 
  i-i like yours too, 
  well i guess since people started representing the turkish flag as islam for some fuckin reason . 
   they 're a muslim majority country why is this a factor ? 
   yet even though we are giving turkey lots of funds they are still letting many refugees through . 
  you did n't give us shit . 
       your country had over 400,000 police officers in 2012 and over 630,000 in the armed forces ; how hard ca n't it be to monitor the area most-likely to be used by the migrants ? 
  in case you 're not aware , we have much more important shit to deal with like isis and pkk . 
  we also have a town called slap and batman among other strange names . 
  why do you guys want to force all these people on us ? 
  we should share the burden . 
  no we are n't . 
  killing , detaining and deporting isis members is not supporting them . 
   apart you just said turkey is n't separated from europe . 
  thank you for agreeing turkey is european < 3, 
   a country that 's threatening european countries to send them millions of immigrants , that 's what it is . 
  italy and greece did that too . 
  only an idiot would n't see the obvious editing in that video . 
  what had he said exactly ? 
  all the comments are deleted . . 
  we did n't do that due to terrorists who were already crossing the border and attacking us for the past 30 years, 
  you mean the ruble is in the rubble, 
   democracy is like a train : when you reach your destination you get off . 
  the mosques are our barracks , the domes our helmets , the minarets our bayonets and the faithful our soldiers . 
  putting two quotes one after another like that you are causing misinformation , they were said at separate times . 
  also the mosque thing is a poem . 
  i ca n't believe after all these months you 're still working on spreading misinformation and bullshit . 
  can you please explain ? 
  we 're still doing it before the orthodox guys right ? 
  why ? 
  they 're so different from us , how would they be similar ? 
  elaborate, 
  afghans or somalis coming would be the exact same as syrians , geographical location does n't mean much when the people are totally different from you in language , culture , religion etc. 
  for us taking syrians in is the same as you taking syrians in . 
   '' charity '' they really are a charity group and they 've done a lot of good from what i read , only designated as a terrorist group in israel for some reason . 
  what you thought that with those knives and sticks they had they 'd give it to the people of gaza ? 
  i 'm sure people in gaza have sticks and knives already . 
  beating people with sticks is for pacifying people , shop keepers have sticks with them in case people rob them so they can beat them and be taken by the police . 
  can you imagine fearing you 're facing death that 's why you 'd attack with sticks . 
  saying these people were dangerous and terrorists because they have and attacked with sticks is so fucking retarded . 
  imagine you got 600,000 syrians . 
  you 're not answering any of my questions and i 'm obviously talking about the hypothetical 10 % you were talking about . 
  what would you do if you do n't understand what 's going on and are being violently boarded by people with guns , of course you 're going to try to protect yourself with whatever you have on board . 
  also kill the commando 's what ? 
   its a joke for a serious matter . 
  it 's no joke , no one else is doing this shit , turkey has been doing it out of the best of its capabilities , you really have no real grasp on understanding how all this works though do you ?
