  jesus sends his regards to you !, 
  '' ; he was rewarded by the sultan with silver and the rank of sipahi in the ottoman army . 
  in case people here do n't know his [ true identity ] ( http://imgur.com/3ykwg6i,15mbaom#1 ) and also here we can see him giving a speech [ from space ] ( http://imgur.com/3ykwg6i,15mbaom#0 ) but seriously though , do you guys know that he gave a speech as a hologram ? 
  [ i 'm dead serious . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caa-uehkbde ), 
  you did n't refute anything i said , you just kept going on about `` castrated '' slaves rowing in the `` galery '', 
  i 'm just assuming you 're trying to troll me now i 'll stop responding . 
  man , there is a difference between western and ottoman slavery [ exhibit a ] ( http://imgur.com/1bnuerp ) . 
  does that look like cruelty to you ? 
  also by gallery do n't you mean galley ? 
  also where you are from is relevant because it seems like you had an anti ottoman nationalistic history lesson . 
  ottoman empire did n't suck , it was quite grand and rich , it was a great empire that lasted 624 years , it took many countries and many years of war to take it down , it 's pretty damn impressive . 
  i do n't have a positive view on castration was done very briefly , not for long at all so it 's okay and `` slavery '' was like winning the ultimate lottery in the ottoman empire . 
  ottomans were better . 
  you 're talking about the devsirme system are n't you ? 
  you realise that the families were compensated with gold for the work the families were n't going to be able to do from the child growing up . 
  you realise you listed the same thing but as if different occasions and no ottoman slaves were n't put in a galley to row , they were made as elite citizens higher than all else in the empire . 
  the thing is when the sultan tried to stop this practice those who went through the devsirme system did n't want it to stop , they 've killed a few sultans and crushed one sultan 's testicles because of this . 
  oh and another thing , at least 3 of my ancestors have gone through the devsirme system and i could n't be more proud of that and envy their luck . 
  you really seem to have a balkan-like nationalistic view on ottoman history , where are you from ? 
  you are pretty frustrating because you 're talking about different things to what i 'm talking about . 
  reading [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_jews_in_the_ottoman_empire ) you should get a better idea . 
  if you look at the abuses part too you 'll see that 's by the arab world , not the turkish muslim . 
  you should also know that the empire was very decentralised and there was a millet system where all regions were taken care of by others , you should read more into it . 
  uh , you know being second class does n't mean abused and humiliated right ? 
  the only difference is that non muslims could n't serve in the army and also a jew 's word weighs less than a muslims word in law . 
  it does n't mean people were abused , humiliated and dominated . 
   in the same way that the us and the soviet union once fought on the same side . 
  they had a common enemy , that 's all . 
  does n't mean that they did n't hate each other . 
  can you explain how the ottoman empire taking in expelled jews is similar to that at all ? 
  also i 'm curious about mohammed massacring whole villages of jews , can you link me to where i can read about it ? 
  i do n't know much about the history of early islam and i would like to read about it . 
  of course . 
  i did n't generalise i just said it was muslims who took the jews under their protection and my comment towards generalisation was towards the other commenter , not you . 
  does n't mean you can just generalise all muslims under the same umbrella, 
  muslims took jews under their protection after they were expelled from spain too, 
  thanks !, 
  it only told me you posted this just now even though it says you wrote this 20 hours ago strange . . 
  that was n't my intention , just like to try to guess things cause haydar is an arabic name and alma means apple i believe in hungarian, 
  his name sounds like it 's the name of a muslim hungarian, 
  how do you post like this ? 
  culturally ? 
  not really . 
  religion wise they 're muslim and so are we but they are a different sect to us too . 
  we 're actually culturally closer to greeks and the rest of the balkans believe it or not . 
  also my main issue is that we get no support for the help we give refugees , we 're doing the best we can but we are n't as wealthy as european countries and it really weighs on our economy to take the whole burden on ourselves . 
  why is everyone taking so few ? 
  we in turkey had to take over 2 million and i 'm not even sure we get much monetary support from the eu or anything . 
  so yeah , this map is really inaccurate too . 
  turkey 's one is horribly inaccurate . 
  there 's supposed to be a small patch of kurds somewhere south of ankara but not that much kurdish all around central anatolia . 
  and then the rest of turkey with the greek must be from an extremely old census because i can tell you that half of istanbul does not speak greek , we only have ~ 4 thousand greeks in turkey so the western part is also wrong with the greek numbers as they were probably from the population exchange times . 
  the bulgarian i can understand due to the relatively recent exile of bulgarian turks and some of them would still be speaking bulgarian as well as turkish . 
  the person who did it was quite lazy , there 's much more to it than this simplistic map which is n't exactly clear either, 
  oh right , german internet shit pisses me off and i do n't even live in germany . 
  people do n't realise how much turkey has been trying to help people the past year and how much the war is costing turkey where turkey is losing billions due to the war and billions more looking after refugees but everyone focuses on allegations which are just hearsay and no solid proof of anything . 
  if anyone wonders how refugee camps in turkey are , [ they 're pretty damn good ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/16/magazine/how-to-build-a-perfect-refugee-camp.html?_r=1 ) . 
  this is pretty inaccurate, 
  what the fuck ? 
  that 's all i can say about this , what kind of retarded thing is this shit ? 
  fuck all those greedy fat cats trying to make money from everything . 
  that one makes sense though , what is america doing here, 
  that 's what i meant at the end of my post . 
  it 's horrible . 
  one human being should always show respect to another no matter their background , this is just vile behaviour . 
  it 's sick . 
  seriously though this picture is heart wrenching and i feel just awful even making a joke here . . 
  how does turkey support terrorist organisations ? 
  wow . 
  thank you very much for this , i 'm going to from now on use this method . 
  most of them were people under the tag of journalist to spread pkk propaganda and they were put into prison for that reason . 
  calling pkk an `` illegal organisation '' is really putting it lightly . 
  they are a terrorist group and that 's that . 
  if you are against isis spreading propaganda then you should be against these guys doing it too , pkk is responsible for the deaths of over 40 thousand civilians . 
  did you read why the journalists were imprisoned ? 
  nevermind , come back to these comments when you grow up and read again maybe you 'll understand . 
  the numbers being lower does n't mean they do n't exist , plus those numbers are old there 's even more now and even still i would n't call 70,000 a small number , there 's also other armenians in turkey too you forget like hemshins . 
  plus many people have greek backgrounds like me and also people of the pontic region etc. 
  you 're also forgetting the existence of other minorities in turkey like persians , azeris , arabs , georgians , abkhazians etc. 
  but to you the only minorities are greeks and armenians who already actually have their own recognition . 
  in turkey there are over 35 different ethnicities but i 'm sure you 're totally unaware . 
  what 's with the unwarranted racism ? 
  there are so many minorities in turkey dude . 
  we still have greeks and armenians . 
  you really are a joke you should learn more before you cry and say dumb racist remarks . 
  i say 70s you post 50s crap , you are a joke and not worth arguing with . 
  i see you have a reading disability , i 'm so sorry i 'll stop bothering you . 
  this channel is notorious for faking subtitles for propaganda purposes . 
  an example is the video called turks wish death on armenians or whatever , they 're actually saying the commando oath while in the subs it says stuff like drink the blood of kurds . 
  you mean macedonia ? 
  :( well we have each other at least . 
   which part of this did you not understand ? 
  it 's not about the treaty . 
   we do n't have to . 
  i 've seen members of your parliament openly denying that there are any turks at all in greece . 
   is the greek gov ' t inciting anti-turkish riots and imposing special taxes on turks ? 
  we were n't doing that in the 70s . 
  you really do n't like us do you ? 
   i also hear albania actually has very nice beaches .
