  what ? 
  just go read up on turkic migration . 
  i did and i think what you said is stupid . 
  according to you turks also come from afghanistan , iran , india , pakistan etc because they also lived there before also moving to turkey . 
  the origin of turks are from central asia but they 're from more north and east from turkmenistan . 
  i hope you 're feigning stupidity . 
  technically turks come from any place they ever set foot in then , they were nomadic people the whole time migrating and living in places , it makes no sense to say that they 're from turkmenistan at all , saying this mainly implies place of origin too which turkmenistan is definitely not . 
   really ? 
  you guys are in such denial that you refuse your central asia history ? 
  no i do n't and no we do n't . 
  we are from central asia , we are ** not ** from turkmenistan . 
  our education discusses all about how our ancestors came from there and from anatolia as well as other places , i do n't think you have the right to assume something for no reason from my country that you have no idea about . 
  also wow way to go deviate the subject heavily too , it seems like you just harbour some kind of hatred for us . 
  no i 'm not . 
  the origin of turks is not from turkmenistan . 
  that 's your whole basis for thinking turks come from turkmenistan ? 
  how old are you ? 
  the country is pretty much nothin but mountain . 
  he was talking about times before the ottomans and you 're talking about the conquest of constantinople ... lol . . 
  it is . 
  turks do n't come from turkmenistan though , they come from a lot more north and east . 
  where did you get the idea that turks come from turkmenistan ? 
  that hardly counts and their numbers are so few . 
  i 've seen maps from the 15th century labelling the ottoman empire as turkey, 
  not really a tax . 
  are you seriously replying to a post this old ? 
  also what i said is true . 
  people allowed to stay for 30 days will amplify existing problems ? 
  what ? 
  after all this time are people still unable to differentiate between kurds and pkk ? 
  literally i suppose but it 's just normal language for us without the thought of god at all to us it literally just hopefully . 
  not for us . 
  just means hopefully for us . 
  i 'm not feigning ignorance i was just wondering where it came from that people heard it if they 're all dying within the radius . 
  that 's crazy your brother was right there though , nuts . 
  i have n't actually seen it i 've only seen it in movies shows and memes . 
  yes , do you have an idea ? 
  all i know is just tvs and movies going allahu akbar * explosion *, 
  not really , it 's really just `` god is great '' and it 's not really something bad . 
  where did the `` allahu akbar '' * explosion * thing even come from ? 
  haha true but it really just means hopefully to me, 
  why though , this is just how it 's phrased for muslim and culturally muslim people, 
  not really, 
  phrases like inshallah and mashallah i really like myself and find them nice to use , although more awkward in english . 
  exactly, 
  other people do it too, 
  they say it cause it 's supposed to be like the last thing you say before you die . 
  they 're used by anyone including atheists , just like how atheists of your country would still say oh my god not oh my science . 
  my response would be the same as / u/crogamer002, 
  i find the way westerners look at these words very eye rollingly , we all have our phrases with god in it , one especially used it `` oh my god '' but when allah is said for some reason it 's seen as le super religious anti secularist etc etc, 
  definitely not incompetent but definitely fake . 
  [ gravelly russian accent intensifies ], 
  i did n't see anything like that on their website . 
  that 's not what they were saying , they were saying ya allah bismillah allah\u00fc ekber , it 's a part of a chant it 's not evil or anything, 
  query_bot said that already, 
  how does that help ? 
  in case you 're not aware , that is literally their aim ... 
  there is only one true team and that is galatasaray . 
  not true . 
   no erdogan-style situation erdogan does n't ever do anything , do you think erdogan goes through fb and twitter news feed and tries to see someone insulting him ? 
  he 's probably totally unaware of just how many people got in trouble . 
  no , they 're not desperate to get eastern european chicks , they kinda flock to turkey and have created a reputation for themselves as being ( literally ) whores , so much so that russian names are synonymous with prostitutes . 
  also the fact that there have been hundreds of thousands of turkish - russian weddings . 
  in any case i have n't seen actual desperation at all , just an expectation of easiness . 
  we 're not offended, 
  eh i do n't have time to get into detail but we 're not a strongly islamic country or anything , religion is almost always reserved for the person 's self and the women are just like anywhere else , everyone is in good spirits and enjoys a good time , not like they 're going to sit there and scoff at the non covered women . 
  we enjoy our fun . 
  he seemed rabidly hateful towards us , was just wondering if he said anything about it, 
  it 's badass . 
  it 's also cool how you guys have gun powder in your traditional outfits, 
  no #sex, 
  arkadaslar kingdom means kingdom of friendship, 
  we like polish people over in turkey , we even have a polish village in turkey . . we always respected poland during ottoman times and that carried onto now . 
  i do n't remember turkish people getting worked up about that at all actually . . 
  why did he hate turks so much ? 
  or maybe you do not really understand the social fabric of turkey . . 
  he did n't get the majority and the dude cheats like crazy so i would n't count it really as fair or actually representing even 49 % of the country , his approval ratings according to widely done surveys was showing his popularity was around 33 %, 
   the kurds were historically where they are now though . 
  that 's not true . 
  so you 're saying let the terrorists win ? 
  they 've got words from kipcak turkic and oguz turkic . 
  kipchak ones are pre ottoman and oguz post ottoman . 
  we make that too ... 
  you need to play civ, 
  it 's hard to conquer the city of the world 's wonders without a siege where no one dies, 
  well there are [ other problems in turkey ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qbwvxfn.jpg ), 
   the destruction of the hagia sophia . 
  we even rebuilt it properly after the collapse from an earthquake . 
  also what 's wrong with celebrating it ? 
  it 's an amazing achievement and it was done finally by a 21 year old which is pretty impressive too , what 's your greatest achievement when you were 21 ? 
  capitalism best ism, 
  and some dutch men . 
  well here 's a quote by an [ armenian man ] ( http://www.azquotes.com/picture-quotes/quote-there-are-turks-who-don-t-admit-that-their-ancestors-committed-genocide-if-you-look-hrant-dink-79-20-66.jpg ) which should shed some light on why it 's not hateful . 
  that makes absolutely no sense . 
  you do n't need to hate people to say something did or did not happen in the manner they speak of if in . 
  that 's not the point though , you 're completely ignoring the point of hate . 
  are you stupid ? 
  the discussion is all about hatefulness of denial , denial does n't mean it 's hateful as i just showed but you 're just changing the focus . 
  definitely not . 
  let 's say your grandfather is accused of committing a crime of murdering someone but you know that is not the case and you said he did n't kill anyone , is it because you hate the family of the people he killed ?
