  thats not their numbers, 
  ~ 15 % is not 1/4, 
   islamist army turkey 's army is n't islamist , what are you on about ? 
  they wo n't . 
  asia minor to me has always sounded like not-really-asia, 
  the ones everyone keeps messing with and making worse, 
  well upsetting balances is not good, 
  i 've never seen anyone say shit like that other than to get a rise out of someone else . 
  everybody wins, 
  never seen it !, 
  i thought the plan was to go through bulgaria actually, 
  i trust you man i 'll check it out when i have time, 
  did you delete that post ? 
  nevermind . 
  could you prove anyone saying that ? 
  it 's good to reach an agreement !, 
   black mirror have n't seen that so i do n't know but we need someone to wear his face and make him resign . 
  he has to realise he 's no good and is only making things worse by wasting everyones time . 
  really ? 
  that 's the problem , everyone wants to hold power . 
  where 's his sex tape already damn it . 
  no , it can be mentioned when relevant just not when it 's irrelevant . 
  no it ca n't be misinterpreted , relevance does n't mean something matters or not , it means it is n't something that should be brought up at all in that topic because it has no place in that context . 
  i just do n't see how it 's always relevant at all . 
  it is n't . 
  ok i do n't mean to sound like a dick but i really ca n't tell if you 're being an idiot on purpose or not or if you just have bad comprehension of english . 
  how is it disrespectful to say it 's completely irrelevant ? 
  for example there are videos of people with machines to help feed stray dogs and cats in turkey and in the comments people bring up armenian genocide . 
  no it should not be reworded to that because it makes no sense , armenian genocide is totally irrelevant to almost anything relating to turkey . 
   but i agree in the sense that it probably should not be mentioned in times where it has nothing to do with it . 
  that is literally what irrelevant means . 
  i did n't see the original post in that light at all . 
  turkey is not happening ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  our culture is quite mixed from central asian , balkan , a bit of persian and indigenous . 
  earlier you claimed it was redditors , which redditor thinks that it was good ? 
  you know we mock certain things so we change what they 're called , it 's a meme for us . 
  sharia law = shakira law , eg2 . 
  kick turkey out of naruto, 
  the thing is he 's actually right , at the slightest mention of turkey people show up and bring up armenian genocide even though it is completely irrelevant . 
  to be fair there is quite a lot of them . 
  she 's super popular and she seems a proper person . 
  fingers crossed . 
  as much as i still do n't like it , conservativeness is not extremism . 
  autonomy is really more than enough in this day and age . 
  but they do n't really need it, 
  eh it 's good enough with how much power and authority they have, 
  they are very new to the area, 
  i 'm afraid my eyes will fall out one day from all these eye rolls you make me do . 
  is n't it enough ? 
  i know you 're saying everything in good nature and you 're just caring and are optimistic to seeing something like a perfect world but it 's not really that simple ... it 's so complicated and complex unfortunately and solutions may not really end up being solutions . 
  this world sucks and everything is way harder than it needs to be . 
  also all these kurds do n't really get along either , they had a big civil war in the 90s and the conflict is n't exactly resolved either so if they did get their independence they would all just start killing each other again . 
  they 're so divided between themselves , everyone is ... btw in turkey , everyone is a minority in this country , we all have our ethnic backgrounds somewhere else but we like you are loyal to our country and call ourselves turks instead . 
  ( i do like you more and probably show you favouritism on / r/europe because you 're hungarian btw , we really like you guys over here [ romanians are cool too but that 's outside this love ] ), 
  probs because you have a very skewed image of my country, 
  because there were pictures of the hostage situation that happened sometime last year and then they killed the guy they kept hostage then themselves . 
  this is wrong . 
  we still have our brothels, 
  not really . 
  never met a single meri\u00e7 in my life who was a male but i 've met so many female meri\u00e7s it seems so weird someone thinks of it as a male name, 
  when we host millions and millions of refugees spending billions more than anyone else in the world in aid , we should have the right to do so . 
   `` meri\u00e7 '' is a male name in turkey . 
  no it is n't , it 's a female name, 
  that 's the thing though a lot of those laws exist already in other european countries too it 's just that no one cares , the problem is the abuse of the law and people are abusing it to appease erdogan , does n't mean he 's doing it or that the freedom of speech does n't exist . 
  opposition papers are vehemently anti government dude . 
  i 'm aware of issues within my country but i think you look at it in the wrong way and look at the wrong problems . 
  we have freedom of speech though , we have the same laws many european countries have when it comes to that too with the weird article 301 thing . 
  oh no , i always reply to people , it 's not a spiteful thing it 's courteous . 
  i 'm not spiteful at all , you seem spiteful actually . 
  rights , yes , but human rights ? 
  seems more like you 're trying to back out of an argument you know you 'll lose . 
  does press fall under human rights ? 
  in either case i mean you have opposition papers in turkey . 
  you 're also being very vague and broad , this does n't help me understand or make a case against you at all . 
  i ca n't make an argument agreeing or against you unless you specify the issues . 
  uh ok . you know i obviously did n't mean every single one of them were ghetto trash right ? 
  and thanks for all the life stories ? 
  because they 're voting for erdogan ? 
  is this a serious question ? 
  it 's an advantage for akp . 
  we do n't want those people to vote though but then again they do hold turkish citizenship so they also have the right to so ... 
  my flag, 
  oh no i 'm not a cypriot at all . 
  what do you expect , you have ghetto trash . 
  we do n't see them as our own at all , you should n't see them as ours . 
  my friend , my friend you sound a little bitter !, 
  let bygones be bygones forget about the past !, 
  it 's time to move on or else you 'll always carry baggage , it 'll never be healthy for you and in fact , the death of you !, 
  so just move on , my friend !, 
   statistics support that they are more prone to violence and bad results in school source on this claim please . 
  dude if you think the turks there are anything like the turks back in turkey , you 're dead wrong . 
  they do n't share our culture they 're outcasts to us . 
  what 's he violating ? 
  exactly man , you 're right !, 
  2 months is a long enough time to forget and move on , 40 years is plenty of time to forget and move on . 
  their descendants could still be right there though, 
  i 'm aware . 
  it 's just you guys that learn it like that . 
  conspiracy ?
