  the aegean dispute is a thing and people are totally oblivious to it the whole time . 
  3-4 violations is nothing , crossing the owned area in water is very easy and not a big deal , getting right over land is where it gets problematic , the way the russians did . 
  most people are unaware and do n't care . 
  it 's not a big uproar or anything . 
  right , thanks for the explanation man . 
  really ? 
  what happened ? 
  last i checked erdogan loved serbia for some reason and wanted to really invest there and i never got why ... what 's going on ? 
  his face in panel 2 and 3 just crack me up the artist did a great job . 
  this was also very funny and revolves entirely around erdogan and i can really get behind that . 
  erdogan is someone that believes any publicity is good publicity , he also just does not care . 
  it was not an issue though . 
  there is no conflict going on what conflict are you talking about ? 
  also greece invades turkish airspace too but that is completely overlooked by you guys for some reason , always taking one side and ignoring the other . . 
  i 've never ever heard of the italians invading turkish airspace , can you show me some evidence to this ? 
  the cyprus thing was never an issue until cyprus ' admittance into the eu though that 's what i 'm saying . 
  according to what turkey signed , turkey is not violating greece 's airspace because the agreed airspace that turkey signed on was 6 nm and turkey flies above that but under 12 nm which is what greece is now claiming . 
  also italy ? 
  what ? 
  and how are the airspaces even relevant ? 
  cyprus was n't an eu member before though . 
  eksisozluk is turkish reddit pretty much . 
  if they banned balkava and lahmacun the people would turn rabid , that shit is crack cocaine to us and we 're all addicts . 
  there are n't that many people here that use reddit from turkey and all this will do is make the site inaccessible for the few who do use it . 
   i live in new haven , there is no persian community ... but thanks for dismissing my opinion through a string of baseless assumptions . 
  who are the ones thinking persian kebabs are the best if there are no persian communities to have the kebabs from ? 
   i 'm sorry if a turk saying their kebab is the best does n't convince me . 
  you guys have a tendency of putting forth that opinion about everything , and it 's been baseless more often than not . 
  go ahead and have some in turkey then , i guarantee you 'll also be eating your words . 
  the meat in turkey is just delicious and the specialised kebabs of the regions are far superior of that of the persian kebabs . 
  yes i 've had them and no i 'm not being bias , i 've liked some of the other ways our food is produced more than the way we do them like uzbek manti is better than ours and bosnian burek i prefer over ours , but persians ca n't make kebabs better than we can . 
  hello colony :d now be careful and do n't start claiming our food as yours like the rest of our ex-colony does : dd, 
  shawarma is actually also turkish kebab , shawarma is literally a turkish word and is just a synonym to doner . 
  they both mean to spin/to turn . 
  hey at least he was honest and stayed with a turkish name !, 
  our kebabs are actually better than the persian ones . 
  in turkey we have a very long list of types of kebabs and they 're certainly much better . 
  you 've probably only really had persian kebab and have such an opinion cause of all the persian restaurants cause of the large iranian population in usa . 
  i 'm guessing especially in the area you live in . 
  they did but in turkey there is n't too much of a pizza culture though there are similar things to pizzas in turkey that 's why kebab pizzas are n't found that often , it still exists but it 's not widespread . . 
  currently the name of turkey in turkish is t\u00fcrkiye , however i 'd like to drop the greek suffix on the country 's name and use the turkic suffix and rename the country t\u00fcrkeli . 
  that might be because you associate it with the bird . 
  if the country was named anatolia maybe you 'd be calling the bird anatolia . 
  besides the name sounds better in turkish than in english . 
  what an annoying bot, 
  i think the local bird population is fine , i learned a lot about it in primary school but ca n't remember much now but i believe have a lot of birds of many different species and we 're also a transit hub for migration . 
  do n't quote me on this i could be totally wrong , i 'm only trying to remember from many years ago so ... you can search yourself though . 
  i really like that !, 
  for those who do n't know , in turkey we have tons of strays in the street , including stray dogs and they 're both taken care of by the people of the neighbourhood . 
  the municipality also takes the animals , gives them their shots , tags them and then drops them off where they were picked up . 
  personally i really love the system , it makes me sad how in other countries they are impounded and then killed if no one takes them ... 
  let 's not forget the turkish van cat which almost always has [ heterochromia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/22/turkish_van_cat.jpg ) and also these cats [ love to swim ] ( http://purrfectcatbreeds.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/turkish-van-cat51.jpg ), 
  it is . 
  the laws still exist and can be enforced at any time . 
  [ eh ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4cfquv/how_western_is_turkey_are_majority_of_turks/d1huwxb ), 
  i 'm just the type of person that does n't like the karma ride , i like originality of comments . 
  everyone 's aware of the streisand effect here and it is posted multiple times in every thread about erdogan vs the german comedians . 
  actually this is pretty much what german law states is illegal . . 
  most european countries seem to have those laws but we get singled out due to confirmation bias stuff and people seem like they want to talk shit about us . 
  yes but we do , this was posted 50 times in every thread so far , at this point it has been a karma ride to post it . 
  we insult erdogan every day . 
  my grandmother spits at him every time she sees him on tv . 
  ( not actually spitting but an insulting tuh ! ), 
  beautiful !, 
  it makes me feel that nice sort of early morning calm just looking at it ... what is the meaning of torun ? 
  are n't you just heavily bias then if you hate turks and islam so much ? 
  to me there is a difference ... also theres 8k out now , i 'm excited about that !, 
  that 's our business . 
  if you do n't have a 4k screen you 're not going to see what it really is though . 
  we do n't let things like that get us down or else the terrorists win . 
  german turks do n't feel so turkish to us, 
  no one is going to point out the black guy ? 
  yep . 
  it 's ours now brother , hopefully all chocolate will be ours and everyone will love us because they love chocolate . 
  this post is so wrong . 
  that 's the charm of the istanbul market , that shit is n't really tolerated much elsewhere . 
  besides you 're expected to negotiate , if you do n't then it 's pretty much your fault you bought some overprice shit . 
  welcome to the club, 
  we are one and the same , friend . 
  damn it does n't seem worth explaining anything to you . 
  [ sure  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polonezk%c3%b6y ), 
   brazil : i do n't know , maybe because brazil defeated turkey twice in world cup 2002 ? 
  fucking [ rivaldooooo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiw0iprv1ro ), 
  i hate you . 
  `` oh daddy , i 've been a naughty girl and i need a spanking '' kinda naughty ? 
  that 's not what we think . 
  most people know their roots , if they 're anatolian . 
  from the caucasus , from the balkans , or even from central asia but heritage does n't play a big role for us , we are turks and that 's how we like it . 
  they 're for random little reasons like brazil just for [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiw0iprv1ro ) but when we actually meet brazilians its excitement to us and we have a lot of fun and like them a lot , turks are just dramatic, 
  how can you love anyone unless you love yourself ? 
  belgian chocolate is just the best that melts in your mouth . 
  i 'm glad a turkish company purchased godiva . 
  yum yum . 
  you earned our respect and so you deserve it . 
  you should also visit the polish village in turkey if you want to see some nice comfy environment and friendship . 
  what is he talking about , poland has never been partitioned !, 
  what , why ? 
  hell no it 's still a massive fucked up number imo, 
  that is still 480,000 which is a way too big of a number . 
  are you alright , you also sound mentally troubled and very very angry,
