  did he insult anyone by calling them an armenian ? 
  has he ever belittled armenians ? 
  he has n't insulted armenians at all and has actually been nicer to them . 
  did he insult anyone by calling them an armenian ? 
  has he ever belittled armenians ? 
  he has n't insulted armenians at all and has actually been nicer to them . 
  i 'm not defending erdogan , i hate him but i do n't like lies . 
  he 's enough things as it is , you do not need to exaggerate to hurt his image even more . 
  the more lies there are the more people can become sceptical of the truths . 
  keep things honest . 
  he did not use armenian as an insult , he did not insult anyone by calling them armenian or saying that people are armenian agents trying to take him down like he did with calling people terrorists or gulenists etc. 
  but it 's not . 
  you said he used it as an insult but he did not . 
  it 's not close to being the same thing . 
  he 's indicating that he does not like to be called things he 's not . 
  that 's not using it as an insult . 
  tell me how he used armenian as an insult here . 
   i supported gezi but in the end what happened ? 
  in the end pkk hijacked it made it about them and they were also waving commie flags so people stopped coming because it became a cause they did n't support, 
  no need for your victim complex here . 
  enough with this line , seriously . 
  it 's not fun reading the same comment [ over and over ] ( http://i.imgur.com/95lcuzj.png ) again . 
  dude you have the source you need , all the information you need is there . 
  if you do n't read it then do n't pretend it did n't happen . 
   copy paste from the link the relevant parts then and let 's see how they stand up under careful examination . 
  you have eyes . 
  read . 
       examples of those `` millions '' of europeans being cleansed and forced into turkey . 
  i gave a link earlier , did you ignore it ? 
   2 million is their population in turkey now , the population of turkey during the later half of the 19th century was around 20-30 million i guess and the circassians who went to turkey at the time were not more than a couple of hundreds of thousands . 
  almost everyone is assimilated now , do n't you realise that ? 
   muslims who enlisted in the occupier 's army and massacred christians . 
  what the fuck dude . 
  yeah nah i 'm going to stop bothering you , you 're going to ignore anything i say and you 're going to continue believing what you believe even if i gave you a million sources . 
  enjoy your bias . 
   no i ca n't , give examples . 
  examples of what ? 
   circassians are 2 million . 
  2 million makes up almost a fifth of the population of turkey at the time . 
   it 's ok to massacre people who massacre people , those people fell in that category like the nazi invaders . 
  are you serious ? 
  they were just muslim , they were n't going around massacring people , they were the same people as you who were of a different faith . 
  closer to say that the people doing the expelling were the nazis . 
  jews were seen as the outsiders just like the muslims were and then they were murdered . 
  you 're talking about the population exchange . 
  you can see from the earlier linked article that millions of people went from the balkans to turkey and there 's also others like from the circassia . 
   of course they were invaders , they sided with the occupying forces , the biggest part of the ottoman forces fighting the christian freedom fighters during the balkan war was from the balkans . 
  ugh why am i bothering with you . 
  you think it 's ok to massacre and exile people just because they are of a different faith . 
  you are disgusting . 
  nowhere near the truth . 
  you overestimate how big the population of anatolia was post wwi . 
  it was so tiny . 
  the majority was made up of people from the balkans and caucasus who were forced out of their lands and exiled . 
  this includes my own ancestors who were forced out of both areas . 
  they were just muslim and they were natives of the land . 
  not invaders as you so suggested . 
   hopefully he 'll get the same response as the turkish minister got in the netherlands . 
  that 's what they wanted to happen , they knew that 's what would happen and very well did it . 
  i fucking hate these freaks . 
  i got a piercing in my teens and when i stopped wearing an earring it closed up . 
  no evidence of a hole . 
  what a ridiculous post . 
  i do n't even want to dignify this with a response . 
  also nice post history , did you open this account just to shit talk turks and albanians ? 
  we eventually will , it 's just a matter of time . 
  post it !, 
  if we used the karamanid one it would leave people scratching their heads . 
  would be great . 
  what do you mean no ? 
  here are two examples . 
  [ one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims ) and [ two ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/circassian_genocide ) . 
   then they certainly did n't do a good job hundreds of thousands of turks were forced to leave bulgaria mere decades ago . 
  it 's always the same `` oh think of the children ! '', 
   except countries like turkey who simply cleansed theirs . 
  the population of turkey is made up of cleansed people . 
  so many of us were persecuted and forced out of our homelands and into anatolia . 
  you also gave an example of bulgaria as if they did n't wrongly exile people and forcefully assimilate them as well . 
  looks fine to me ? 
  they 're not banned , it 's just awareness for the parents . 
  do n't pretend that people in western countries were n't also concerned about influence of video games on children . 
  there 's a huge support from the [ government actually when it comes to making games ] ( http://www.turkeylovesindies.com/ ) so we 're pretty good on the game front . 
  he 's hated us since before then . 
  i never called anyone but nazis nazis . 
  that guy just hates turks . 
  well we have n't really done anything though but he just really hates us . 
  i think we 're aware that you personally really hate us . 
  do you have a reading disability ? 
  what is he doing that 's the best for turkey exactly ? 
  i 'm not burning turkey with molotov cocktails wtf are you even talking about ? 
  why would you support erdogan if you have half a brain ? 
  people were guessing his origin and they said he was probably armenian . 
  armenian is n't a swearword and i 've never heard it as such . 
  armenian spawn or anything-spawn has been used to just mean traitor though if you 're working for the agenda of that nation . 
  we do n't really care about armenians but we care about azerbaijan , that 's why there 's some problem . 
  [ happy ramadan and pride week from your local imam ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fzxqd9p.jpg ), 
   erdogan restarted the bombing campaign against kurds in turkey following a terrorist attack before even investigating who was behind the attack . 
  pkk ceased negotiations and wanted to fight again , they declared this and then they murdered police officers , this is where it started again . 
  you need to get your facts straight . 
  i 'm not indoctrinated by state propaganda .
