  he even has a massive [ ataturk portrait in his palace office ] ( http://image.cdn.haber7.com//haber/haber7/photos/dtfvb_1418188070_0836.jpg ), 
  she was obviously ill in her mind , it has nothing to do with being muslim . 
  what would the religion have to do with anything here ? 
  muslims do n't perform child sacrifices ... 
  lol i know very religious people that grow it supposedly because they like the way it looks . 
  we know they get high as fuck tho . 
  of course . 
  why would you say we did n't aid you though ? 
  of course , are you crazy ? 
  why would you make a statement like you did without actually googling ? 
  we were just visiting cousins is all . . 
  what are you talking about , we aided bosnia a lot in the 90s . 
  no we have never seen bosnia as old turkish land to reclaim , why would you assume such a thing ? 
  we encourage your independence and we want you to grow strong . 
  we call you guys bo\u015fnak , is it rude ? 
  thank you !, 
  i do n't think erdogan got them expelled himself , probably was n't aware of it . 
  i bet some people just do shit to appease him but he does n't even care . 
  who knows . 
  just for votes erdogan let pkk roam freely around and place weapons everywhere and prepare for the shit they recently pulled . 
  you seem to forget how we suffered for nearly 40 years from terrorists crossing the borders and attacking us , this border thing is not a new issue and it 's not easy to take care of at all , do you realise how long the borders are ? 
  also corruption is not an easy thing to deal with either ... 
  we 're almost entirely muslim but there 's the divide between erdoganist muslims and the rest of us . 
  they 're not super religious or anything but they vote for a corrupt shitty party because he mentions religion while the others do n't . 
  have you even seen [ this ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a1/turkishvocabulary.png/800px-turkishvocabulary.png ) turkey is n't a middle eastern country , turkey was a near eastern country and was in the same block as greece , it 's only the muslim factor which made turkey to be considered `` middle eastern '' . 
  also again , he did n't say what turkey was or was n't he said turkey should be treated as though it 's a mediterranean country which is true , you 're pretty much just calling turkey a special snowflake which it really is , but disregarding the muslim factor the country is most similar to its neighbour greece . 
  it 's called traffic . 
  history tied to middle east ? 
  how so ? 
  language has nothing to do with anything here . 
  you also did n't refute anything about what he said either , it 's true we are n't like a stereotype middle eastern country and we 're more similar to being stereotyped as a mediterranean country . 
  this does not mean `` plz axept usssss '' as you seem to understand for some reason . 
  what did he say ? 
  ankara was a tiny village with a population of 20-30 thousand, 
  well 9/11 is something distant enough that people make jokes about it anyways , these bombings just happened and immediately we get shit for it . 
  he did n't say that , do n't put words in his mouth . 
  besides he 's not wrong . 
  all the news is based around confirmation bias that 's why , everyone ignores everything about turkey unless its bad stuff , anything posted about turkey positively or that did n't fit the narrative was just downvoted and ignored . 
  also if you want to see it , [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdtq0yojtuc ) that 's the deputy speaking kurdish . 
  also here you can take a look at [ this , ] ( https://i.imgur.com/jcgzr2y.png ) often times we get harassing pms celebrating such things happening . 
  the peace process was broken by the pkk , not erdo\u011fan . 
  let 's just wait and see so i do n't have to bother finding old threads from months ago ( somehow ) to show you ... 
  either way fuck it does n't matter . 
  bad people exist everywhere , ca n't expect good nature from everyone . 
  when did i mention anything about an agenda ? 
  why are you implying my post means something other than it says ? 
  i never said we were being persecuted either , i do n't have a persecution complex but i saw it during our other attacks people saying that we deserve it so actually seeing this comment made me surprised . 
  i expected to see the same thing i saw for the other bombings . 
  get it ? 
  thank you for having a heart , sadly i 'm waiting to start hearing comments that pretty much say `` you deserved it '' like the other times we had attacks , it 's good to know there are still people that care ... 
  he was aiming it around on the bosphorus . 
   izmir is overrated . 
  true  adana has the best ~ ~ girls and boys ~ ~ kebab yes that is also true . 
  i fancy the people of eskisehir myself . 
  i 've actually never really been to eastern thrace , what 's it like over there ? 
  i agree with anibustr , other regions have better ones , izmir really is overrated, 
  one day hopefully soon erdogan will no longer exist and we can finally be free of him . 
  stay optimistic , brother . 
  eh people have been claiming our shit for years but we 're not too fussed . 
  besides , just look at [ this ] ( http://static6.businessinsider.com/image/5671415372f2c19c108b5e15-1409-1057/macedonia%20macedonians%20phalanges%20alexander%20the%20great.jpg ), 
  why does it matter ? 
  it 's just the name they gave themselves , they have the right to call themselves what they want . 
  it 's obviously the name of the country , it 's what they call themselves , you ca n't just put a different name on it cause you feel like it . 
  [ but it 's clearly macedonia . 
  fuck erdogan i get and agree but why fuck turkey ? 
  why do you hate my country ? 
  you mean macedonia ? 
  do n't cry because it 's over , smile because it happened . 
  yeah , i 'm well aware but i think everyone should leave the past to the past but for some reason everyone still wants revenge on turkey, 
  i 'm not really knowledged about the ira but i think so . 
  the pkk is a monster , it is to us what isis is to you , they 've done all the same shit before . 
  ypg is hated by extension because they 're just members of the pkk who when they cross the border they become ypg . 
  in case you 're wondering , we have many and have always had many kurdish members of parliament and even kurdish prime minsters and presidents . 
  alright . 
  one thing to be aware of is that people keep talking about `` turkey hates kurds '' is not true , people do n't understand the complexity of what has been happening in the last 40 years in turkey and everyone eats up all the propaganda against turkey for some reason . 
  there 's a lot of confirmation bias people seem to have on this site ... 
  he 's extremely repetitive and knows how to twist facts to suit what he wants to say, 
  what you and everyone else is missing is [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dxr9vea.png ), 
  do n't worry estonia , we 'll always have your back . 
  what do you think we 're using on the refugees ? 
  why are you bullshitting so hard ? 
  you 're being absolutely retarded . 
  besides , i thought you loved erdogan, 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  where did you get the idea that turkey was an apartheid state from ? 
  lol ... that was never ever an argument though on no level official , those people are just dumb but even so the last few years of the ottoman empire are resented , that 's why we love the republic so much , there 's a period in which we no longer want to associate with the ottomans but it 's not for anything we did it 's for the need of progression and how the ottomans were holding us back . 
  now i ca n't give my own opinions or explanations about the whole thing because / r/europe does n't allow free speech ... 
  no , that 's not true , when has anyone ever said `` no those were ottomans , we are turks '' ? 
  that has never been an argument towards the problem . 
  i ca n't believe how absorbed i got in this video , i found myself cheering for hakan . 
  we 've always been here you 've only taken note to us recently . 
  besides w4hammer has always been posting here and worldnews extensively . 
  thank you , have n't heard anything nice towards us in a long time . 
  canada is a great country btw , thank you so much for your maple syrup , it 's my favourite . 
   yet the oil trade with isis ... no problem ? 
  oh fuck off with that already , we 're not dealing with isis oil and we 're against isis . 
  russia apparently ca n't even afford a working radio and a proper gps system for its aircrafts lmao, 
  besides all the machinery , men etc is the cost of the war , a war with russia would leave them in ruins and basically fuck themselves over as they fight a war they can not afford . 
  so bending over and allowing russia to have its way is what everyone should do ?
