  why did you quote turkic ? 
  they are turkic . 
  erdogan is georgian though . 
  also no he did n't really say much , he does n't really care about them . 
  erdogan could n't give less of a shit about anyone but himself, 
  you 're really obsessed with us , huh ? 
  not really , this guy really does n't like anyone . 
  the only people he 's never had a problem with were the chinese i think and they persecute our cousin people . 
  erdogan literally does n't see anyone as his ally . 
  wait what ? 
  are you under the impression that our borders are closed and people are n't allowed to leave ? 
  they really went to work though so they 're in that mentality of being suspended from home , not living in a new homeland . 
   dislike for erdogan regime = / = dislike for turks . 
  i 'm glad you can understand the difference . 
  god i hope he goes away im so tired of him, 
  ankara is very easy to defend from an invading force though, 
  i have never heard of any backlash or celebration of the birth of mohammed before . . 
  it 's not that recent but it should give people a good idea , that 's why i think it 's worth translating . 
  the picture and post it there , i understand it ofc . 
  i think you 'd translate better than i can . 
  it 's important people are informed too imo . . 
  do you want to translate [ this ? 
  the thing is this is woman vs miss/ms . 
  i 'd rather be polite . . 
  aw wish i had the name, 
  who was it ? 
  it really is odd though , it 's just sir/miss/madame just a regular polite way of saying things , this is very silly imo ... 
  what 's being taken away ? 
  what scholars say he was slavic and greek ? 
  this is quite accurate , due to the hostility towards us we really started to dislike the eu . 
   he is of slavic/greek descent . 
  not true . 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  we 've been a great ally . 
  it 's really the much older people , the younger people in the country are quite normal weighted or fit . . 
  to be fair though in turkey it 's really the older people who are like that , the younger people are usually pretty normal weighted . 
  what the fuck are you talking about, 
  that 's exactly it . 
  having to clear things up is frustrating because it 's like defending the people we hate . 
  nothing much , life goes on as usual you know how it is . 
  how about for you ? 
  where can i see this law, 
  i do n't know what that 's supposed to mean . 
  is it legal to fly flags of terrorists in belgium ? 
  how is n't it considered illegal if it 's considered a terrorist flag ? 
  by number of votes he lost marginally . 
  i 'd rather he just die from `` illness '' or his cancer so he does n't become a martyr . 
  i also wish he would just fuck off . 
  what do you mean ? 
  what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  what is the difference when both are flags of terrorists ( accepted to be terrorist flags in europe too . ), 
  would the same be said and done if it were isis flags around the place ? 
  anyone else thought the thumbnail was spider-man slinging his web ? 
  he 's probably read some youtube comments . 
  makes me think that even if turkey was right in the centre it would from some technically still be excluded . 
  he was born there , he has turkmen ancestry too , many turks lived in the balkan , does n't make them all slavs . 
  ironic ? 
  i do n't think that 's the word you 're looking for . 
  ataturk said he was a turk , erdogan is pretty much against anything turkishness stands for and i 've never seen him consider himself a turk , he just considers himself a muslim . 
  ataturk was n't a balkan slav though . 
  of course you can say anything you want to i merely wanted a reason however i also find just trash talking really stupid , i believe people should be constructive , there 's no need to just straight up piss people off just because you can imo . 
  if you 're talking about getting down voted on / r/turkey then people took you as an akp supporter . 
  either way , how will insulting people make them gain thick skin ? 
  erdogan of course . 
  it 's ok to shittalk erdogan is what i 'm saying . 
  i do n't care if he trash talks him . 
  i trash talk him the guy is a monkey with a machine gun . 
  he does n't care about turkey , everything is only in his interest ; does n't even consider himself a turk ( well he is georgian ) and hates everything turks stand for . 
  op 's post history indicates agenda pushing with anything he can including sketchy and unreliable sources . 
  well why do you trash talk us ? 
  what caused the change ? 
  we have both , it 's a good balance really . 
  do n't forget the smilie faces :-), 
  what about kelvin ? 
  turkey is a scratching post with a little toy attachedfor the cat to play with . 
  she 's drinking rak\u0131 . 
  i 'd like to think that this is more [ turkey in a nutshell ] ( http://i.imgur.com/twjzj8w.jpg ) or even [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wmm6gwh.jpg ), 
  that guy 's not greek , he 's kurdishnationalist/helpasaddoge/goodphotos with his different account , this time he 's posting with a greek flair instead of his usual kurdish one . 
  i did n't say he was n't the devil , i 'm saying as frustrating as it is i just ca n't blame the people , they do n't know any better because of how his media twists everything in his favor . 
  you do n't count the fact that he cheats and also lies to the people , they think he 's different than you see him because that 's all they know , before him people were waiting in line for gas and bread and now they do n't so they think it 's cause of him even though it 's not . 
  he 's a lucky man who had everything align perfectly for him that made him seem like a godsend . 
  do n't forget he cheats every election . 
  that is gold , thank you . 
  what 's the relevance ? 
  not arguing here . 
  i myself never liked restaurant ayran , just make it yourself at home . 
  all you need is yoghurt , water and salt and keep adding until you find a consistency you find delicious . 
  it 's not sour milk , it 's yoghurt , water and salt . 
  it 's not our soft drink , uludag gazoz is . 
  if a country has a big enough population and big enough landmass they start to differ . 
  ethnicity \u025b\u03b8\u02c8n\u026as\u026ati / noun noun : ethnicity ; plural noun : ethnicities the fact or state of belonging to a social group that has a common national or cultural tradition . 
  why are n't you using the kurdish flag anymore ? 
  erdogan himself is n't doing it though , is he ? 
  people think they can appease him like this . 
  a blog ? 
  really ? 
  so what is the difference though ? 
  people are n't actually aware of whatever their origin was . 
  in the end is n't everyone assimilated over so many years ?
