  i do n't see how it 's hateful at all , it 's definitely not hate speech , you just deny it because you do not believe the other side 's facts and believe the other side only ignores all your facts . 
  what do you mean ? 
  victim ? 
  people who went through devsirme are definitely not victims and also the numbers of that are n't so high anyway , they do n't make up much of anything . 
  also i 'm talking about the peoples ' conversions , not selective conversions . 
  soundslike you really just ca n't stand the thought that some of us converted and ended up moving to anatolia, 
  that makes no sense, 
  so many did though . 
  this is n't hate speech . 
  you 're not seriously claiming that barely any greeks converted are you ? 
  the karamanids turkified everyone who was under them . 
  also still plenty of greeks became turks and that 's true , as if you do n't know that . 
  not to mention all the greeks and turks in population exchanges so you received plenty of christian anatolians and we received even more muslim greeks . 
  sign language , common words , phrasebooks/dictionaries of their languages, 
  anatolia was even greek and so many people come straight from greece too including some of my own family, 
  yes and no , kurdish minority is still smaller but yes it is quite large but what 's your point ? 
  turkey has been wanting cyprus to meet an agreement and become one country again . 
  that 's still quite a large minority . 
  that really is the case though , among other people of the balkans and caucasus . 
  what about crimea being filled with tatars before ? 
  was n't it ethnic cleaning as well as they were removed and replaced ? 
   light-years measurement of distance , not time, 
   would mean admitting that the ottoman empire was n't so great all the time . 
  we already learn that the last decade of the ottoman empire is shit and that 's why turkey had to be founded to get rid of the muck up of the young turks which were all seen as treasonous traitors . 
  nice freedom of speech law you got there, 
  the turkish flag actually has very very strict laws , you actually ca n't have it on a tshirt or anything other than its designated flag , it 's all illegal . 
  wait what ? 
  what ? 
  oh , well , [ here you go  ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=weeb ), 
  i do use social media and messaging apps and i 've found that only really teens and girls use them , also guys when talking to girls ... 
  i guess also weebs , if you fit any of these categories than that 's normal . 
   xd  :p people still use these ? 
  i thought only teens and girls used them, 
  oh no we do not like our turds , the toilets just clogged and we ca n't get rid of it . 
  you guys sure do like your turds, 
  i dont know anything about de gaulle so i have no idea what you really mean ... 
  wait so you actually know ataturk did n't massacre non turks right ? 
  tak is pkk , it 's their wing to do civilian attacks with to make sure that it 's said that tak did it without any need for mention of pkk . 
   but massacred about everyone not turk what ? 
  that 's much appreciated , 
  it 's what we 've been doing to isis members and pkk . 
  you can see [ this ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-puts-travel-ban-on-12500-foreign-fighters.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=80908 ) and not to mention how even the people who conducted the terror attacks in belgium were beforehand arrested and deported from turkey twice with warnings that these people are with isis and they were just ignored and ended up attacking . 
  yes , your point ? 
  why ? 
  they 're saying the people killed will never die , that 's actually very nice imo . 
   i wo n't cry for turkey , the day they provided help to islamic terrorism was the limit for me . 
  that 's not true , we 've been fighting them , deporting them , jailing them and shelling them for years now . 
  holy shit what nice guys, 
  you know that villages mostly married with people of near by villages to strengthen ties etc and hardly within the same village . 
  even if you 're all from the very same village and never marry anyone outside the village if the village is big enough you can avoid ever inbreeding , i forgot the exact number it was something like 32 ... 
  speak for yourself , peasant . 
  besides you 're really wrong about what you said ... 
  they were bood because they did n't give a minute of silence for turkish attacks then either . 
  very nice gesture , i really appreciate it thank you . 
  there 'd be better control if we worked together . 
  turkey is a european country . 
  if anything would n't the proximity be better with full control of the border and area for you ? 
  turkey is a european country though , 
  yes but for some reason conservative is ok but when it comes to islam it 's horrible i do n't get it . 
  why is that our best option ? 
  they 're literally a bargaining chip and that 's good enough for us at this stage , i really do hope we send them over to you guys and get rid of them though, 
  so you 're saying no kurds are kurds ? 
  well no one is considering it due to the attacks being non stop against us with so many people being killed , we do n't want to suddenly stop and go `` ok ok you win here take your land '' now do we ? 
  if they quit and disband and turn themselves in then there 's something to bring to the table and discuss . 
  so you 're saying since kurdish people have no homeland that they do n't exist ? 
  no , forming kurdistan means the terrorists win and it should only be done politically instead of just being done with it . 
  ahahahaa the children really must have seen her as a witch . 
  it 's shocking to us a lot of the time how misconceptions still exist and so strongly towards turkey despite the fact that millions of us are in europe and around 40 million come to turkey every year and for example people still think turkey is a desert when it really is n't ( simple example unrelated to culture but it really shows how strong ignorance stays for some reason despite actual experience of so many people . ), 
  yeah i get that but why milk snatcher i do n't know much of what she 's done so i do n't know if it 's a rhyme or if she stole milk or something heh, 
  i did n't say that but he 's not an islamist he is a conservative populist . 
  he 's been in power for 14 years and all he 's done is allow veils in university . 
  turkey is literally islamic state now . 
  there 's still growth really some things are a bit shaky but in general its pretty alright and its been so many years since a crisis so yeah people just are afraid of change . 
  about isis i doubt there was really anything , i mean i have n't seen any evidence of anything so i believe in innocence until proven guilty more on this , i see it more as anti-erdogan/turkey sensationalism of allegations and not any proof at all which i find quite annoying . 
  well yeah , you can read from the wiki page here 's a thing i have copied from another reddittor honour killing and genital mutilation : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7doej7nook http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/mar/17/broken-dream-iraqi-kurdistan http://www.nytimes.com/2010/11/21/world/middleeast/21honor.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0 http://www.rferl.org/content/female_genital_mutilation_said_to_be_widespread_in_iraqs_irans_kurdistan/1507621.html http://www.biomedcentral.com/1471-2458/13/809 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honor_killing  a july 2008 turkish study by a team from dicle university on honor killings in the southeastern anatolia region , the predominantly kurdish area of turkey , has so far shown that little if any social stigma is attached to honor killing . 
  it also comments that the practice is not related to a feudal societal structure , `` there are also perpetrators who are well-educated university graduates . 
  of all those surveyed , 60 percent are either high school or university graduates or at the very least , literate . '', 
  plenty of secular people vote for him too . 
  some people like conservative values , others like economic stability , others like the way he talks to other nations like a big man etc. 
  there 's many reasons but for some reason you guys think people vote for him because he is literally isis, 
   no , you are posting clearly without any real knowledge , i was surprised at how much bullshit you could squeeze out your mouth onto the keyboard . 
  wow this post is fucking cringy as fuck, 
   so you want to loose out on the money we give you to keep them there , as well as the 3 billion euros we give you in aid every year ? 
  it costs us way more to look after them than you give us at all . 
  this is going to fuck you guys more than it fucks us . 
  we do n't want to deal with refugees you can deal with them . 
  we held them for long enough , time for you to take up some of the burden you feared so much . 
   no respect for the human rights ?? 
  they were there as workers, 
   armenian genocide recognition coverage makes that very clear . 
  are you an idiot ? 
  almost the entirety of the country is against armenian genocide recognition in fact the opposition against erdogan more so and were furious at erdogan for even apologising about it a few years ago . 
  why do you hate us ? 
  he was being sarcastic because the kurds in turkey are anything but what he or the other guy said . 
  why is being a conservative being an islamist ? 
  are you saying the only reason people go to other countries is so they can do things they ca n't in their own country ? 
   those who we want tend to get in anyway . 
  yeah but the 2 week wait is annoying , unnecessary and insulting . 
  milk snatcher ? 
  no , you are posting clearly without any real knowledge , i was surprised at how much bullshit you could squeeze out your mouth onto the keyboard .
