  what do you mean by political prisoners ? 
  people who were spreading propaganda for the pkk and got jailed for it ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  we are yet to see the evidence for helping isis either . 
  why ca n't you hope that it 's wrong ? 
  i 'd rather hope that my government is n't committing crimes , you seem to hope that they are committing crimes . 
  why do you want to hate turkey ? 
  you seem too eager to hate on turkey, 
  they want 1/4th of the country and also if we give them land that means terrorists win . 
  the news article is n't about europe at all , the mention of turkey is hardly relevant for it to be on / r/europe, 
  do n't spread misinformation , the ceasefire was broken when the pkk killed police officers and announced the end to the ceasefire . 
  people do n't understand that sort of humour here on reddit . 
  i 'm guessing water levels had a lot to do with how different areas such as thrace looked, 
  why was it so hard it 's really simple, 
  [ `` welcome ladies and gentlemen '' ] ( http://imgur.com/9jojaki ), 
  there is only one man who can stop him , [ could our enemy also be our hero ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpi3f-ntdvg ), 
  that turkish guy 's failed assassination was one of the most movie like things i 've ever seen in my life , it was crazy ( and awesome cause he survived it ) . 
  i 'm sorry those guys fuck with you but at the same time i 'm kinda not cause of the whole exile business + supporting pkk . 
  i still like bulgaria tho , got nothing against you and hope the turkish mobs stop being criminals , 
  because you noted that this is an honest question i upvote you or else i would have downvoted you , there are way too many smarmy uninformed posters who are plainly ignorant and rude , you seem to want to understand the question so it 's okay and the downvotes you have are unwarrented . 
  i 'm so bored i felt like explaining that to you , anyway : the pkk had a truce with turkey but they broke the truce by announcing it and then killing two police officers , since then they killed more and kidnapped more people so turkey is bombing pkk in north iraq , not northern iraqi kurds who are our allies . 
  nah , turkish army is huge , it can deal with isis and pkk at once , there is no need for focus . 
  who was killed in a false flag operation ? 
  i did n't assume you were american , nor did i assume you meant america when you said `` us '' . 
  they are bombing pkk , that 's different to what you have with iran , they 're terrorists killing our civilians and recently our police officers and announcing and end to the ceasefire , so we 're attacking them . 
  being against pkk does n't mean we side with isis either , nor does it mean turkey hates kurds or anything , turkey is allied with krg and peshmerga so relax . 
  also why did you delete your post ? 
  he 's a conservative populist . 
  are you serious ? 
  turkey is built on secularism , it 's literally a part of the constitution . 
  the problem is not their ideology , the problem is that they kill our citizens , police and military . 
  yeah , it 's good news . 
  you seem like someone with no grasp on the situation . 
  do n't you see the title ? 
  turkey and the us are doing this together . 
  what would make turkey not aligned with you ? 
  the invasion was legal , occupation was not . 
  it 's to flex power and show that despite us being in the east we are n't weak in the west or anywhere else , my guess anyway . 
  are n't we supposed to be the heathens ? 
  why do you guys have the saying `` smoking like a turk '' when clearly we are smoking like you !, 
  sadly , we 're used to it, 
  cinema paradiso , it 's one of my favourite movies ever . 
  but currently there is no need for more churches in istanbul , we do n't have many christians but we are abundant in churches in istanbul . 
  we have been building/have built a church for syrian refugees though . 
  am i wrong ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for building churches so long as people need them . 
  we do n't need more fucking mosques in turkey though , we have more than enough . 
  jeez dude , there has been no fucking proof of turkey aiding isis in any way , all there have been is hearsay and people set that as proof . 
  there 's no evidence that turkey let isis cross the border or anything , isis has been crossing from points throughout the massive border between syria and turkey , not checkpoints . 
  oh fuck not you again edit : to the people downvoting me , this guy is just impossible to argue with . 
  i 'd say it was more turkish intervention rather than invasion . 
  the intervention was just , the occupation is not so much legal . 
  that is some really dumb logic there man . 
  probably not . 
  one of the main reasons we do n't fight isis is because there could be a lot of their supporters from other countries laying about and we 're afraid they 're pretty much `` sleeper agents '' who may start setting off bombs when we attack them . 
  [ turkey has always been blacklisting people and deporting them ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-puts-travel-ban-on-12500-foreign-fighters.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=80908 ) but lately there has been a much larger emphasis on crack downs and then this happens which is worrying . 
  i hear a holiday in kosovo costs a kidney, 
  iran : kidney i fear of organ harvest, 
  one of the hits in turkey is a song made for a coke ad https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0grjfaucwa kinda cracks me up, 
  damn it i saw pm ... oops . 
  i should pay more attention , was just eager to share these funny things anyway , just enjoy what i 've posted , i 'll see myself out . 
  [ turkish prime minister erdogan giving a speech as a giant hologram ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caa-uehkbde ) [ erdogan builds a 1100 room palace with a golden toilet ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/images/news/201412/n_75082_1.jpg ) [ erdogan hosts guests while boasting warriors from all eras of turkic dynasties through history ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9p4shov.jpg ) [ erdogan also claims muslims were the first to find america ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/nov/16/muslims-discovered-america-erdogan-christopher-columbus )  `` it is alleged that the american continent was discovered by columbus in 1492 , '' erdogan said . 
  `` in fact , muslim sailors reached the american continent 314 years before columbus , in 1178 . '' i 'm sorry guys but erdogan wins . 
  i 'm loving the banter in this thread . 
  it 's alright , we all make mistakes , we ca n't be expected to constantly be alert . 
  i did n't say it was false , i 'm just saying there 's a lot of maths involved in the religion itself , there 's mathematical calculations of days etc. 
  some things are done in different days because turks and arabs calculate the religion differently . 
  it 's really interesting because then turks mock arabs for their bad maths and vice versa , it 's fun . 
  it is n't . 
  it 's very simple , you go to the people who issue your id , ask to get it off , it 's gone . 
  the only hard part is the fact that we are too lazy to do it . 
  it 's not really rude at all , more people than you would think joined this way , others requested outright to join the empire and so they did . 
  you also got ta remember turks were with the mongols and when the mongols asked for surrender they 'd be brutal if no one did , this is a bit of remnant from those days possibly but other states have probably done this too . 
  in turkey you 're not punished for not believing or anything but when you are born you are counted as a muslim unless you state otherwise . 
  this is why the muslim statistic in turkey is at 99.6 % of the total population while the remaining 0.4 % are christians and jews . 
  in reality the number is significantly less . 
  islam actually does have a lot of mathematics, 
  islam is practically a game , you gain points for praying and fasting and they add up for your after life and the better you do the more lofty afterlife is iirc, 
  now that 's just sad, 
  some soup was possibly spilled . 
  the letter written to the cossacks was very polite and formal , i would say you 're wrong . 
   as the sultan ; son of muhammad ; brother of the sun and moon ; grandson and viceroy of god ; ruler of the kingdoms of macedonia , babylon , jerusalem , upper and lower egypt ; emperor of emperors ; sovereign of sovereigns ; extraordinary knight , never defeated ; steadfast guardian of the tomb of jesus christ ; trustee chosen by god himself ; the hope and comfort of muslims ; confounder and great defender of christians -- i command you , the zaporozhian cossacks , to submit to me voluntarily and without any resistance , and to desist from troubling me with your attacks . 
  you should have said : dies and burns into ashes only to be reborn like a phoenix . 
  who is it ? 
  flag checks out, 
  what are the first and third ones ? 
  i know the second one is joan of ark, 
  i do n't get it , but i 've seen erdogan 's name being terribly butchered here like `` ergadunar '', 
  this has pretty much literally always happened , no one really cares anymore except for non turks and non greeks it seems . 
  it 's fucking real !, 
  he 's i think the only politician who has done this !, 
  first tupac , then some vocaloids and next comes fucking erdogan !, 
  though this is a satirical article , the name mentione , [ lag\u00e2ri hasan \u00c7elebi ] ( http://imgur.com/i9rvuty ) really did exist and really did do the first rocket flight . 
   lag\u00e2ri hasan \u00c7elebi was a legendary ottoman aviator who , according to a sole account written by traveller evliya \u00c7elebi , made a successful manned rocket flight . 
  evliya \u00c7elebi purported that in 1633 , lagari hasan \u00c7elebi launched in a 7-winged rocket using 50 okka ( 140 lbs ) of gunpowder from sarayburnu , the point below topkap\u0131 palace in istanbul . 
  the flight was said to be undertaken at the time of the birth of sultan murad iv 's daughter . 
  as evliya celebi wrote , lagari proclaimed before launch `` o my sultan !, 
  be blessed , i am going to talk to jesus !, 
  '' ; after ascending in the rocket , he landed in the sea , swimming ashore and reporting `` o my sultan !,
