  which i said was n't true . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  it 's turkey in question here , no one will ever take anything with a pinch of salt with us , we 're the eternal bad guys . 
  for the first time i see this song being downvoted instead of upvoted by 50 people, 
   bulgaria still has a significant turkish minority . 
  so it 's okay that hundreds of thousands of them were killed right ? 
  alright man i gotcha . 
  they were there for half a god damn millennia , does n't that bother you at all ? 
  that 's 500 years !, 
  and what about the natives that converted also who were living there as long as the others were ? 
  how can someone be blamed for their ancestor 500 years ago settling in that land anyway ? 
  500 years man , that 's almost 17 generations ( if we go by a generation being 30 years ) , it is n't justifiable in the slightest no matter how much you hated your `` invader '', 
  can this really compare ? 
  one is hundreds of thousands of turks living and minding their own business suddenly getting attacked and butchered the others are people who actively collaborated on a personal level with nazis . 
  other than that , i do n't have input to give on what happened with those people , it 's not my place to talk about them because i 'm not fully informed on what they did and how they were punished either . 
   after generations of brainwashing , you mean ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm hella cool with what my ancestors did , they got into powerful positions and did some damn fine stuff for the empire . 
  should n't the people complaining about this system be the ones who `` suffered '' ? 
  if that 's the case then i have the right to speak more so than those who were n't subject to `` cruelty '' . 
  `` slavery '' in the ottoman empire is nothing like it was in the west . 
   really ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  stealing children from their parents , mutilating them and forcefully converting them to islam is a good thing ? 
  it 's not really stealing , they 're not kidnapped in the dead of night or anything they 're taken or often given and compensated for . 
  mutilating ? 
  what ? 
  forceful conversion is eh i do n't have much understanding of how terrible conversion can be , it does n't seem like a big deal for me . 
  but think of all the benefits , education , wealth , power , status , women ( or men ) . 
  you become an elite of a huge empire and have so much power even more so than the sultan . 
  it is unreasonable though , killing so many civilians is n't ok at all . 
  erdogan actually was really pro gay rights etc he promised some good things for the lgbt people . 
  you 're saying it 's okay to kill so many people because they killed some over 500 years ? 
  also , do you have sources for the atrocities over 500 years ? 
   they were subjected to the worst injustices imaginable , including the forced enslavement of their children under the dev\u015firme system you make this sound so much worse than it is in fact i view it as something really good and who better to defend such a thing than the descendant of a few people who went through that system ? 
  i always found it a bit odd that it 's the people who were n't subject to the system that complains about this while the ones that went through it and now live in turkey are just fine with it . 
  also can you really say that the tax was highly discriminatory ? 
  it 's just a tax for non-muslims ... 
  i 'm not really going to get more into the other stuff you said though , at this point i guess i ca n't be bothered . 
  i did n't really understand this sentence . 
  also if what he says is factually false then that answer is wrong . 
  i do n't think that 's idiotic nationalism , he 's actually putting kurds at equal level to turks and he 's accepting them as one of his own . 
   also when kobani was under attack , and turkey refused to help but simply blocked the borders . 
  i did n't realise taking in , sheltering , feeding , and taking care of 300,000 people was not helping . 
  you 've linked the short version of the picture , here 's the [ longer one ] ( https://s.instela.com/m/bu-kadar-gulecek-ne-vardi--i625724-600.jpg ) translation ( left side ) : `` this is the true mustafa kemal . 
  in 1911 he was martyred at tripolitania . 
  as you can see on the picture on the left he has a tame religious beard and he 's using miswak . 
  he 's a deeply religious ottoman officer . '', 
  right side : `` after 1911 a jewish businessman yossi kohen was introduced and shown to be ataturk . 
  he himself is a mason and every opportunity he found he would shave and he was always laughing . 
  what was there to always laugh about ? '', 
  this is of course a huge meme now with thousands of pictures of people parodying this such as [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/v79zmvh.png ) with jake whateverhislastnameis which is essentially the same thing but different twists . 
  those are turkmen not turks, 
   and is the ` turk ' whose mother tongue is kurdish , allowed to learn kurdish in school ? 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-18410596 ), 
  thank you , 
  jeez will you guys ever stop just calling them `` the kurds '' ? 
  also no , turkey has been working against isis the whole time but a lot got through the gigantic incredibly long borders . 
  lol i 've bought my vodka from the store attached to the mosque ... yeah nice hearsay my friend i really would take that with a grain of salt . 
  i remember that retarded post too , some people really exaggerate the situation which is n't that way at all . 
  when i search i only see that others are accusing them of being neo-ottoman , not them describing themselves that way , it seems to be that way due to how much power and influence they seem to want to have over other countries . 
  in the 13-14 years they 've been in power all they 've done is really allow wearing the headscarf in universities ... 
  there was no indicator of that , anything pointing to oil from isis was debunked it 's only rt with its propaganda news that say it . 
  islamist how so ? 
  being conservative is n't being an islamist . 
  supporting terrorism abroad ? 
  do you have proof of this ? 
  you ca n't post rt or hearsay either, 
  how so ? 
   source for that please , because unless i 'm misremembering the plane was warned that it was `` close '' to turkish air space but only entered it for a short amount of time . 
  how could you forget , this is pretty much what the whole issue was about people thought turkey said the jet was in turkish airspace for 5 minutes before shooting it down and people learned it was actually 17 seconds but the thing is for 10 times in 5 minutes the jet was warned that it was approaching turkish airspace and to change the heading south immediately but they were ignored and that 's why when the jet crossed into turkish airspace it was shot down . 
  go search it up if you like , the turkish military released the audio for that stuff long ago , mind you commercial airliners and also people with their own planes heard the broadcast all the way from even lebanon , there was n't an excuse that the russians did n't hear it besides having their radios off . 
   that matters very little . 
  i already said that legally they were perfectly right to shoot down the su-24 . 
  it is still hypocritical . 
  it was n't hypocritical , they said `` alright anything from now on gets shot down '' and it was shot down , there 's nothing wrong here . 
   while unknown , it is relatively easy to establish which nation it belongs to . 
  the 2 aircraft were also conducting operations close to the border for a while , which means that turkey most likely contacted nato allies and had a pretty clear picture as to whom these jets belonged to . 
  not really , no . 
  you sound more like you 're using your imagination more than anything here . 
  it did n't matter what plane it was , the rules of engagement were : `` cross into turkish airspace from syria and you are a hostile jet and we will shoot you down . '', 
  which is exactly what they did . 
   your link is also broken . 
  it 's not that easy i 'm afraid since turkey refuses to submit flight plans while citing icao charter 1948 ( which is outdated ) and greece citing later added regulations . 
  it 's not broken , there 's a . 
  missing because i 'm not allowed to post the full link as my post is removed , use your eyes to see where you need to fix the link . 
   the jet was in turkish airspace between 10 and 17 seconds sounds like you 're not aware of the 5 minutes before the jet intruded into turkish airspace . 
   how can turkey criticise syria for shooting down one of their jets and call it a `` short-term border violation can never be pretext for an attack ! '', 
  yet do the same thing ? 
  because the rules of engagement changed [ a few years ago ] ( http://security.blogs.cnn.com/2012/06/26/turkey-changing-rules-of-engagement-after-syria-incident/ ) for those borders because it was very dangerous after that incident . 
  it 's impossible that it was done for political gain considering it was unknown what nation 's aircraft it was so do n't try to fit that in there . 
  that 's if you can call what turkey is doing violations of airspace due to flying in signed and agreed upon airspace . 
  this is from 2012 http://web archive.org/web/20130830071145/http://www.tsk.tr/11_haberler_olaylar/11_2_hava_ihlalleri/hava_sahasi_ihlalleri_2012.htm, 
  definitely , but people are always quick to assume the worst is true, 
  hell no , people assume it 's just turkey terrorising poor little greece . 
  if you want an explanation [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/43ewm0/turkey_says_russia_violated_its_airspace_bbc_news/cziaicq ), 
  i remember in turkey when i was a kid everyone was horrified , there was no celebration at all . 
  i remember people talking about how nuts the arabs were with their islam and how we were one of the few sane muslims ... that day was really tragic and scary though ... 
  trip ? 
  i was talking about how people in general are totally unaware of the fact that greece also violates our airspace .
