  respect towards parents is a big thing for us because we 're family oriented but we insult each others mothers and fathers casually laughingly too but yeah , we respect our parents . 
  never seen a fight caused by insulting anyone 's parents before though but people just do n't really do such an insult . 
  it makes sense that turks use that insult cause insults work and sound different for different people , `` fuck you '' is n't really a usable insult in turkish , no one really uses the equivalent . 
   there was recently a case where a turkish guy stabbed his higly pregnant girlfriend in the belly , poured petrol over her and then burned her alive . 
  the reason : the family thought that a baby from a german is against their `` honour '' . 
  she even converted to islam . 
  cowardly stabbing and burning some helpless woman with your baby in the womb is legit for the `` honour '' ... 
  while this might be an extreme example , i am pretty sure that turks have this weird concept of `` honour '' that somewhat puts them above the filthy germans . 
  i am pretty sure that the above case would never take place the other way around , ethnically . 
  why is that ? 
  lol what the fuck , link to article ? 
  that 's obviously not fucking normal dude . 
  what kind of honour is it to kill your pregnant gf and her/your unborn baby ? 
  this has nothing to do with honour . 
   or just look at this whole concept of honour-killings , where people kill their own family members ( mostly daughters ) because they did not want to obey the patriarch and therefore would stain the family 's `` honour '' . 
  honour killings are not a part of turkish culture , honour killings are only really done by the kurds in the south east with some cases in the west due to kurdish migration . 
  you can go read about it on wikipedia if you like . 
   i do n't want these kinds of `` traditions '' here . 
  neither do we , we 're trying to stop them from doing such things . 
   wherever they come from , i do n't want more of them here . 
  we do n't want them either , they 're nothing like us . 
   cases of men that refuse to shake hands with women , cases of women that want the right to wear their veiling in the workplace and everywhere ( there recently was a case of a woman that refused to take off her whole-body-veiling in court , not a turkish one i think , though ) . 
  caterers for companies have to offer halal food . 
  why bring up non-turkish examples ? 
  men not shaking womens hands is weird i have only seen it like once but he was a very religious man and i just shrugged it off . 
  for catering it makes sense , i do n't really think there 's anything wrong with requesting halal food when it 's all you can really eat honestly i mean i eat pork so whatever but does n't it seem wrong to alienate a guy and not consider him for his ideals ? 
  like what about vegetarians or vegans or people who have a need for gluten free diets ? 
  you are really complaining about prayer rooms too ? 
  seems so unnecessary it 's just like one room for them who cares . 
  how much do you know about the mosques though ? 
  what 's the problem with sermons not being in german ? 
   we ca n't even publish satiric comics anymore , because it is quite possible that you might get murdered then . 
  if you would dare to sell them in your shop or read them in public you would likely get attacked too . 
  has this ever happened ? 
  we do satirical comics in turkey but no one 's been killed for it ever i believe . 
   for everything we do we have to consider that we might hurt the feelings of some minority , even though it used to be the most normal thing here . 
  do you know that a certain comedian was not only reported by thousands of turks to the police but is under physical threat for his insulting poem ? 
  i can hardly imagine that this would happen with any other nation . 
  that 's your pussy state 's problem though , people have a right to complain and be outraged it 's very normal in any society for anything . 
  i 've never heard about the `` certain comedian '' was under physical threat . 
  do you have proof that he was under threat and being reported by thousands of turks ? 
  to me it seems like you 're fabricating some things honestly . 
  i do n't believe in a lot of your complains and even if they were real it 's things totally alien to us in the first place , if you 've ever been to anywhere in turkey besides the south east and a couple of the central anatolian provinces you 'd understand this too . 
   have you ever been in a country like germany with a big turkish community ? 
  yes . 
  i do n't even recognise a lot of the people i 've seen in germany as turkish they 're so different to us . 
  we do n't like them . 
   they have a tendency to solve conflicts violently and every time they see their `` honor '' offended . 
  when did that happen ? 
   and do n't tell me i am over-generalizing , we have folks from other countries too that are by far not as problematic . 
  free movement for about 70 million of that kind ? 
  no , thanks !, 
  you are though , those people you have are so different from us we call them `` almanci '' which means something like `` germaners '' they 're scummy people descended of eastern anatolian peasants and are very different to most of country . 
   this `` turkish-honour '' is an interesting thing anyway : making demands from the country you live in and from is totally ok , but even learning the language is obviously to much . 
  what demands are you talking about ? 
  we are supporting the syrian turkmen who the trucks were actually going to and have been going to though and some consider them terrorists because they 're against the syrian government but we do n't consider them terrorists . 
   you had to `` defend yourself '' when another commenter implied that turks were n't white actually no , it was really a question if he really assumed that that set the standard . 
   you went through my comment history to find this comment , and claim i was offended about the post , despite the fact that i commented this before i even came across that other post . 
  no i came to this thread cause it was relevant with turkey and i posted here before i even saw your comment which i wanted to give a tongue in cheek reply to to give you a wink wink wave to say `` hey , it 's me again look at us running into each other ''  in fact , if you were going to be that creepy , you could have scrolled down a bit more to find my comment from just two days ago , once again proving that the only person who cares about race here is you . 
  i do n't really care , i ca n't be bothered clicking that . 
   have you considered seeing a therapist about this ? 
  seems very unusual to dedicate large amounts of time to make sure everybody knows you are white . 
  i could n't give a shit about who is white . 
  my ancestors are mainly european but i care more about my asian side and i really did long for having slanted eyes and was pretty sad i did n't and instead having coloured eyes and light skin . 
  i did n't do that , 
  are you still frustrated that the map makers do n't consider you white ? 
  my family did n't get a chance to to pick their last name , it was given by ataturk lol . 
  you 're getting weird man :d how did you even notice me ? 
  just kidding m8, 
  now i feel bad for all the downvotes i 've given you , 
  i actually do n't know what you 're implying, 
  have you seen greece 's google searches ? 
  the one for germany there is golden . 
  that 's so weird , we fuckin love dogs , dogs and cats they are everywhere and taken care of , why would germans be asking that ? 
  [ ughhhhhhhhhhh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogmo73sxbfu ), 
  surprisingly few actually . 
  unlike that other infamous video with the donkeys . . 
  you would n't see this in istanbul either . 
  they 're doing some shia stuff but why would you freak out and hate something you literally just do n't know about . 
  no need to be angry at the fight sight of someone doing something different to you . 
  they 're not doing anything bad but the comments are so hateful . 
  jesus why are being so mean ? 
  the joke went way over your head, 
  you 're ignoring the point he 's making . 
  also collapsing the turkish economy will not do anyone any good , it will just further reinforce the idea that its foreign powers are the ones making the economy awful . 
  the difference is kazakhstan has no real connection to europe and european culture or history while there 's quite a connection between turkey and europe through the past 1000 years . 
  it is, 
  loading up a some of the pages of your comment history and i search the word `` turk '' i see over 200 results . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  you 're always in every post about us trying to spread shit with false information . 
  lol why are you in every single turkey related thread trying to shit on us ? 
  you hate us that much ? 
  i really hope by the time it comes to us erdogan will be gone and things will be well again ... 
  it 's hard to control the rural eastern people . 
  thank you . 
  guess i 'm more ok with that . 
  i do n't know why but i do n't like erdogan being called erdolf , i think it takes things away from his own evil . 
  he 's a disgusting man and should be disgusting by his on right . 
  on the other hand i do n't want the name erdogan tarnished , i do like the name itself a lot . 
  `` vote '' sure .
