  a lot of us still do . 
  we like the ottoman empire but see it as something we needed to shed towards the end and we love the republic that came after it . 
  some people miss the fact that we were such a great power but they need to get over themselves . 
  actually in turkey the more educated people ( mainly chp voters ) are the ones who gave the 1 star rating for that armenian movie , a lot of the less educated people do n't care that much and the right wing grey wolf people generally accept genocide . 
  no , please no . 
  just make it so they ca n't vote or something . 
  it 's been proven so many times that they 're cheating though with votes being burned , replaced , dead people voting , empty plots of land having thousands of votes for erdogan . 
  i 'm surprised you forgot about all this when people were posting them . 
  it does n't matter unfortunately , he always wins even though the majority of the people vote against him because he cheats and pretty much has total control over the results . . 
  wake me up when it reaches the population of istanbul, 
  yeah , it 's delicious . 
  it 's not desperate , you seem desperate in trying to make it yours when its ours . 
  i did n't troll , telling the truth is n't trolling . 
  because those are originally our foods . 
  in turkey people eat them non stop everywhere all the time chitchitchitchitchit it goes into my nightmares . 
  i actually do n't understand why we 're not grouped with the seeds on the map . . 
  posting this right after we post ours ? 
  is there a stray cat rivalry going on ? 
  it 's like that with us and dogs as well , it 's nice to hear that there are others who are loving these animals like we do . 
  i-i hope this is n't a thing . . 
  you simplified the translations too much that they lost their flavour imo, 
  iirc turks used to drink tons of coffee but when the turkish state was founded the country was quite poor and ended up switching to tea as a cheaper alternative and it just stuck and now coffee is just for special times in the day . 
  but why bring up irrelevant details for nothing ? 
  yep, 
  we have super cold temperatures in most of the country btw, 
  that 28 days later soundtrack still gives me chills, 
  we have snow very often in the rest of the country though , istanbul is generally a bit warmer . 
  yeah, 
  gold, 
  kazakhstan does n't really have any history or relation with europe unlike turkey which was even neighbouring austria and poland ( poland always existed for us ), 
  do you know what literally means ? 
  also i think it 's quite alright honestly to be given such a great opportunity . 
  i am glad my ancestors were lucky enough to be selected . 
  not really , the people were compensated for . 
  why do you refuse to understand what everyone is talking about ? 
  you still do n't understand what i 'm trying to say ? 
  i did n't say it does n't snow in the desert , we 're talking about sandy landscapes . 
  you know exactly what people mean when they say desert do n't you ? 
  `` akshuuallyyyy deserts are ____ '' is just annoying . 
  yes we get it , places like antarctica is a desert and tomato is a fruit but please understand the context and what people are talking about . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're only acting stupid . 
  what are you even insinuating ? 
  as much as we all hate erdogan this image has always been the same and it 's ridiculous , it 's just so weird as though if you become muslim all plantation will die and the soil will turn into scorching sand, 
  semantics . 
  we 're obviously talking about sandy deserts with dunes and all that . 
  turkey is very cold in the winter , people just assume it 's a burning desert wasteland because turks are muslim . 
   y' all had the chance to vote him out but you keep voting him in . 
  no we did n't . 
  elections are rigged in turkey , no way could we keep him out . 
  the guy who wrote that 's name is jesus , thought that was amusing . 
  man these people are absolute scum , i wish they would fuck off from this country . 
  then again trying to find that guy 's twitter and i 'm wondering if someone made a fake account to screenshot a post like that and delete it to make kurds look bad ( his surname indicates him being kurdish ) or if he deleted it from pressure . 
  wow , why did that offend you enough to say something like that ? 
  multi billionaire ? 
  please , he is a humble man who does his duty for the country and not for any selfish benefit for himself and those close around him !, 
  christ you 're retarded i 'm not even going to bother with you . 
  every country is a murderstate then, 
  no i do n't think that 's the point , it 's more he 's posting an environment he enjoys but he does n't realise people want a view . 
  what you 're saying is totally irrelevant no one is making a joke about the genocide itself . 
  it was n't a joke about genocide though , no jokes about armenians being killed or anything . 
  his out of control teenage daughter did that . 
  that 's not really a view though , what people tend to love is the beautiful view . 
  well we do have hundreds of thousands of people in turkey named jesus though ... 
  obama inherited that problem though he did n't cause it in the first place ... 
       also we had our own turkish alphabet like greeks does but it was unused for far too long so it did n't evolve with the modern turkish hence latin was used . 
  [ example ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/83/sille_agia_eleni_inscription.jpg ), 
  for the most part i feel no different to europeans really , i feel least in common with people of the south east and also really konya , people from villages will always be people from villages , cute sweet people who do n't know too much about the outside world so i ca n't really say much about them , they feel like they live in a world of their own . 
  i posted to show that the plates are n't being shifted around for anything , turkey 's in the same plate as your europe . 
  why are you so certain that that 's the case with migration ? 
  no one moved from the middle east to anatolia but there was plenty of migration from europe though . 
  the vocabulary was to point out that turkish did indeed have european influenced linguistic development , not that turkish became a european language . 
  it 's not bad or offensive but it 's pretty wrong now , turkey is a pretty transcontinental country with more in common with the people of the balkans than it does with people of the middle east and beyond . 
  `` even wikipedia , the all knowing god of knowledge '' lol . 
  how much of a history does spain have with africa ? 
  if you 're going by tectonic plates then you 're saying turkey is [ eurasian ] ( http://baef480c1b9a59094802-bb7fd020772cbf1cd099f3b22c712b0b.r79.cf2.rackcdn.com/f3a79d80-e9d7-4a64-bbff-195183f10c0c.jpg ) , turks migrated to europe and most turks are migrated from europe too . 
  linguistically after turkic words the vocabulary is made up mainly of words from european languages . 
  if you meant to point out his / s you should have quoted it , you looked like you were being a dick to me . 
  and i still think he may have been being a dick about our culture but if not he can tell me himself . 
  he said / s to how people should respect the turkish culture of doing disgusting shit like this as in you should n't really respect such a disgusting thing at all . 
  you said / s to my comment which means you 're saying what i 'm saying is a joke and that it really is what our culture is like . 
   even at it 's greatest extent the ottoman empire always controlled more land and people in asia and africa than it ever did in europe do you have proof of this ? 
  yeah europeans have never ever had a dictatorship . 
  this is n't our culture . 
  it was n't a joke about genocide though , no jokes about armenians being killed or anything . 
  how does this glorify or talk about how good genocide was ? 
  how does this glorify or talk about how good genocide was ? 
  post then, 
  so much bs in one post . . 
  what do you mean / r/turkey brigaders ? 
  we 're not being linked this thread to come in and vote or anything . 
  john travolta . 
  we honour our enemies . 
  he 's definitely the lesser evil but think of one as a xenomorph ( erdogan ) while the other is the xenomorph queen ( gulen ) that can produce erdogans . . erdogan is n't grooming anyone so i 'm hoping once he 's gone it 's over ... night owls unite !, 
  i really hate gulen and pkk but as sad as it is to say we all prefer erdogan to gulen . 
  ( i actually shuddered writing that ) it does n't work on the people too much , they usually ignore his stupid statements and just prefer him to the other incompetent parties because he does favours for them and what not . 
  erdogan 's approval ratings are in the low-mid thirties , people do n't really like him but that guy cheated his ass off to win ... 
  oh man i 'm such a lazy poster i really ca n't be bothered replying to this whole thing and explaining all the points . 
  i hate it when people post me a massive reply that requires so much attention and effort . 
  that sentence cracked me up so much , he 's such a loony dumbass . 
  that 's what i was talking about when i said cousin people .
