   kurds have lived in modern-turkey for tens of thousands of years , can you say the same for those examples ? 
  stolen history , much ? 
  your whole post , scratch that , all your posts are so fucking retarded . 
  [ i wish ] ( http://i.ytimg.com/vi/ioxzzhgg2ky/maxresdefault.jpg ), 
  he does n't realise that the pkk is now a detrimental force against progression for kurds now , it should be left in purely political hands now , hdp had gained traction and it was going well but now we 're gon na have to start over again . 
  we are in an active fight against them , they broke the ceasefire when they struck first with the murder of our police officers . 
  that looks like an accident if true , they 're already working together to investigate it . 
  they 're not going around killing civilians . 
  holy shit this is n't the 80s anymore , kurdish language is legal , there 's kurdish language taught at schools now , there 's kurdish tv and radio channels which broadcast exclusively in kurdish, 
  what the fuck is wrong with you defending the pkk you sick person ? 
  they 're not kurdish workers , they are the pkk . 
  they were caught with weapons very powerful weapons . 
  look [ here ] ( http://imgim.com/image/6850inciz8916612.jpg ) and [ here ] ( http://imgim.com/image/2156incil1066173.jpg ) . 
  would you please quit trying to defend these guys ? 
  the thing is it was n't a few years of occupation , it was a millennium of living together in anatolia and the balkans . 
  the people developed , grew , lived and worked together , how different could they be after such a long time ? 
  most of western and southern turkey is pretty damn similar, 
  they attack us , we strike back , `` s-sorry , let 's talk about it now we can find peace ! '' . 
  rinse and repeat every so often . 
  what ? 
  he was n't rude at all , you can just tell he 's frustrated . 
  he did n't swear or insult him , he just said `` lol '' , what offended you so much to make this post ? 
   i 'm not saying you should work with pkk , but do n't attack them first . 
  you know that they 're attacking our police and military right ? 
  they broke the ceasefire , not us . 
   i just want to say that you 're not alone . 
  we 've got your back . 
  but , please treat the kurds humanely . 
  god damn it , the kurds in turkey are treated just fine !, 
  there 's no abuse on them or anything , we are n't bombing/attacking kurdish civilians either but the pkk . 
  i hope you understand how frustrating is to be accused of killing innocent civilian kurds . 
  also we are allied with some kurds too , [ here 's what our relations with different kurds look like . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/zablzey ) so you can see we 're working together with the krg and peshmerga ( in fact we are training the peshmerga ) . 
  besides this , thank you for your kind words , it really means a lot and i hope we a lot of positive things out of this . 
  yeah but russia was a lot more battered than us and we had lots of combat experience . 
  remember this , after turkey became a republic in all skirmishes and wars it has never lost, 
  soviets invading us ? 
  there was a risk but not likely that they would have succeeded, 
  you do n't get my point , if nato did n't exist we would have built our own . 
  plus not all are ours but a lot are , we have their codes and full launching capabilities, 
  we never developed our own nukes only because we got nukes from nato . 
  we have nukes too so i doubt russia would use them on us . 
  what we did with nato was more of a mutually beneficial partnership anyhow . 
  when did this backfire ? 
  standing idly by ? 
  how about taking in , protecting , feeding , giving shelter to millions of people running away from that war ? 
  stop being such a shit head and understand that we are also contributing . 
  so what if ypg has killed more isis ? 
  they did it in a long period . 
  we have the power to wipe out others too , we wiped out a few hundred pkk members within a few days which is news to cheer for !, 
  we will also wipe out many isis members too . 
  terrorists are terrorists dude , all those people arrested being isis or pkk is fantastic !, 
  you make it sound like bad news . 
  also to back him up , [ here is an article you can look at ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-puts-travel-ban-on-12500-foreign-fighters.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=80908 ), 
  taking in millions of refugees is pretty useful . 
   devoglu you mean davutoglu . 
  davugoglu means son of david , devoglu means son of a giant . 
  you put a smile on my face :d, 
  it makes me cry seeing people sharing their opinions while knowing jack shit . 
  he was one of the best leaders in the last century if not the best tbh, 
  i agree with you but turkey is not a ~ ~ vassal ~ ~ protectorate despite having a us base and nukes really . 
  that is very sad and tragic , i did n't mean to undermine how terrible that was i 'm sorry , but the murder of the responding police officers would make police fearful of helping others and very cautious when there 's a call for emergency which could lead to many people not receiving help when they need it . 
  also i ca n't read swedish, 
  in turkey the police were called in emergency only to be lead to their doom as they were killed by the pkk terrorists , stones are a lot better than what happened to them ... 
  they do n't make a million, 
  the person who made this thinks turkey is 75 % turkish and 25 % kurdish which is ridiculous especially considering kurds are more around 13 %, 
  i brought it up because you made it seem like the government broke the ceasefire , i wanted to clarify that , i 'm not talking about any of the other stuff , do n't drag me into this argument i 've already said what i have to say in other comments . 
  well they attacked the police because of the suruc bombing by an ethnic kurd doing isis ' dirty work as they blamed it on turkey and so in retaliation turkey bombed the pkk . 
  if you read my other post in this thread you 'll note that i said that erdogan is taking advantage of this moment to get rid of their political rival which prevents them from having the majority of the seats in parliament . 
  also are you trying to imply that the pkk are n't a terrorist group ? 
  i seriously hope you are n't doing that . 
  the suicide bomb on the kurds ( and turks ) was done by an ethnic kurd for isis , then the pkk announced the end of the ceasefire and killed a bunch of policemen to which the government responded by attacking the pkk but now erdogan wants to use this moment to his advantage to try to get rid of hdp . 
  i 'm against the last bit but i see nothing wrong with attacking our enemies , and stop putting all kurds under the same umbrella for turkey , look [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/tsoitbh ) to understand which kurdish groups turkey is fighting and which it is supporting . 
  you do know that the pkk announced the breaking of the ceasefire then killed a few police officers restarting the war right ? 
  i need a bandaid , i cut myself on this guy 's edges, 
  why does everything we do have to be islamic ? 
  closer to hungarian though , take another look , it 's the same some of our turkic brethren 's word for it too, 
  damn that was a long ad quite odd too also is that the chick from the 50 shades of grey movie ? 
  why would they be illegal ? 
  the first one and the last one are pretty funny , the rest were alright really . 
  post some , i 'm sure people will enjoy watching them, 
  when you show it in this format it really shows a lot more strength and credibility in your argument , i doubt most people click these links and it would scare most people from arguing with you because they know you know more than they do . 
  im not , i didnt defend turkeys actions, 
  that means a lot , thank you :d, 
  [  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcy8sernwue ), 
  you need ambition . 
  i do n't know what the ira or eta did , i do n't have much knowledge on this but i can not say killing teachers , doctors , engineers and civilians all trying to make their lives better is anything good . 
  they may want different things but their means are the same and it 's deplorable . 
  pkk has also killed more innocents than d4esh have, 
  because we 're tired of how the pkk is projected as the force of good and we 're shown as evil no matter what . 
  nice shit you can conjure out of your ass, 
  that 's fucked . 
  reminds me of [ nightcrawler ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nightcrawler_%28film%29 ) how the guy 's ambitions for great shots of gruesome scenes made him do some really messed up stuff . 
  gavur no longer means infidel to us , just like the word `` gay '' used to mean happy but now means homosexual , nowadays `` gavur '' means europeans and is often used in ways of humour rather than to hatefully insult things . 
  casual racism is a thing in turkey where you may mock other people/races etc but you do n't really mean it in a hateful kind of way . 
  edit : and another thing , turkey is secular by law , it 's in the constitution . 
  it 's fine mate , but i 'm still getting bombarded with some downvotes , do n't really get why , is it so bad to hope people are n't committing crimes ? 
  actually it could be likely , it could be just scum doing it for black market trade and all that rather than the government itself being involved . 
  i 'm really hoping it 's false , i do n't like erdogan , he can eat shit for all i care but still i 'd rather this news to be false . 
  also to be clear i did n't see your anti-erdogan as turkphobia but a lot of people really do use this shit as ammunition against turks in general,
