  we do n't have oppression and what human rights violations ? 
  we have corruption but many countries have it . 
  greece is only 3 points ahead of turkey on the corruption index showing that greece as corrupt as fuck too . 
  bombings are relatively new and they 're shocking to us when it happens like it 's shocking when it happens in other parts of europe . 
  erdogan is not fairly elected , he only has the power he does through the cheating and manipulation . 
  i 'm aware of our media and foreign media and i 'm really well aware when media lies and does n't lie . 
  for years and years it lied for erdogan and it changed when erdogan went against gulen and now it 's painting him in a bad light whereas erdogan 's been doing the same things this whole time . 
  i 'm not brainwashed by propaganda like you because you seem to be thinking just because your media is n't run by erdogan that everything you read that happens in turkey is true . 
  ( so long as it follows your narrative ), 
  i 'm saying it sounds like it 's what he wants from us . 
  through being anti-erdogan they 're being anti us in every regard and are being total dicks . 
  it 's not tied up with nationalism really . 
  we 're very proud of our past but we know we needed to become what we are today , a modern secular state . 
  there is actually nationalism towards our turkic past though , that 's neat . 
  i mean like our pagan roots . 
  what 's a tat ? 
  we genocided armenians in the 15th century ? 
  it 's so retarded . 
  you 've done nothing to us and we all loved you till erdogan decided he needed someone to rally round the flag against . 
  i still think you 'd be fine , i do n't think anyone would really give a shit . 
  no one harassed any dutch people as far as i 'm aware of , they just crushed oranges and drank orange juice in the funniest most nutritious protest i 've ever seen in my life . 
  being kurdish is no problem to us , we do n't dislike kurds . 
  having said that though , kurds who come to this sub seem to have one thing on their mind and that 's agenda pushing using their own propaganda news sites and highly bias sources and everyone sympathises with them and believes everything they say because everyone thinks turks hate kurds and that kurds are the only good people in the whole region for some reason . 
  it 's crazy how much people eat up their propaganda lol . 
  we 're housing billions of refugees and its costing us billions of dollars and we 're housing them despite having no obligation to whatsoever , we only have obligation to house european refugees . 
  we 're just keeping them out of good nature and your governments are even refusing to help us finance the whole thing so it 's just coming out of our pockets . 
  we only wanted money to help house the refugees , only 1/3rd of what we put into them ourselves and even to that you guys are being stingy . 
  we 're the ones being humanitarian and you say we 're doing the bad stuff . 
  i do n't get it . 
  what would n't turkey be able to do ? 
  how could it prevent genocide ? 
  it 's better being a bigger country or else you just get bullied . 
  what are we even doing ? 
  you make it sound like we 're going around invading countries and massacring everyone in front of us . 
  i did n't call anyone a shithole , i just said turkey is n't . 
  trying to paint us in a horrible light does n't make us a shithole in the end though , it 's just what your media is trying to do and you 're eating it all up . 
  is france a shithole because they 're getting lots of terror attacks ? 
  is italy a shithole because of how corrupt it is ? 
  you 're just eating up your confirmation bias . 
  why would it be better ? 
  turkey 's not a shit hole . 
  we did lose because you lost . 
  wwi that is . 
  why would you want us to lose anyway ? 
  that 's your whole reason ? 
  that 's it ? 
  what a joke . 
  you do n't know anything about us or anything about them it seems . 
  nah , he 's going to be forgotten . 
   olympiacos it was obvious to me from how rude you were , panathinaikos fans are nicer and smarter . 
  how much do you even know about us and them ? 
  i think you forget that turk/ozturk etc. 
  are pretty common in turkey too . . 
  it 's hindi for us . 
  [ oh heavens , would you look at the time !, 
  they 're not traitors , they 're capitalists . 
  got ta love capitalism , eh ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're blushing or if that 's blood, 
  yes , our eyes first met on the battlefield, 
  is this really how you 're going to open conversation every time you talk to me ? 
  with charging hussars ? 
  that 's amazing . 
  i used to be a big fan of hulk hogan when i was little , so i even feel jelly . 
  it is a good day after all !, 
  it 's not radicalisation , it 's just blues . 
  no one really wants to do it really , it 's post empire blues of ah look at all the land we used to have ;(, 
  you call it the wrong thing , it 's the conquest of constantinople . 
  that 's what we call it anyway :\\ ^ ), 
  i like you . 
  turks did n't have such thing as nobles really , the most elite people were ( mostly ) greeks and other christians who went through the devsirme system and could have easily taken over and run the ottomans as a greek empire if they wanted to . 
  well losing for us is different , we wo n't resent you for losing , we in fact find it admirable and we 'll respect you for it . 
  we did into europe , we all the way into vienna ! . . 
  almost . 
  if you mean the devsirme then you 're right , they could have possibly hellenized or converted to christianity if they wanted to but it 's really just speculation . 
  it really seems that they liked the way things were and wanted it to keep up in the same way . 
  there were more christians than muslims in the ottoman state until we got egypt . 
  it was meant to be robot as mihnea100 said , it was a reference to the turkish mayor melih gokcek building a giant robot statue with the taxpayer money for no reason and putting it in the middle of a street . 
  people were furious and demanded answers as to why their money was used on a random robot statue and put somewhere random and all he said was respect the robot . 
  after a while he gave into the public and removed the robot only to replace it with a fucking trex . 
  she does have feet but they 're on backwards . 
  you see she 's a [ gulyabani ] ( http://orig01.deviantart.net/89da/f/2008/197/1/0/gulyabani_by_ali_tunc.jpg ), 
  funny you should say that , in turkish culture there 's a mythical horror creature called [ gulyabani ] ( http://orig01.deviantart.net/89da/f/2008/197/1/0/gulyabani_by_ali_tunc.jpg ) and it 's known for having its feet backwards among other things . 
  kinda makes sense why she creeps me out so much now . 
  if we 're going to have a crook for a president i 'd rather it be cem . 
  plenty of things . 
  she 's a selfish woman and spends fuckloads of the peoples ' money buying antiques . 
  i do n't like the erdogan family in general , they 're all scummy . 
  cem uzan and either of his wives would have fit so nicely here , why did it have to be koltukmine, 
  respect, 
  throw emine into a pit i ca n't stand that woman . 
  i 'm glad you enjoyed your visit in our ** turkish ** city , hope you come back soon , kardesh !, 
  yeah but around 3.5 billion , roughly half of the world 's population is china and the indian subcontinent . 
  also your logic is flawed , just because 15 % of the global population is european does n't mean the rest of the world is just one other ethnicity . 
  the translation is wrong . 
  in turkish this war is the war of salvation . 
  i 've seen sources that say she 's kurdish , the fact of the matter still stands that erdogan is n't kurd hating . 
  he 's been super loving and nice to kurds . 
  also his wife is one . 
  he also sees people by religion not by ethnicity . 
   made himself a semi-dictator by legal voting system , check .
