  when did lithuanians get called nazis ? 
  it 's not about taking their propaganda i try to learn as much as i can and try to ensure that the things people known are proper . 
  i want to shit on erdogan but i do n't want any of that shit to be based on lies but all on true things . 
  when lies are out about a person it only can serve to discredit the truth for some people and i want full aversion to that . 
  as for the rest of your post i promise i will reply but i really have to go out now so i 'll re reply to your post later . 
  well they 're controlled by akp because it 's a state channel and also all tv is controlled by him at this point lol . 
  he did n't kill the solution process , the pkk did an attack , we retaliated and it went on . 
  i 'm all against erdogan but i want the facts to be right . 
  no he still got tons of kurdish votes really , if they do n't vote for hdp they vote for him and they really give him a huge number of votes . 
  no , they do hide there , that 's what they 've done through the history of the turkish - pkk conflict . 
  you really do not have any idea what you 're talking about , you should learn more about the conflict , it did n't just start in 2015 . 
  kurds are not the biggest ethnic group without their own country . 
  their population was extremely small 100 years ago btw , they bred really fast so it does n't really mean too much that they 're the biggest without their homeland . 
  we fought for our land and we will not give it up , that is certain . 
  actually its pkk bombs turkish civilians  turkish military retaliates and tries to get rid of them and keep people safe  pkk murders kurdish civilians who do not support their cause  turkish military tries to stop them etc. 
  their cause is really not that noble , nor are their means . 
  as i said , we 've always had an issue with journalists , this is n't a new issue but it 's certainly worse . 
  back then it was because pkk propagandists were under the title of journalist that it was so bad otherwise i do n't view it that badly . 
  it was inciting terrorism and violence so yeah . 
  nothing you are saying is changing the fact that kurds have definitely had it much better now than ever before . 
  things have improved and keep improving for them under this government whether you like it or not . 
  i do n't like the government but this is the fact of the matter . 
  you show your ignorance again . 
  yes people are being jailed but they 've always been jailed , it 's not new . 
  until erdogan came it was illegal to speak in kurdish , it was even illegal to say that you were kurdish . 
  under erdogan 's rule all these bans were lifted as well as kurdish radio and television programs introduced and teaching allowed in kurdish . 
  minor thing but can you quit spelling it irac ? 
  i thought it was just a typo the first time but you keep spelling it with a c instead of a q. 
  they do n't bomb random kurds , they bomb pkk who are hiding out in iraq and pkk/ypg in syria who are also hiding away there . 
  they then launch their attacks on turkey from these places . 
   best there was towards kurds ?!, 
  ally to kurds ?!, 
  yes , judging by all the posts you 've made you really do n't know anything about the turkish - pkk or kurdish conflict or history of turkey . 
  you should n't make accusations about what goes on without knowing the full story . 
  [ this might help you understand ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ec1sp6f.png ) it 's by the bbc too . 
  how it started ? 
  the conflict started decades ago . 
  it reignited when they stopped the talks/peace process and murdered some police , then we retaliated and it has been going on ever since . 
   they dont only bomb the pkk in turkey ... 
  they bomb also the kurdish anatomy area in syria for example . 
  syrian kurds do n't have autonomy and also they 're bombed because ypg are also enemies of the state and they 're an offshoot of pkk . 
  collateral damage is a thing , as unfortunate as it is , it happens unavoidable and it is tragic . 
  if we really did n't care about the lives of the civilian kurdish populations we would bomb them in their entirety to get them out of kurdish towns however instead of just sending out rockets and blowing them all to bits not caring for the lives of civilians like the israelis do , we do operations to minimise the casualties of civilians and this returned heavy turkish military casualties in return . 
  this is because we care that we 've lost hundreds and even thousands of lives to make sure as few civilians get hurt . 
  current government is the best there ever was towards kurds and this is including the multiple times the country has had kurdish prime ministers/presidents . 
  the turkey/current government is a close ally to iraqi kurdistan in case you were n't aware btw , they even raise their flag . 
  i do n't know if you 're being stupid on purpose but of course we bomb the positions of the pkk , they 're actively attacking our military , police and civilians . 
  do you think we should roll over and let them attack us ? 
  we 're attacking isis too , it 's not something of one or the other . 
  your primary concern is isis because isis directly attacks you while isis does attack us but at a much lower rate and we view them as less of a threat than the pkk . 
  it 's only making the actual legal process of what they want impossible . 
  yeah it 's appropriate . 
  it 's appropriate for friends and also lovers so if you stop being `` only '' friends , you can still continue using it . 
  sounds a bit weird but its ok . you could also say asenacim ( asenajim ) and it 's quite affectionate and caring to do so , she 'll like it . 
  that 's not the kurdish people , that 's pkk . 
  politicians going to jail is n't bombing people . 
  also the pkk have been fighting for 40 years and they have achieved nothing but pain and misery for everyone and with not even a single thread of a solution . 
  it has been the most useless and futile attempt at change with over 40,000 left dead now . 
   the pkk is not active in syria btw that 's because when they cross the border to syria they become ypg , they 're really the same people . 
  it 's not that the kurdish party gained many votes from kurds though , the votes came from people who wanted the hdp to pass the 10 % threshold to put opposition to akp . 
  what do you mean they started bombing kurdish people ? 
  [ disclaimer : i 'm no linguist myself so i might be wrong here and i 'm just using personal experiences really ] female names do n't really get shortened the same way i guess unless they 're tomboys or something but they could get the `` cute suffix '' - osh ( written o\u015f in turkish ) that people do but it 's for boys and girls , works in a similar way but i do n't asena is a name you could do that for . 
  there 's a lot of other suffixes with different meanings to them but i do n't really want to bore you and take up your time . 
  i self identify as circassian too i guess because its my heritage and you just say it if someone asks but no one really thinks that they are circassians save for people who are from very small disconnected villages where it 's pretty much their own family living there and they speak turkish and circassian . 
  we like every ethnicity in turkey , people do n't stick out as better or worse we still see everyone here as turks , this includes kurds . 
   and we do know a group that gets labeled ` teroristl\u00ebr ' every time they 're mentioned in the news . 
  you mean pkk ? 
  they 're not the same thing at all . 
  whoever spray painted that ca n't even spell turkiye properly , he wrote turkie first and then changed the i to a y and then added an i between the k and the new y lol . 
  this guy is either not turkish or a disabled/retarded person anyway . 
  also do n't be stupid , every nation has people who have problems with their minorities , do n't try to single us out and make us look bad . 
  everyone has their ancestry somewhere though so basically that would mean you 're saying that no one is turkish because everyone is whatever they 're descended from and that is n't true . 
  think americans for a second and how they 're really just americans , it 's the same thing for us . 
  yes i also have circassian ancestry but i do n't think it 's right to consider myself circassian . 
  we in turkey shorten names by adding o after a few letters . 
  selim = selo , levent = levo etc i do like eddie though . 
  he 's not a joke , he 's a tumour and the only way to get rid of him is to remove him . 
  thank you !, 
  wait no i think i understood you wrong , what are you trying to tell me this whole time ? 
  i did n't say you said the protestors were terrorists , erdogan called all the protestors terrorists . 
  it 's just tiring reading it in every single turkey related thread . 
  you 're alright though . 
  repeating the same joke over and over is just really lame , it 's not just for this either . 
  did you really think you were funny and original when you made the joke ? 
  no , you saw others making it many times and tried to get to it first in this turkey related post because you knew that it is guaranteed to get upvotes . 
  i did n't realise the gezi protests were a pkk rally !, 
  :o oh my god thank you for making me realise i was supporting such a wrong cause !, 
  people who are carrying pamphlets about the no vote or who are encouraging it are being locked up on suspicion of being terrorists . 
  this is ridiculous what erdogan is doing and it makes it hard to stand up against that fucker . 
  when we try doing anything we get labelled as terrorists . 
  yes i mean regular protesting . 
  enoouuughhhh with this jooooooooke , it 's getting really tiring . 
  your post confuses me as i 've experienced it when i was in greece and always heard the same thing from others too . 
  yes they 're the way you described it , the rest of the entire nation says things happened but it does n't amount to a genocide , these are people from every political party and class background really . 
  people are sad about it in terms of tragedy but that 's about it . 
  because those monkeys support erdogan , if they did n't they would n't be allowed . 
  it would be a better place because people are stupid , they ca n't admire the glory of the past and keep it a neutral feeling towards today and wanting a great future together . 
  he 's right , it 's also not just america but it 's the eu and many other countries . 
  he was doing the same and in fact worse things than he is doing now but he was being praised left and right , only now that the stance has changed have people been bringing him to negative light very strongly in the media . 
  man what happened to you .
