  m\u00fcd\u00fcr m\u00fcd\u00fcrd\u00fcr - is an appropriate response confirming the question, 
  i do n't like erdogan at all but this is a really fucking stupid statement that really shines your ignorance . 
  he pretty much encouraged people to be open about their ethnicities ( he even revealed that there were like 35 ethnicities in anatolia ) and then he allowed kurdish broadcasting in both radio and tv and also introduced education in kurdish language and also kurdish languages being offered as electives in schools . 
  i really hate erdogan but i hate you for making me write this shit as if i 'm defending him . 
  do n't mistake us attacking and our hate for the pkk as hating and attacking kurds , it 's not the same thing . 
  quit it . 
  edit : fuck this piece of shit man stealing the nations money and fucking with everyone . 
  i ca n't wait until he just fucks off and we get a competent leader . 
  the pkk announced the end of the ceasefire then they proceeded to murder police officers and soldiers . 
  we are n't going to stand around and let our citizens be killed so we attacked back . 
  there 's nothing wrong with this . 
  you might just want to read the thread . 
   :o ;p :3 :d, 
  hurrr, 
  thanks for the confirmation about you being an asshole . 
  feels good to be a barbarian btw . 
  hmm spinning compliments and insults into one . 
  you 're interesting . 
  i 've found that your women are very [ hairy too . 
  are you seriously retarded or something ? 
  why do you act like other countries do n't have diaspora ? 
  you can live somewhere but still miss and love your home . 
  you can also be proud of its growth and prosperity . 
  there 's like 150 million people with german ancestry in the world but only 65 million live in germany , this does n't mean germany is shit , does it ? 
  the ones who strike first are the ones at fault , pkk attacked us after we also attacked isis, 
  what meaning could it possibly have ? 
  they 're a terrorist organisation . 
  it 's like saying muslims instead of isis, 
  yes you are correct but hardly . 
  it 's practically gone after all the assimilation , it 's endangered and the real number of speakers is significantly less i believe . 
  i might remember incorrectly however . 
   we would 've successfully pulled off an `` italy '' lol would n't doubt it , you both even have the same colours  / s, 
  excellent , colonisation is going as planned * rubbing my hands together in delight *, 
  fair enough , it just bothered me that you gave an anecdote of an unusual experience like that cause it 's going to give the wrong idea to people who read your posts , that 's all . 
  no hard feelings man . 
  it 's not about not caring/not knowing , that 's something psychologically fucked up with the guy if he makes his wife do such a thing . 
  if she was really shy and hiding away i guess that 's different , like when you did n't want to hang out with guests that your parents brought over when you were younger . 
  you say `` people do n't and ca n't know that '' but then how did you know ? 
  i really think this is a one of case really . 
  istanbul turks can literally be anything , unless they 're of the original 1 mil settlers and there 's 18 million people living in istanbul and they 're from all over the country . 
  i literally copied and pasted from wikipedia . 
  they mostly stick to ataturk 's ideals , the 6 arrows shows that . 
  you seem very upset about this article, 
  chp is n't a leftist party , it 's the republican people 's party ( turkish : cumhuriyet halk partisi , chp ) is a kemalist and social-democratic political party . 
  their alignment is centre left . 
  they 're rude , obnoxious etc. 
  they become weird misbehaving hoodlums in germany for some reason . 
  you 've seen those annoying ass turks in germany right ? 
  you know what i 'm talking about . 
  we do n't appreciate that in turkey . 
  500,000 in total with 150ish thousand from cyprus and 150ish thousand born in turkey iirc, 
   turkish immigrant who invited me home once - and made his wife and daughters stay in the bedroom as long as i was there , i did n't even catch a glimpse of them . 
  i have never in my life have seen or heard anyone in turkey doing that before . 
  that 's seriously some really weird stuff and sounds very dodgy . 
  definitely not a part of our culture even with the conservatives . 
  second thing i want to say is turks do n't wear burqas . 
  oh you should have fun with poking fun at yourself . 
  i first saw that video when a bulgarian posted it . 
  why so mad bro, 
  have you met a turk not in germany ? 
  we 're distinctly different to german turks . 
  volga tatars and crimean tatars are both turkic ethnicities , their languages are understandable even by turkish turks . 
  there are three main turkic language branches ( there used to be four but the fourth one went extinct ) which are oghuz , kipchak and karluk . 
  all are mutually intelligible but harder to understand due to being separated through a lot of history and being influenced by other people . 
  tatars are kipchaks but crimean tatars were influenced a lot by the oghuz turks due to being a part of the ottoman empire but i would n't really say that they `` do n't have all that much in common '' when they definitely do . 
  the most common one is am\u0131na koyim ( often shortened to aq or amk while writing ) it literally means `` put it in your pussy '' but it pretty much means like fuck you/fuck etc. 
  it 's quite flexible as and it 's used quite a bit and is used after a statement-expressive sentence , as an expression of being surprised , being angry , nervous , anxious , and almost all kinds of state-expressions . 
  for example , it can be used like : it is too hot am\u0131na koyim . 
  in fact in the turkish fml site , all of the daily troubles people talk about ends in amk this is used by both guys and girls but mainly in highschool and uni . 
  is n't it true ? 
  ** some ** people use it . 
  i did n't say everyone uses it or lots of people use it but i 'm sure you 've heard people saying kuyruklu a. 
  some people use `` kuyruklu a '' which means `` a with a tail '', 
    :o :p :3, 
  ah , you 're just trying to troll me , ok then . 
  i did n't mean byzantines copied us , i just do n't think we copied you considering the moon and the sun were our deities from thousands of years ago . 
  does 209 bc suffice ? 
  because it was the symbol of the xiongnu, 
  because they were our symbol and we always showed off our proud turkic side . 
  do n't forget , the most islamic countries such like saudi arabia , iran and afghanistan do n't use the moon and crescent cause it 's actually got nothing to do with islam , people associate the symbol with islam cause of the grand ottoman empire which was muslim and had embellished their symbols everywhere . 
  na countries use the symbol as an homage to the empire that once was their home . 
  people think that the turkish flag is a muslim/islamic symbol but that could n't be further from the truth , it 's the very old symbol of the golden sun and moon of the [ xiongnu ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/golden_sun_and_moon_of_the_xiongnu.jpg ) featuring two significant figures from our pagan religion [ gun ana ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_ana ) and [ ay ata ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ay_ata ) who are husband and wife . 
  what do you mean no one knows for sure ? 
  it 's the golden sun and moon of the [ xiongnu ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/golden_sun_and_moon_of_the_xiongnu.jpg ) or as we call it , gun ana and ay ata, 
  my dad 's side is from around here and they 're all pretty tall , i 'm shorter than them , i 'm only 190 cm :(, 
  ok , here you still say kurds , do n't do that . 
  do n't group kurds and the pkk together . 
  stop it . 
  turkish kurds are respectable citizens of the republic of turkey and some of them are significant figures of the country and almost all the citizens are good people , the pkk is a much smaller group of kurds who have done horrific things . 
  i love kurds , i hate the pkk and to have them grouped together is sad . 
  either way this is n't a good action it 's terrible what happened . 
  can you imagine how those hostages must have felt ? 
  stop saying the kurds are our enemies you asshole . 
  kurds = !, 
  taking hostages is a-ok so long as you do n't harm them ? 
  very nice , it was really sweet . 
  i hope such behaviour will be seen globally in the near future . 
  for those who have n't seen this phenomenon , enjoy watching the [ german towel brigade ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9s8wppmwhk ), 
  why are they known as semi nomadics ? 
  i 'm talking about how you said kurds have lived there for tens of thousands of years which is n't true,
