  the results will come before the votes are even counted as always . 
  that 's also true . 
  i 'm tired of the whole black and white view you guys have over in your countries . 
  a lot of the black and white view you guys had along with all the misinformation spewed from there and the antagonising is another reason why erdogan got stronger . 
  this is all just so frustrating ... 
  people already see him as a prophet lol . 
  anything bad that happens while hes in power they just blame everyone else so there 's no solution to this , it 's better he 's gone and remembered as some sort of shitty hero and we forget about him over time and recover than going so deep into shit that we are not even a country anymore . 
  at least your votes fucking matter . 
  i wish erdogan would just die and someone sensible would come so things could just go back to normal . 
  you guys seem annoyed at him but you have no idea what it 's like having this buffoon as your leader and you ca n't do anything about it . 
  we want to be great but we 're being held back due to corruption and power hungry monkeys who would rather dumb down the people to get votes and become all powerful than make the country truly great and be remembered fondly as a great leader . 
  dzj ? 
  c is pronounced as the english j, 
  we do n't have enough people to drastically change it, 
  we would n't be if we were n't ruled by a monkey . 
  you do n't think the same conditions did n't apply to the ottomans as well ? 
  this video is exactly what i remembered when i saw that picture . 
  do they have some kind of love for buckets ? 
   people who support erdogan arent dutch . 
  they 're not turks either . 
  dumbass forgot to use hm02 first . 
  no because turks went to europe legally . 
  iirc at the very end of the war turks helped with some bombardment but on a very small scale, 
  it seems you do not understand the situation !, 
  you seem to care a lot , if you did n't you would n't read or even comment . 
  i barely care about it but i feel obliged to help you out because everyone seems to be falling for erdogan 's retarded antics, 
  are you retarded ? 
  if you did n't care you would n't be reading these posts , this is n't about you , populists yell loudly and they get their stupid votes from dumb emotional people . 
  do you still not understand that this is not about you ? 
  do you really think this is about you ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  from turkey ? 
  you mean from erdogan . 
  i did n't say anything like that . 
  erdogan does n't know shit so i would n't be surprised if he did think they were slavs, 
  no my dude , you 're really unaware of all the intricacies involved , this was n't all simple and pure elections and votings without cheating and corruption and brainwashing , all these elections starting from when he got into power were all really dirty and so many illegal things happened . 
  technically he should never have been prime minister or president cause he 's been in jail , promoted himself through religion , never studied in university etc but he did become everything because of how dirty and corrupt everything was . 
  do you have any idea what these protests are about ? 
  you seem to be missing some information . 
  why spanish oranges ? 
  we 're huge producers of oranges . 
  my guess is that they 're from a nearby juice stall ( we have lots of those ) . 
  i 'm sorry to say this but , are you retarded ? 
  they 're not forcing any corrupted system or religion onto the netherlands . 
  where did you even get that idea ? 
  have you been following the news at all ? 
  i do n't mean accommodating i mean actually supporting him every way possible for him to get where he is today . 
  they support erdogan there cause they do n't know shit about what it 's like living under him for us . 
  most people who vote for him vote out of spite towards others . 
  i 've seen people saying that they 're going to vote erdogan just to spite for example europeans or fellow turks . 
  it 's all just annoying . 
  do you really think erdogan would be investigated ? 
  there was plenty of proof of it but i stopped following it and those sites have been taken down that had photographic proofs , maybe if you ask on the turkey subreddit they could help you . 
  um the west has been strongly supporting erdogan for years even though we told you that this was where it was going to go years before he was first elected . 
  also another thing is you ignore just how much cheating this guy has done , realistically his supporters are around 30 % but he always gets way more votes cause you got animals voting , empty plots of land giving thousands of votes each , people who died at birth 40 years ago voting etc. 
  they once censored a bald man 's head because it was showing too much skin no i 'm not joking . 
  why are you kicking us when we 're down ... 
  no i do n't mean they 're a comedy/satire newspaper i mean they 're absolute shit and they 're a joke to everyone , we laugh at it and we mock it , no one takes it seriously and it only exists to be retarded . 
  they 're a meme newspaper , disregard the shit they say it 's a joke . 
  definitely . 
  flush them down the toilet . 
  due to the lack of freedom of speech in this sub i 'm unable to say anything but my great grandparents did nothing of a sort , they were fighting in gallipoli among other things . 
  we 'll be stabbing pineapples at that time, 
  holy shit you 're not kidding , 570 results for `` turk '' in the first 10 pages, 
  turks almost unanimously agree that what happened was not a genocide . 
  this goes for nationalists , kemalists , leftists etc. 
  ( edit : also what onceuponacrime1 said is the view we have . ), 
  with the occupation we generally want unity between the two nations , we think the intervention was good and occupation was initially good too but now it 's time for the nations to come together . 
  minority rights are a must , everyone but some nationalists supports it . 
  i think it 's more about the `` it 's close enough '' mentality, 
  to be fair this is cost effective . 
  they probably had french flags on hand , turned them sideways and burned them, 
  every single person in my facebook is mocking all this shit . 
  feels good man . 
  nah , we cry about them voting for erdogan . 
  i 'd be happy if they burned flags all day every day so longas they voted for someone else . 
   disney 's alaaddin he was k\u00f6se though ... or do you only mean the clothes then ok lol, 
  they actually crushed them and then drank them !, 
  no waste done . 
  what i actually thought it was really clever !, 
  i was like ooo !, 
  that 's a nice idea !, 
  and i laughed . 
  i mean it looks stupid sure but there was actual thought behind it that i appreciated myself !, 
  iyi means good and hay\u0131r also means good but iyi is from turkic and hay\u0131r is from arabic . 
  the - l\u0131 suffix means `` with '' so hay\u0131rl\u0131 ak\u015famlar = good evening . 
  well i mean normal people say it as `` iyi ak\u015famlar '' however religious people say `` hay\u0131rl\u0131 ak\u015famlar '' [ they also say `` hay\u0131rl\u0131 cumalar '' when it 's friday ( religious day for muslims like it is sunday for christians ) ] and the word hay\u0131r means no . 
  so now the secular and the anti erdogan folk are saying hayirli ak\u015famlar with more emphasis on the first part to be tongue in cheek . 
  fun stuff really . 
  yeah i 'm not kidding . 
  turkey is n't an islamic country . 
  you 're really just making yourself seem ignorant, 
  that 's not exactly right , you still have more to learn if you want to understand what ataturk did then , what it meant for the future , what the 1980 coup is all about and how it lead to erdogan getting in power . 
  those 45 people will turn the tide and help us beat erdogan leading to erdogan committing sudoku and saving my nation once more . 
  0.0016 % of the population of lithuania is turkish . 
  there 's your minority !, 
  sounds like you do n't really know much about turkish history . 
  saying `` no '' is socially banned actually , they ca n't even say `` have a good evening '' because it has the turkish `` no '' at the start of it . 
  lol wtf is this post, 
  the western caused and supported coup is the reason why erdogan is here today actually .
