  they were already going to be forcefully displaced anyway , why are you blaming ataturk for something he did n't cause in the first place ? 
  this way they had a home . 
  i know i gave an extreme example but you know being displaced is shit anyway and they could have been subject to more abuse who knows man . 
  um people want jobs and to work in order to make money and going somewhere else and having a job ready for you is something great . 
  why do you imagine labour work as the worst thing in the world ? 
  the world did n't look the same then as it does today you know . 
  this is pretty much like knowing the jews were going to be holocausted so offering to take them instead , you just convinced me that what he did was an act of kindness actually . 
  thanks !, 
  you just made me like ataturk even more , he even went so far as to assure them that they would have jobs when they arrived . 
  if that is n't a great man then i do n't know who is !, 
  serve as slaves ? 
  ok what the absolute fuck are you talking about ? 
  you 're just showing that you 're retarded right now . 
  offering to take people in and then preferring albanians over others does n't make you a piece of shit . 
  how the hell is this scummy ? 
  i 'm saying can you point it out in the text, 
  can you point out the bit that `` proves '' he was a `` piece of shit '' ? 
  i was n't talking to you . 
  source on that information ? 
  that sounds kind of stupid to say anyway , why would you dislike him for wanting to get labour force ? 
  it seems a bit odd considering we already had more than enough people , why would we need more ? 
  it 's not a derogatory term , it 's just shortening the word . 
  who cares if i use it anyway , turks do n't have any animosity towards albanians anyway , so many of us are of albo descent including myself partially and there 's nothing but love for you guys , do n't have to worry about feeling discriminated by us . 
  he 's was not albo ? 
  does n't sound grammatically correct ... 
  he 's not albo, 
  he is a symbol as well as many other things , you would n't understand from an outsider perspective . 
  after the attempted coup the akp head quarters [ hung a massive picture of ataturk ] ( http://odatv.com/images/resimler/cos5xhlxyaacsyd_jpg-large.jpg ) , they 've never done that before . 
  would you rather be a peasant watching his wife and children perish from starvation due to bad crops from a single year or something ? 
  i think it 's great , i 'm glad my ancestors had the privilege of going through the devsirme system . 
  besides , the people who went through the system were able to see their families anyway , it was just like i dunno boarding school then getting a kickass job with great wages that you can use to support your family too . 
  when did kemal persecute the armenians and other anatolians ? 
  do you think everyone had harems or do you think all turks are descendants of the sultan 's harem babies ? 
  is there a proper picture of the tower ? 
  it 's just a wall i 'm seeing . 
  read any single article relating to the head of my country, 
   yeah i mean even the military tried to establish a more secular government you might want to get your facts straight . 
  lamb is objectively ( well not really ) the most delicious meat there is !, 
  man you got ta try ours . 
  i 've had uzbek manti too and love it but ours is especially delicious . 
  yeah ours also looks like that too !, 
  not all variations are the same though but my mum 's is more like yours . 
  i wish we had trump honestly . 
  good find , thank you, 
   west still think the coup was made by some kind of secular force ) ugh literally why ? 
  literally the comment above yours, 
  i do n't mean martyr him , he 'll become a god to people . 
  he has to die from the cancer in his asshole or something . 
  someone pls assassinate this guy and make it look like a natural cause . 
  what 's that even meant to imply ? 
  last time we did n't care about na , this time it wo n't be so easy . 
   they \u00b4 re an ally of isis . 
  . . or were . 
  you ca n't just make claims like that without any real basis , it 's just a lot of allegations . 
  yeah he 's a shitty person but you should n't lie to make people look bad either . 
  i 'd agree with you if it was n't the case and a huge stigma now created from it . 
  cause of that movie and being shown countless times on tv around the globe and being so popular including being an actual `` true story '' kinda thing with the movie being based on the book written by the guy who lived through all that stuff . 
  i do n't say this stuff cause i 'm a turk it 's just shocking how much it 's in pop culture and how much people believe it to be factual . 
  it 's frustrating to be painted in a false light so of course we 're annoyed . 
  people in turkey do n't really know about the movie really btw . 
  no you do n't understand it creates a horrible stigma against the nation . 
  midnight express is referenced often in shows and movies and people have a fear of turkey and turkish prisons cause of it . 
  it 's even in the simpsons for gods sake . 
  because that 's exactly what happened . 
  temel is laz, 
  i do n't believe we were given that yet at all and 6 billion from all of eu while my country spends more than twice that already while we wait for your money to ease our spending . 
   humanitarian aid he 's right there . 
  we spent over ten billion dollars on the refugees last year , may have been 15 billion i 'm not sure on the numbers after so long . 
  do n't worry man , i got your joke, 
  i think he was being facetious . 
  that 's the weird thing though because our people make fun of themselves a lot but instead it says greece and i do n't know any jokes about greeks . . 
  i do n't think it 's true though , i ca n't think of any jokes about greeks however we make fun of ourselves a lot, 
  it 's not really the same, 
  what part ? 
  even midnight express completely demonises turks and that 's just a movie showing a bunch of prison guards only and it makes everyone hate the whole nation . 
  hdp should definitely not be allowed to publicly and openly support pkk . 
  akp did n't trade with isis though , there is no solid evidence of that and grey wolves are n't considered a terrorist organisation . 
  did chp support the coups in the past ? 
  i 'm not ware of that but judging by how wrong you were about the others i 'm inclined not to believe you here either . 
  no i 'm not an akp shill , erdogan could be dropped in a volcano or whatever for all i care . 
  he looks so nervous, 
  there 's so much shit being made up about turkey and erdogan it 's ridiculous , i feel like i 'm defending him when all i want is the stories to be set straight and it 's just such a gross feeling that i have to do that for the truth . 
  we get both really, 
  sure, 
   it certainly is n't secular . 
  how so ? 
  i know , i thought of it when posting . 
  thank you for posting it lmao adding it to my collection . 
  i know , i thought of it when posting . 
  thank you for posting it lmao adding it to my collection . 
  turkish people are quite aware . 
  `` my family comes over from somewhere that 's now iran '' `` my family comes from the caucasus , we were refugees '' etc. 
  people know this but people do n't care . 
  it can be a fun topic with friends or family but really it does n't mean much to people at all . 
  there is no prestige for where you come from either . 
  the tone of what he 's saying is very different though i mean it does n't carry any negative thoughts with what he 's saying . 
  a few thousand janissaries changed a massive portion of the gene pool of the country ? 
  yeah it 's quite distinctive , you can look at someone and pretty much guess what side of the country they 're from . 
  sometimes they 'll insist they 're from for example ankara but you wo n't believe them cause they 're so tanned and it turns out their family migrated from the east . 
  the higher numbers are bullshit unless you really think they have 10 kids per fam,
