  there 's a massive difference in culture that 's why . 
  we get blamed for honour killings despite it being a kurdish practise and not a turkish one for example . 
  a lot of bullshit bundled up neatly in one post . 
  what 's wrong with my attitude ? 
  kicked out of nato for what , we 've been a very useful ally in nato, 
   though , wasn \u00b4 t there a kind of piece treaty in place recently ? 
  and also , wasn \u00b4 t it erdogan who started the conflict once again ? 
  no , they started it again by declaring that the truce was over and then a few days later they murdered some police officers  and isn \u00b4 t it the pkk who fights against isis in syria ? 
  no , it 's the ypg but they 're aligned with the pkk  the kurds are the largest ethnicity worldwide without their own state . 
  no , they 're not the first nor the second largest ethnicity worldwide without their own state  peaceful kurds and kurdish parties like the hdp are being persecuted and arrested , and also , called terrorists , because they are in the way of erdogans rise to 100 % power . 
  actually hdp have been openly very pro pkk supporting them and celebrating their attacks  also , doesn \u00b4 t the turkish state support isis indirectly ? 
  just recently journalists were being arrested because they revealed that erdogan was sending weapons to syria . 
  no , those weapons were being sent to the turkmen to support them who admitted to receiving those weapons and supplies afterwards . 
  it 's amazing how one person can be wrong about literally every detail of their post after posting so many things . 
  it 's quite sad completely losing your old culture do n't you think ? 
  integration is great , you still retain your old culture but you integrate into the culture of the country you are in so you do n't really stand out anyway . 
  besides how much can you be accepted anyway , you 're still going to be rejected by the people of that country , they 're never really going to see you as a german when you 're muslim or whatever . 
  you 're always going to be the kanake or auslander or whatever, 
   celebrate the armenian genocide what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  actually this is something that bothers seculars more than akp supporters who do n't really care about anything but like seeing erdogan take action . 
  am i seeing things or does the guy in the 2nd picture have a very hairy lower back ? 
   here you go , this is the official list . 
  only 1 chapter completed , and it 's only provisionally closed , the others remain open . 
  there 's a reason they ca n't be closed even if they 're fulfilled though and therein lies the problem . 
  here is a report from freedom house on media freedom in turkey - steady deterioration over the last five years with a current ranking of `` not free '' . 
   here is a map from reporters without borders on press freedom - turkey ranks 151 out of 180 countries . 
  oh i 'm well aware of this but if you know anything about this at all then you 'd know most the people jailed were pkk propagandists who were going under the title journalist to be able to be safe from being jailed , it 's like allowing isis propagandists to openly promote joining islamic state and killing infidels of the land they live in , would you be ok with that ? 
  i doubt it . 
  same with these fellows . 
   they have been many times in the past for various reasons along with youtube and other sites . 
  here is one link , and here is another , and here is another . 
  being stopped being able to be used to stop misinformation and panic being spread is hardly blocking twitter , they try to avoid widespread panic and misunderstandings and also just like with the attack in paris there was feed as to where people were cause of social media which caused an uproar . 
   erdo\u011fan has been highly involved in islamist political circles - no islamist has been elected in europe , its not about `` conservatism '' . 
  wait what how is erdogan just not like any other conservative ? 
  i do n't even like him or any conservative but he 's no different to christian conservatives in my eyes . 
   freedom of association is the right to freely join groups that share your interests or ideology or to freely assemble peacefully in public . 
  it 's one of the things your current government is suppressing . 
  here is a nice report from human rights watch on the erosion of human rights and the rule of law in turkey . 
  i do n't see it saying that it 's prevented in turkey . 
  you 're saying it 's inaccurate because it 's showing you what you do n't want to see , almost every single tectonic map there is shows turkey in the eurasian tectonic plate . 
   seeing as how turkey is n't even remotely close to completing more than 1 of the 33 chapters necessary for eu ascension wait what ? 
  turkey has already completed many but most are frozen and non-assessed . 
  can you show me a list of these democratic values ? 
  we have free speech in turkey but we have laws against hate speech . 
  what do you mean by free association ? 
  twitter and facebook are not blocked  elected an islamist what is an islamist ? 
  also are you telling me europeans have never and do n't vote for conservative people ? 
  being conservative is a non european thing ? 
   i 've seen enough of turkish claims to understand that for many of you the claim `` you are greeks/armenians '' is itself offensive . 
  they pretty much teach us this even at school and we know so . 
  greeks mainly , easterners are the ones who are descended of armenians . 
  we know our heritages but not all of us have greek or armenian heritage . 
   based on genetic studies , you have almost non-existent turkic ancestry . 
  not really , most of us do have turkic ancestry it 's just a small amount though after all this time . 
  turkish identity is not a singular thing like that either , its central asians and native anatolians including such things as hittites and other native anatolian civilisations . 
  europeans are just butthurt and try not to accept us but we are technically european like it or not . 
  the religious viewpoint is so stupid also . 
  we do accept it that way actually but we also accept that a lot of us do have turkic ancestors from a long time ago . 
  it is part of the continent 2 . culturally very similar , what 's so different ? 
  you just activated my trap card , it is in the [ eurasian tectonic plate ] ( http://www.bucknell.edu/images/depts/geology/ptmap.gif ), 
  shows how little you know about turkey then . 
  well . . yeah ? 
  it is though !, 
  turkey is european and part of the continent . 
  lol !, 
  the point was to trigger me , not to have me laughing hard !, 
  of course he is . 
  most of akp 's voters love ataturk too but people have their own reasons for voting for akp like believing he brought economic stability etc. 
  lol not really it 's more because he 's a gigantic a-grade a-hole who just wants all the attention you 're all giving to him . 
  he 's off his rockers and people treat him like a simple villain here ... 
  yuck we have someone who talks like a villager as prime minister ? 
  wow ... what a gross accent he has . 
  that does n't make sense though the reddit population of turkey is only 7.5 k, 
  awww yeeee, 
  nope . 
  if you were saying anything about ataturk on the other hand ... 
  i 'm not offended but if you 're serious then i 'm just cringing ... you 're trying too hard . 
  it 's silly how the truth makes people so mad ... 
  the downvotes i 'm receiving shows just how right i am . 
  when will you people stop being so silly and just accept this fact ? 
  please just stop, 
  no that 's not it they 're just looking at people cause they 're bored and it 's fun to look all the different people, 
  do n't worry , we always have each other man , be optimistic . 
  you already said you were jewish in your last post by saying you were israeli so i already knew !, 
  i have never seen mistreatment to anyone in turkey before personally and i also do n't get how they were mistreated for being jewish , how would the people know they were jewish ? 
  if you look at my post history you can see i like jews myself and look forward to mending ties between the people . 
  if only you paid attention to the news you 'd have all your answers about how turkey does want a stronger relationship with israel , the trade between turkey and israel has grown 6 fold since even the flotilla incident even . 
  the people spitting on us are people who do n't have any ideas about turkey at all just like the guy above who thought turks do honour killings when we actually do n't . 
   honor killings of women are not common in europe , but they are common in turkey and among turkish immigrants . 
  that 's wrong though , turks do n't commit honour killings , it 's a kurdish cultural thing but turks do n't do it . 
  if you do n't believe me you can go read up on it . 
  but you really do n't know anything about turkey if you see this as misinformation or anything like that . 
   but this is in turkey 's most liberal area ( university section of istanbul ) . 
  you realise millions of people in istanbul are from the rural sides and hundreds of thousands move there a year from bum fuck anywhere . 
  also one thing people have to learn is that turkish people just stare but a lot of foreigners find that weird or whatever but it 's very innocent , they just look at anyone up and down and it means nothing . 
  those people and you have a different thought and understanding towards what religious law is . 
  some may favour it with thoughts of it just being good without knowing much at all and some may think some elements are good , it does n't mean that they want `` savage '' laws to be instated . 
  in what way are the syrian turkmen a terrorist group , what have they done ? 
  i doubt they 're like the pkk . 
  rebels are not necessarily terrorists at all , have these people been committing terror acts or anything ?
