  why do you think so ? 
  have you lived in turkey ? 
  we see ourselves as an ethnicity though . 
  what do you mean ? 
  yeah like america but without the prejudice . 
  we do n't care what you look like or your background . 
  people always guess something else . 
  goes for all members of my family , it 's all guesses of different countries/ethnicities . 
  turkish people do n't really look similar , even in the same family brothers and sisters can look totally different . 
  foreigners , non turks . 
  most turks get the same thing when they 're in other countries in europe . 
  i get it too . 
  we 're all familiar with the `` you do n't look turkish '' shit . 
  that 's not how it works , if you do something a lot it does n't make it yours . 
  i 'm the opposite , i only like turkish coffee but not other types that much . 
  btw it 's just turkish coffee , not greek . 
  native from so long ago , we 've been living in these lands for the past millenium now it 's pretty much the native land to us too . 
  look at azeri people , they 're obviously people who 've been inhabiting the lands all this time , they 're descendants of persians and armenians themselves , and we in turkey are descendants of anatolians and greeks as well as other ethnicities but we 're pretty much the natives of these lands . 
  that 's not how you calculate percentages . 
  it 's ( 11,458 / 86600 ) x100 which is 13.23 %, 
  the image is a soup of images from random places photoshopped in with photoshopped limbs . 
  it really is weird . 
  like that soldier for example is from the gulf war and his hands were n't up so they shopped it like that , and that guy to the left is someone who was just sitting in class . 
  it really depends on your ancestry , those from the east are hairy cause of their armenian heritage really . 
  even if they do n't want to acknowledge it lol . 
  but to be fair what matters is the reasons for why things like that are done , ataturk did what he did because the sultan sold everyone out for his own gain . 
  i do n't know what this guy did , if he did what he did for good then more power to his elbow . 
  it 's nagorno karabakh + the occupied area in between , that 's why the number is bigger i believe . 
  but it is smaller than a 5th but still quite the chunk . 
  it 's unrecognised but still 1/5th of azerbaijan is occupied . 
  all this happened in recent memory too which makes it arguably worse . 
  the picture in the op is black and white so it seems really old but its just a couple decades old . 
  this conflict was them taking land from azerbaijan , it was an offensive war , not defensive . 
  they managed to tamper with something around 4.5 million votes so there 's that . 
  what had he said, 
  are you talking about the whole 140 % thing ? 
  i 'm sure erdogan will replicate this image one day and it 'll be the last picture we see of him . 
  we do have our fair share of pink armpit hair feminists . 
  our sjws actually do get things changed and thousand year old traditions have to end cause they thought they were offensive though they were n't . 
  turkey really is an odd one , we 're really just all over the place . 
  did you look at the picture ? 
  i have no idea where to find it sorry but you can watch his speech and just look at the way he 's speaking and how he wants justice for all and how he sees everyone as equals . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  did you see his speech ? 
  i 've never seen him talk like that before . 
  man that is bs . 
  i think the numbers are wrong , the total military size of the ottoman empire was only 94k by 1453 , there 's no way in hell we were raising those kinds of numbers and bringing them into a siege . 
  it would have also been logistically improbable . 
  the sources presented for the number of the ottoman soldiers seems like a very unreliable source . 
  uh , why ? 
  everything in moderation . 
  you got ta realise when it becomes a vice rather than a virtue . 
  that 's pretty mean , racist and not true . 
  it goes up and up the more we have erdogan too . 
  erdogan loves his kurds . 
  i 'm serious btw , he is really good to them and some of his closest people are kurdish . 
  yeah but how much more could there be ? 
  also why are you so hostile ? 
  this post is ridiculous . 
  we 're not scared of kurdish numbers . 
  go ahead and go on wikipedia and add the population of the hdp majority provinces in turkey and you 'll see it 's not that high . 
  they sourced cia factbook and i have n't read much of the page but i read some of it before and some of the information there is just wrong like for example they say that the moon and crescent of the turkish flag is an islamic symbol which is very wrong . 
  i added up the populations of hdp majority provinces and i got these numbers hakkari 251,302 , van 1,035,418 , sirnak 430,109 , mardin 744,606 , diyarbakir 1,528,958 , batman 510,200 , bitlis 328,767 , bingol 255,170 , agri 542,022 , igdir 184,418 , tunceli 76,699 , mus 406,886 total : 6,294,555 i did n't add every single region of south eastern turkey though , however their populations are n't that much either , if i add \u015eanl\u0131urfa , ad\u0131yaman and malatya then i get 9,288,964 which would make up 11.6 % of the population of turkey ( if we take that the population of turkey is 80 mil ) . 
  this is just considering that the entirety of this area is kurdish but there are also turks and arabs who live in the region too . 
  i do n't really know how much is in western turkey though, 
  try more like ~ 13 %, 
  try more like ~ 13 %, 
  well being siberian , not exactly an animal of the eu ( although it does also exist in finland ) but also the animal itself is not even close to being endangered . 
  source ? 
  what had he said ? 
  people bought it but i can bet you that 99 % never even opened the cover . 
  translation : #we are burning please do not shoot the sun !, 
  \u00c7omar is more like an uneducated country bumpkin who is conservative for no reason and chooses to be ignorant . 
  keko/hanzo/kro are the words, 
  you mean florida of turkey . 
  30 speed, 
  what do you mean ? 
  there 's no stability now but before there was . 
  if it was under our control it would have continued to be stable . 
  if we had oil money we 'd utilise it quite well and we 'd have a much stronger economy . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  of course poland can into europe , it 's right there !, 
  but does n't that make us closer to the sun and therefore making it hotter for us ? 
  / s obviously . 
  that 's what he also meant by florida of turkey . 
  i 'm not defending him . 
  i 'm trying to set you straight about the situation . 
  do you want to be considered superior to georgians ? 
  i never said that armenians have a victim complex and are liars . 
  i said you have a victim complex and you 're doing soft propaganda and distorting facts and reality to support your idea . 
  erdogan is n't hateful of armenians he just talks like an asshole . 
  the main point was the fact that you claimed he was going to call the people on the walk armenians but i said he never would , you said he would because he considers it an insult and you only showed me something where he 's talking about himself being claimed what he is not . 
  he never insulted anyone by calling them armenian so stop claiming that he would do such a thing because it really shows your victim complex . 
  there 's no getting through to you . 
  that 's not an insult though . 
  you claimed in your original post that he was going to call the people doing the walk armenians and i accused you of having a victim complex because he 's never done that and never would do that and you 're showing me an article where he felt offended to be called armenian . 
  that 's not an insult . 
  my original point still stands . 
  are you thick ? 
  did you just ignore everything i said ?
