  even so you should wash your hands after taking a dump definitely . 
  i wash my hands before and after i use the bathroom . 
  manual breathing and blinking activate !, 
  ( you are now in control of your breathing and blinking because i made you aware of it ), 
  what 's the point in posting anything positive about what turkey does against isis ? 
  it 's just going to be ignored on / r/europe , no one wants to see this here , they want news of turkey aiding and abetting isis . 
  he 's got [ balls of steel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhfyp7xp0bc ) . 
  balls crushed by a horse followed by no reaction ? 
  that 's ** nuts **, 
  you are aware that greece also invades turkish airspace right ? 
  did he said it was malfunctioning ? 
  he 's pushing it more towards receiving no message whatsoever . 
  everyone else heard it , why would n't they hear it ? 
  he sounds really stressed and frustrated . 
  fuck i would n't want to be in anyone 's shoes there . 
  it 's all nuts . 
  iirc in the recordings they say `` unknown aircraft '' when they are warning the plane , they warned 10 times with no response so they shot it down , why let an unidentified su-24 fly through your airspace ? 
  because by posting an article you only get link karma but with a comment you also get comment karma !, 
  well it was close up probably heard it well but he 's denying hearing anything at all . 
  either way you 'd probably get used to hearing shitty quality too and probably understand what 's being said anyway if you heard it so much that way . 
  why are the turkmen bad ? 
  turkmen fight against isis, 
   `` except one of the groups that we train '' . 
  you mean the peshmerga ? 
  turkey trained the peshmerga after all . 
  turkey has done a lot for isis but it 's very underreported . 
  i bet you 've never even heard of [ this ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-puts-travel-ban-on-12500-foreign-fighters.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=80908 ) for example , or all the many operations against isis done by the police within turkey . 
  there are multiple versions of the recordings at different qualities , look at the thread . 
  it was picked up by commercial airlines i believe . 
  they do n't have to when the radio transmission was in english, 
  do n't know if you 're aware but we have a lot of loan words from arabic, 
  it 's turkish brewed though, 
  efes dark is actually pretty damn good . 
  historically for the longest time crimea belonged to the crimean tatars, 
  they were saying `` martyrs never die , the country will not be divided '' . 
  turks do n't use martyr as a word to describe terrorists , this is a chant against terrorism . 
  we 're more into [ satanistic stuff ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbrmrkzxyk0 ), 
  what are you doing reading a 4 month old comment ? 
  also it 's something very impressive considering it was manned and he did n't blow himself up , you are not appreciating how astounding that something like this was . 
  the reaction i saw was people being happy about it saying `` good riddance '' and `` you deserved it for aiding isis '', 
  istanbul has a population of 18 mil of every kind of person in the country , millions of each . 
  both pkk and isis , many people have been killed fighting both groups of bastards, 
  it was top news but the only responses towards it was `` good riddance '' and `` you deserved it '' rather than anything else . 
  most victims were n't kurdish either , they were leftist turks . 
  there are quite a few posts here explaining it in detail too . 
  when did the ottomans do border drawing ? 
  what 's so horrible about this ? 
  it just sounds silly but it 's not like they fucking keep women in glass cages for men to pick out and take home . 
  what happened to iran was completely different to what is happening to turkey , not even on the same level . 
  a conservative party does not equate to a road of sharia . 
  wow this article is silly , it talks about a hotel that targets a specific audience , anecdotes and it speaks against a shitty radio show i 've never even heard of even existing . 
  all these articles speak about very minor things that people would never even notice , they 're just isolated incidents really . 
  if you were to at least even visit you would understand how bullshit and sensationalised these articles can be . 
  i told you , it 's all extremely exaggerated shit because everyone 's really trying to tarnish erdogan and call turkey an islamic state . 
  do n't get me wrong , erdogan is a piece of shit however he is just a conservative populist , he is not an islamist with an islamic agenda trying to bring around sharia law to a country whose population does not want it . 
  just look at pew 's findings if you do n't believe me . 
  a country getting more and more islamic would n't allow a woman dressed like [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/emqwv ) to be on national television especially during the day time or live tv nor would they allow nudity like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5efigi_vqm0 ) either . 
  also what sources going back ten years ? 
  you linked something for 2 years ago and then you linked something for this year . 
  lmao this is ridiculous , there 's a lot of shit that actually exaggerates everything that is happening or is looking at very anecdotal shit like something happening to one store kinda thing . 
  there is n't much of a change , there 's a rule about alcohol not being sold after midnight or something but it 's not even enforced by the law or anything . 
  these laws are found and are even worse across europe too , however if something changes in turkey it 's automatically a sign of radicalisation and a move towards sharia law . 
  also i should mention , alcohol sales have [ increased quite a bit under akp rule ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/images/30082013-alkol.jpg ) . 
  there 's certainly a warped view of turkey for people who really do n't know anything about the country though , it 's just ridiculous . 
  okay , explain to me how turkey has been rapidly moving towards sharia law . 
  oh brother , do you really think that 's the case ? 
  the number of people who even want sharia in turkey is miniscule and even significantly smaller are ones who want any of those laws enforced . 
  it 's not bloody likely . 
   sharia law you know that turkey is n't under sharia law right ? 
  link, 
  show me anything that says otherwise . 
  can you show me anything stating otherwise ? 
  there was no intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , the only intent in evidence that there is is the fact that the ottomans aimed to temporarily relocate armenians until the war was over , afterwards they can come back with all their belongings etc being untouched . 
  i 'm aware he said `` it happened to the armenians '' in one of the later times he was talking about genocide , however to his definition it was n't a genocide either . 
  battle of imbros ? 
  i know who he is , i 've seen him antagonise in order to get his points across . 
  how so ? 
  denying that it was a genocide does not make you a crazy nationalist . 
  i do n't agree that it was a genocide either . 
  i 'm not denying it to be evil or whatever , i do n't think the things that occurred fit the legal definition of a genocide . 
  well that 's some mighty answer right there but i 'll hit you harder with [ these facts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpdq1du1wwg ) that 's where you 're mistaken , i 'm not a little fly , i am a mosquito and even the mightiest of men can be taken down by a small and tiny mosquito , and this one right here has just sucked your blood and given you malaria . 
  good luck . 
  but i have n't been down voting you . 
  also you just completely ignored what i said and said this . 
  i guess you 're completely stumped and realised how silly your argument was . 
  many people have streets named after them but no this is not to the same equivalent . 
  you see him like hitler , we do n't because we do n't believe that the aim of what happened was to exterminate armenians . 
  he even states there what happened and what he did about it . 
  we think the ottoman empire and the administration sucked in the last few years and we think atat\u00fcrk saved the country by replacing them and all that but even still we honour the people . 
  also what have you got to say about the fact that cyprus has a street named after him too ? 
  i did n't insult you 2 . 
  i 'm not being a hypocrite at all , you 're basing everything on assumptions . 
  i 'll insult you now and call you a fuckwit though, 
  all your beliefs are based on retarded assumptions . 
  you 're on top of mount stupid right now , if you do n't know what that is then google it . 
  there 's no point in discussing this with you further , goodbye . 
  i like albanians so yeah i would want to take them in if they were already going to be displaced and give them a home and place to work from which they can also find their own ways also . 
  why are you saying `` filthy turkish government '' lol . 
  we do n't care about being assimilated , you can retain your language if you want , many albanians still speak albanian in turkey but some of us chose to leave the language behind . 
  i do n't know why you 're so hateful about it , there 's absolutely nothing here that is even remotely cruel and it really boggles my mind that you 'd think this was such an evil thing .
