got ta love how slate auto-defaults to wrong . 
  saves time , no need to bother reading it . 
  somewhere in there is a joke about `` goddamn migrants '' , `` ruining the place '' and `` trying to adapt to local culture . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugee_law https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asylum_in_the_european_union, 
  great , even liberland joining the circlejerk . 
  it absolutely is . 
  between slowenia 's uncanny resemblance to austria and southern germany and the probably not so detailed knowledge of the refugees - how would they ? 
  this is actually an excellent test : those from syria will stay if you tell them `` dis germany . 
  welcome '' while the kosovars etc. 
  will say `` bullshit , still yugo '' and run off . 
  i will admit , i am sometimes reminded of pandemic ii when i read the headlines . 
  nobody goes bosnia , croatia , slovenia but many go hungary , slovakia , czech republic . 
  the reason probably is that you have less borders that way and borders that are more easily crossed illegally . 
  the one with the hilarious predictions that never come true ? 
  who takes that clown seriously ? 
  it 's okay . 
  it 's really a pity-protest . 
  the polish know how bad syrians and everyone else will have it in europe what with half their country being migrants in search of a better life abroad themselves , serving as illegal handymen and cleaning maids , even for eu politicians in brussels . 
  bbc with their shit level information . 
  after weeks they still ca n't even get the map with the travel routes used straight . 
  hungarian gov tried to keep them out with the funny fence . 
  after that inevitably failed they tried to let them hush hush move out of the country or simly ignored their existence in the train stations ( like everybody else ) . 
  only then merkel said syrians will not be deported and only then there were some very halfhearted attempts at registering them and moving them to camps . 
  at this point the refugees said no dice and started walking . 
  now , illegal immigration is something entirely different because it necessarily involves * sneaking * across borders and * hiding * in your target country - not exactly the definition that fits walking on the motorway and arriving at train stations by the hundreds . 
  friends , family or many of their religious group already in sweden . 
  justified or unjustified expectations . 
  go back to r/worldnews . 
  this whole direction of thinking is absurd . 
  but okay , i 'll play . 
  it sounds like you want to limit any kind of immigration to austrians and swiss . 
  well , they wo n't come . 
  we could ask the spanish . 
  not exactly culturally close but at least christian atheists like us . 
  they might come but they have the bad habit of going home again . 
  have poles and czechs recently been upgraded to tolerable from subhuman scum ? 
  sad news , they are not coming either any more . 
  certainly we are not talking about romanians and bulgarians ? 
  why , just yesterday they were all gypsies and only leeching from our welfare system . 
  yugos ? 
  we just barely kicked those out again . 
  dear lord no !, 
  so , no immigration . 
  germans die out . 
  the last german gets to decide who may resettle the wastes . 
  but wait , first we have to quickly give back anything east of the elbe , th\u00fcringen , bavaria , bw and anything west of the rhine . 
  that , at the very least , was first settled by celts , slavs and romans . 
  i 'm sure we can find the odd `` ethnic '' descendant of those . 
  it is controlled by csu 's bayerischer rundfunk , the worst scum germany has to offer outside of openly neofascist groups . 
  yet , even this report calls ludwigshafen an extreme exception and the specific situation is already off the table . 
   who will fundamentally change the country eh , what nonsense . 
  there are millions of turks and other immigrants already living in germany , for decades now . 
  even if the announced 800 000 syrians actually arrive , even if they stay for years , even if a considerable part stays forever , they will not have * any * big impact on `` the country . '', 
  maybe our cuisine will improve a bit more but i guess with lebanese and turkish food we got most syrian dishes already covered . 
  my teacher was right after all . 
  geography in school * is * important . 
  not that i ever disagreed . 
  have fun guessing around ignorant people . 
  okay , that site is so badly designed it gives me epilepsy . 
  can someone point me to the actual video footage ? 
  i ca n't find it . 
  little eesti too small to be investigated . 
  come back when you 16 . 
  i realize it 's just a ticker but man , that article overflows with information . 
  someone needs to tell refugees that slovenians and croatians are really nice people and that they will like the climate there much better than in germany or god forbid sweden or the uk . 
  that 's the actual uk number ? 
  you guys ( or ukip at least ) are being some serious crybabies . 
  the second and third pic are a bit extreme but the first one is pretty much par for the course whenever 10 or so soccer fans with beer ride the local train in my experience . 
  of course the majority does not act that way , as always , and that behaviour is not unique to soccer - which does n't make anything better . 
  naah , mate , that must have been the barbarian savage refugees from africa and the middle east invading europe . 
  europeans are well cultured and decent and respect property - even when drunk , which they never are . 
  assuming that your claim `` the protesters are always labeled as far right '' is true , there is an obvious answer : they are . 
  but let 's assume you can somehow not be far right and protest : it takes about five minutes for the far right to join , dominate and steer that protest and you now have the choice to go away disgustedly or be indistinguishably from them . 
  well , strictly speaking those that protest or object are the ones that stayed home both in eastern germany and eastern europe  - the small minded cowards and those that had something to lose . 
  those that left were the desperate , the adventurous , the progressives and the freedom loving ones . 
  it makes perfect sense that those who stayed behind are scared of the future yet again . 
  just wait . 
  that will be putin 's next gambit . 
  scotlands bid for independence was all about establishing some pretext/exposition . 
  allegedly 100 000s of people are swarming italy , greece , the balkans , austria , germany , sweden etc. 
  but not only is there enough ( free ? ), 
  food for all of them but also the logistics to supply it to them . 
  german authorities are worried that there is not enough accomodation for all of them so that some of them have to live in tents , possibly for months . 
  and after that we may only be able to offer them container based housing . 
  all this while - allegedly - europe is in a crisis . 
  while i agree that a lower pop density would be a good thing for germany ( and many other places on earth ) , we actually have a fairly even spread population ( at least compared to the usa or maybe japan ) with only 4 cities clocking in at over 1 million . 
  of these only berlin feels a little crowded imo and you really would n't think k\u00f6ln has 1 mil . 
  people . 
  this man knows how to firstworldproblem . 
  do n't mention the arm !, 
  this is stolen straight off fforde 's thursday next series . 
  the crimean war also prominently features in the books . 
  cornuto ? 
  puerto rico is in europe ? 
  just kidding guys , i totally support the independence ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ ^ puerto ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ rico, 
  more hairy than turks ? 
  not possible . 
  shaving , obviously , does n't count . 
  no , please * do * tell a few italian stereotypes, 
  let me reword that : is it still a conspiracy * theory * if it is proven fact ?
