  ( is this an anschluss joke ? 
  not sure ... ), 
  the catch is finding a neighbouring country , or a country at all that is willing to take them ( back ) . 
  are you planning to drop them off with parachutes over syria , sudan or afghanistan ? 
  would get expensive too i guess . 
  the majority of syrians coming to europe is probably not arab . 
  a fair number is n't even muslim . 
  syria is very diverse ethnically and religiously , that 's one reason why shit 's hitting the fan so bad there . 
  afghans , another large group , are not arab at all . 
  africans , another goup are also typically neither muslim nor arab . 
  on the contrary , the right wing government parties of uk , france and germany are happy about this situation because fear now is the only thing that keeps them in power . 
  they 'll happily move to the right just enough to scoop up enough votes . 
  those of you not understanding the context of the video and jumping to comfortable conclusions are the appaling scum , not the people in the video . 
  out now , from the band that brought you the 2014 hit single, 
  so what did they do with the rest ? 
  i am sad that supposedly only 10 % of my people even agree to * continue negotiating . 
  * the narrative here is that we have done soo much for the greeks and you are soo ungrateful - when in fact all germany/ezb has done was shifting around credits and moving credit due dates into the future , not reducing actual debt or giving gifts . 
  the media intentionally portray it as huge sums `` given '' to greece and never mention that that money goes right back to german banks etc. 
  meanwhile , the real austerity measures tanked the real economy and have done nothing to improve the chances of greece actually paying back debt anywhere in the future . 
  yes , kick them out of the euro , using the exit provision 3b in \u00a7 8 subsection 5 of the euro treaty ... oh wait ... there is no such thing . 
  sigh . 
  okay , let 's try it the other way round . 
  explain to me in detail what you mean by `` expelled '' ? 
  they 've been saying that for weeks . 
  but never did . 
  a lot of peole are . 
  i am tired of explaining . 
  the propaganda works . 
  sure , we are the experts . 
  to paraphrase rraadduurr `` hi , i want to pay my debt with cold war eastern europe currency , i devalued it too ! '', 
  yeah , we take valuta only . '', 
  edit : you are right though , the situation can not be compared at all . 
  it 's to be expected . 
  it is all the people who are invested in capitalism working and they feel the boat is sinking and scream and lash out as if that would help . 
  poor jojjeshruk , tangled in a web of illusion, 
  please do not forget that ceausescu also created invaluable opportunities for science . 
  still today the never before seen level of neglect and mistreatment of orphans for example allows great studies in psychology and sociology . 
  not even the nazis were that cruel and unscrupulous in the neglect of people . 
  one has to wonder : why have complicated hatefilled racist ideology when simple capitalism and an off the mill dictator will suffice ? 
  although it ca n't get very cold because that would kill the olives , right ? 
  i found that mostly the melody is different , so much that i 'm not sure these are even native speakers of norwegian . 
  they are trying to make it sound hard and agresssive and putting emphasis in strange places . 
  or maybe they are from a region i have n't been to ? 
  in other words , the ecb is not doing that now ( it is ) and there are no countries with euro ( or us dollar ) as de facto currency ( there are ) . 
  sure , the greek banking system may topple but it would just the same with a new trash currency . 
  in short : while no exposure can still lead to prejudice , exposure reduces prejudice , unless media creates prejudice, 
  if greece will default it will not result in leaving the euro or the eu simply because there is no legal framework for that - unless they do it voluntarily - and why would they ? 
  greece gets bailout money - really just a new line of credit - and uses that to pay the old credits . 
  again and again . 
  like almost * every * other state . 
  if greece stops doing that , it 's mostly the creditors who have a big problem . 
  to losely quote python : what is supposed to get worse here for greece ? 
  just the kind of incompetent arses that create and profits from these global fuckups . 
  what would be the point of greece leaving the eurozone , especially , but not only , from the greek perspective ( they ca n't be forced ) ? 
  exactly , no point . 
  edit : this , from a different post , sums it up nicely : http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/161d7/production/_83738509_greek_funding_crisis.gif, 
  i am currently reading a jasper fforde book and honestly , i do n't see how that 's england in an alternate universe . 
  okay , wales is an independent republic but the politics and talk shows ( `` evade the question time '' ) are eerily real ( `` the previous government had thousands of kittens and puppies killed '' `` the welsh and danish are the cause of all our problems '' ) . 
  soon : two very outdated graphs ? 
  actually , with the newest census there now is space for 1.6 million new people that somehow vanished from germany . 
  somehow there is also always space for eastern european craftsman , nurses , harvest workers etc. , whether they work illegally or not . 
  that 's the guy found dead in a ditch next day . 
  well , if this was a max frisch novel . 
  we really need to stop calling these thinly pink-painted parties `` socialists '' . 
  especially in austria . 
  hm , how do we get this thread to some kind of full circle ... ? 
  normally by bashing americans but i got nothing ... 
  i actually knew . 
  i play all those swedish strategy games , 
  i see . 
  where do you live and can i move there ? 
  well , austria and germany have some very decent pastries and cakes too , sure . 
  maybe it is that when i eat those i know what it is . 
  with french pastries beyond a common croissant i go `` what is this ? 
  what is it made of ? 
  what makes it taste so good ? 
  how many can i eat before i look like a balloon ? 
  that is actually illegal . 
  some chlor based products are allowed for disinfection of drinking water but no traces may be found later in the water and it is my understanding it is very rarely used . 
  whaat ? 
  you stopped making the best p\u00e2tisseries de l'europe ?? 
  well , they did n't exterminate * all * of them . 
  sloppy , really . 
   our country is in europe no , sorry , us customs once told me that spain is in northern africa . 
  certainly they know their stuff . 
   we do n't take siestas . 
  i know catalan people who do siestas ( as in do n't work , rest , in the middle of a work day , for 2 hours ( which i think is smart in summer ) )  we are a developed country i once visited a town in aragon that still got their drinking water from wells and sources . 
  mind , it was the best water ever , compared to the chlorinated shit most of spain has . 
  if you are part of the constantly spitting on the street and everywhere else crowd , you have a good reason to squat . 
  so the real question is : do you constantly spit on the street or are you civilized ? 
  say what you will , the british are always classy , even when deliberately being cunts . 
  when us-americans try the same thing it 's just unfunny and embarassing . 
  nobody knows you exist . 
  go home . 
  whereever that is . 
  coming from a swede ... 
  you think summertime in finland is a joke ? 
  that 's when it 's just warm enough that myriads of killer mosquitos rise from the gazillion of finnish lakes !, 
  hvala means thanks . 
  that 's all i got .
