  but i was told i pronounce it properly which is not that easy . 
  no , see , you * think * you are conniving and cynical because you hold yourself to such high standards but compared to the rest of the world ( or maybe europe ) you are in fact open and friendly . 
  you need to get around more  ( edit : hey look , i gave you ` not generous ' because i 'm not sure you are more generous than average . 
  although , on second thought , the bus and train fares are frankly a joke . ), 
  i concede that the catholic church makes it all to easy to be the target of ridicule yet creating well deserved criticism does n't have to be an intellectual challenge every time . 
  i think it 's only fair that in retribution for german being considered cold , harsh and sounding like constantly giving military orders , our germanic siblings all sound cute and funny to me . 
  no , not you , english . 
  i 'm in the picture now . 
  i think that 's called realsatire in germany ; when reality is already satire without intending to . 
  priceless . 
  bookmarked . 
  the important part : northern germany might finally stop denying that the constant wind is ruining every summer beach holiday . 
  you 're tempting me , but i 'm ** not ** playing mtw as hungary again . 
  good times though . 
  that was a really funny joke http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first-past-the-post_voting#list_of_the_countries_currently_following_fptp_system.5b15.5d englands ' ex colonies and some of the most fucked up places on earth . 
  really the only one missing is north korea . 
  welcome to [ fptp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first-past-the-post_voting#list_of_the_countries_currently_following_fptp_system.5b15.5d ), 
  but but stability ... at least that 's the half-open argument for favoring the big parties in the german system . 
  which is broken but not as bad as the uk 's . 
  also , ` we are on the brink of something special ' - now i 'm scared . 
  not valid for czech republic though . 
  the vietnamese living in eastern and central europe today came as students , foreign workers or contract workers from communist vietnam . 
  even in germany , that also took in some boat people , the majority lived and lives in what was the socialist ddr/gdr . 
  czech republic , poland and gdr were considered highly developed countries and vietnamese were known to be reliable workers and eager students . 
  facebook ... 
  i learned that he 's genovese in school back in the 90s . 
  of course you could argue italy did n't exist as a state back then but that 's a different matter . 
  you should really read up on what he * personally * did in the `` new world . '', 
  indeed i do n't . 
  conservatives strive for an authoritarian society with clear fixed rules down to the level of who has to greet whom first and in what manner . 
  conservatives think that only the traditional , usually christian , married family is the proper thing , thus refuse help for single moms , devalue `` bastard '' children , are against divorce , homophobic to varying degrees . 
  xenophobic , sexist , traditionally racist - where do you see individualism in that ? 
  any `` aberrant '' behaviour makes you an outcast . 
  what you are thinking of are liberals , in the literal sense , or libertarians if you prefer . 
  what you might be thinking of is the typical infiltration of conservative parties by entrepeneurial interests and thus calling for * entrepeneurial * individualism , liberty etc. 
  ina nutshell , duping your neighbour is fine - as long as it does n't happen in church . 
  came for finland , was quite surprised . 
  also , portugal , spain , italy , greece not impressed by the crisis , heh ? 
   conservative parties ... value ... individualism ... whilst social democrats are in favour of greater equality and greater market regulation , and favour communitarianism ( opposite of individualism ) over here , i found the guy from the alternate universe !, 
  who needs ( visible ) fascism if your country is run by gladio , cia , nato , sismi and neofascists ? 
  well , there is hope !, 
  now poland refuses they have to use ukraine , 
  tonight on `` great surprises '', 
  well , it 's well established that danes understand any other language better than their own so it 's to be expected . 
  do n't be sad . 
  whenever i play total war or europa universalis , i restore denmark to its proper glory , 
  oh great it 's april 1st, 
  til latvia can into germany ( kartoffel ), 
   ( interesting to point , it seems there 's no african in german africa where do you think we practiced for the holocaust ? 
  not 50 years ago christian schoolchildren sounded just the same , if trying to be a bit more melodic . 
  us evangelicals still do . 
  on the other hand , it is good to see that there are still adults who take care of their children as well as children that still walk to school . 
  a week ? 
  sweden , call yourself lucky ( and keep fighting it , of course ), 
  if making you work and keeping 100 % of your salary is slavery , then at what % does it stop being slavery ? 
  helmut kohl anyone ? 
  * cough * caymans * cough *, 
  an interesting point of view, 
  those ungrateful peasants !, 
  that 's what we get for not running public education into the ground in time like in those humble subserviant countries we usually deal with !, 
  we 'll have to fix that first . 
  next mandated cut will be greek public education system . 
  no teacher for you !, 
  do not let the true terrorists get away just because their gigantic crimes are not as visible as a few burning police cars and glas doors !, 
  excellent !, 
  hand over that drop then !, 
  40-60 % youth unemployment in some countries means a lot of angry people that have nothing to lose and a lot of time for travel to famous ecb buildings . 
  plus , police in frankfurt deserves whatever comes at them for the shit they pulled in the last years and this year yet again . 
  let 's see . 
  german gov debt alone is 2 billion . 
  that means 2 billion riches owned by someone else plus a steady flow of interest . 
  a very modest tax on that would go a looong way . 
  friedman draws on an ancient view on europe ( and the world ) that has n't been updated since ww2 . 
  but his errors do n't stop there as other posters have pointed out ; whacko . 
  what i do n't get is how they can think that there 's an audience that is fluent in english that would fall for it . 
  stratfor and george friedman are very important because they do the world the great service of disproving the racist stereotype that all jews are smart . 
  to elaborate on that , russia has been perceived as the ultimate threat to germany since even before ww1 and before communism , to the common man as much as to the elite . 
  of course much of that was propaganda but it still makes a claim of traditional or renewed or whatever brotherhood and alliance laughable . 
  the good news is , the track record of george friedman 's analyses and predictions is worse than that of the average clairvoyant . 
  it was a nice ep . 
  go ahead , take all our short haired women to , well , whereever , so i do n't have to look at them , 
   the nobility and most of the upper class people started polonizing themselves and thus made speaking lithuanian a `` peasants thing '' hipsters and fadists are the worst, 
  very well , i 'll lust after slovenijan girls instead :p just as beautiful , more kind , closer to germany and i already speak like 10 words sloven\u0161\u010dina . 
  are you saying not every russian woman is available as a mail order bride ? 
  what 's a dictatorship good for then ? 
  the tank is an audi . 
  nice . 
  i would like to order girl 3 , 4 , 7 , 8 , 11 . 
  i do n't even care if they are putin fans . 
  bonn had been the capital for quite some time and that was working just fine . 
  there are only few reasons to not arbitrarily chose a capital . 
  one would be a central location to improve universal participation of citizens and berlin is really bad for that . 
  i know , it 's a dashcam but looking to the left and right would make for a much much much much better experience  you can get a glimpse around the 1:50 mark . 
  well , he 's not wrong for a workday , although 1/3 is a too high estimate for both . 
  video is on sunday though . 
  eh , not really , think of all the traffic jams ( and construction sites in the south half ) . 
  no.that.is.just.normal . 
  a * swiss * power outage ? 
  the world 's end is near . 
  ( to put this in perspective , as a german , the first and only power outages i experienced in at least the first 16 years of my life happened when on holiday in italy ),
