  but until this happens ... 
  and when there were pro-islam posts , were they also orchestrated ? 
  i find it amusing that whenever opinions that majority disagrees with come up suddenly it is some kind of great conspiracy or trolling . 
  what about the other way around ? 
  i thought you suggested that i said that all discussions here are about this subject and with that i disagree . 
  i think that we still discuss economics a lot . 
  and yeah , i think we should n't get insulted at all however insane our opinions may be , barrier-free discussions . 
  and taking measures ( in all matters ) is again what europe needs most right now . 
  discussions that are about this subject are about religion and culture not about race . 
  do n't suggest something i did n't say . 
  edit : and we need all kinds of discussions , not only the pleasant ones , 
  i think you are just that typical person that tries to turn everything into racism . 
  discussions here always talk about islam and culture within , not race . 
  you can choose your religion or atleast choose to tolarate law in european countries even when it comes to your own family where all people are muslim , if you are in my country you are going to have to live according to my rules . 
  if you can manage that i have no problem with you . 
  and i 'm against islam , so what ? 
  i do n't believe in that modern bullshit telling me i have to respect other cultures and religions . 
  i wo n't ever respect culture that puts woman under man or where human mutilation takes places occasionally . 
  if we have learned something before ? 
  yes . 
  even then did we need these people to live in our countries ? 
  can we learn anything today ? 
  can they destroy our society values because we will have to adjust to theirs . 
  yes . 
  i 'm yet to find a polish guy who would n't be extremely proud of his great variety of swear words . 
  what about dupa ? 
  i know !, 
  well , this is kinda rude , but okay  my comment was simplified and congo-specific , hoped you would understand that . 
  yeah , ofcourse , muslim women wo n't dare to say that they do n't want to marry someone their parents picked because they know what they might do to them for that . 
  no offence to norwegians , but does anyone else find funny the fact that norwegians are so progressive they started going backward ? 
  - yo correct me if im wrong here but im fairly sure that the average citizen does n't look at `` facts '' while generalising . 
  if you do that 's great but youve yet to give me any statistics showing all muslims have sub-standard iqs . 
  again , your mixing it . 
  if they do n't look at the facts it 's the prejudice , try to remember this please . 
  i already posted the statistics , but okay . 
  this map shows generaly accepted statistics . 
  http://robertlindsay.files.wordpress.com/2010/03/800px-iq_by_country-by-current-resident-majority.png and again you are putting in my mounth something i did n't say . 
  i 'm not saying that muslims have substandard iq . 
  all said is that their iq is usually 80-90 so stop making these lame accusations . 
  - i 'm from gothenburg , and the general consensus here is that most people from former soviet-bloc countries are lazy and dishonest etc. 
  it 's total bullshit , of course , but somehow you only recognize this when it 's directed at yourself . 
  you got ta decide what you want to say before you say it . 
  this differs from being `` mentally chalenged '' eh ? 
  lazy ? 
  well , that 's definitely not true , people in former eastern bloc usually work their asses of . 
  but i agree that there is definitely a lot of dishonest people but also we talk about things without hiding behind political correctness . 
  see ? 
  not going apeshit . 
  - not really . 
  yes , really , try to find more stuff on this subject but i do n't really want to try to change your mind anymore . 
  - when talking about racial insults , intent does n't really matter . 
  again , it 's not racial , it 's just about people with similar historical pregression . 
  i 'm just interested , do they learn you in swedish schools that you should not talk about these things ? 
  - uuuh , yeah you kind of are since you 're implying 71 million people ca n't become mathematicians . 
  wrong , again . 
  i 'm sure there is someone in there capable of winning the nobel prize for physics . 
  it 's a generalizations . 
  i 'm not saying `` every one of them '' - do you know anything about africa ? 
  this is incredibly condescending . 
  i know what 's happening there . 
  it was just a romantic thought . 
  now , they are not just hunting and farming , they are also shooting themself while trying to get diamonds for rich people . 
  well , all studies have similar outcomes . 
  even though i agree with you that these iq tests may be stupid and sometimes completaly worthless . 
  when the difference is so big i do n't think they are really worthless , they may be hugely inaccurate but even so . 
  and from historical point view , it does seem quite logical . 
  - please educate me on the difference , as it appears i am ignorant in this subject . 
  prejudice is something not based on real facts and rather on something people just heard somewhere . 
  - sweden bro okay , bro . 
  i 've met lots of swedish people so i do n't think it 's really true but , yeah , if you are from some small village , i suppose . 
  i think it 's ofcourse a prejudice , but you are free to prove me wrong  - `` generalisations are bad '' `` but this one really far-fetched example of mine clearly states that - '' yeah , i exactly showed you why generalizations are needed . 
  - now , i 'm no expert obviously , but insulting the intelligence of a sixth of the planets population could be interpreted as going apeshit . 
  do n't quote me on that though . 
  sorry , but i have to . 
  you are showing exactly what 's wrong with discussions in modern society . 
  i did n't mean that as an insult at all . 
  it all has it 's historical reasons and is nothing to be ashamed of . 
  if i say that africans in the middle of congo would probably not make a great mathematicians , am i insulting them ? 
  no , ofcourse not . 
  they 're just living differently and i have nothing against that . 
  i sometime dream of simpler life , just hunting there in the woods . 
  but if they bring it into our different world , that 's what i have problem with , nothing else . 
  ofcourse . 
  no , these are more or less facts and while i 'm not offending people , as i believe there 's plenty of scientists and peaceful muslims out there too so it 's not personal , you are . 
  - my friend , there are differences between generalisations and generalisations , and everything is not 1 or 0 . 
  ofcourse , why would i argue with this ? 
  - people using reddit , for example , are generalised as virgins aping off 9gag by 4channers . 
  does that make it true ? 
  no , it does not , and this is not a generalization but a prejudice . 
  - where i 'm from , anyone east of germany is considered mentally challenged and emotionally unstable . 
  really ? 
  i doubt that this is really true , where are you from ? 
  - generalisations are , when applied to ethnicities and nationalities , worthless and harmful . 
  that 's not true . 
  they are definitely not worthless , for example when a girl travels to countries like saudi arabia or oman she 's not advised to wear shorts or skirts there . 
  why ? 
  because people there tend to be really religious and she might get into trouble . 
  does it mean they are all really religious ? 
  was it a generalization ? 
  yes .
