  i 'm sorry but i find this so fucking funny . 
  i 'm currently reading a book called `` jewish girl from toledo '' written by leon feuchtwanger and it 's as if the spanish king finally understood that he really needs to focus on the economy so he decides to bring the jewish people in . 
  this has to be the dumbest thing i 've read in a while . 
  yes , that is his reasoning because there can be no other . 
  klaus used amnesty to close cases that were older than few years and would never get resolved anyway and were only taking lots of money from taxpayers . 
  - he knowingly freed people on trial for corruption . 
  then v\u00e1clav havel should be facing the same accusations as klaus does . 
  he used amnesty on lots of people facing the same accusations . 
  you might not agree with the way he handled things but calling it treason of ones country is just plain stupid . 
  well , that 's convenient because i do n't give a damn about what 99 % of people outside of czech republic think . 
  the only reason why it is embarassing is because i care about our issues . 
  that is all . 
  - and by the way , klaus deserves this  and this is the mentality of some people here i hate . 
  i do n't like someone therefore he deserves to be accused of treason . 
  if you want to use these distastefully loose definions then practically anything could be interpreted as a betrayal of ones country . 
  it 's extremely embarrassing . 
  even if you ca n't stand klaus you must agree , this circlejerk about amnesty got out of hands . 
  opportunistic politicians will do anything to destroy their opposition . 
  situations similar to this have happened before . 
  i can already see that you 're atleast a socialist . 
  i really do n't think you describe communism well . 
  - i 'm not describing communism , if i wanted to describe i would have written much longer comment . 
  i 'm describing the usual view of the young people on it . 
  as already hinted most marxists today agree that the soviet union was a catastrophe of the 20st century . 
  - good for them . 
  this is pretty biased . 
  there are downs and ups for every system . 
  most elderly people in hungary agree that the standard of living , the quality of arts , entertainment , products ( the list goes on ) were much better . 
  there is no question however , that the corrupt bureaucracy had better living conditions . 
  - that 's not biased , it 's not an absolutely precise statistic , but it 's gerally agreed upon . 
  you would have to know more about our regime , because it was quite different from hungary . 
  this is 100 % true even today . 
  - education maybe , other things - not really . 
  must be language barriers , but this sounds pretty crazy . 
  you might mean that it requires some additional strength ( ? ), 
  to function in a free market society , which to me sounds crazy , or that they could n't properly function from malnutrition which would be true in any environment . 
  - i think it 's clear what i meant . 
  the people simply were n't prepared to face the competition and other free market differences . 
  so you basically think that the corrupt parents and their children make up the communists . 
  damn , that 's some socio-critical skill you got there . 
  - i 'm not saying 100 % were `` corrupt and evil '' , stop pulling things out of your ass . 
  there was lots of naive members of the communist party whose thought they might change something from the inside . 
  well , at least you could say one good thing about them . 
  - nazis were quite dutiful too . 
  statement about drowning in fire is hard not to take seriously , atleast in terms of indelicacy . 
  and here is what i was talking about . 
  i 'm strongly anti islam , yet i 'm able to politely discuss it and accept criticisms . 
  and since culture is a subjective entity ( such as democracy , freedom . . ) there is nothing wrong with supremacists in that matter . 
  if there is , tell me : subjectively there is nothing wrong with slavery that is still lively in many cultures . 
  if there is something wrong with it , according to you , then you 're a cultural supremacist yourself , since you believe your culture which is not based on slavery and rather on freedom , is better . 
  what do you mean `` this generation '' - it could really mean anything , after the velvet revolution there was plenty of people who lived during the first republic . 
  i knew i was right about the bitter girlfriend thing because i simply could n't have imagined some smart czech guy living in luxembourg thinking franz was the most grounded and educated candidate . 
  you 've been exposed to what exactly ? 
  communist or people complaining about the communists ? 
  i think the latter . 
  i doubt you 've seen more than a few `` so-called '' communists . 
  look , there are communist parties all over europe , it 's not just a czech thing . 
  people always like and liked big honorable ideas which offer simple honorable solutions . 
  and history taught us that people do not learn from history . 
  during the communist regime in czechoslovakia there was about 10-15 % of people in the `` upper class '' living good and happy lives - for the price of being rats , informers and denouncers . 
  also there were people who just did what they were told to do and had their security ( cars , education ... ) and they were simply too weak to function in a free market based society . 
  and so a big percentage of these people vote the communist party still and ofcourse a lot of their children do also . 
  the reason why communists got such a big percentage of the votes is because their supporters always come to vote and are dutiful which ca n't be said about average right-wing voter . 
  so if only 60 % of the people go vote and all of the communists you can see why the numbers are the way they are . 
  i hoped this subreddit would have more class and would n't resort to such indelicacy against people calmly expressing their opinions , however disagreeable they may be . 
  and although you 're right about me not being a native speaker , one would have to be absolutely clueless to not understand what you meant . 
  are you against gay marriage ? 
  well , you 're a fucking monster , you should be burned . 
  - interesting morals , ey ? 
  edit : and about the death penalty ? 
  there 're definitely people that would be better off dead ( breivik , fritz , that guy who killed 27 children in school . ), 
  the only danger here is this penalty being used against innocent people . 
  bullshit , first czechoslovakian republic was a proper democracy . 
  who are those that want the old regime ? 
  it 's just a few people , there 's apathy mostly . 
  since you 're not a czech it seems to me that you have a bitter czech girlfriend who has no idea about how things were/are - or a similar scenario . 
  it seems to me that you 're the one joking . 
  franz had no idea what he was talking about and even admitted so . 
  and they should also have helmets with horns , right ? 
  hah , i would have never thought someone would put such a great emphasis on a hair color . 
  exactly . 
  fear mongering , but since it 's for a good cause socialists here will love it . 
  they do this in russia too and it 's the reason why i do n't watch russian television when i 'm there . 
  fucking horrible . 
  if you ca n't back it up do n't use it in an argument . 
  this is actually not so strange , it 's been done in a lot of countries . 
  for example with trans-siberian magistrala in russia . 
  irrelevant , immigration issue in this thread does not apply to finland . 
  got a source for these claims ? 
  seems like a really bad propaganda . 
  yes , you 're killing yourselfs tho . . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate and ofcourse you have a lot smaller immigrant population ... 
  in sweden ? 
  i think it has more to do with the lack of sunlight and it 's even worse when combined with relative poverty . 
  and i 'm sure immigrants and gypsies are a big percentage . 
  in southern usa it 's mostly mexican criminality . 
  edit : just so it 's clear for some politicaly correct people , i 'm not trying to be racist . 
  i could have claimed german citizenship , sadly these laws are annoyingly patriarchal and i ca n't since my grandmother was born before the 1975 and until this year it 's impossible to inherit citizenship from female side of the family . 
  hope for a change though . 
  i would love to be able to vote in germany . 
  hmm .
