it makes me wonder how did our languages with the same indoeuropean ancestor change so much . 
  exactly ^ ^, 
  well , yeah , german is a lot easier to learn knowing english . 
  yeah , it 's quite funny , actually . 
  during the rebirth of the czech language our greatest minds wanted to show germans how is our language a lot more `` sophisticated '' than theirs so they created as much unnecessary rules as possible with many made-up words . 
  it 's true though that in slavic languages you have a giant freedom to express yourself however you like . 
  let 's just agree that all slavic languages are hard as fuck . 
  well , charles university is the best one i suppose , but russian language is a lot more convenient . 
  all four languages would be `` official '' but i imagine english would be used mostly . 
  many people ask me this question , mostly in a sense that less succesful economies like poland and hungary would drag us down , but i believe with some smart planning this would n't happen . 
  the main reason is that a bigger country would have a bigger say in world politics and ofcourse we would be more protected from the russian influence . 
  well , i want poland , czech republic , slovakia and hungary to join into a confederate state - visegrad . 
  since hungarians are n't really slavic i would n't consider myself `` pan-slavic '' . 
  and i 'm definitely not a racist , that 's quite an accusation you 've got yourself there . 
  so , maybe next time you accuse me of being nazi , racist , bigot and i do n't know what other stuff you 've got there prepared to use when your own intellect fails pull your head out of your ass before , ok ? 
  thx in advance . 
  are you retarded ? 
  moscow-vladivostok it 's not as scenic as interesting , here 's a video and a map http://www.google.com/intl/ru/landing/transsib/en.html, 
   how is that reverse racism ? 
  well , because immigrants are all different , they can be good or bad . 
  if i said `` i hate immigrants '' which would now sound a lot more racist , right ? 
  i would be implying they 're all bad , while you 're implying they 're all good therefore reverse racism . 
  ok , so you still want to `` split '' italy into north and south . 
  edit : oh i 'm sorry , a slight language barrier for me . 
  i meant positive discrimination , reverse racism could probably not be used here . 
  well , to an outsider we might seem quite alike but with a closer look we are different enough . 
  we were influenced by germans , slovaks by hungarians and ukranians . 
  we are culturally somewhere between prostestanism and catholicism , slovaks are pure catholics and with that i suppose comes a more family oriented style of life . 
  1 ) i have res , i have never tagged anyone for their political opinions tho , i do n't have a list of people i politically disagree with like you do . 
  2 ) `` but by power and ambitions '' - i imagine every succesful politician should want power to actually change something and if he were n't ambitious he would n't be there . 
  pathetic arguments . 
  and i 'm assuming you 've heard about the bilderberg meetings but casted it aways as another conspiracy . 
  3 ) no , the reason why he did it was so the smaller parties would n't try to get power that does n't belong to them ( according to votes ) . 
  him limiting the freedom is again your assumption mostly based on negative media campaign . 
  again with this meta . 
  if you 're familiar with our history atleast a little you know tagging people on basis of their political preferences was quite popular  might want to limit freedom of press and political competition ignored facts and logics ? 
  talk about meta here . 
  you were all part of this media controlled hatred toward zeman . 
  i would never think he wants to limit freedom of press , if you think so it only shows how affected by the media propaganda you were . 
  tagged ? 
  one would think czechs would n't do that as our old regime just loved that . 
  hey , i never said he 's perfect , he represents views i think are more important than anything else and quite frankly if i were to decide between a slight alcoholic and a guy who builds his image on sleeping on the job when he 's not interested while being a cute austrian uncle i 'm going to choose the alcoholic . 
  western europe as in cold war meaning , people seemed to be quite fond of that here . 
  generalizations are okay as long as they 're intelligent and not inadequate . 
   if a politician in western europe did this berlusconi for example , right ? 
  stop with the generalizations , it 's disgusting and it does not make you any better . 
  wow , i seriously ** want ** to believe he was actually ill . 
  logos are n't really supposed to be groundbreaking or anything in that sense . 
  you 're taking it way too seriously . 
  you 've got it absolutely wrong then . 
  i do n't think you know what you are talking about . 
  i 've never judged their competence . 
  oh , come on . 
  that 's a little low . 
  this is the third time you misunderstood something i said on purpose . 
  it showed turkey with nations like uk and sweden trying to paint image of turkey as a state with higher equality . 
  again i 'm saying that it is very misleading . 
  oh , here you are again . 
  i thought you disappeared for good . 
  no i just do n't like propagandistic painting of equality in a state such as turkey . 
  so , i guess they do it because they want to run away from the oppression . 
  oh yes , this more than anything shows how are these `` equality '' statistics meaningless . 
  what i do understand is what you think might be the problem . 
  look if people are innocent they should have nothing to be scared about , right ? 
  and if they cry because a policeman wants to see their documents - i 'll put it simply - too bad , if it could save a life . 
  with all due respect ( checking your brief posting history ) i do n't you think you taught me anything ... ca n't remember any troll classes, 
   do n't they know europe is home to all ?!, 
  people who say stuff like that usually want open borders . 
  then i made fun of him suggesting he 's a hippie with no perception of economy ( no hard feelings ) i have a deja vu , i think you said similar thing to me some time back , 
  look , this is really interesting but if you want to use it as an argument i think we 're done , i 'm kinda getting tired of people living in a fantasy world . 
  yes , yes comrade !, 
  open borders , jobs and love for everyone !, 
   justice and equality i do n't want to be philosophical over this , these are based on your feelings . 
  both justice and equality can be interpreted in various ways . 
  i said i want facts and solutions . 
  as `` cold-hearted '' as they may seem to you . 
  okay , why use facts and statistics at all ? 
  i mean these things might have horrible outcomes ? 
  maybe we should base our entire policies on feelings ? 
  extremes you showed can always be used as arguments against everything . 
  * i do n't like how 's the article trying to play emotional games with me . 
  i 'm not going to play emotional games with you , i wo n't say stuff like `` one arab guy was n't stopped by the police even thought he looked suspicious and then a woman was raped because of it '' - why wo n't i say this ? 
  because it 's fucking stupid and i would just be trying to get resentful emotions out of you . 
  what i want are facts . 
  what are the criminality rates of people of non-swedish origin ? 
  if we stop racial profiling will the number of victims increase or decrease ? 
  should we let all the illegal immigrants stay in our country so the guy in this article has an easier life ? 
  these questions i 'm not going to answer for you , but i would like a more pragmatic overview of this situation ... *, 
  well , it 's true that these days government does n't really represent what people think . . 
  i always find it extremely funny how germanic nations which are really gender-neutral already in comparison to slavic nations try to make it even more so . 
  quite crazy if you ask me . 
  soviet union you mean ? 
  so glad there 's no turkey ... 
  well , yes , but they 're anti-islamic and you do n't make fun of islam because islam gets special treatment . 
  edit : typo, 
  people born and bred into a life of privilige will always be here , whether they 'll be capitalists or monarchists . 
  monarch atleast does n't have to worry about money and can inspire people which brings stability to a country . 
  i would always choose a monarch over oligarch or a general . 
  what did they do ? 
  excluded gypsies ?
