  probably most of the international companies would have left this country because they would n't really give a fuck about r&d , that 's the not their purpose . 
  you basically said that white people in europe are likely to be racist ... do you understand how stupid it sounds ? 
  see `` pope '' and `` holy see '' in the title . 
  prepare for the circlejerking in the comments . 
  why stop there ? 
  let 's just nationalize it all !, 
  we ca n't have those capitalistic pigs running from the red justice all the time . 
  i do n't really think that ukraine ever joins the eu . 
  no , it changes things a lot , not just a bit . 
  well , this is a difficult topic , every case is different i 'm sure and requires a lot more insight individually . 
  no , i did n't downvote you . 
  reason why the railroads were built was to increase the trade and improve economy of the colonial powers - which led to economical improvements in the colony itself . 
  haiti rebelled before the construction of infrastructure and now their economy sucks hard . 
  yes , people died during the constructions , that was quite common everywhere , not just in the colonies . 
  germany owes , us owes , france owes , britain owes , india owes , china owes , japan owes , italy owes , turkey owes , chile owes , spain owes . 
  learn to look forward instead of backwards . 
  we do n't owe them anything . 
  even the colonial powers mentioned do not either . 
  who had build most of the infrastructure in africa , india and so on ? 
  colonial powers ofcourse . 
  i hate the idea of owing . 
  all of the nations were killing , raping and destroying throughout the history . 
  by your logic we all would have to be drown in debts to each other . 
  well , it 's natural for people to feel love for their home because of their shared heritage , nation state has nothing to do with it . 
  europe is just a little bit too vast for that . 
  we do n't have much to unite us , except for the classical `` unity is strenght '' . 
  the fact itself that you have to nurture these feelings toward europe is kinda strange . 
  oh , okay , hungary is definitely western europe in terms of latin sphere but nevermind  was thinking of countries more to east . 
  mistake acknowledged . 
  yeah , people might try to feel european but at the end of the day they are always german , french , spanish and so on ... 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with that , it 's just natural . 
  this ad should be probably renamed to `` western europe . 
  whenever you are ready '' tho . 
  * northern yugoslavia i suppose, 
  i never get tired of seeing graphs like this , 
  i 'm not amused . 
  hah , traditionally low czech self-esteem , i do n't want to sound cocky but if there 's any country in former eastern sector to fully westernise it will be ours . 
  prague is already on higher level ( economically ) than many parts in western europe . 
  your comments always make me laugh :d some people need to chill the fuck out . 
  yeah , in my country gypsies have a lot of `` hidden '' benefits white people simply do not get . 
  you do n't have anything like that with turks ? 
  actually no , i think it 's more about a situation when you are applying for a job and there 's another guy and is part of some minority . 
  even though you are better than him he gets the job because being a minority is `` harder '' . 
  `` positive discrimination '', 
  pravda in slavic languages means `` the truth '' basically a commie newspaper . 
  there 's probably nobody in r/europe who can not speak english , but there is a lots of people who ca n't speak german or french . 
  it has no point really and will only complicate things . 
  were n't young turks those people who genocided armenians and greeks ? 
  if all people like him were idiots world would be a lot safer place , 
  easy , just ask yourself where from are the books you mostly read , movies from what country you mostly watch , what is your native language ... 
  because he knows what islam truly represents , many ex-muslims are strongly against islam . 
  i hope people who were saying it 's racist now shut up . 
  oh , it 's not written there but they are immigrants , you can try to google it . 
  yea , really ? 
  `` this article is about hungarians for example , a group of people with no cultural neighbors in europe '' ** finno ** - ugric finnnish and estonians , maybe ? 
  how come bulgarians have soviet memorial ? 
  you did n't tear them all down ? 
  nonsense . 
  i do n't want church to own anything . 
  they have enough power already . 
  past is past , that 's why i do n't want to spend my money on it . 
  catholics raped our land when we were protestant and forced our people through constant bullying that took place for generations to convert and we pay them now ? 
  :[ this makes me angry . 
  is islam the only religion to preach hate so openly ? 
  oh , not this again , i 'm really annoyed by this guy . 
  ca n't we take anything fuckin seriously . 
  i would n't be annoyed if i did n't think some people were actually going to vote for him . 
  i 'm sad that we , first time in history can vote our president and for some people it 's just a stupid joke . 
  how exactly people think this will end ? 
  we are just sitting on a ticking bomb here . 
  nonsense , burn it all . 
  it definetely should n't be a big country , power should be more balanced . 
  i disagree with federal european state but if i were to decide i would have built a new city on czech-austrian-german borders . 
  just a thought of it , jeez , that would be horrific . 
  okay , i respect yours then . 
  i do n't think so , country like mine with mostly non-religious citizens might sometimes need a person like this , not poltician but a king who could unite and motivate people in times of trouble . 
  yes , it 's old and archaic but so is democracy . 
  also , countries in the world these days with kings and queens these days are usually the most united and stable . 
  that does n't change anything . 
  so you think long time ago ancestors of the royal family did n't work hard to get where they are ? 
  `` who quite literally only by virtue of birth have an extremely privileged position in society '' that 's same for every child born to rich parents, 
  wow , quite a difference o.o, 
  i said it twice because i was not sure you understood to me . 
  i say that they do not die if they are n't forced to , which they usually are , but we live in 21th century now . 
  ofcourse , many things are lost in translation but i do n't feel like learning latin and definitely not mandarin chinese . 
  that is not what the argument was about . 
  i 'm really sorry but i think it 's quite funny how you seem kinda offended by what vikings did more than thousand years ago in times when death was on every corner and 300 years before half of europe died because of the plague . 
  viking leaders were usually unsucessful throne claimers so they really did n't have any other choice ... were they overly barbaric ? 
  definitely . 
  it seemed like you wanted to crash if it you have chosen these examples . 
  it does n't have to be 16th century but it should n't be example 2000 years apart from the european one . 
  i find it interesting that although romanian is romance language you have words like `` bogata '' which is from slavic influence . 
  `` why not just provide the ethnic natives with more rights ? 
  like , maybe a slightly higher minimum wage ? ', 
  i am sorry , but this has made laugh , do you know why there are so many ukranians in my country with a lot of people offering jobs to them ? 
  because they more than willingly work for a lot less than natives . 
  you probably did n't understand , i said they do not fade themselfs . 
  egypt was attacked many many times , egyptians were overun by arabs and their culture faded , and similiar things happend before that , there are many reasons why their culture faded . 
  vikings were people from scandinavia who were forced to go and plunder because they usually did n't have any other choice . 
  mostly people in scandinavia were n't vikings , they were simple farmers .
