  even though i was n't really talking about ethinicities or nationalities , but religion which has nothing to do with race . 
  - i realize i 'm talking to a troll , but there are people who actually believe what you just said i find you trying to undermine things i say by calling me a troll funny . 
  - instead you go apeshit over people being offended at things . 
  i thought you were a little bisased but this ? 
  me calmly discussing this subject is `` going apeshit '' to you ? 
  what 's the problem with generalizations ? 
  it 's the basic part of the human nature , nothing in social science is accurate and therefore we ca n't basically say anything without making atleast some generalizations so there 's really nothing wrong with it . 
  if `` smart and clever '' means not going apeshit over some silly set of rules written by a guy living in a desert centuries ago in your book then yeah it 's too bad ... 
  yep , you let them in , now deal with their stupidity . 
  i mean what did you expect from people whose life is based on one book with an average iq usually around 80-90 . 
  not trying to offend anyone , just stating the fact . 
  yeah , i watched documentaries about gay people from serbia . 
  i think the government did the right thing , serbians are not yet mentally prepared to accept people people with different orientation . 
  http://www.telegraaf.nl/binnenland/12511261/__veel_lage_iq_s_in_amsterdam__.html i speak german and english so my dutch is so so :d is this true ? 
  czechoslovakia was , even then , a true democratic state , which was not so common in europe and anti-fascist fighters even if they were communists believed in democracy . 
  that 's why they posed a danger for the strongly undemocratic communist party soviets created . 
  lies !, 
  i do n't believe this , our biggest rightwing parties just want to scare us and lure into voting for them . 
  this may be partly good because people here are actually flipping shit right now and even those who have never voted before might actually start now , it 's also a bad thing because although right is definitely better than left and red it is still equally corrupt . 
  i 'll be voting for my small rightwing party full of young people that actually want things to change instead of rats from commie regime that just changed sides . 
  breathtaking . 
  well , ofcourse , people with happy and full lifes usually do n't have many reasons to convert . 
  some people just stay christian because they were raised in that way even though they do n't really take it seriously . 
  eastern germans were n't raised like that so they do n't even pretend . 
  well , the first reason is that it 's connected to the strongest western economy = western germany , second reason is that it was way better than most countries in former eastern block ( not sure about the czechoslovakia ) before and during the regime so it is quite logical . 
  well , it 's not illegal , we 'll just have to annex slovakia in the near future  hussite flag would be really out of place , i think , since our biggest religious group are catholics . 
  yeah , actually , at at the end of the day you are the true hero , right ? 
  your country is overrun by economical crisis , that 's why you , educated and industruous , almost non-greek ran away , that 's what you wrote . 
  i did n't pass judgement on you because you left your country when it had problems , i understand some people just go where the money is . 
  i passed judgment on you because of your attitude : `` i , smart person left all the idiots back home '' . 
  sorry , but i seriously dislike people like you . 
  you ran from your country in time of need and now you are taking moral high ground ? 
  i love the way people here are reacting in : `` yea , why not ? 
  let them leave , but we 'll make their life a lot fucking harder . '', 
  that 's the sense of democracy of an average european for you . 
  great , we better learn it fast while we are still a majority in our countries !, 
  / joke, 
  it 's not that easy to get wasted from normal beer . 
  what ?? 
  i would never tell anyone to enjoy herpes !, 
  edit : okay , on a more serious note , it was more than anything a reaction to people who mock countries with big gypsy minorities and call them racist . 
  now , let 's see how you will deal with them , surely better than us - racist easterners , 
  well , even jean-jacques rousseau was talking about the fact that southern countries need dictatorships ( no offence intended , seriously ) . 
  my knowledge of franco 's regime is limited . 
  i would 've definitely not compared him to hitler though , there are only few people in modern history that can be compared to him and franco is n't one of them . 
  well , what can i say ? 
  enjoy them , germany , they will surely be a great addition to your hardworking society . 
  a lot better imho , i laughed hard , 
  well , ofcourse , he 's right . 
  eu is already too complicated and awfully bureaucratic . 
  key to a working democratic instution is in simplicity . 
  but i 'm not sure if there is any point discussing this matter anymore . 
  please do n't be mad at me , europhiles , for my opinion , but as your hated klaus foretold , eu is on the brink of collapse and i think it will cease to exist in 10-20 years ? 
  maybe sooner , who knows . 
  you are one to talk italy  yea , we get money from the eu but we also send a lot of money there . 
  not sure about the exact ratio though . 
  and still he 's smarter than you are, 
  circlejerk ... 
  that 's what being civilized means these days i guess , we ca n't become like them , so just let them fuck us over . 
  i find it funny how people are always suprised when muslims actually act as their holy book tells them to . 
  they are just taking their religion seriously . 
  the best kind of therapy . 
  no , i was n't suggesting anything like that so stop accusing me of that shit . 
  the only thing i was suggesting were tougher crime punishments . 
  when it comes to rape statistics australia is always in top 10 or even top 5 i think . 
  no offence intended really , but would you define you policies as tough or not ? 
  edit : and some prove of what you have said please . 
  actually , yes , i do n't care if you are here under asylum , make problems and we 'll throw you back to whatever country you came from . 
  but , yea , what `` flyingorange '' said . 
  my argument was n't race-specific , i would n't have cared if the rape is commited by an ethnic swede or some ethiopian , they would get the same treatment . 
  `` if we punish the father disproportionately '' this makes me doubt your values . 
  so you are basically saying that rapists should n't be punished too much or their children will hate you for it ? 
  this makes me kinda sick to my stomach . 
  my dad is a rapist , but he was n't punished too harshly for it so i will just integrate now , okay ? 
  fuck the victim , it 's for greater good . 
  strange logic . 
  i think it 's totally clear what 's going on . 
  sweden as other scandinavian nations has really weak policies when it comes to punishing criminals . 
  i mean their prisons are more hotels than prisons . 
  i 'm sorry , but then do n't be surprised that people , immigrants mostly i presume , take advantage of it . 
  and , no , some people just ca n't be `` cured '' . 
  yea , well , i 'm happy to drink only beer and wine . 
  though i ca n't imagine that people will always buy expensive alcohol for parties to mix it with some lemonade . 
  edit : and i think probihition does n't apply only to cheap alcohol . 
  that 's a great idea , actually . 
  great , and just a month ago i was laughed at because i expressed my fears over this . 
  this ca n't happen here i heard . 
  fuck this . 
  one moment you are drinking with your girlfriend , the next you are blind or dead . 
  i would seriously like to see people getting shot for this . 
  world is already fucking multicultural , europe is already fucking multicultural . 
  why push it over the edge ? 
  we have different cultures because we have lived seperately and now it seems people do anything they can to mix these cultures forcefully . 
  i will never understand this logic . 
  i watched too many sci-fi horror films to not know where this is going . 
  so do you understand what you are proposing exactly ? 
  should foreign investors also keep all the money in the country , maybe give 90 % of it to r&d or build some infrastructure , maybe ? 
  why would these companies invest in these things unless they would be clearly connected to their profits . 
  their only goal is to create product and sell it unless they are some kind of non-profit . 
  what you are saying is so far away from reality .
