  i find it funny that you in order to crash my argument chose probably the most famous asian book after kamasutra that is about warfare and does n't have much cultural stuff in it and one of the most hated and controversial books in europe . 
  not even mentioning that one is from before the times of alexander the great and the second is from 15th century ad . 
  why would mandarin or latin be needed ? 
  there are plenty of good translations , i actually finished one great book from 13th century a month ago . 
  prague 42,800 $ per capita  rest of the country 27,062 $ per capita, 
  cultures do n't fade by themselfs . 
  they might transform , yes , but not fade . 
  edit : for example read some 15th century european book and then some 16th century chinese book and see to which one you can relate more . 
  i understand what you mean , but we are talking europe here . 
  american immigration laws are a lot tougher and therefore , i think , better . 
  you accept succesful , talanted and rich . 
  we accept basically anyone who is lucky enough . 
  and using new york as an example is quite strange , it has been the city of business for a long time . 
  a lot of people dream of having their business there . 
  also american laws are a lot more welcoming when it comes to business . 
  and everything is just more stable than in europe . 
  definitely , external cultures are always enriching , i eat in chinese and vietnamese restaurants every second week . 
  but when i travel to western germany and visit cities and there is a street where i ca n't see anyone but turkish people speaking turkish i think there 's something seriously wrong here . 
  and i do n't mean it in a racist way . 
  if osaka or shangai were full of whites i would n't be happy either . 
  and from what i have heard , even german politicians say that turkish people ( atleast a lot of them ) do n't really want to integrate and learn german . 
  i think what 's wrong with the idea of multiculturalism is that it does n't really realize that our world is already quite multicultural , 
  well , far right or not , truth is that european cultures fade away slowly . 
  governments refuse to do anything about it and that 's why people react . 
  `` far right '' has basically became insult to people who simply want to protect their culture . 
  i just do n't understand why some people think protecting ones culture is something to be disgusted about . 
  actually , there 's probably some discrimination to it because when people from europe do it , it 's taken as racism and bigotry but if people from countries like bhutan , peru or indonesia would be doing it then there would be nothing wrong with it . 
  i think that 's because there 's nothing else to do in these countries mostly inhabited by penguins besides preparing for the olympics . 
  / joke, 
  honestly do n't know why you are getting negative karma , i laughed . 
  yep , i always considered funny how other european countries insulted us for treating the gypsies wrong , for being racist and other things like that . 
  none of these people from countries with no gypsies has any idea what it means . 
  gypsies are usually violent , stealing is part of their culture ( this i do n't mean as an insult , but a simple fact ) and their unable to integrate . 
  they should n't you say ? 
  well , i personally do n't give a fuck . 
  but because of our laws we have to pay them , pay for their children which they have lots of . 
  the problem is that they mostly do n't work and if most likely illegaly . 
  and situation being bad as it is , what might happen if we stop paying them ? 
  they will start stealing even more , but it will not make them work harder in order to survive , it wo n't make them send their children to school and motivate them to learn , that 's not how gypsies think and behave . 
  and there 's about 200\u00a0000-300\u00a0000 in my 11 million country so you might try to understand how hard this situation sucks for us . 
  but i 'm still happy because here it is not nearly as problematic as in slovakia , hungary and other southeastern countries where the ratio is even worse . 
  what 's race got to do with anything ? 
  well , media do this a lot in fear of being labeled as racists . 
  i have almost no idea what the situation is like in sweden , that 's why i was asking , do n't get so offended please . 
  well , my usa argument still stands , they have been doing pretty well without having to high tax rich . 
  i do n't think nations should be spending so much money on military if they ca n't pay for it and are not in a war . 
  while czechia is definitely underdeveloped in comparison to western countries even here are heard voices that want to implement taxes for the rich . 
  and you would be surprised but czechia has plenty of nuclear power , we are even supplying neighboring countries with it . 
  the main issue here is the motivation . 
  rich people buy things , build things and sponsor things , you can imagine what an attack on their motivation to do these things these taxes are . 
  france is already getting money from vat tax , excise tax and so on . 
  so if rich people start buying less , companies who used to make things rich people were buying might start firing people . 
  as these workers become unemployed they will stop paying taxes and they will be getting money from the state . 
  this is why i think these high taxes are not a smart thing to do . 
  sorry to tell you this , but it 's not quite true . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quality-of-life_index i did n't take any offence at all , do n't worry . 
  what would make financial sense in czechia but not in france ? 
  i 'm honestly interested . 
  size of a country has absolutely nothing to do with this , but even if it did , france is only about 7 times bigger than my country and has about 7 times more citizens which means it 's perfectly manageable . 
  usa has been working with small taxes for a long time and it really does n't have any problems with running out of money . 
  i feel there 's some socialist hatred toward rich in this subreddit . 
  could someone say if those `` leftists '' were actually muslims ? 
  no , it makes no sense . 
  immorality is the opposition of morality . 
  no one argues about these things being different . 
  saying science is immoral is like saying it 's wrong . 
  saying it 's moral is like saying it 's good . 
  both is nonsense . 
  it 's neither good or bad . 
  it can be used in moral or immoral ways , that 's it . 
  there 's a lot of biased readings , true . 
  well , that 's exactly the point i was making . 
  science being immoral is no different to it being moral tho , same nonsense . 
  what religious arguments are being made is not important , we are talking science here are n't we ? 
  and it is conclusive , ask any non-biased scientist . 
  i 'm having some strong deja vu here . 
  what are your views of science ? 
  atomic bombs have no morals , they will fall on whatever humans want them to , it 's the humans with their moral principles who decide . 
  ... oh , boy , you have absolutely no idea then . 
  many older men have plenty of problems with their foreskin , hygiene or not . 
  there is almost no danger of penis cancer with circumcision . 
  also some men have problems with odour , the only protection for them other than circumsion would be washing it hourly . 
  `` scientifically right thing '' well , this is a new concept for me . 
  science has no morals , if society rules would be based on ` scientifically right thing '' things could get pretty ugly in no time . 
  but back to the topic , there are risks of infection , ofcourse , but if done properly , it certainly has benefits in later life . 
  dangerous to who ? 
  not to me . 
  i can already see how they 're going to listen to him . 
  `` language education is in a terrible state '' on what basis are you saying that ? 
  irish language has only about 94000 native speakers , it would be almost the same thing if serbians spoke english at home . 
  you have probably missed the fact that italians are europeans . 
  well , you would probably have hard time finding ethnic russian who would refer to himself as asian . 
  russia belongs to europe , atleast its most important western part , asian russia ofcourse is not european . 
  russia is different but culturally still european and their primary land is in europe . 
  saying russia isnt in europe is like saying britain wasnt because she had colony in india . 
  turkeys not european because they came from asia and just took the land , their homeland is around where turkmenistan is in asia , they are culturally not european and their land belongs to other nations ( de facto ), 
  well , definitely . 
  i think we have a lot in common when it comes to sense of humour , i remember laughing really hard at monthy python shows , red dwarf or yes , minister  let 's keep it up and cynism the fuck out of europe . 
  about 20 % would be fine with you , thats why its wrong to insult whole country . 
  `` if denmark was '' but its not right ?
