  and thats why you feel so superior over those simple ukranian rednecks ... theres no point in discussing this any further , i just know plenty of great ukranians and this was close to heart . 
  `` support for their own hostile interpretation of islam . '', 
  this is getting kinda old `` mohammed illyas , general secretary of waltham forest mosque '' people in his position take their religion seriously , goal of islam as it is written in koran is to spread islam and create a caliphate , there is also written there that muslims can lie to infidels in order to help their faith `` i do find it interesting that so many of the extremists in the daily mail article seem to be british born muslim converts ! '', 
  its because they know better than we all do what kind of messed up religion it is ... 
  it needs racist mentality because the only difference between you and any other ukranian is that you were born in different countries . 
  i find it really funny how you self-proclaimed `` fighters against racism '' have it so easy to just insult whole country . 
  i think mentality needed for that is the same mentality needed for racism . 
  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2020382/you-entering-sharia-law-britain-as-islamic-extremists-declare-sharia-law-zone-london-suburb-worrying-social-moral-implications.html you think polish and swedish are not of western origin ? 
  yay !, 
  hope a lot of politicians will be busted now  3, 
  use google , 45 out of 48 who commited rape were muslims . 
  and almost every person in norway of non-western origin is a muslim so its not really a surprise . 
  there are places in britain where sharia law is in function , again use google . 
  `` for the first ten years of this century , media driven islamophobia was at its peak . 
  every single day there would be dozens of anti-islamic news stories across the media , many of them completely untrue . 
  that was nothing more than a concerterted propaganda campaign to justify wars in muslim countries . 
  and almost overnight it stops . 
  media doesnt just report facts as news it also serves as a government '' normally i would have agreed but if you look at number of commited honor killings in britain it might become a lot more beliaveble . 
  when it come to media propaganda i dont think it was as anti-muslim as you say . 
  `` sure there are plenty that are far from modern , but they are vastly outnumbered by those that live normal , ordinary lives and our society benefits from those people , they contribute greatly to society . 
  however the media doesnt focus on these people they focus on the loudmouths and extremists . 
  yes there is a problem with radicalism in europe . 
  just as there is a problem with separatism in europe and the far right in europe . 
  lets be honest there faith has been under attack . 
  the media has calmed down as the war in muslim countries is winding down . 
  yeah , i guess they are outnumbered but not that vastly as one might think . 
  christianity was also under attack , but you dont see christian al-qaeda . 
  i think the very reason they are reacting in this manner is the reason why islam is dangerous . 
  `` the idea that somehow we will all be forced to live under shariah law is so utterly ridiculous its laughable . 
  it will never happen . 
  ever . '', 
  i always enjoy it when people say something like this . 
  hey , lets wait a decade or two and well see , right ? 
   `` they have seen a million killed in their lands since 2001 i think they have more to fear than us . 
  i can only speak from my experiences with the egyptians i know , they hate the terrorists and what they have done in the name of islam . '', 
  well , they havent seen it with their eyes . 
  i dont think thats much of an argument really . 
  fear is one of the reasons why they might turn to radicalism . 
  and im sure there are plenty of normal muslims , thats not the case . 
  `` he will be our dictator . '', 
  saddam hussain was ours too . 
  they were collecting some information from british muslims lately . 
  according to that 32 % of muslims think it might be okay to kill in the name of the religion , 40 % wants sharia law in britain . 
  so please dont give me that `` modern european muslim '' because theres plenty of them that are far from modern . 
  and muslims these days feel like their faith is under attack + crisis so my theory is that it will get even worse . 
  and if you dont its possible look what happend in iran . 
  what i am really afraid of is how muslims are bound to their religion . 
  so what might happen in the future with rising muslim number is that their radical religious leaders might force even `` modern '' muslims into something radical through threats and such . 
  syria is our friend until another dictator takes the power . 
  i dont think kosovo should have been ever created . 
  its a land basically stolen from serbia by albanians . 
  that is what i was talking about , lets not make a racial problem out of it . 
  its about religion , if you agree with jihad , think its okay to stone woman for adultery , then i think you should not be walking in the streets of european cities . 
  there is a massive propaganda going on in europe that wants to make people think that people that are against islam are all stupid and racist rednecks . 
  so automatically many people when hearing arguments against islam are a lot less likely to give it a second thought because they dont want to be in any way similiar to skinheads . 
  you go swedes !, 
  edit : lol , i misread the title , though it was the other way around, 
  i do get it , you dont it seems . 
  i wouldnt be comparing these two . 
  i dont hate eu but i think its existence should be stopped . 
  am i a hater because of that ? 
  lol, 
  i wonder why so many people dont know the difference between being anti-european and anti-europeunion ... 
  yes , your national bank borrows money because you are drowning in debts . 
  and yes , your countrys economy isnt a total mess . 
  most `` civilized '' countries are secure enough to take loans from their own citizens . 
  on other hand taking it with negative interests is just a sign of how bad is that country doing . 
  southern europe is in extremely bad situation , one can say that you are not at all in situation that is as bad as theirs , but that doesnt mean its good either . 
  not even mentioning that denmarks financial institutions were again downgraded by moodys . 
  hah , thats so not true . 
  if you mean denmark . . it has debt of 180 % of its gdp , sweden 187 % . 
  basically all western european nations , you just lived too well . 
  this was a specific case , we werent talking about rape worldwide . 
  most of the african countries are muslim . 
  and what you think norway is ? 
  poor western nation ? 
  i really have no desire to continue , lets wait few years and then well see whos wrong and whos right . 
  you seem to have dismissed `` opposition politicians '' then . 
  almost every immigrant of non-western looks in norway is a muslim . 
  im ofcourse not judging only from this case alone . 
  like i said do your own research . 
  search this thread , theres a comment that shows how many percentages of muslims agree with some radical stuff . 
  http://www.israelnationalnews.com/news/news.aspx/150378#.ubx2zbuzs3p bello reports that from january to late october , 48 rapes were confirmed to have been carried out in oslo alone , 45 of them by muslims . 
  i might be white but i am tan as fuck so them being non-white is really not the case . 
  well , ofcourse , europe is extremely leftist , that is why we are drowning in debts after all . 
  you wanted me to provide sources and i did , then you ran out of arguments and as most people you insulted me with typical `` racist '' `` hater '' and so on . 
  maybe you should think a little more . 
  want another site so the informations are more `` beliaveble '' ? 
  here you go . 
  http://www.thelocal.no/page/view/count-of-sex-assaults-doubles-in-oslo many of these women got excuses from their rapists similiar to `` my religion says i can do this '' and if you truly were interested in whats really going on you would do your own research . 
  you probably misunderstood me , i have nothing against muslims , many of them `` were born '' muslim and that is something that is hard to get out from . 
  i know many muslims that hate sharia law and wouldnt never beat a woman but then again are they really muslims ? 
  when someone accuses me of being racist on basis of me being against islam i lose my interest in talking to them . 
  i am done with you , do your own research . 
  thats the best you came up with ? 
  cant stand people like you who just transform everything into racism . 
  someone already posted the british thing here . 
  heres norway . 
  they do . 
  check out british sharia laws , all rapes in oslo for last 5 years have been commited by muslims and and theres a lot more and i am afraid it will be even worse in the future .
