  this apathy here and everywhere in europe is getting really annoying . 
  muslim kills 7 innocent people and the first argument is that not all muslims are like this . 
  who gives a damn ? 
  people are dying all the time , so instead of protecting muslims protect people who are actually suffering and dying . 
  my point is that the real problem here are actually the so called `` peaceful '' muslims who are n't doing anything to stop or prevent this . 
  i find the title bitterly hilarious , `` moderate muslim stood up against extremist muslims '' - a little too fucking late do n't you think ? 
  i would n't , they do . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it says you have a bigger chance of being attacked because of your race if you 're not white . 
  and since the number of white people is a lot higher if 10 white people are attacked and only 1 non-white you already have a bigger chance if you 're not white . 
  yeah , i heard of this , northern and central england , people coming from working class families are more likely to behave like this . 
  what i find disturbing is the propaganda , they say there was an increase of 20 000 in racially aggravated incidents but what they do n't say is what percentage is against whites , it could be 95 % for all we know . 
  if attacks from whites were only a revenge it would already mean that non-whites are more threatened . 
  not being racist , just bringing in another perspective . 
  i think you mean netherlands . 
  do n't we have this already ? 
  basques are extreme , there is not many asturians and galicians and not many andalusians use internet . 
  are you from catalonia ? 
  no offence , just trying to be sherlocky , 
  i find funny how it looks like our country is ancient :0, 
  heh , not only that we should not admit any new countries , i believe some should be kicked out , 
  well , i think czech republic has already reached that point ( because south europe ) so the real question is when we reach the economic level of countries like germany or france ? 
  do n't know , might take a while . 
  slovenia is about the same as us at this point . 
  i do n't really believe that poland will be third one , there are too many negative factors . 
  neither estonia . 
  my bet is on either hungary or croatia . 
  you 're just mad there was no portuguese . 
  yes , because it 's russian and it must be of full of lies and propaganda unlike western sites , right ? 
  funny thing , what 's moral , fair and acceptable is again for democracy to decide . 
  no , it does not at all , as the other guy said there 's a thing called crime against humanity . 
  yea , i was n't talking about people getting massacred . 
  3 people are not democratic because they have to live according to laws , they ca n't decide not to . 
  whole country , however , can change laws and it 's perfectly alright . 
  maybe we should accept half of the pakistan , syria , afghanistan as asylum seekers then . 
  lol ? 
  genocide , then crimes against humanit ? 
  sending immigrants back to their country is a crime against humanity ? 
  that 's just absurd . 
  you might think this is funny now . 
  but it 's actually fckin scary , their numbers grow . 
  in my opinion , democracy always comes first , no excuses or compromises , no matter what euro-polticians might say . 
  what do you mean by `` basic human rights '' ? 
  i do n't think there 's a right about keeping immigrants in your country . 
  - since i still live in a continent where there is freedom to live anywhere i want if i respect the law and culture of the hosting country well , that 's just not true , you definitely ca n't live anywhere you want just because you want to . 
  if this were true i suppose there would a massive immigration of southerns to the north which would be really bad both for the south and the north . 
  - there are guidelines and laws that protect immigrants , we are not just cattle that the host country can just use , abuse and then throw away . 
  it 's always some kind of a deal , you live in switzerland because of the higher standard of living . 
  - being an immigrant is a very hard job , most people have no idea how it 's like to be handled as a second class human being just because you happened to be born in another place . 
  yes , if you want a better life you have to make sacrifices . 
  what about all those africans ? 
  do you think they have better life than you do ? 
  is n't it unfair that just because they were born in africa their life should be harder ? 
  i know it sucks for you and all but it 's democracy and if they want you there or not is their decision . 
  careful , this person suffers from the typical czech bitterness , do n't take stuff he says too seriously . 
  brno is a fantastic city , many of my friends who moved there love it , western foreigners too . 
  and this is only the beginning , same as with vassal states in the medieval times . 
  when you start showing weakness , people will try to exploit it . 
  just fed up with pointless discussion , 
  oh okay , thx . 
  so they basically think interest rate is too high . 
  could someone explain to me why some greeks hate germany ? 
  i saw lots of pictures from demonstrations , but it all seems so illogical to me . 
  yea , who knows , maybe we are all open minded and brainwashed at the same . 
  i did n't downvote you , but since you 've mentioned that i will now . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  i 'm an open minded person . 
  i did n't ask you to , 
  are you one of these people that argue just to argue ? 
  actually , you are victimizing yourself . 
  neither i said that you are brainwashed or unable to accept different opinions . 
  i 'm completly okay with people disagreeing with me . 
  what i want is to lead an open discussion without name calling . 
  and you already started imlying that i 'm a racist so that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  that 's what you people do n't get , they are brainswashed into not accepting different opionions as i said , that 's why the stoning . 
  i 'm all up for discussion and respect . 
  but that 's usually not the the case here . 
  no , it 's not possible - my own experience . 
  people here are brainwashed from the childhood into this virgin idea of love in multicultural society . 
  if someone dares to have a different opinion , he gets stoned . 
  i mean even the comments here - yes it 's possible , but - and here it goes , no , you ca n't have opinions like this . 
  it 's better to have this kind of conversations in the real life because in there people are less sure about their ultimate truths and more open than on the internet with people whom they ca n't look into the eyes . 
  oh , oh , oh , how will i react now ? 
  oh , yea i 'll just say that the guy has no idea what he 's talking about . 
  nice one . 
  yeah , sure , old testament , but i really doubt we 'll be seeing lots of kingdoms of heaven soon . 
  no , i expected you not to ridicule this subject to only women having to wear veils . 
  i did n't search for any posts , really . 
  i thought by now you would understand why . 
  i was expecting this  islam in its pure form is a fascist ideology , as nazism was . 
  and if someone disagrees then please explain to me what is islam in its pure form . 
  and what do you know about being a muslim ? 
  i guess not much if you think hidjab and burka are the only things that muslims strive for . 
  lots of muslims in uk would prefer sharia law , and young ones for that . 
  i personally know plenty of muslims that seem to be perfectly integrated , but get to know them a little better and they soon start talking about women in the west having too much responsibilities , that sharia law might not be such a bad idea . 
  with their growing numbers it 's a ticking bomb really . 
  do n't give me that , if you were protecting nazis because they were n't gasing jews at the moment , it would be the same thing as protecting the whole ideology . 
  well , yeah , posts that `` defend '' islam are logically pro-islam . 
  well , yeah , `` my rules '' stands for laws that apply to everybody . 
  if majority wants something different then majority should vote for a party that would give special status to muslims that want sharia law in their ghettos and things like that .
