  who the fuck needs a philosopher these days ? 
  give me 90 % of your money . 
  lol , what a fucking circlejerk . 
  well , yeah , but we have been all playing the same game . 
  they just play better than others and are punished for it . 
  just throwing this out there , please dont react - i do n't feel like arguing , your view point might be better . 
  nothing has changed . 
  still loving this `` winter . '', 
  i 've never met anyone from scandinavia who would like their weather . 
  haha , lately i have to check what subreddit i 'm on . 
  definitely try [ sv\u00ed\u010dkov\u00e1 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sv%c3%ad%c4%8dkov%c3%a1 ) and [ \u010cesne\u010dka ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cc/%c4%8cesne%c4%8dka.jpeg ) which is great soup with garlic and melted cheese . 
  there is nothing to stay away from i suppose . 
  i hate some meals other people love so i 'm not sure . 
  oh yeah , stay away from [ kyselo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kyselo ) - it tastes as bad as it looks . 
  well , since i 'm well aware of the displeasure of driving by car in moscow i can sort of relate . 
  i wonder though and it saddens me , is it this mentality that burdens some countries in europe ? 
  instead of using the money to build new infrastructure for us , our children and grandchildren some people choose to do this . 
  lol , this seems like a really bad orwellian propaganda . 
  thank you for your answer , i always suspect that when documentary flm looks just a little bit too polished there 's something fishy in it . 
  it 's interesting how your state of things resembles ours . 
  hmm , interesting , i always thought estonia was quite poor . 
  i know about the baltic tigers , but still . 
  could someone bring some light into this ? 
  edit : nevermind , checked the stats, 
  no , brother , you 're not alone . 
  without sea , the only good thing about the spring here are the miniskirts . 
  winter air is the best air . 
  i guess these people are not the euro politicians ? 
  i 'm sorry but this has made laugh hard . 
  so because of some stupid white propaganda from 100years ago you choose to ignore facts today ? 
  should i also feel guilty because of the crusades ? 
  - it 's extremely simplistic to boil it down to ` religion or race ' . 
  religion is a very large part of the cultural identity of any person , just as christianity is it in your country . 
  and there are many different degrees of being religious , while still identifying yourself as belonging to a certain religion , to the point of just being `` cultural christian '' or `` cultural muslim '' . 
  no , it 's not simplistic at all - it 's the only way , you ca n't accuse someone of being racist because he dislikes this or that religion . 
  religion and to some degree culture is something you can choose , race you can not . 
  - while in your example you are probably against fundamentalist islam , which we can certainly agree is a very bad influence , you for some strange reason decide to paint everyone who calls themselves a muslim with this brush . 
  atleast we can agree on something . 
  - in doing so you target people , who do not share the fundamentalist views that you seem to subscribe to all muslims . 
  i have friends and colleagues who are muslim , and good and hard working citizens of my country , but you want to destroy their lives and uproot them from everything they know simply because of their cultural identity . 
  certainly you can see how that is offensive to me . 
  not least to them . 
  no , no . 
  who today does n't have a muslim friend . 
  i have few muslims friends myself . 
  i can respect their opinions even though i always show my big disagreement with them . 
  i know only one muslim who calls himself muslim because of his parents influence . 
  most are proud , even so , they drink , smoke weed and touch women without any kind of muslim morale - they live their lives just like any other people . 
  but when it comes to more serious debate , they never say that they strongly oppose sharia law or terrorists , their opinions are usually cloudy - that is what i find dangerous . 
  - and if we are to pursue the issue of religion and race further , and how they conflate at times , you would do well to read up on the history of the jews . 
  please , not this again . 
  jews never forced their views and religion on others . 
  - i do n't know why you 'd presume to know anything about the extent of my knowledge . 
  well , since you brought up my views on islam into the debate where it does n't matter at all . 
  and this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  religion has nothing to do with race you might have noticed this before . 
  and most black people in africa are christian not muslim , that 's probably something you also do n't know . 
  well , yeah , i would like to deport people who want sharia law . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  i see women as equals and want them to keep their hard earned rights . 
  i find this reddit hivemind both funny and scary . 
  you basically ca n't express fear for a white female going to africa without being accused of being whatnot . 
  it 's ofcourse not a question of being a white lady , it 's about sticking out in the crowd . 
  when you 're around potentional rapists , you really do n't want to stick out , especially in a place where law is lawless . 
  both dangerous parts of the world ... and even more for a woman who will attract attention , maybe ? 
  oh great and my blonde cousin wants to travel to africa this year , my nerves will crumble . 
  hmm , interesting . 
  is he pure maltese or is he part english ? 
  i imagined them to have olive skin but he is n't even tan . 
  i heard irish is mandatory in lower classes in school . 
  wow , this has such a great feeling of post-apocaylptic atmosphere to it . 
  guess it 's not so great in reality tho . 
  please , put space after a dot , it looks horrendously bad . 
  and mythology has it that our country is named after the forefather \u010cech who was supposed to found the nation . 
  aw , just because something is n't famous it ai n't good ? 
  russian cuisine is n't famous either but i would say it offers some really great food . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bavarian_cuisine it may not look as good as southern food from esthetical point of view but it 's still damn good . 
  and what do you mean by that ? 
  germany has some of the best food in europe i think . 
  especially the bavarian region . 
  yes , turkish culture is so european . 
  so let 's see , egypt conquers southern italy , renames neapoli to neapolibad and makes it its capital , kicks all italians out of there and starts eating pizza from time to time . 
  and here we go , egypt is european now . 
  wow , our flag looks really awful in both versions . 
  well , i think we have a misunderstanding here . 
  let 's take drugs for comparison . 
  a guy smokes weed and says he would never try heroin for example . 
  why would n't he do heroin ? 
  because he feels moral obligation to not try it ? 
  because he 's not stupid and he knows what might happen if he did . 
  there is no morality there , just fear , which would n't be a problem in this case , but what about politics ? 
  can the structures there be built solely on fear ? 
  i would n't really care that much but this is a really bad argument . 
  if you 're willing to waste 10 $ that are not yours , what is stopping you from wasting 1 000 000 $ . 
  not your morals clearly . 
  oh god , this is so cool and charismatic . 
  i do n't even need to think . 
  well , there is a difference between having racial diversity ( in politics even ) and calling for race mixing . 
  just putting this out there . 
  more like too late .
