  edit : well , maybe deeper in the eu they will because it 's not so much about democracy there anymore . 
  glad to see you 're not getting downvoted . 
  nigel farage seems to be one of the few who truly care about the europeans . 
  you just see his passion comes from his honesty . 
  actually bohemia and moravia which is nonsense . 
  because no matter what we 're keeping the flag . 
  source : history, 
  sadly , there 's too many people who think about what separates us instead of what unites us . 
  the thing is if we 're going to be separated like it is on the map we are going to need strong eu otherwise supercountries like china , india and brazill demolish us ecomically . 
  but is n't that nonsense ? 
  you will give up your country just so you could be ruled from brussels . 
  second option are stronger bigger countries ( spain or iberia , britain , germany , france and italy and also maybe czechoslovakia , slovenia/croatia ... ) with less eu power . 
  simply put it 's better being ruled by your cultural kin . 
  `` ambassador '' no matter how educated/situated you 're because you 're still a muslim . 
  sweet dreams , sadly `` balkanization '' seems to be one of the worse aspects of slavic mentality - we do n't have the unity and we ( big percentage atleast ) rather look at what separates us . 
  man , i think you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  maybe you mean istanbul is similar in mentality with greece . 
  i 'm guessing you 've never been to eastern turkey otherwise you would n't be saying this . 
  do n't expect to be neutral and factual when it comes to pope and the holy see and not get any downvotes or some `` smart '' `` wits '' . 
  do n't listen to this man please . 
  our biggest public debate is , ofcourse , on the president elections . 
  ofcourse you do n't . 
  when chechnya had autonomy it was them who blowed up your building because they wanted war with you so much right ? 
  yea , listen to your media more , they 're always telling you the truth . 
  i did n't , it 's just bullshit . 
  eu has no power over finlands indenpendency . 
  `` it 's being opressed , or when the country is not democratic '' you probably missed that . 
  just because you disagree with what he says you do n't have to misinterpret it and throw it back at him . 
  let me doubt this , haha . 
  what ? 
  you do realize russia ( sssr ) is against israel for quite a while ? 
  yes , russia , tell us more about occupation . 
  i do n't understand why is it so important to discuss what russia thinks about it . 
  it 's the same as if china wanted free catalonia . 
  even good trolls are downvoted here : /, 
  oh sure they can . 
  they took our visa-free access because of gypsies . 
  he 's clearly using his cell phone ... 
  `` both nazi germany and the ussr collapsed , nobody benefited from that , all that bloodshed was fruitless . '', 
  i 'm not sure who can upvote this . 
  actually things being cheap sometimes means that economy works better . 
  i know russian people who love to shop here because their economy is fucked up and the prices are way too high . 
  the reason why people may had been coming here to shop is because we had better connections with the western companies and therefore products that were sent here were cheaper - who knows . 
  no , all these stuff depend on different policies - level of centralization might also play some role in this ofcourse . 
  and being 4x times bigger is not much of a difference either . 
  being smaller might help but it 's definitely not an important factor . 
  slovenia and estonia are doing better but that 's because of trade connections - being close to the west . 
  if you want to see where your pattern fails look at other yugoslavian countries , macedonia , moldavia , hungary and others . 
  poland is about 2.6 times bigger than `` czechoslovakia '' is and has only 2 times more people . 
  size has nothing to do with this . 
  czechoslovakia was always ahead of poland in economy , actually it was easily on par with coutries from western europe . 
  our situation now is not about being ahead of eastern european countries but being so far behind the western ones . 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  why should italians in the north pay for the italians in the south ? 
  let them sort it out by themselfs . 
  that said i 'm against splitting . 
  lol . 
  so basically they were not liked everywhere . 
  ridiculous . 
  no more words . 
  i believe israel and palestine should have enough sense and independency to sort it out themselfs . 
  i have principles with none or minimal exceptions . 
  i just answered your argument , if it does n't apply all the time , than there is no reason for it to apply here . 
  so what ? 
  should we intervene in everything that 's taking too long then ? 
  well , in a way they are , in a way they are n't . 
  it really depends on the definition of being emotional . 
  we just believe that the question to this situation there should be answered through discussion with palestine and israel . 
  but ... but ... why do n't they just burn their oil ? 
  well , ofcourse , it 's every estonians dream to be considered nordic  edit : ahem , you kind of edited your comment . 
  okay , now i agree , your view is , in fact , extremely subjective . 
  - eastern europe sticks to its culture . 
  false, 
  because over there authoritarianism is still overt , and dominant . 
  yes , because the definition of `` european '' changes over time . 
  - so basically europe = / = authoritarianism and if in the future europe ( germanic or romance countries preferably ) comes back to it , it will again be cool and therefore european ? 
  you do n't have austro-hungarian empire in your cultural pedigree ? 
  reformation ? 
  holy roman empire ? 
  ethnicity has fuck all to do with it -- it 's about the ideologies one subscribes to , ideologies which were predominantly developed in germanic/romance sphere . 
  - czechs sure have austrian-hungarian past , reformation ( hussites ) has no real connection to this , holy roman empire , sure , but it sure as hell was n't and is n't requirement to being european . 
  if you 're talking about ideologies , what about greece and democracy ? 
  europe is a cultural clusterfuck with influence from all over the world , it 's not just germanic/romance . 
  why are estonians european ? 
  because you were conquered by denmark and then sweden ? 
  and if it 's all about ideologies , then many more countries are actually european , not just the ones actually in europe , right ? 
  well , so even though , as you say , authoritarian tendencies are a part of the european culture russians still having it do not count as europeans ? 
  were we even europeans 300 years ago ? 
  you might want to use a different word like `` backwards '' , not-european seems a little off . 
  i too have many russian friends and i do n't perceive their mentalities and culture as that different to western ones . 
  `` being part of shared germanic/romance-dominated culture '' - this i do not understand , are slavic people not european ? 
  i 'm sure we do n't need germanic/romance culture to be european . 
  okay , have you ever been to russia ? 
  i just wonder if you mean social or political culture , or both perhaps ? 
  and what it means to be european ? 
  was spain under franco or germany under hitler actually european or maybe it too had some `` mongol influences '' ? 
  could you elaborate please ? 
  well , i guess for a romanian that 's really politically incorrect , eh ? 
  i ca n't stand scandinavia because of how they think they 're the number 1 in everything and all other countries should follow their exact example . 
  also , turkey does n't belong in europe .
