  holy roman empire ftw !, 
  no , man , he has to be black and gay otherwise it 's nazism . 
  lol , the woman seems like a total retard and circlejerk around here is still so fucking strong . 
  why ca n't / r/europe have some educated people from a different spectrum instead of constantly lying `` liberals '' and their neverending hate for different opinions ? 
  so much butthurt in this thread . 
  i do n't like how 's the article trying to play emotional games with me . 
  i 'm not going to play emotional games with you , i wo n't say stuff like `` one arab guy was n't stopped by the police because he looked suspicious and then a woman was raped because of it '' - why wo n't i say this ? 
  because it 's fucking stupid and i would just be trying to get resentful emotions out of you . 
  what i want are facts . 
  what are the criminality rates of people of non-swedish origin ? 
  if we stop racial profiling will the number of victims increase or decrease ? 
  should we let all the illegal immigrants stay in our country so the guy in this article has an easier life ? 
  these questions i 'm not going to answer for you , but i would like a more pragmatic overview of this situation ... 
  nah , he just wanted to bash america . 
  well , this is `` europe '' . 
  sad troll . 
  no offence , france , but i think we are not signing any treaties with you anytime soon :p, 
  i find this extremely stupid and offensive . 
  you sir are an idiot . 
  or do you think this is something to make your idiotic jokes about ?? 
  http://imgur.com/a/iuedd you honestly deserve a punch . 
  a patriot , but i 'm guessing that is the same thing to you ... 
  yes , but discarding historical land of a country on the basis of `` why not ? '', 
  is not silly . 
  and calling someone nationalist because he thinks it 's fckin stupid is retarded , but i already knew that about you . 
  bullshit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inbreeding, 
  yeah , and hungary should n't even exist , your land belongs to austria . 
  what i mean is that your comment is retarded and you should feel retarded . 
  i will judge them because i think it 's incredibly stupid thing to feel and say , but i will not judge you for not judging them if that helps . 
  learn to read please ... 
  why should anyone feel guilty for something they have n't done ? 
  retarded logic . 
  gtfo with the guilt . 
  instead of accusing people of racism all the fucking time like an ignorant , try actually telling them why they 're wrong . 
  this is reddit man , start being more socialist and naive right now !, 
  my friend was in nz and she says she was almost cut by a machette there while visiting some tribes because there was some conflict going on . 
  just putting this out there , but i do n't know almost anything about maori . 
  [ `` saturnin '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saturnin_\\ ( novel \\ ) ) by zden\u011bk jirotka , funny and lighthearted book i simply love . 
  guys , this is not polandball . 
  stop referring to winter war like it was some huge success on finlands part . 
  they lost relatively big chunk of their population and land russia wanted . 
  it was a war they 're happy they survived . 
  not mentioning the war was the way it was because stalin killed off all good russian generals and picked a total loser for this war . 
  tables in this war turned when the new general came to the fight . 
  like we did with greece , right ? 
  you 're a hero to all slavs . 
  usually it runs deep , but it runs . 
  oh , here we go . 
  come on miners and lower class people from all over the world . 
  let 's celebrate death . 
  yea , fuck that . 
  that 's what they feed you with in russia . 
  nice , some people just do n't deserve right to voice their opinions , am i right ? 
  lol , this is so silly . 
  ofcourse it 's always our `` better '' opinion vs. their `` worse '' opinion . 
  whoever made this was n't as smart as he thought he was . 
  `` we '' righteous muslims who follow the word of allah `` they '' dirty european infidels, 
  and you 're doing it ? 
  i was trying to find sites like hulu without having so many restrictions . . any ideas ? 
  love this little guy . 
  is it legal to use netflix like this tho ? 
  peanut butter . 
  it is so , so expensive here . 
  we want them back . 
  does n't change anything but still :'(, 
  wow , ca n't say i hate this idea . 
  oh my god , really ? 
  my whole life was a lie . 
  source ? 
  - yes , but after that they still have a lot more money than poor/middle class people . 
  they pay more because it 's a percentage , which is fairer than a flat rate . 
  so acting as if they 'll somehow be rendered worse off than poor/middle-class people is disingenuous at best . 
  yes , because they are rich so it 's okay to take lots of money from them . 
  i 'm not going to fight this mentality here . 
  - you claimed that the sole reason rich people are so is because they are somehow more ` skilled ' at the game of life . 
  i pointed out that that is incorrect . 
  even if we ignore the fact that ` skill ' is such a subjective word as to be meaningless , if it were true people like plumbers would earn more money than , say , snooki . 
  besides that , a lot of rich people inherited their wealth . 
  hell , the wealthiest woman in australia ( forget her name , she owns a bunch of gold mines ) inherited all her wealth . 
  why the fuck are you talking about snooki ? 
  she was popular in her show and earned her money through her popularity . 
  just because you feel superior over her does n't mean she did n't earn her money as any other actor . 
  but since she 's kind of ugly and does things in which you 're not interested it 's seems completely okay to say that she is undeserving of her money . 
  so what ? 
  it were their ancestors who were successful and they freely decided to give their money to her . 
  - so what do you fucking call it , then ? 
  you put money into society via taxes , and that pays for roads , emergency services , national defence , education , laws , social safety net , and so on . 
  you obey the laws society sets , and you reap the benefit ( in theory ) . 
  if that 's not a social contract then what the fuck is it ? 
  so basically going to gulag in russia would also be a part of social contract . 
  as long as the laws are fair , which technically they are n't because no matter what happens richer and more successful will always pay more than poor and unsuccessful but even so it is tolerable . 
  high tax is a punishment . 
  - logical fallacies and left-wing godwins ahoy !, 
  well , it 's your logic , you set your rules , you want to decide who is just rich and who 's successful . 
  - so much for ' i do n't feel like arguing ' , eh ? 
  high tax is a punishment , even with the normal tax they already pay a lot more than poor/middle class people . 
  calling it a `` social contract '' is like some stupid phrase out of a shitty left-wing propaganda . 
  and you 're not here to judge whose money are made by skill , if he follows the law it 's none of your bussiness . 
  if you were to judge this we would be living in a communist state . 
  what are you , a philosopher ?
