how disappointing to see this on the bottom of the page with a lot of downvotes . 
  the hate is strong in r/europe :(, 
  they want to get out of war , they want to get to the eu and they want to survive . 
  it just so happens that italy , spain and greece are guarding our borders , but that does n't make it any less a collective problem for everyone . 
  was n't this about austria ? 
  fyi : germany is actually taking in refugees . 
  poland is the one ignoring the cry for help by the border states . 
  the polish government has yet to prove they know what common good even means . 
  a lot of words , many of them contradicting each other , where to start ? 
  you 're : * denouncing me as part of the `` mass immigration lobby '' , whatever that is . 
  * saying that large ethnic groups should not be questioned in any way , but rather taken for granted , example : arabs , han chinese , english * saying that in the past there has n't been any notable influence on the gene pool of the english people . 
  * saying that immigration changes a culture and the country * and finally you make your point : a dark future is on the horizon , because without nationalism , people will have nothing to believe in . 
  i 'm not at all voting for `` mass immigration '' . 
  all i 'm saying is that * migration * of people is unavoidable , therefore it makes no sense trying to stop that . 
  let 's rather come together and have a look at how to deal with it . 
  furthermore i want to make a stance against fear mongering and relieve you from your concerns by pointing out that * every * ethnic group is to an extent a mix of different people . 
  in science it is assumed that europeans are in fact the group of people who have mixed the most , this cultural evolution started 50,000 years ago . 
  that is also the reason why it 's wrong to speak of the `` native population '' in england or europe . 
  in fact the only group of people in europe that could be considered native are the sami and they only make up about 4 % of the population even in their respective local regions in norway , sweden and finland , in europe that 's a non-factor of 0.0001 % . 
  the rest of europe is a pretty wild mix of people , due to constant peoples migration , shifting borders , colonisation and so forth , including england . 
  once we realise that we 're not that genetically pure as we think , we might be able to understand that our genetical and cultural mix is not a flaw but indeed a benefit . 
  of course people outside of europe also mixed heavily during the last 50,000 years ( especially in the former colonies , regarding the original topic of this comment-chain ) , therefore i would strongly suggest to always question the concept of a national ethnicity , be it the `` english '' , the `` han '' or the `` arabs '' . 
  the idea of han chinese is in fact a simple political construction whereas `` the arab '' pretty much not exists , the arabic culture itself is multi-faceted and very diverse . 
  the arabs are at war with each other since centuries . 
  of course arabic nationalism exists , but as of yet it did not prevail as a main ideology . 
  apparently to most arabs , clans and family is more important than the concept of a `` nation '' . 
  many attempts to create an arabic national state failed , the last one being the united arab republic under gamal abdel nasser . 
  as we can see today what unites and separates people in the region is n't effectively nationality but rather : religion , this and the faith in clans . 
  now i 've been bringing up words like `` idea '' , `` ideology '' , `` belief '' , `` concept '' , `` religion '' , `` faith '' in order to deal with different instances of ethnic nationality . 
  to me it 's very clear that what matters for a group of people is not the genetic pool , maybe they 're interested in a shared history or same language , but what really brings people together , forms a group out of them and makes * culture * is ** faith ** . 
  in fact ** faith is what makes us human . 
  ** let me explain : we humans can communicate in large numbers because we believe in the same thing . 
  the first homo sapiens were able prevail and dominate other homo species like the homo erectus or homo neanderthalensis and eventually conquer the planet because they developed language , through language they could operate in larger groups than their opponents . 
  whereas other homo species could only reach a maximum number of 50 people , the homo sapiens could reach a maximum number of 150 people , how ? 
  by gossip . 
  because they could gossip about each other they were able to establish a personal relationship to even distant group members . 
  but gossip can only reach that far , the next cultural evolution was religion : through a belief system human beings were able to operate large kingdoms and empires . 
  because everyone was believing the same thing , the homo sapiens could work together even with other homo sapiens who he 'd never met . 
  the same system is still in place today : we manage to work together with complete strangers through contracts , taxes etc. 
  because we believe in bureaucracy for example . 
  we believe that if there is a number on a bank account , that we can get money for it . 
  we believe that money has an actual value . 
  all of this works only because we believe . 
  alright so what makes us a group of people is our belief . 
  i realise that you come to the same conclusion , only that you foresee a dark future because people will lose faith in their respective nation . 
  i 'm looking forward to the future . 
  i brought up multiple examples of large groups of people who do n't consider nationality a defining factor . 
  now we 're not stupid of course , so why should we devote our lives to a bland concept such as nationality ? 
  there are some great religions out there why not take these ? 
  in fact europe spawned some great religions , christianity for example . 
  judaism . 
  or maybe you 're devoting your life to humanitarian causes ? 
  existentialist philosophy ? 
  others have tried communism . 
  capitalism is the obvious global belief everyone is agreeing upon today but there are so many more ways of living your life . 
  why does it have to be nationalism aka `` i believe in my gene pool '' ? 
  i 'm struggling to find a tangible opinion in your statement . 
  of course you see more diversity in the us , it 's a state made up only of settlers , refugees and slaves from all over the world , since the native population got almost completely extinct due to their actions . 
  still your estimate of 85 % natives in europe is completely wrong . 
  in fact the only group of people in europe that could be considered native are the sami and they only make up about 4 % of the population even in their respective local regions in norway , sweden and finland , in europe that 's a non-factor of 0.0001 % . 
  the rest of europe is a pretty wild mix of people , due to constant peoples migration , shifting borders , colonisation and so forth . 
  lol , to think the chinese government is occupying tibet and subjugating their people because of women rights is absurd !, 
  they have military , economical and geo-strategical interests they 're pursuing in these regions . 
  is n't it obvious that always when you 're trying to enforce a certain culture upon someone , they try to resist ? 
  this is why it 's important to respect minorities in every country . 
  else you end up having a civil war . 
  it 's happening over and over everywhere in the world ( right now it 's happening in turkey for example ) . 
  as soon as you simply accept that there are and always will be minorities , it 's much easier to deal with it correctly . 
  in case of the uyghurs it 's the same problem , instead of accepting that china is a multicultural country , the chinese political leaders are aggressively settling han chinese there in order to break the uyghur culture monopoly in the region and enforce `` the only true '' han culture upon them . 
  needless to say that even `` han '' is a political construction , but that is another discussion . 
  shifting the topic in this direction is misleading though , because with the british we 're neither looking at a local culture that is being oppressed by a national supremacist government nor are there any natives close to extinction . 
  we 're mainly looking at the influence britain has had on certain parts of the world , which leads to relationships between people and cultural exchange on a global scale . 
  within this constellation , which is completely different , it 's to be expected to have a higher cultural diversity in the uk . 
  well , tell that to the chinese minorities . 
  the uyghurs or tibetan people would like to disagree here . 
  basically if you 're not han , you 're a lesser chinese . 
  and last time i checked northern europe was a very multicultural place . 
  sweden actually takes the most refugees right now . 
  again , i think this leads nowhere , because every society has it 's minorities , be it due to wealth differences , religion , skin color or language . 
  the most homogeneous bunch of people are like this in a very artificial way . 
  iceland for example ( because no one ever wanted to live there ) , or poland where everyone else was being killed ( jews ) or expelled ( germans ) . 
  now that we have radiators and international shipping even iceland becomes more multicultural and the weird state poland is in since the second world war wo n't last forever either . 
  my stance here is that this is nothing bad but a normal behaviour for culture -- it evolves . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the eu has a very clear agenda on ukraine , the sanctions actually hurt russia a lot . 
  it 's just that no one wants an open war with russia , potentially risking a nuclear war between the only nuclear-strategic superpowers left ( us/russia ) . 
  yes people are suffering in ukraine , and russia 's actions are unjust . 
  but in case you 're suggesting a war with russia -- i doubt it will change much about this . 
  it 'll only bring more terror . 
  about the redistribution : there needs to be a formula which redistributes refugees based on local inhabitants , economic wealth and maybe a few other factors such as employment and poverty rate . 
  there are already a few of these formulas out there open for discussion . 
  of course i think that the refugees themselves should be able to make a choice of 3-4 countries they wish to go to . 
  if option 1 ) is full you go to 2 ) and so forth . 
  you do n't want to separate families for instance . 
  but eventually the goal here is to distribute the refugees in a way that as few eu countries as possible reach their capacity limit and that the refugees can live in human dignity . 
  the reality now is that germany takes in 800000 refugees and slovakia for instance takes in 60 . 
  this is the situation we need to overcome . 
  and because the `` we will take refugees on our own terms '' obviously does n't work and because some governments are openly xenophobic and inhumane , a formula that everyone agrees upon is the only solution that i think will help in overcoming this situation . 
  as a thought experiment japan and korea are good examples . 
  i believe none of us would accept a life in archaic japan for example .
