  in these countries a large effort was being made in order to keep outsiders out and everyone who did n't conform to the rules was either killed or driven out . 
  it 's also no surprise that mono-ethnic countries are very hard to sustain , which is why japan much like germany went on to brutally wipe out and subjugate their neighbours during the second world war . 
  i 'd say homogenous groups of people are more dangerous than a heterogenous group . 
  you 're just fear mongering . 
  who are the `` english '' anyway ? 
  they 're an ethnic mix of angles and saxons . 
  also the romans and celts , later the french . 
  then the indian and pakistani . 
  they 're not becoming a minority they 're simply evolving . 
   sorry but this is a ridiculous point . 
  the uk is not obligated to make its indigenous people a minority in their homeland in order to help out people from a country they may or may not have had a hand in creating/shaping . 
  i did n't say the uk is `` obligated '' to do anything . 
  i 'm saying they have a very natural relationship to those countries and thus to the people living there . 
  it 's not called commonwealth for nothing . 
  and every relationship you enter will always change both parties . 
  you can see it from both sides : in india english is the most spoken language , and the indian people living in britain are even more british , taking on british concepts and habits . 
  likewise the british people have a large sum of knowledge about indian/pakistani culture . 
  it 's only logical and very normal to influence each other like that . 
  you 're right that a couple of germans are fighting for isis , refugees are n't german though . 
  your statement makes no sense . 
  such penalties can only be established through a majority vote within the eu . 
  it 's not a totalitarian system , since without a vote nothing will happen . 
  the real problem is that you 're the minority . 
  and as a minority you 're blocking a major action plan / reform that would otherwise happen if it were n't for you . 
  this way the non-working system of dublin ii remains in place . 
  the fact is that poland can live a worry-less life because spain , italy , greece are taking in all the refugees . 
  greece is near collapse , italy is n't able to handle it anymore . 
  it 's only logical to redistribute the refugees within the eu . 
  because solidarity is what we want the eu to be based on , if some countries want to be egoistic there is no need for a community such as the eu . 
  germany does n't even have a single schengen border , yet still they 're taking in thousands of refugees . 
  they 're making a good example . 
  poland wants to take refugees on their own terms ? 
  this is the misconception , there are no own terms in the matter of solidarity . 
  you either act solidary or you do n't . 
  and if you do n't - why do you even want to be in the eu ? 
  what do we have this union for if it is n't for crises such as this . 
  furthermore you 're also mistaken on the energy/gas treaties . 
  while i agree with you that it was wrong , still it is a political decision within economic competition , it is wrong to expect solidarity from decisions such as these . 
  the time for solidarity is when you 're facing a humanitarian crisis on a large scale . 
  this time is now . 
  the other things you say simply make no sense . 
  what security reasons ? 
  terrorists either are europeans or enter eu by plane and with a valid visa , why would they take the hassle and ** walk ** 5000km , pay 20000 $ for 20cm2 in a truck or boat , while risking their whole families lives ? 
  all for a piece of paper that pretty much does n't allow them to do anything at the place they 're arriving at . 
  if you think they 're faking then you have a bad sense of humour . 
  the reality is that there are over 4 million syrian refugees , because of a horrible war , 1 million in lebanon , 1.5 million in jordan and 2 million in turkey . 
  and we 're here debating wether or not taking in a couple of thousand , although the eu has a much higher capacity than any of those countries . 
  i feel you 're mixing things up here . 
  there always has been cultural interaction on the british isles . 
  the celts , the romans , the saxons , the french , they pretty much have a german royal house . 
  you made the same point by talking about the welsh and scottish . 
  during colonialism this interaction simply intensified rapidly . 
  i 'm not talking about historic debt , neither am i talking about the crimes of the british empire . 
  i 'm saying that the british empire reformed a large part of the world after it 's will , therefore states such as israel , egypt , iraq , india , pakistan , australia , the us probably would n't exist today if it was n't for the british empire to draw the borders on the map and making a profit while doing so . 
  therefore these countries and most of their problems today are in fact british creations , and what i 'm saying is that it 's simply logical for one to take responsibility for it 's own creations . 
  furthermore i do n't see the british/english ethnicity to be ever replaced . 
  in fact a vietnamese and a german are conversing in english right now , the world as we know it is more english/british than ever . 
  culture always evolves , it 's never standing still . 
  which is why we can only hope that the foreign cultures will manage to add their footprints to the british identity . 
  the inherit logical problem here is to think a mono-ethnic society can even exist . 
  there will always be minorities . 
  i 'm fucking communicating with a finn !, 
  in the age of internet and globalisation , what value could a mono-ethnic society even have ? 
  this discussion for sure could n't take place . 
  would you be the minority here , or me ? 
  the idea of mono-ethnic societies comes from nationalism which originated 200 years ago . 
  nationalism was a good tool for revolutionary ideas such as overcoming the estates of the realm and social hierarchy . 
  and now it 's a tool wich is simply obsolete in our modern time . 
  modern ideas do n't need national consciousness in order to spread . 
  therefore your question is n't of much value . 
  it 's much better to just accept the fact that your society has and always will have different minorities . 
  i 'd rather ask the question of how are we going to deal with that ? 
  how will our life change due to this cultural exchange ? 
  what is different ? 
  what do we have in common ? 
  how will i communicate ? 
  what can i teach ? 
  what is there to learn ? 
  while it is n't exactly the way you interpret it , the central statement here is true : britain was the ruler of the world , exploiting countless colonies for it 's own good . 
  therefore britain is responsible for the state of those countries and also their citizens . 
  i 'm telling you that it only has positive consequences to help those in need . 
  it 's not only ethically the only possible way , it also means economically and culturally a big profit to take refugees in . 
  they will work , they will be ever thankful and they will enrich our lives by their otherness . 
  i do n't know where you 're coming from but i 'd be surprised if you did n't have a refugee background in your family , even if you 're not aware of it . 
  if your ancestors would n't have been able to move , you would n't even exist . 
  and in turn you would n't be able to enrich this discussion with your views . 
  i find it funny that in europe these kind of things still matter . 
  we should simply get rid of all national borders and only have regional districts which form an eu government . 
  catalonia would be the same as vlanderen , toscana or sk\u00e5ne . 
  the levels of power and administration would be : municipality -  districts -  eu . 
  there is no need for nations . 
  good for us . 
  well educated people from foreign countries will pump our economy and fix our demographic problem . 
  in 20 years people will ask themselves how they could miss out on that opportunity . 
  what compromise is there to make ? 
  asylum is a basic human right . 
  there is nothing to negotiate about . 
  we want the eu to be more than an economic union . 
  we want to be a union of human rights values . 
  punishing those states who disrespect human rights , or are even actively working against democracy is the least we can do .
