  if those states in turn believe they can live without eu funding , then we can find other penalties as well . 
  seriously , we have the biggest humanitarian crisis since second world war and the way the government of hungary , poland etc. 
  are behaving is disgusting . 
  just a couple of years ago there was holocaust in these countries . 
  millions of europeans were refugees then , especially in eastern europe . 
  pls no . 
  let it be a parliamentary system . 
  give the parliament the power to elect the commission/government . 
  we need to empower the european parliament which already has a very strong mandate because it is directly voted for . 
  looks honestly very tasty . 
  i am a big fan of neapolitanian waffles in general . 
  never seen them in a chocolate bar like this though . 
  any idea how to buy them online ? 
  milka is actually the worst chocolate that i know of . 
  it tastes too sweet and generally has poor quality ingredients . 
  the packaging and advertizement is great , but the actually chocolate sucks imho . 
  every discounter sells better chocolate than milka , in fact it does n't even taste like chocolate at all , once you compare it to high quality stuff like lindt for example . 
  the only problem with this reasoning is , that it 's not a democratic election . 
  a democracy can not work without free press because most people will be ill informed . 
  freedom of press and freedom of speech are being suppressed for years in turkey . 
  so these elections do n't say anything about the support of the people . 
  propaganda has won . 
  and they block reddit to keep it that way . 
  we need a stronger eu parliament for a stronger democracy . 
  good to know a competent man like schulz is fighting for our cause . 
  i think it 's a question of conflicting religions/beliefs/ideologies . 
  you can see that us europeans do n't have a common belief system . 
  some of us believe in nationalism/anti-outsider/isolation . 
  others believe in human rights/pluralism/openness . 
  i 'd say the conflict between these two ideologies/religions is greater than the difference between christianity and islam for example . 
  of course we europeans , christians and muslims are more multi-facetted than this . 
  i 'm exaggerating a bit in order to make a clear point . 
  i do n't accept the accusation of being hateful and `` full of prejudices '' . 
  no one can deny that danish society , and along with it danish politics have moved a considerable amount to the right . 
  this is all i said in a little more colorful way . 
  it 's not a prejudice , it 's a fact . 
  you used the words `` nazi '' and `` racist '' , not me . 
  regardless , there are a lot of nazis and racists in your country . 
  not all of them of course , not even the majority , still the labels apply to those that are . 
  your government is also crossing a line by violating the international convention relating to the status of refugees , thereby discriminating asylum seekers . 
  this is not left , it 's not conservative , it 's not liberal , it 's right-wing extremist . 
  labels are a good thing if used right . 
  you try to separate people based on religion . 
  our constitution gives every human being the right to religious freedom . 
  fundamental rights such as these are not open for discussion . 
  there is also no point to think religion is bad , a society without religion is not possible . 
  people always have a belief . 
  in fact studies show that our culture evolved and our population grew because of religion . 
  human beings can only exist in complex societies if they mutually believe in something . 
  churches may close down in germany , but that does n't mean anything . 
  there is always a god or multiple gods that people have faith in . 
  for example you could argue that our belief is capitalism , everyone thinks to naturally agree upon the fact that people with more money should have more benefits . 
  so everyone believes in money , when in fact money does n't exist ( it 's not connected to gold or any ` real ' value , it 's simply a number generated by banks ) . 
  people believe in the constitution , human rights , nationalism , football , family . 
  there are many things people believe in , and they think that what they believe in is of value . 
  you can not change that . 
  what is the most important thing to you ? 
  you would n't want anyone take that away from you , right ? 
  well how about i tell you this is your god ? 
  but do n't worry , your belief is protected by law , and so is the belief of muslims . 
  or jews . 
  or - god forbid - even christians ( i heard they also exist somewhere ) . 
  being sarcastic serves no purpose in this discussion . 
  do n't you have an opinion yourself ? 
  making a comparison to history makes no sense if you are n't willing to make conclusions and learn from it . 
  are you saying bad things happened in the past , therefore we now make this a tradition ? 
  i 'd prefer for `` horror '' to not repeat itself . 
  germany * does n't have any * schengen borders . 
  taking in refugees has nothing to do with schengen . 
  schengen is a visa-zone which grants it 's citizens freedom to move and stops illegal migrants . 
  the human right of asylum is independent of that . 
  there is a difference between refugees and immigrants . 
  schengen among many other things stops illegal migrants , but every human being has the right of asylum , this is totally independent of your visa or even schengen . 
  as much as i 'd love romania to be part of schengen , you have to agree that it does n't meet the requirements yet . 
  as of today romania is not able to guard it 's outside borders , which would then be schengen borders . 
  guarding the european border is no joke , and we ca n't have the two poorest eu countries carry that weight ( bulgaria and romania ) . 
  look at greece , there you can see what happens when an economically over challenged country has to guard the eu border . 
  it does n't work . 
  in the current situation you should probably be happy to avoid the mass flow of refugees on the balkan . 
  i have great hopes in johannis in order to change the situation and fight corruption , but this probably will need some time to change . 
  what is it : a pluralist society is a form for people of different culture , background and language to live and exist with and alongside each other . 
  it can happen in harmony or in competition , but what 's important is that the different groups are in contact with each other . 
  why should we want it : first of all : we ca n't avoid it . 
  as long as there are larger groups of human beings there will always be a mix of people and one group will always be the minority . 
  eradicating one group of people in order to form a homogenous group of people is not only one of the darkest chapters of european history , it also does n't work . 
  there will always be differences that can be used to discriminate the other . 
  be it your degree ( archaic ) , skin-color , religion , social status or if you 're rich or poor . 
  building walls around your country also does n't work , because of globalization . 
  north-korea is a good example why it does n't work . 
  another example would be the indigenous sentinalese people who live on the andaman islands in the pacific . 
  they 're indigenous living people who kill any outsiders , so no one goes there . 
  because they have absolutely no contact to other wildlife or human beings they have no immune system and their society is slowly dying . 
  unlike past times a modern country is never fully sovereign , instead it is in a global net of interests and relationships . 
  the everyday life you 're experiencing is the result of economic trade and state negotiations as well as a lot of freedom that you 're sharing with the rest of the western world : freedom to move anywhere/anytime , freedom to vote , freedom of religion , freedom to think and act self consciously etc. 
  all of this brings you in contact with the * other * . 
  and this contact is changing you . 
  hell , i 'm writing this on the internet , which is another great example of globalization and the modern state of states . 
  secondly : it has always been like this . 
  you could even go as far as saying that exchange is what defines ( european ) culture . 
  let 's think about tradition .
