  if you do n't agree here , you 're ignoring the democratic , christian , platonic and enlightenment history of europe . 
  instead you 're invoking the european history of nationalism ignoring all the lessons we learned from the many european wars , including first and second world war . 
  furthermore germany is n't `` turning around , demanding everyone takes a share '' . 
  germany among france , austria and sweden act solidary with italy , greece and spain as well as the balkan states who carry the most weight in the current refugee situation . 
  we 're doing what 's right and what 's necessary in order for europe to survive . 
  dude , you 're crossing many borders . 
  in germany every human being has the right of religious liberty . 
  you enjoy this fundamental right , and so does everyone else . 
  i ca n't tolerate that you 're insulting an entire group of our society based on their cultural background or religion . 
  being muslim means you want to kill ? 
  comparing mohammed to hitler , lol . 
  where is your historic self-consciousness ? 
  i wo n't even go into the other stuff you said as it is not very well articulated . 
  i 'll only say this : all of these things are happening with non-muslims as well . 
  as long as there is a society there will be crime , it 's not exclusive to muslims . 
  in fact i would n't be surprised if your little speech here would be a crime . 
  i 'm not a law expert , but i 'm pretty sure you violated our constitution a couple of times right there . 
  you see , even you commit crimes , does this make you a muslim ? 
  hypocrite . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  what are they going to do , if the asylum home they just built gets burned down the next day by extremists . 
  as much as i hope merkels agenda will succeed , it is merely an idea right now and not a worked out plan yet . 
  as of right now the communes simply do n't have the resources . 
  thank you for sharing your opinion . 
  usually people here go full extreme right-wing . 
  although your opinion is different from mine you actually tried to explain your thoughts , i appreciate it !, 
  hmm , what you described are cultural differences which express themselves in violent/criminal acts which you are afraid of . 
  now for crimes we have laws which are getting enforced , there is no need to be afraid of that , since our police and justice system is just working fine . 
  there are criminals in every social group , this is nothing new . 
  my question would be , how many muslims in the netherlands do you know ? 
  i doubt they 're all criminals . 
  if you do n't know many ( or any ) muslim yourself it 's easy to get the impression they 're all criminals , because you usually only hear about these kind of muslims in the press , when something goes wrong ( crime ) . 
  but that perception is n't necessarily true to reality . 
  in the rarest cases it really is the belief which makes people turn to committing crimes . 
  more often it 's their social context . 
  you will find out that most criminals are social losers , they live at the bottom of society . 
  for example they 're unemployed or feel isolated for some other reason . 
  they feel left out and disconnected , so they try to solve their problems with simple solutions . 
  islamic extremists offer these simple solutions , by speaking about djihad etc. 
  but this effect is not at all dependent on culture or religion . 
  non-migrants in the netherlands which feel left out are turning to right-wing extremists . 
  everywhere were a group of social losers comes together there is a risk of them radicalizing . 
  you do n't have to fight cultural diversity in order to overcome that problem , but social disparity . 
  you 're right by saying we do n't have to tolerate the intolerant . 
  but this does n't only apply for muslim extremists , it just as well applies for the pvv and their supporters in the netherlands as it does for the afd in germany . 
  sure , ghoti is an exaggerated joke . 
  it only demonstrates that there are exceptions . 
  if they 're necessary exceptions however or not is up to you to decide . 
  i for one would welcome a reform of the written language . 
  i 'd urge you to go to an asylum home and spend some time there . 
  you will start to think differently . 
  right now germany ca n't fulfill it 's duty to keep all of these people under conditions that preserve their human dignity . 
  and the right for human dignity is \u00a7 1 of our constitution , it 's literally the most important thing in this country . 
  if you think this right does n't apply to dirty foreigners you 're not only wrong , it shows that you 're the problem . 
  no matter how hard you try this is a value which is not open for discussion . 
  now in most asylum camps the situation is kind of bearable but it 's far from being good , and in some cases the conditions for the people living there are extremely wrong . 
  imagine you barely made it out of a warzone , with your whole family investing everything they have just to get you safe , because you 're the strongest male and therefore most likely to survive . 
  you 're traumatized from war crimes , you left your family behind , you ** walked ** 3000km to germany , involving countless police controls , people along the way pushing you around , sleeping on the ground without anything . 
  basically you 're at the brink of collapsing mentally and physically . 
  and now you get in a prison-like state where you 're not allowed to do anything , you 're not provided with basic care , you get no money , nothing , you 're not even understanding anything , no one takes care of you , you feel forgotten and at the same time you 're in competition for attention with millions of others . 
  dude , anyone would go crazy under these circumstances . 
  hell , germans can get really angry when they 're waiting 5 minutes in a supermarket queue . 
  now imagine you put 1000 francs and 2000 bavarians - basically 2 different cultures - together in front of a german office and you make them wait day and night for 3-8 weeks without attention . 
  you 'd need the military to keep the situation secure . 
  i think it 's quite easy to sympathize with these refugees . 
  i 'm not justifying crimes committed by refugees , but you have to understand the large scale of things . 
  no one commits crimes because he/she is evil , but because of the context . 
  the situation in german refugee camps is bad and this is why some individuals become criminal , and criminals get punished by the law . 
  now you can not change the individuals , but you can change the context . 
  why is the situation bad ? 
  because 500 asylum houses got burned down , there simply are n't enough facilities . 
  because the police ca n't handle the number of people . 
  because there are way too little civil servants in the asylum offices , so the asylum process currently takes years . 
  all of that we can change , through politics . 
  but the inhumane conditions the refugees experience in germany is our responsibility . 
  we have to thank the large effort made by a legion of voluntary helpers that the situation did n't yet get out of hand until today . 
  we need to think about why they 're coming in the first place . 
  it 's partly because europe has supported regimes in the area for decades , selling their weapons to them . 
  so we 're in part responsible for the wars happening in the area . 
  so we have to do something that the wars stop . 
  then we need to think how to deal with them . 
  well the eu is big , putting them all in germany may be comfortable for everyone else , but it is n't the best solution for germany or the refugees . 
  unfortunately there is no room in the media and current discussions about the conditions and challenges of this , because the eu national states ca n't agree on anything . 
  but it would be possible to some extend . 
  regardless , letting people freeze , starve in front of our borders or letting them drown in the mediterranian is no solution , it 's a disgrace . 
  fearmongering and sensationalism . 
  nothing else . 
  you not only have to ask why people are worried but also make an analysis of their motifs . 
  the underlying motifs probably are very different depending on social status . 
  there are studies about that in the works , but no one makes a report on that , because it 's more complex than `` germans are worried '' and it does n't sell as well . 
  as it is now headlines such as this only back up and verify the self-consciousness of the right-wing and neo-nazi mob of pegida and afd in germany . 
  when in fact the motifs for being worried of different social groups of germany are very different . 
  i am not worried about refugees who need help , i am worried about 500 burned asylum houses in the last 14 months . 
  i am worried about public incitements to murder entire groups of our society , smear of a vocal right-wing extremist minority in social networks . 
  i am worried about established parties like the csu turning to populism in order to cater to those extremists . 
  i am worried about european values being undermined by ignorant national states , who think they 're not responsible to help people in need . 
  i am worried about fear mongering and brutal violence of openly racist groups of germany who think they represent the people , which they are n't . 
  am i worried about refugees ? 
  not so much . 
  i just hope they get treated well , so they do n't go mad .
