  you 'd probably agree with me upon italians eating pasta and tomatoes , indians eating chili , the best steaks come from argentinian beef and we both germans and czechs eat potatoes . 
  right ? 
  well pasta originates from china , tomatoes , potatoes and chili are n't native to europe or asia but come from america and beef/cows had been imported to america from europe . 
  you probably think the indians in america ride horses , well horses have also been imported from europe . 
  you 'd probably agree that christianity is very important to european identity , well the story of the bible comes from near east . 
  i 'm german , yet i write this in english . 
  the english language is a mixture of germanic , celtic and latin . 
  i could go on and on with this . 
  the point is , we 're all a mix and culture is constantly , fluidly changing . 
  in fact this mix is what defines us . 
  we europeans think and act like we do , because since countless millennia we interact with * the other * , and it shaped us . 
  after countless wars , it brought us closer together . 
  i believe it would be helpful to understand that this mix is our strength . 
  i know enough about romania to use it as a mere example in this case . 
  and romania is corrupt , greece is not a measurement when it comes to corruption lol . 
  the us wo n't risk a war with a nuclear power over romania . 
  russia probably wo n't even need a war if their influence on romanian economy rises . 
  they will just buy the country with cheap oil and via corruption as is happening with kazakstan and azerbaijan for example . 
  nationalism and isolation do n't work anymore . 
  it 's globalization . 
  and you deal better with globalization if you 're together . 
  you can neither shape the world nor your own destiny if you isolate yourself . 
  you will just lose impact on the decisions that matter . 
  lol . 
  only that people are suffering in russia . 
  quality of life is dropping rapidly in russia . 
  that there are no human rights , no democracy and that russia is bringing war in - and outside of it 's borders . 
  i do n't think anyone in his right mind would want to trade the eu for a super aggressive regime that is almost falling apart , offers no future perspective for anyone , except the corrupt elites and is only keeping itself running through suppressing it 's citizens , through wars , massive propaganda and the threat of a nuclear strike . 
  even if eastern european countries would like leave the eu , it is because they want national sovereignty . 
  therefore i ca n't imagine any country would voluntarily surrender to russia , it would involve wars . 
  and that would involve us . 
  i believe the recent refugee crisis is the first time europe gets to experience globalization . 
  yes globalization has always been there , but the understanding of it has been only for stock exchange , bankers and the like . 
  now we get to see the results of globalization in our streets . 
  deals with turkey , conflict with russia , isis , iran , saudi arabia it all is connected to the refugees that knock at our very door , it 's connected to our daily life . 
  if anything this crisis tells us that globalization is unavoidable . 
  if you do n't go full north-korea you will always be in the net of global interests and relationships . 
  nationalism and isolation are no solution to this . 
  they only bring war as we can see with all the nationalist regimes that are causing these refugees to come here in the first place : russia , iran , saudi arabia , turkey , syria , isis . 
  they 're all pseudo national regimes that are invested in the war in syria , and the world is in turmoil . 
  i ca n't imagine this will continue , without the backing of eu the fragile and corrupt romanian economy will dwindle . 
  do n't you realize that the whole world is at war , why do you think the refugees come ? 
  do n't you realize that warmongering authoritarian regimes are on the rise every direction you look ? 
  russia , turkey , syria , is ( and many more ) . 
  why should russia only invade ukraine , moldova , georgia ? 
  how about romania ? 
  even if there are many things wrong with the eu , it is the only hope to bring democracy and peace to europe . 
  when at the brink of war , you 're not throwing stones at the fragile constructions that is the eu . 
  i 'd rather fix the eu than to let a third world war happen . 
  you want to only take graduates in as refugees ? 
  well guess what you never get what you want . 
  democracy is about compromise and war times are an emergency state . 
  the eastern european countries do n't know what a pluralist society is . 
  what challenge but also what value it is in itself . 
  it was too soon to include them in the eu . 
  they either learn it quickly or europe will collapse . 
  i guess putin will be happy to collect the remainders . 
  it 's shameful when a government is listening to the nuclear lobby rather than to voters or common sense even . 
  i do n't care about china . 
  there are many many countries everywhere in the world without nuclear power . 
  some countries who did have nuclear power are stopping . 
  many researches show that renewable energy is much more efficient . 
  guess who 's world leader in renewable energy ? 
  europe . 
  so much for your economical credibility . 
  1 million years is actually the defined minimum amount of time to lock up plutonium by german law . 
  and it makes sense , 24000 years half-life means it takes many times of 24000 to get rid of it . 
  your hope of using space as a trashcan is even worse and irresponsible . 
  1 ) you 're removing material from the natural cycle of the earth 2 ) do you even know how much energy it costs to launch a rocket ? 
  energy-wise this makes absolutely no sense 3 ) we 're using space as our trashcan already , which needs to stop . 
  satellites get damaged all the time . 
  in fact trash is the only message our planet is sending to the universe . 
  it does n't exactly cast the best light upon our species . 
  you realize that there is no solution to nuclear waste ? 
  you need to lock up plutonium for at least 1 million years until it loses it 's dangerous radioactivity . 
  but there is no place on earth where they can stay for that long , which is why radioactive waste is being transported over and over again . 
  sure nuclear energy is `` the greatest form of energy '' if you 're talking short term . 
  but it 's highly dangerous and by far the worst in the long term . 
  nuclear energy is also by far the most expensive energy . 
  if you include the costs for driving millions of tons of nuclear waste around from one place to another for at least 1 million years . 
  nuclear energy is destroying our planet , thinking everything is ok , simply because we can not see radioactivity is incredibly stupid . 
  you can just as well think gravity , force or electricity does n't exist , because it 's invisible to the human eye . 
  plus the timespan of 1 million years provides enough chances for something to go wrong . 
  we already had thousands of accidents in the last 60 years alone , excluding the two big disasters of tchernobyl and fukushima . 
  about china : the uk may not be able to change the world , but it can change itself . 
  in fact every government has the responsibility to do so , but instead they 're building more nuclear plants and the only reason for this is the energy lobby . 
  it 's not even a democratic decision . 
  what a shameful disgrace . 
  lol denmark `` more open '' . 
  your country has moved so far to the right , that it 's almost falling of the horizon . 
  the worst part about this is , that the uk is building nuclear plants with the chinese money . 
  but i guess it makes sense , dirty money turns into even dirtier energy . 
  taking refugees in is the responsible thing to do . 
  it 's \u00a7 14 of the un human rights declaration . 
  it 's \u00a7 16 in the german constitution . 
  it 's also a fundamental right in the constitution of your united kingdom . 
  in christianity it 's called charity . 
  merkel did n't invite anyone , she just announced that germany will help those in need . 
  she is doing what every european should do , albeit much too late . 
  helping refugees is one of the core values that define us europeans .
