no hell no they do n't even recognize the armenian genocide nor have any intention to and are still bombing the only effective army against isis , the kurds worst of all buy loads of isis oil . 
  erdogan is some kind of crazed paranoid autocrat and i would rather not see some 75 million muslims rush to germany . 
  what values do you hold that are different from our values exactly ? 
  we arent the middle east buddy, 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fj_u9m4qzca kinda hard when there was a drunkard behind the kremlin that no one took seriously, 
  yeah see, 
  who taught you history or world events ? 
  yes it did . 
  to change an entire country ? 
  20 years is a short time, 
  i do n't understand a word you said, 
  i meant verbally i can understand you word for word, 
  i dnno set a legal precedence that gives children the right to learn the basics like music and human anatomy, 
  i had an arab girl.in my school whose parents did n't let her listen to music . 
  during music class she had to do leave class . 
  people like these should just be asked to return to their countries they 're simply not a good fit for european and western society, 
  just saying how the world changes, 
  soooo beyond the point lol, 
  bosnian and croatian and serbian are literally all the same, 
  quick someone give us billions of dollars and state funds to bold onto !, 
  comon guys we can do this !!, 
  well that 's good cause 100 years ago they would have been hanging us up and slitting our throats, 
  this whole kosovo thing is a mess well done eu, 
  bro tiered slovaks are, 
  that being said it 's true not having to deal with the nationalistic voices in serbia and other issues in 06 was deff a gain, 
  le apologies, 
  i can understand the words as they 're very similar but spwlt differently . 
  in serbian it would.be roughly `` preko se ceskoslovensko rezdelio '', 
  meh you 've still got djukanovic and high corruption and sold national monuments ( sveti stefan ) . 
  i do n't call that noticeable progress, 
  apologies, 
  apologies, 
  ca n't shush the seselj, 
  cool how i can roughly understand the czech writing, 
  no one really knows tbh not much was gained, 
  consider yourselves lucky it was a painless split, 
  sad when countries do n't live up to stereotypes , i know, 
  court was a sham could n't even convict him why go back ? 
  i would n't, 
  do n't confuse merkel 's will with germany 's, 
  everyone was a bit crazier 20 years ago, 
  please stop talking, 
  13 years in jail without being convicted of anything ? 
  yeah id be pissed too, 
  people like this seriously need a chair to the face, 
  is n't prince aleksandr like 400th in line for the english throne or something ? 
  i know he 's related to the queen somehow, 
  germans are fed up it seems, 
  true true, 
  lol well done, 
  i wonder that myself, 
  your 60s architecture is n't anything to be proud of either buddy, 
  message to you , learn better grammer, 
  here here but i do blame bush and saudi arabia for a lot of the shit we are in now, 
  if youre referring to srebrenica that wasnt tens of thousands, 
  shes too goddamn busy spending 7 seasons on a faraway land ffs, 
  need kebab removal ? 
  it only takes about 19 radicals to kill 3,000 as we saw in new york on that day in september, 
  agreed, 
  had an aging fleet from the 90s , all the planes were pieces of crap . 
  emirates bought it out now we have a new fleet , new name . 
  love it . 
  belarus ? 
  seeing how you 're never addressing the northern kosovo issue or even the bosnia issue . 
  what would stop the bosnian serbs then in seceding from bosnia and joining serbia ? 
  it benefits both parties also and what about northern kosovo ?? 
  this sets a terrible precedent where all minorities in their respective states can just join their motherlands . 
  hungarians in slovakia and romania and even legitimizing putins actions in georgia and ukraine . 
  ossetians joining ossetians and russian ukrainians joining russia . 
  sounds like anarchy . 
  in terms of gdp albania 's black market could count almost up to half of its gdp so cut whatever growth you think it has in half as black market trade such as drugs and trafficking do n't count . 
  google cia world factbook and read for yourself . 
  albania 's institutions and resources are innefecrive and almost non existant . 
  you 're a little too optimistic and idealistic in your own wright . 
  russia believe it or not holds a seat in the un security council , no one is talking about albania . 
  compare gdp rates, 
  enjoy, 
  i seriously doubt any of those states would recognize it and i dont see how it would ease tensions . 
  russia would veto such a move and i odnt think the us would recognize such a unilateral move . 
  if they did it would almost certainly increase tensions between russia and the us even more . 
  the issue isnt with albania its with the partially recognized kosovo . 
  hows it inevitable ? 
  no one is even talking about this as albania and kosovo are both in a sorry state of affairs . 
  massive unemployment on all sides and constant political infighting . 
  again if they were to unite i think northern kosovo would secede and then presevo valley would try to secede serbia and it would be a whole balkan mess all over again . 
  hey cool same, 
  which government would that be ? 
  the tear gas throwing parliment of kosovo ? 
  who would be considered the legitimate government ? 
  serbs , first of all , would never accept living in albania and would probably launch a referendum to secede northern kosovo from the rest of kosovo . 
  would be problematic for albania because albania wants to join the eu and 5 eu members dont even recognize kosovo and kosovo was denied unesco membership as well . 
  no one would even recognize this union . 
  wouldnt work out for anybody . 
  true, 
  why would you do that , albania is in worse shape then kosovo, 
  i promise not to, 
  yeah well then we 'll just sit back and watch it go to ~ ~ shit ~ ~ shittier, 
  cause you are part of glorious balkan ppls !, 
  fookin savage, 
  like most royals , inbred .
