  because you know , those people are in no way under the responsibility of australia to begin with . 
   that 's clearly a reference to black people being apes or being like apes , a thought that really does not belong in the 21st century . 
  people were living in caves and on the trees . 
  it has nothing to do with being apes or sth . 
   how the hell do you know what would have happened in an alternate version of events ? 
  i have a brain that calculates that if 2 +2 makes 4 , then 4-2 must make ... 2 !, 
   who is this ominous `` they '' ? 
  all inhabitants of africa ? 
  or just the ones who try to come here ? 
  all we the european countries had occupied/invaded/colonized , but apparently failed to modernize/civilize/humanize . 
   and how the hell would you know that all of them , either all africans or just the people fleeing to europe , are , in your words , `` ungrateful livingbeings [ sic ] '' ? 
  i generalized there . 
  so i did not mean * all of them * , but * most of them * . 
   that sounds awfully xenophobic to me ... 
  i guess , it is just your problem mate . 
  or lets just turn the boats away and watch them go back to their countries . 
  australia has that system because countries that produces those people for them are so far away . 
  it is not the case for europe . 
  africa is just too close to europe considering the difference between australia and east asia . 
  nice rant , but no . 
  it still has nothing to do with europe . 
  that is the title lol . 
  here is some more content :  * tony abbott insists tough line on migrants is the only way to stop deaths  * said army should be deployed to prevent asylum seekers arriving on land  * he has ordered australian military to turn back boats carrying migrants  * controversial move has seen near-daily arrivals fall significantly , with no reported deaths at sea off the coast of australia so far this year, 
  this has nothing to do with europe . 
  i am starting to like these guys . . 
  it actually shows that it is working just perfectly fine . 
  i wish this were the case . . 
  this exactly . 
  we just should remove all the rescue operations altogether . 
  this will just not work . 
  creating camps in africa ? 
  they do n't even stay in italy or spain or other european countries , because apparently those countries are just too bad tor them !, 
  they apparently deserve more and better !!!, 
  :@ they will just use those camps as a resting route , to be able to reach europe * easier * . 
  the solution is simple . 
  this graph : http://www.bpb.de/cache/images/0/195080-3x2-original.jpg?43ad7 shall be zeroed . 
  that graph in the article ( http://interactive.guim.co.uk/uploader/embed/2015/04/italyrescue-zip/giv-3982j9bgqk2eqij4/img/italy_rescue_compared-3-0-0.png ) shall be emptied !, 
  that is the only solution that will fix this problem . 
  google did n't help much . 
  of course european lol . 
  eurasia has zero markets within , only suppliers . 
  and we are not a supplier . 
  yeah , we have enough resources and enough rooms for errybody on earth !, 
  that is the reason why we have above 25 % unemployment rates !, 
  lets invite all the 7 billions people to europe !, 
  after all , in all of the rest of the world , there is nothing but war , diseases , poverty and nothing else !, 
  europe is the only place in the entire reality where there is peace !, 
  apparently only germany , uk and france have peace in europe too , as those immigrants just escape other european countries in an instance to run away to those three countries !, 
  i guess even italy and spain are just hell for human-beings !, 
  he is iranian . 
  of course they should be rebuilt , except those a few that are the trademarks of cities etc. 
  new technological skyscrapers shall rise everywhere in the coming a few centuries . 
   the european union is really a club of those who have lost their former empires , and who , for various reasons , have been forced to confine themselves within their own borders . 
   they represent the last remnants of the portuguese , spanish , dutch , austrian , german , french , turkish , polish and swedish empires . 
   they have all lost that sweet status of `` empire builder . '', 
  the luckiest was the british empire , which continues to exist today , albeit in vastly scaled-down form . 
   this hapless club of empire losers formed an alliance in order to survive in the new world where there are three times as many muslims , buddhists and taoists than there are christians , where the united states is a towering colossus and the red dragon of china grows more powerful by the day . 
  kinda right though . . c.c, 
  these are the only good decisions taken from that meeting :  * member states to ensure fingerprinting of all migrants ;  * establish a new return programme for rapid return of irregular migrants coordinated by frontex from frontline member states ;  * engagement with countries surrounding libya through a joined effort between the commission and the eeas ; initiatives in niger have to be stepped up . 
   * deploy immigration liaison officers ( ilo ) in key third countries , to gather intelligence on migratory flows and strengthen the role of the eu delegations . 
  people at the down seem happier than others to me . . 
  well , by blocking european doors to those countries , europe could also * stop people from dying in the mediterranean * , aye ? 
  the problem is not that people die . 
  the problem is to reduce the people that arrive in europe . 
  what is important here is the amount of people who arrive eu soils . 
  people who die trying it is not the subject here . 
  we are trying to find to reduce the amount of people successfully arriving eu , not trying to reduce the amount of people that die in the meantime . 
  good . 
   shutting the borders is not a good solution . 
  ** these people are in misary and they 'll find another place to migrate to ** then that is a good solution !, 
  i am a turk and i am ashamed of my government too , for not doing the same thing your government has done . 
   they all cost money that is the reason why i am saying they are wastes of money . 
  it is them to blame . 
  they should kick all the immigrants and refugees already . 
  and they should stop their rescue missions completely . 
  it is just a waste of money , towards more waste of money . 
  people just do n't understand that lack of population growth has nothing to do with life-quality , sexeducation , social benefits , etc. . africans are lacking all of them at best and they still have better growth rates than european countries . 
  the key point is `` time '' . 
  that is what they have but we do n't . 
  we need to set laws that say `` people can work this many hours per week at most . '', 
  and that will instantly solve the growth rate problems . 
  about preventing boat deaths ... close the borders of eu to the africans and arabs , kick all the existing ones while taking over their wealth . 
  problem solved . 
  we already colonized every country there multiple times separately . 
  if that could work , then it would have worked before . 
  well i could do that . 
  he was stating that the source is not reliable , just because of the country it is located in , australia , as if australia is no one to trust when it comes to its news outlets . 
  matter of the fact is , for example , i 'd personally trust us news outlets more than iranian news agencies , about some iranian news . 
  what do you think australia is ? 
  a third world country ? 
  i do n't understand why you are downvoted . 
  what you said is obviously true . 
   do you honestly believe only extremes are possible ? 
  nope , and i was not being sarcastic too . 
  i also do n't believe that is being extreme . 
  actually we could just sterilize them , ban them from benefiting any social/state benefit , and use them for hard-works such as mining , construction etc. 
  they could also be forced to get ankle monitors and their '' * camps * '' could be located somewhere isolated from the rest of the country . 
  working condition laws and minimum wage laws would not apply to them . 
  getting resources and constructing infrastructures would be like free , that would boost the economy . 
  exactly , seems like we have failed to bring democracy , modernity and humanity there .
