  europeans fixed their countries ' problems because there was nowhere else to flee . 
  we had to stay and fight for our rights . 
  that is what made europe today 's modernity center . 
  stability is not created by thin air . 
  it is created by revolutionary people who are sane , modern-minded , educated etc. 
  if those people will just keep fleeing to europe , there will be no hope for their countries . 
  their people will make more babies , and because there will be no change , more and more people will try to flee europe every year . 
  we need to turn them away , so that they will have to understand that if they want a change , then they have to stay at their countries and fight for the changes they seek . 
  yeah , say it out loud while downvoting me within 0.1 of a second like a rabid bitch . 
  one simple google search could get more than enough results for your brain . 
  yeah , say it out loud like we did not like colonize anywhere . 
  the big bad imperialist west . . oh wait . . we are imperialist too !, 
  admit it , we are as '' * westerner * '' as eu countries and us when it comes to imperialism , colonization etc. 
  it is on the rise actually , and in a rapid pace . 
  but after all this armenian stuff , it will doubtlessly yet again fall to the ground level . 
  exactly . 
  we should not even comment on things like that in any level . 
  that apparently only makes things worse . 
  let eu and all other countries do w/e they want . 
  it is none of our business . 
  we can criminalize the denial of turkish genocide and rationalization of armenian genocide in our country and everyone would be happy . 
  just let outsiders be however they want . 
  we should only be busy with our own laws and constitution . 
  one big difference is that armenians did the genocide against us the turks , not the other way around . 
  they killed over 3.000.000 turkish civilians , then been deported from that area for that reason . 
  imagine instead a world in which germany were ruled by claimers that say jews did the holocaust on nazis , and whoever would say otherwise shall go to jail , who also somewhat successfully lobbied for its recognition and criminalization in other parts of the world . . would a memorial of jewish holocaust on nazis in copenhagen for example still make as little sense to you ? 
  well that still does not pretend it from hosting european olympics this year . 
  yup , 8km or so :p and they are also in europe !, 
  confettis lol, 
  i thought many lithuanian jews also lost their lives during ww2 , so that maybe you would understand how we feel . 
  do you realize that your example by no means is related to what i wrote ? 
  bbc can show what is next on bbc and that has nothing to do with the subject . 
  however bbc shall not discriminate with advertisements for example . 
  it should show advertisements of which are qualified to be shown ( pay the minimum requirement , be within the time requirements , content requirements etc ) , not just some ads that are tied to the bbc chain or w/e . 
  companies can , products ca n't . 
  that is not free-speech when you abuse your power in another sector to take advantage over other companies in other sectors . 
  in all seriousness , i really do n't know what we are doing in an alliance with countries like yours . 
  you hate us . 
  you officially recognized armenian genocide where the opposite happened . 
  ( imagine countries recognize that `` jews genocided nazis '' and criminalize saying the opposite by jail . ), 
  you guys are just so sick . 
  you have no idea how we are feeling , and having to be in the same alliance with people like you guys does nothing but sickens more . 
  i wish russia attacks lithuania and turkey would help russia instead of your worthless non-real fake country-wannbe !, 
  what does that even mean ? 
  and why the downvote ? 
  nope , we are not allowed to charge them by agreements . 
  that is what happens when you are in the losing side of a world war . 
  blockage of sea traffic is impossible for turkey . 
  we can only close the straits if there is a war going on around . 
  or else , we have to let every ship pass through no matter what . 
  we also can not charge the ships going through the straits . 
  these are some of the bad results of ww1 for us . 
  power will keep shifting until gdp per capita will be like equal in every country . 
  it will take time , but that is the normal of the world . 
  southeast of turkey is also totally cut off lol xd, 
   maybe the reasons people are n't having children and marrying as often as they did before are n't economical but rather social . 
  when did the birth rate start declining and what event marked its decline ? 
  increase of the working population , that is what happened when the birth rates started to free-fall . 
  working times shall be reduced dramatically . 
  that is what prevents people from making babies , not lack of wealth or education or life quality . 
  it has all to do with time . 
  we are clearly seeing it in our country as it is an emerging economy . 
  the employed rate is in a rapid increasing pace . 
  and while it increases , the rate of births is decreasing rapidly . 
  same for immigrants . 
  they do 5-6 kids in their countries . 
  but when they get to our country or europe , and adopt the living style in here , they just stop breeding . 
  they are like free , in wild nature in their countries . 
  they have all the time there , so they are fine making babies . 
  having only the weekends while using most of that time by sleeping/resting is just not enough . 
  working time shall be decreased in order to boost babies in europe . 
  people should first feel like they have enough time for their own selves , then they can start going for babies . 
  money and life quality alone are just not enough to boost baby counts . 
  yeah , insults are more informative and thus more helpful obviously . 
  good for you . 
  you can check syriza and its general stance towards nationalization/privatization as it is a communist party . 
       we call it ` communism ' when the state owns all the companies , so that the spent money can also be earned directly by the state . 
      but that system is a total failure and could not indeed let anyone live a normal life , yet alone a fine life . 
  it was at minus prior to that message of mine , so . . btw are you following me on reddit ? 
  you are starting to disturb me . 
  yeah , insults help . 
  you are probably an immigrant there . 
  that is what i meant by saying it . 
  and no . 
  russia had no right to take over crimea like that . 
  it is not the way how things shall run , otherwise all the countries might start taking over territories around by force left and right . 
  in the future there will be no territories anyway . 
  so this all fuss is really nonsense . 
  again , that northern cyprus has been created to create an area for those people to be able to live on . 
  that is also the reason why we have not really pushed it to be recognized anyway . 
  if we wanted it so badly , we could have done that as well . 
  in the future we will see a huge eu federal entity , in which we will see not only turkey in it , but also ukraine , belarus , some new disintegrated territories from russia , georgia , azerbaijan , israel ( having a ground neighboring territory with turkey ) and palestine . 
  all the people of this entity will be the citizen of this same country anyway . 
  almost all the wars that have been occured on this planet , were deep inside the europe . 
  now look at the case . 
  concurrent eu even at its current state is more than enough to stop all the wars altogether , because no one no more makes the territories a big deal . 
  people will be able to live , work etc anywhere they want within this unified entity . 
  territories will be totally pointless in the end . 
  and down on the road , in like a few thousands of year , we may see a unified world . 
  the ` turks ' are nothing but a mix of greeks , pontus , georgian , assyrian , yazidis , cherkez , lazes etc. .
