  it is the original nation of the roman empire , which is a mix of all the nations around it . 
  we always were in cyprus . 
  nationalism just worked in a way that more nationally populated areas wanted to cease from us , the mixture of them and others . 
   you think i am against russian actions ? 
  you should be . 
  they are breaking international laws just like . . oh wait a second !, 
  are you really a canadian anyway ? 
  i suppose not !, 
  :@ you just have a twisted flag there , an armenian hiding behind a modern country !, 
   the issue was with the referendum , and even then , russia just took control of a historically russian city with a russian majority . 
  you still do n't understand that things do not work like that ... you guys will eventually learn to respect the order we the human-beings have created on this planet . 
  it will take time , but we are not rushing . 
  oh , it will be rather painful for you guys though . . 
  so what ? 
  russia has invaded crimea . 
  its population is +95 % russian . 
  so what ? 
  do you think this is the case there :  russia invaded its own people ? 
  k . there are * laws * for a reason . 
  nations can just populate areas , and invade those areas , and then just say stupid things like :  we just invaded our own people ? 
  k. just kidding , no one would say such a stupid thing . 
       thats cause youve closed your borders to them apparently for no reason . 
   and refuse to even open them only serving azerbaijans interests . 
  that had nothing to do with azerbaijan . 
  we closed our borders before the karabakh incident . 
   on top of that refusing to recognize the millions of armenians killed by ottoman hands . 
  we refuse to refuse leaving the subject to the historians . 
  http://lethistorydecide.org/ as you can see , we are not scared of the history . 
  we are ready to face it , if the historians are those who will cover it . 
  i am not asking what happened 1900 years ago , or else we all would have to end up having to accept living under a huge mongolian empire or sth like that . 
  i was merely asking what kind of internationally legal rights armenia had , to justify invading a territory of another country like that . 
  well , germany massacred more than 10.000.000 civilians during ww2 too , and look where we are now !, 
  and somebody really got ta get up and fight against russian vacationers , or else these people will also end up having to migrate to poland . 
  good . 
  they need to get going , otherwise russia will eat them all alive . 
  no , you are the one playing with the words . 
  turkey supports the unification of northern cyprus . 
  turkey supported the invasion/disintegration of yugoslavia because all the world at that time ( us and eu ) acted on it . 
  this is where you are dancing around the words , let me fix it for you :  turkey , along with the rest of the world , supports kosovo and the unification of cyprus , while also opposes , again with the rest of the world , nagorno-karabakh . 
  you made it sound like it is only turkey who supports kosovo and who opposes armenia 's invasion on that area . 
  that is in fact , true that turkey does those things , with the rest of the world ( minus 2-3 exceptions ) . 
  no , not at all . 
  creating a country out of another country like that is not supported by international laws . 
  and that is the difference that makes that area unrecognized , not that because turkey is the weird ugly kid in the class . 
  also , the annan plan has been accepted by all the guarantor powers . 
  that plan has been accepted by a big majority by turkish cypriots . 
  greek side did reject it . 
  that is the only reason why there is that northern side still existing like that oddly . 
  it is not because we want it to exist like that . 
  recently turkey , yet again , officially asked un to create another plan to unite the island . 
  and the response was positive . 
  turkish side is still working hard to unite the island , where the greek side declared that it no longer wants the island to be united , and only asked for a small zone on the island from the turkish side and demanded turkey to open the transportation ports for cyprus . 
  they said it was all it is needed for them to acknowledge that side of the island and stop blocking eu negotiations of turkey . 
  we have no benefit and interest to keep the island diversified like that , neither the northern ` country ' in that island . 
   nagorno-karabakh is majority armenian and if they want independence or they want to join armenia , it is the is choice . 
  it is not how things work . 
  in georgia 's territories two unofficial areas claimed independence from georgia . 
  but as you can see , they are not official . 
  they are not recognized by almost no countries on earth . 
  that is what un is for . 
  un has hundreds of decisions about nagorno-karabakh region , simply saying that armenia massacred the civilian population in that area , broke the international laws , and occupied a territory of azerbaijan . 
  if those people wanted independence , they had to ask for it . 
  fighting and attacking a country militarily is by no means an acceptable attitude to ` free ' a country . 
  things first need to go through un . 
  they could have gotten their own country if they had respected the international laws a bit . 
  but as far as your blindness is concerned , let me tell you that it was never a case of the people in nagorno-karabakh , or armenia , or azerbaijan . 
  russia simply did all the acts there . 
  they told armenians what to say , how to act , what to do during all the process of invasion . 
  * just to use it as an experiment for bigger real scale actions that russia is taking right now . 
  * that case and war is not really , never was . 
  russia wanted to see if things like that can happen , so that it created that fake scene . 
  because the nato did not want to act so harshly , because they knew that russia was in that case , russia thought that it worked . 
  but in actuality , nato just stood away from there just to keep things calmed with russia , and that area was not really a big deal for them too . 
   just like armenia acted because there was an armenian population which wanted independence . 
  that is not how everyone says . 
  look , there are big turkish populations in western thrace and southern bulgaria too . 
  and bulgarian turks very often file human-rights violation reports against bulgaria for suppression . 
  there is also suppression in eastern greece too . 
  turkey specially tried to seem like it did not take that stance in cyprus for their own ambitions . 
  the massacres in that area lasted almost ten years before turkey declared it had to act . 
  and it has such a right too , supported by international law . 
  if that were all about like ` invading territories !!, 
  all hail new ottoman empire !! 1 !, 
  '' , then we could easily say that `` well , turks in bulgaria and greece are suppressed so much , so we have to act to save them ! '', 
  just like russia has been doing for a long while now . 
  but as you can see , turkey specially tries to look the other side when the subject is about suppression of turks in other places on earth . 
  it is not only in bulgaria or greece too . 
  china , serbia and crimea also suppress turkic people in those areas . 
  but we still look the other way , because we can not do anything about them . 
  that is also the reason why we could not do anything about syria . 
  there are many turkmens living there , and the border populations of both countries are like members of the same families . 
  but we had to take a permission internationally from un and other areas before acting . 
  or at least us needs to declare that it will act on its own and invite turkey as its ally , so turkey can act more freely in that area . 
  france knows this , and it was also the reason why they declared that they can act outside of the international laws with us and turkey for an offensive in syria . 
  things are not really that simple . 
  turkey cares international laws so much even though people like you want to think the otherway around . 
  that is also how we can have good relationships with the west while keeping our relationships with russia . 
  we have dozens of agreements with them , most of them are 80-90 years old . 
  look at the situation about german debt of greece etc. 
  people say it is no longer legit because 75 years passed on it .
