  it needs implementations to it . 
  there needs to be , at least , smart movement detectors along with smart ir cameras , so that whenever there would be a movement outside of the border , cameras would be activated and directed to that side so that guard officers can check what is going on there and actually have a chance to interfere . 
  highly concentrated voice/lightning sources could be directed at people very close to the border , to disperse them . 
  even wireless machine gun systems etc can be added . 
  a fence alone can not of course do anything . 
  it is pretty easy to cross it if that is the only thing there , a fence . 
  add human radars , small movement dedectors , ir cameras , automatic wireless-controlled machine guns and add bullet radar and air defece system . 
  there you go !, 
  zero immigrant whatsoever !, 
  well , he is right . 
   as i recall , recent immigrants are some of the strongest proponents of cutting down on immigration . 
  i do n't think that sounds logical . 
  and i am also not the one who said that kind of a situation would make your opinion invalid . 
  it must be someone else . 
  i thought you said you live in cyprus , a migrated iranian . 
  yeah , i just re-realized it . 
  he was i guess an iranian . 
  yep . 
  it is only aimed at immigrants there . 
  i do n't want a neighboring europe turning slowly into an islamized sharia ruled shithole . 
  that does not mean i hate islam or muslims , as i myself live in turkey , a majoritily-muslim nation . 
  the thing is that , imo , immigration is the wrong decision for the lack of population growth . 
  and that will solve nothing . 
  people who immigrate to eu , after adapting the life-style , will also breed as slow as natives . 
  so the eu will always have to get more people from abroad , mostly from muslim nations . 
  the thing is that , because of strong nationalism globe-wise so that everyone loves their country , only the extreme and low level side of the nations try to migrate to other countries . 
  we have seen it in the turkish migrants to eu . 
  they were the most religious , the most uneducated part of our nation even though germans expected the otherway around . 
  there is a problem and there is still no solution for it . 
  actually there are nice solution ideas to fix the population growth problems without importing people from abroad , but they are yet to get some attention . 
  the fact that europeans realizing that there is something wrong going on with the immigration policy , is a good thing . 
  they should at least demand that immigrants shall not have citizenships and thus no right to vote . 
  other than that , letting even the most extremes live in europe would not be a problem , as all they would do would be having a house + job and live + shopping + working . 
  giving out citizenships and the right to vote are the second downside of this failed immigration policy of eu . 
  good . 
  yeah , we wanted a big poland , so that we could gain a huge territory after we invade ya !!, 
  no ~ ~ * r * ~ ~ way !, 
  i am guessing it is the massacre of the view of those mountains behind . 
  exactly . 
  germany 's stance shall change dramatically . 
  it right now has an adopted policy of `` first the rest shall be assured to be let behind as much as possible , then , secondly , my economy matters . '', 
  the ironic part is that , germany could enjoy better economics if it would suffer a bit right now to help others catch it economically . 
  so germany does not put its own economical interests at the first priority . 
  even though its economical statistics are not really good considering the position of the country ( produces almost all and more than what all europe needs , and exports as much to the outside of eu , but still has a big poverty rate and unemployment problems . 
  ) , it still insists to have a policy of `` others shall not improve and catch me !! '', 
  at the first priority . 
  even saying : `` first , my economy matters most . '', 
  would fix all the eu 's problems , yet alone saying : `` all for each , each for all ! '' . 
  there is just no unification in the european union . 
  it is just pathetic . 
  lets see what is hidden down on the road . 
  chill man , our flag is not there too . . 
  so it got ta be ok  right guys ? 
  guys . . ? 
  * [ ^ ^ everything ^ ^ works ^ ^ as ^ ^ planned ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p0fhvke.jpg ) *, 
  '' * soon ... * '' xdxd, 
  i hope they 'd win and stop that immigration madness already . 
  people need to understand that keeping the population at a level by immigration is not sustainable as immigrants also do not reproduce like rabbits as desired . 
  there is nothing wrong in brit 's dna 's that prevents them from reproducing . 
  it has all to do with * ` the life-style ' * . 
  people with long free days end up making more babies . 
  it is a normal phenomena . 
  bring africans into uk and wait for a while and look , they will also stop producing like rabbits . 
  bring brits to africa and check them . 
  they will make lots of babies . 
  people just are too busy in life . 
  it has nothing to do with ' i have no time to fuck , so no babies ! ' . 
  it has all to do with self-satisfactory . 
  people barely have time for themselves in their lives . 
  they need more time than they have to be able to ` care ' a male or a female . 
  and even more time to be able to be convinced that a baby would be a good thing for them . 
  it is not just about gaining lots of money so being capable of feeding a huge family if so desired . 
  in our country , kurds in the east breed like rabbit dogs , literally . 
  they have tens of kids in every house . 
  but the kurds in the west are just . . normal . 
  they are westernized . 
  they earn x1000 more than what the eastern kurds earn , but still they do not breed , but instead the very poor people breed . 
  also , free jobbers also breed a lot , like company owners etc. 
  if you have time in life , you 'll make babies . 
  it has nothing to do with dna , gens , etc. . maybe a younger marriage allowance could make things better . 
  it also helps eastern citizens of our country a lot as they marry at 9-10 yo . 
  it is too early though , but 16 yo etc shall increase the marriages and babies . 
  of course more prosperity is needed for that to be able to work properly , and education shall be over a bit sooner . 
  * sigh *, 
  so that was the reason ... 
  i 'm waiting for the moment when they 'll say : `` april fools !!, 
  :d : : dd . . d :d '' the reply of the eu would be interesting tho . . :p, 
  * flex *, 
  yeah , eu should create a budget union , and a debt union . 
  exactly . 
  every state could build a special army of about 1/500 of their population . 
  all the border eu countries would have * eu bases * after all , there is no need to keep army within the eu territories . 
  armies shall be at the frontdoors of eu 's borders . 
  it would be so cheap . 
  their equipments could be produced by a cooperation of every nation with united technologies . 
  it would be very cheap and very efficient . 
  and it would make 1.000.000 strong army with great equipment and training . 
  i hope prussia can re-born again , in that little territory of russia between poland and the three little eu countries up there . 
  well , if you opened your eyes you could see that the world is trying to fuck russia up so badly that it would end up disintegrated . 
  once the disintegration begins , crimea will be one of the first places to be lost by the russians .
