  we will probably go into syria for invasion , along with us and france . 
  and they have not been made for this specific case . 
  and that is what you just do not understand . 
  look , if there would be a war between turkey and greece , of course they would be used in that war . 
  but we have other military technologies we could use just for that specific river . 
  and many armored vehicles would be transported via the sea , not via that border i 'd suppose . 
  anyway . 
  the thing is that , we have thousands of many military vehicles . 
  the defense industry produces them , and we are buying them and stockpiling them . 
  we have any kind of ground based military hardware , not just that . 
  why is that a problem now ? 
  just for that river , it is a danger for greece you think ? 
  i guess i am really right on that you guys are just delusional . 
  only a few of them would be enough for crossing that simple river . 
  and our army could build portative bridges very fast too . . 
  the real thing is that , our army has a defense budget and there is really not many ways to spend it on , other than creating/boosting defense industry and just buying those hardwares for turkish army . 
  that is what countries do with their defense budgets . 
  so yeah , our army is just stockpiling many of everything including all those weird hardwares too , just like every other nation . 
  wherever needed . 
  we are committed to have the capability to produce all the military hardwares available to the markets , to increase our defense exports . 
  and we are a longstanding member of nato . 
  we are also building a mini aircraft carrier . 
  what are we gon na do with that ? 
  we have a huge fleet , even for a country like turkey . 
  what are we doing with them ? 
  we are developing 2500km ballistic missiles . 
  what are we gon na do with them ? 
  we have developed almost every kind of ground-based type military hardware already . 
  we are developing our own radar systems . 
  what are we gon na do with them ? 
  we will do whatever with them what we are already doing with other military goods we have : 1-patrolling in the seas/oceans within nato missions ( we are a huge participator in nato missions ) ( also you might not be aware of it , but there are a lot of missions nato there , and many of them are crucially important , especially for the security of all the mediterranean sea ) 2-joining operations all around the world with nato ( generally in other continents , against any kind of threat in any kind of environment . 
  today 's terrorists have any kind of shit , so yeah ) 3-having a proper modern army against threats like syria for example . 
  edit : and it is also for river crossing , not * sea * crossing . . 
   lol . 
  this is exactly the attitude that suggests greeks need to be worried . 
  if the rest of turkey is anything like you at least ... that is them to decide . 
   they go over islands all over aegean whenever they can provoking as much as possible . 
      same with turkish navy `` testing '' greek patience by going in-and-out international waters and sometimes reaching near athens . 
  all what you are saying here is total bs . 
  they are * training flyings * the case here is that , your governments just make up this kind of news in your country just to diverse the attentions of the nation to something else . 
  do n't get me wrong , every country does that . 
  however we no longer need to use at least ` greece ' as a distraction card . 
  and i guess because it is no longer useful . 
  no one in our country really believes greece could actually be a threat for us even if that were to happen . 
  but no one here does not even believe that we would be in the opposite sides of a war . 
   that made me laugh though , thanks !, 
   no believe me , do n't just believe your news outlets . 
  if you try to think about it logically for like a few seconds , you 'll realize that such a thing could not even happen logically anyway . 
  why would we send our planes over athens and other cities of yours ? 
  exactly , no reason . 
  it is attention diversion . 
  you guys just need to do more research rather than doing the easy thing and just believe your own media outlets without checking other news sources around . 
   most probably , you . 
  made me smile . 
  ( :  your government is hmm , let 's say unpredictable . 
  attacking greece ? 
  are you sure you have not been like , living under a rock ? 
   yes we do !, 
  our history is full of such paradigms . 
  the greek revolt are you talking about ? 
  because that is the only success you got in like , 500 years ? 
  and we did not really have a huge army based in anywhere in thrace . 
  ottoman empire never really sent any army to greece to fight against the revolts . 
  we had bigger problems at that time . 
   the possibility will become even lower when both countries start to spend less on weapons . 
  we can not do that , as we have our own military industry . 
  and that makes our government require to keep purchasing military goods for our armed forces constantly , as well as finding new markets for military exports so that it can keep creating jobs and boost high-tech industries of other kinds . 
  and the reason why i so said is that we do n't really have a huge unemployment problems or stuff like that . 
  our debt is also sustainable right now . 
  if shits would start hitting the fan as the way they are hitting in greece now , we would indeed have to cut our purchases of military products in general . 
  and despite you guys , having no enemy around your country , we are dealing with real bs constantly around us . 
  at our north , russia and ukraine are eating each other . 
  in iraq , kurds , iraq , iran and isis are eating each other . 
  in syria , well lol , syria is like nonexisting anyway . 
  al-qaeda , hezbollah , al-nusra , isis and many other bs are eating each other while controlling the country , also while syrian government is busy killing his own nation . 
  israel and palestine are eating each other . 
  time to time israel attacks syria and lebanon . 
  lebanon is a total lost cause to iran 's hezbollah . 
  egypt is eating itself , bombing its own cities to clean terrorists off . 
  saudi arabia and all other arabian countries are fighting with iran 's puppets in yemen . 
  at our east , armenia and azerbaijan are eating each other . 
  russia and georgia time to time eat each other . 
  we are in the middle of ** * all * ** the actions in the world . 
  we do not have a luxury * to spend less on weapons * while we will also be expected to start an offensive on syria , most likely with only france and us as well as take care of isis . 
  meanwhile your only worry : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw0z5b01kqa  oh come on !, 
  we are not naive  yeah , you guys are not naive . 
  you guys are delusional . 
  if you do n't know inside the issues , then do n't talk . 
  those * violations * are very close to the soils of turkish borders . 
  and those * violations * are done only in that area , and only done by noob pilots who are there to fly the planes and learn the basics etc. 
  the issue is that , that specific area which is like in the turkish * ground * territory almost , is a disputed area . 
  you are acting like we are what russia is doing , flying our planes over your cities or things like that . 
  well , i would personally use that * $ 500.000.000 * to create some high-tech industrial factories , so that the country might start turning from a vacation destination into a somewhat normal economy while creating jobs and reducing the trade deficit . 
  why do you need improved war-machines anyway ? 
  who are you gon na fight ? 
  turkey ? 
  do you really think , even if you had money , you could beat us in a military exercise ? 
  ** if ** even that were the case , do you realize of the very low possibility of such a thing happening anyway ? 
  like , we are in an alliance , you know . 
  fencing alone can not work .
