  i have big hopes for the eu . 
  eu has the potential to become the utopia . 
  i hope , until we get our economy in a line good enough for the ez , the eu countries will get the rid of their debt burdens a little , and their unemployment rates would go down dramatically . 
  at that point , i want turkey to run a deflation , with 0 % - ish unemployed rate along with zero-ish debt , while also try being stronger than euro . 
  with as huge as such turkish economy , the euro would be so powerful and stable . 
  i also expect to see uk and sweden and also denmark in ez until then . 
  then , we can dictate the world to adopt euro as the international currency !, 
  we can go ahead and adopt ` latin ' as eu 's official language , dictating latin to the world as the new international language !, 
  i believe the future , yet again , will be in the paws of europeans . 
  hopefully together , we will show the entire world the power of the ` creators ' of democracy , modernity , civilization along with ideologies from fascism to communism , from liberalism to capitalism as well as not only the creators , but also the founders of countries like us , brasil etc , founders of whole continents . . europe , the continent of all the empire creators of the world . . 
  creator of imperialism and globalization , the only countries that fought with each others while also fighting with each other in the other side of the planet via their colonies . . once united , we would be unstoppable . 
  there would be no one else to fight over stupid things . . united we stand , divided we fall . 
   they are more additions without much impact , while turkey would become one of the core parts . 
  i am not a supporter of turkey joining the eu before it actually has like 3-4 trillion dollars worth of gdp . 
  my expectation of eu is like a united country . 
  i want my country to contribute to that union rather than getting help/support by that union . 
  and as gdp grows , people 's minds get more modern and westernized automatically . 
  the amount of conservatives has been decreased a lot since the akp got to the power , an interesting impact of akp , a conservative party . 
  it is because the gdp has risen a lot , so that the country improved in all the other sectors too . 
  education , services , etc , people have become more modern and westerners . 
  and not really even half of the country 's population considers islam as a big thing . 
  we are generally muslim , just on the paper . 
  not really a lot of people do islam things , like praying etc. 
   also eu would need to solve migration before even thinking of turkey in eu . 
  many western people already feel there are too immigrants , even if they are from within eu . 
  it really does . 
  i really do n't want my country to be a part of eu before it fixes its immigration problems . 
  i do n't want to see my country turning into arabia or pakistan , just like uk does . 
  all the countries should keep their cultures , values , national matters , entities , etc. 
  the limit of enforced immigration number shall be like 1/10 .000 of the population of the state . 
  so a country with a population of 100.000.000 would need to be obligated to take up to only 10.000 refugees/immigrants . 
  those refugees/immigrants shall be forced to stay in immigrant camps , and they shall be expected to obey the laws of the state , laws of the camp , and laws of the eu . 
  otherwise , they shall be kicked out . 
  and whoever would get into eu territories without legal front shall be considered as ` terrorist ' . 
  there are legal ways of asking to become refugees/immigrants of a country . 
  if you just sail to an eu country illegally , that is not becoming immigrants . 
  it is not the way to become immigrant . 
  it is illegal , and all those ships shall be sank . 
  afaik it was already half-ish legal . 
  he legalized having sex with people other than your wife/husband . 
  there was a punishment for those who has sex with other people than your legal partners , for ` cheating ' them . 
  even though it was an unpopular move among the conservatives , he legalized it . 
  he is demonized by international media because of very complicated things that i do n't think i can explain to a foreigner who has no idea of anything that is going on in turkey . 
  maybe reading this a bit , as in the political side not the economical side , would help you a bit on this regard : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2zogw9/journalist_sentenced_to_prison_as_houses_of_two/cpl08xm the thing is that , he made fornication legal , and turned the country into more modern in terms of laws and freedoms , than before . 
  mind you , he has been called to be a reformer up until like 2010 , and later on , he just became an evil dictator all around the global media outlets , comments of him calling for his assassination , calling for a coup in turkey , and comments like that all around the internet . 
  mind you , again , that he has been around for 13 years . 
  he did not just appear yesterday . 
  not really . 
  i live in istanbul , and i can say that this country is more westerner than most western cities , where they are still like undeveloped villages . 
  the west part of our country is , again , more modernized and developed than most cities in europe . 
  all the aegean soil is like that . 
  and cities like eskisehir and ankara are also like that . 
  the very east parts of our country have different cultures , mainly where kurds and armenians live . 
  but other than that , we are culturally , at least by a far majority , european !, 
  what you do n't seem to understand is that all that kind of improvements directly depends on the economical improvements . 
  and guess what , economy grew a lot during the akp 's mandate . 
  so everything else also improved a lot . 
   so what ? 
  you yourself are saying that it has grown under akp rule , so it is still their achievement !! 1 !, 
  it is not their achievement . 
  it would be their failure if they had not done this economical development . 
  the world itself grew a lot . 
  all the world economies grew as much as we did , and more pathetically , we grew less than what other emerging economies grew . 
   but why did the world economy grow so much then ? 
  akp must have done it !, 
  the economical success of akp is the over-liquidity of usd that has been around for a long while now . 
  and the more ironically , when the us lowered their interest rates to 0 % during the 2008 global crisis , turkey could only grow so much , up until last year . 
  so we could not even use this opportunity properly , only 4 years we could use the over-liquidity of usd in the global markets . 
  check this out and you 'll understand the nature of the economy a bit more clearer : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phe0bxaiuk0 once you finish watching it , you will understand what i am saying now : `` the world now is close to the depression point . '', 
  us will this year increase the interest rates to keep their economy at heights . 
  people like you will think like it is an economical miracle done by the us . 
  then things will start going ape-shit for the rest of the world . 
  all other currencies will keep losing their values against usd . 
  things will only get worse for the rest of the world . 
  liquidity will be squashed a lot . 
  banks will cut off their lending processes . 
  people will run to the banks to get their money back . 
  powers like eu that already have their interest rates at almost 0 % , will have to print money to stimulate their economies . 
  oh , btw eu ` already ' started printing and giving out euro !, 
  our central bank will have to increase its interest rates far far more . . 
  here is a summary of akp 's economical mandate : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjreudqhmgm so yeah , akp was brought to the power by fethullah gulen and the us . 
  they wanted to create a ` miracle ' government that they can use to control the country . 
  that is also the reason why they used devlet bahceli to go for early elections . 
  akp , chp and mhp were always puppets of fethullah gulen and us . 
  they wanted a ` success story ' as they saw that success stories always work just fine , they created akp . 
  erdogan has broken the chain of being puppets of the us , because gulenists tried to get the rid of him , his friends , and their families altogether . 
  that is just all . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  we will , if only you promise to get us into eu !, 
  no it might not be changed . 
  it would be considered as a net act of abuse of laws . 
  he might keep being the ` president ' as he already is the president anyway . 
  only the system might change . 
  there is no need for another election to elect the president . 
  the rest of the country is also beautiful and with full of history , if you bother visiting . . 
  but yeah , our beaches are the best !, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  because otherwise people might start opening millions of law suits for you , just to keep you busy for the rest of your life . 
  they can threaten you like `` if you resign and get the elections earlier , we will cancel all the lawsuits so you 'll have your life back '' . 
  especially the oppositions can do such things a lot .
