  maybe a ` tataristan ' could be created there * shrugs * . 
  latin is the way to go . 
  it is the root of all the eu languages . 
  almost . 
  why did n't you highlight the important parts i need to read ? 
  i 'd put presidential system in power , enforcing all the ` states ' to also adopt presidential system . 
  all the states and people would have to go to the general elections , local elections and presidential elections in the same day . 
  the whole europe , altogether , all the elections , in the same day . 
  the elections would be done via an electronic system . 
  all the elections would be held every 5 years , and if possible , would be taken like in the last day of a year , lets sat 2024 's last day . 
  so the governments , local powers and the presidents would start their jobs at the start of the new year . 
  2025-2030 it would last , then another set of elections would be held . 
  because all the elections would be in the same day , the turnout would be pretty high . 
  and because all the eu would be going to vote in the same elections in the same time , that would encourage people to vote because of excitement etc , all the news talking about nothing but the elections etc. . , so the turnout would be even higher . . 
  the * ` related ' * parties in the * ` states ' * would be united under one party , so huge parties across all the eu would be created . 
  a political union would be achieved . 
  political tensions would also be very low as the powers would not be changed for 5 years , as everyone would vote in the same time , and as one 's legitimacy would be supported by all others that are elected in the whole eu !, 
  political stability would be maximized . 
  maybe we could name the ` union ' as ` european empire ' etc , just for the sake of the good old days where all the eu countries separately had good big fancy empires all around the world . 
  it would be totally symbolic . 
  and we could call the main presidential election as ` imperial election ' !, 
  that situation started to scare me too . 
  here in turkey there was no guy pretending to be a cop while trying to enforce sharia laws before . 
  that being able to happen in eu personally makes me uncomfortable . 
  you guys need to take care of such people , cancel their citizenships and send them overseas . 
  islam is good and fancy , like all other ideologies understood as ` religion ' , as long as they are not taken too seriously . 
  we have . 
   is israel/saudi good for us ? 
  is greece . . ? 
  they as a group are better than all the other options imho . 
  well , i guess it is just like this time : [ putin : turkey is governed by a demagogue dictator who supports terrorists ] ( http://awdnews.com/top-news/10102-putin-turkey-is-governed-by-a-demagogue-dictator-who-supports-terrorists.html ) mind you that , if a news sounds really off , and it also is kind of mad ( hard to believe or too extreme ) , and there are no other news agencies talking about it - be it prothatcountry or antithatcountry - then it is most likely that the news is just a provocation . 
  it was unbelievable as it was about the day putin visited our country and acted like best-buddies with erdogan and turkey , promised lots of things to us , a whole nuclear industry , price-off for natural gas , new turk-stream etc , trying to act popular and earn the hearts of our population . . :p, 
  well , personally i no longer know what to trust about geopolitics in this region . 
  things get weirder every single day . 
  like , the gulenists were supposed to be pro-israel , and they are economically and politically . 
  but in practice , they support shia and expansionism of iran in me . 
  how can that be possible while obama and democrats are hated as hell by republicans and jews in general , for trying to make a deal with iran ? 
  erdogan also , despite of his anti-israel attitude in general , seems to fit well with us policies and israel 's stance towards iran , which also happens to be the exact policy obama tried to take back then . . also iranians along with republicans are pushing so hard for an independence kurdistan also from our territories . . 
  creation of isis by ksa to push iran off from this region , but us 's very late but vigilant response towards it . . all over the internet iranian trolls say that we created it , we are supporting it etc. . 
  while israel does not really take a stance on it , assuming that its purpose was well known after all . 
  us 's ` mistakes ' to send isis armament , while brit planes being downed by iraqi forces as they were to arm isis . . canadian agent found helping people crossing to syria to join isis . . german agents found red-headed , trying to revive pkk terrorist activities in the region . . something is really off . 
  my geopolitical sense whispers me that isis has been created and is supported by the alliance for iran ( assad , hezbollah etc. . ) , while iranians scream everywhere ` it is well known that turkey created/armed isis ' etc. . 
  under such possibilities , turkey ( so erdogan ) would still have to be in the line with west , and thus israel . 
  you guys need to know that anything todayszaman publishes can not be trusted . 
  it is a long story but that is the truth . 
  i 've not heard of this news even though i follow the news a lot . 
  if you have any other source to share , i 'd be happy to check . 
   turkish minister of foreign affairs said that greece is illegally occupying 10 islands in the aegean like 10 days ago . 
  really ? 
  any link of it ? 
  shame that our country is in a far distance towards you guys politically , as israel seems to be the only proper-ish civilization in the me . 
  we were that far into the central europe ? 
  the document seems to be one-sided at best . 
  the major problem with ttip would be the lack of competitiveness between the sectors from different countries . 
  even eu did not fix its problems in this regard , and now it tries to unite its non-competitive economy with usa , an economy which almost has no commodity with eu economies . 
  instead of going through the ideas of increasing the competitiveness and fairness between eu and us economies , eu first needs to fix its lack of competition and fairness inside its own economy . 
   but if that happens , i 'm pretty sure scotland would revolt and secede . 
  me too . 
  and if that were to happen , i am pretty sure ` england ' would want to re-join the union . 
  after all , once you are in eu , you are like united with others in almost every way possible . 
  so that they could still be like one country up in that island . 
  bull . 
  i watched the whole of that convo , and nowhere it 's been said anything like :  `` there will always be war in europe because europe is useless . 
  us depends on russia and germany being enemies and are terrified that they might get closer economic ties , ukraine soldiers are us soldiers '' . 
  the thing is that , george wants to see a united europe , in literal terms . 
  he wants to see united states of europe , and such videos of him openly saying/supporting it can be easily found all around the internet . 
  uk would not benefit from getting into eu ? 
  their currency is more expensive than euro . 
  adopting it would increase their competitiveness , and increase in their export sector and tourism sector would be seen . 
  and with uk in the ez , the euro would be far more stable . 
  sharing a common currency would also benefit a lot with the trades . 
  their inflation hit 0 % where the eu 's is around there too . 
  interest rate of ecb is also in the benefit of an economy like uk . 
  i hope it will not happen . 
  this whole idea is meant to fail from the start . 
  for capitalism to be able to work properly , there first requires to be a fair playing ground for all the competitors ( individuals , banks , companies , states , etc. ) . 
  otherwise some countries will just abuse it . 
  the eu does not even have such a fair competition ground even in eu . 
  that is also the reason why some countries go through harsh times while germany is always shiny . 
  think of it this way . 
  eu is a big united market . 
  regardless of wherever you might create your company in , you 'll still have the same markets . 
  the same competitors to compete with . 
  why would you create your company in france for example , where you can just create it in germany and have to pay less taxes than what you would have to in france ? 
  same goes for oil price differences , natural gas price differences , electric price differences , water price differences . . eu first should fix its existing problems in front of the fair competition ground , which will happen as it seems to plan united natural gas distribution system already , but it still is too early . 
  and eu could not really get into competition with us companies which really do n't have to obey almost any kind of worker condition law or environmental law . . 
  there is just a loong way to go for ttip, 
  russia could not dare it . 
  especially when the world is talking about oil prices might get lower to $ 20 . 
  well i have bigger hopes , but they include yours too !, 
  hopefully norway will join eu too along with switzerland and denmark along with uk will join the eurozone !, 
  well we did it . 
  :p and it was rather fast too . 
  and it was 1920 's . . 
  but oh well , i 'd still call for latin as the eu language , as it already is the eu anthem language and is the core language of almost all other languages eu has . 
  it would be easier to teach such a relatively better known language to the crowns in like a decade . 
  just turn the english classes into latin classes , wait a few years . . profit !, 
  edit : here is an informative table : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interlingua#samples, 
  pathetic at best . 
  and it sounds cool too !,
