  what possible justification could be put forward to even think of the necessity of such murder ? 
  that is the reason why we have chosen the other option . 
   this was used as an argument to justify the holocaust . 
  no it does n't . 
   it does not put your argument in good company . 
  yes it does . 
   what ? 
  so you do want to exterminate people ? 
  uhm . . have you ever heard of ^ ^ ^ ^ * sarcasm * ? 
  i agree with you . 
  we should have chosen the other path instead . 
  no , it was a war . 
  that is the only sane-ish explanation to the case . 
  they genocided the local turkish population under the will of russian hegemony later on . 
  turks had 2 options , kill them all or deport the males that cause the killings of locals , to far away . 
  if that is a form of genocide , as a response to another genocide , then it is a war , right ? 
  i mean , genocide is bad . 
  and if what ottoman empire did is still a form of genocide , then what could it have done ? 
  just letting those people massacring half of anatolia ? 
   which is why there 's still armenians living there , right ? 
  yep . 
  there are millions of them living in turkey . 
  they have generally been married to kurds and turks , and kind of turkified . 
  but they have not been killed . 
  you would know this too if you had read a few documentaries on the matter . 
   except it only lost the western part of it , and only after three years . 
  and if they had any intention of letting them survive why not deport them further into anatolia ? 
  that is the reason why the armenians could have been deported to that area . 
  it was still under the control of ottoman empire . 
  but syria was a lost cause and the empire very well knew it . 
  bringing them into anatolia would not solve anything . 
  the problem , after all , was them massacring people around . 
  it would give them a new chance to massacre new people . 
   oh please , the ottoman empire itself had already set up the hamidiye to harass the armenians back in the 1890 's . 
  you do n't set up irregular armed units and tolerate them for decades if you do n't intend them to do anything . 
   the hamidian massacres and the adana massacre . 
  the reason why kurds started to rise and rebel against the empire and other ethnicities living around , was that british empire offered them a new country . 
  those massacres have not been done by ottoman empire or young turks . 
  it has nothing to do with turks in the first place . 
  ottoman empire never had much of a control of that area . 
  that area was ruled by warlords , and actually still is ruled by warlords . 
  almost all kurdish villages in turkey are still ruled like that . 
  one guy , `` the owner of the village '' , somehow owns almost everything in that village and his sayings are rules . 
  that is one of the countless reasons why kurds immigrating from such areas to western turkey are seen as savages . 
  they still have the culture of thousands of years old warlord-rule cultures . 
  that is also the reason why kurds never had their own country . 
  warlords were happy to keep their small villages , so there was never a need to create bigger entities . 
   for both armenians and turks , who will finally be able to metaphorically shake hands , look back at their shared past and refuse to close their eyes to the truth , which in turn will go a long way in ensuring that similar actions will never take place again . 
  i am also looking for it . 
   why deport the women and children along with them ? 
  generally only men have been deported . 
  that is why armenians generally cry that `` they have taken my father/grandfather/uncle away '' etc. 
   why deport them to the syrian desert of all places ? 
  because ottoman empire knew that it was going to lose that area . 
   why set loose kurdish gangs upon them ? 
  there was no need for it . 
  kurds known to be `` not helpful '' for any `` stranger '' . 
  they never helped ottoman armies while they marched to persian empire and other eastern/southeastern areas . 
  and in fact , one of the ottoman emperors wrote a curse for the kurds ( well , just a curse-wishing to god ) , because they did not even give him and his army water . 
  they themselves had to create a whole new well for their water needs . 
  it is a famous curse in turkey , a very long one too . 
   why take all of their belongings ? 
  who else would keep those farms alive ? 
  there were strict rules about farms in ottoman empire . 
  almost all the land belonged to the emperor anyway , the `` the right of taking-care '' of those areas were given to locals . 
  and if a farm would not be taken care and start producing products 3 years in a row , they would be given to someone else instead . 
   if it only had to do with wwi , then why were there two significant massacres decades prior that had nothing to do with any war ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  but our archives say that armenians , with russian push , massacred hundreds of thousands of turks in that area , regardless of religion ( christian , muslim , jewish ) , age , gender , etc ) , and then have been deported to syria . 
  there are deportation orders well documented by the archives . 
  but , to this date , armenia has not opened one single archive . 
  that is because they do n't have any . 
  there is a very good comment there that explains all this issue pretty accurately :  today armenia is a poor , miserable , backwards country encapsulated by the sorrounding countries and without any shores to black sea and without any dynamism and hope for economic development . 
   in these circumstances the so-called `` genocide '' gossip is their only argument and their only tool in their foreign policy . 
   this is the main reason for the political efforts behind the issue . 
  i 'd do everything to see all kurds leaving our country and gtfo to their own kurdistan or w/e . 
  they are doing nothing but doing `` honor-killings '' ( dunno how it can be honorful ) , `` child marriages '' , `` drag trafficking '' , `` child slavery '' etc. . 
  they fucking smoke a lot too . 
  they really make our country look like shit . 
  it would make things far better if they had a `` kurdish '' passport rather than a `` turkish '' passport . 
  exactly , they also pay a lot for those ship trips too . 
  that would be a total wasted money for them . 
   otherwise it rises like a rabid dog ** like in this year ** . 
  well , apparently those most economists are wrong . 
  til 18 december 2014 = right now, 
  this much growth will not solve any unemployment problems . 
  we alone need to grow 5 % to keep the unemployment rate stable . 
  otherwise it rises like a rabid dog like in this year . 
  / * flex *, 
  he did n't have to say it out loud in public though . 
  there are countless sources out there freely available if you know how to use your eyes . 
  fuck.you . 
  they should not take any immigrants . 
  we should kick all those immigrants from our country back to wherever they came from !, 
  i really wish all of them to gtfo of my country !, 
  yes , you ungrateful monstrosities , flee to eu !, 
  there is nothing to see here in turkey , you poor fucks !, 
   until some form of stability is reached in the countries they come from . 
  they are those people who should create that stability . 
  if all the sane people will just keep escaping their countries , there then will be no progress in their countries .
