kurds started to post rudaw everywhere after it has been created . 
  it makes almost only turkish and kurdish news , bashing turkey while petting kurds in general . 
  weird thing is , the only results i find is sources quoting `` awdnews '' as the source . 
  and the main news i could only find is from awdnews . 
  i am not even gon na question the legitimacy of awdnews ... ( dafuc is that ? ), 
  this news is important as fuck if it is real . 
  and it is at least 12 hours old . 
  why only awdnews made a headline about it ? 
  can you provide any other source , op ? 
  i think it is a good thing . 
  states should not have so many state personals . 
  private sectors shall be given the chance to get the hold of the free economy . 
  in the long term , kicking out state personals is a great idea to improve the economy . 
  my country also wastes so much money on nothing . 
  we also need some austerity measures too . 
  people do n't like austerity , but they are actually very helpful things . 
  farrage for immigration . 
  sarkozy for defense . 
  merkel for finance . 
  queen for presidency . 
  mogherini for foreign . 
   that is how greece went from -15 % deficit to +3 % surplus in 3-4 years and why greece is ranked # 1 in reforms by oecd that is pretty impressive . 
  but then why do you need that bailout money to pay another interest of your debt ? 
  budgets take debt interests also into account you know . 
  / u/isreactionary _ bot twistedtooth, 
  well , i 'd not blame them . 
  no , that is not the subject . 
  the subject is that they need to be grateful with the first country they can find to stay in . 
  if the country itself would not want them , of course they shall be displaced . 
  but that has nothing to do with gratefulness . 
  hey , they are my ancestors after all , aye ? 
  for those who else might not know , this is anatolia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anatolia#/media/file:anatolielimits.jpg an older document : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anatolia#/media/file:asiaminor.jpg, 
  do you even know the borders of * anatolia * ? 
  hint : no you do n't . 
  it is indeed xenophobia if those people would leave italy to germany , for italy being italy . 
  they are leaving because they want better life standards than what they would have in italy . 
  that still does not give those people any right to pick a country . 
  they should be grateful to be in spain , or italy , or greece . 
  they want to be in germany !, 
  because libya is in a fucking mess !, 
  what do you mean ? 
   ah yes , when is your 800th birthday ? 
  you ca n't take credit for what your ancestors did . 
  why yes i can . 
   you sound like someone who is really butthurt that all your cousins who moved to germany are better off than you . 
  hahaha , what does that even mean ? 
  xd that actually shows that * you * are butthurt for some odd reason . 
  then tell me , you reasonable person , why do those * in need people who are running from wars , genocides , terrorism and diseases * just do n't agree to stay in some eu countries but rather migrate to other eu countries even though it * also * is illegal ? 
  do those eu countries have also * wars , genocides , diseases and terrorism * ? 
  good that i said i live in germany . 
  / s that has all to do with the subject too . 
  / s reddit is lucky to have people like you who post related comments to the threads . 
  / s / s / s / s / s/s/s / s/s, 
  i am not talking about  the overwhelming majority of refugees going to their respective neighboring countries . 
  i am talking about those people that go to europe ,  who literally pick countries by countries . 
   who first go to greece , then italy , then france , then uk , then germany . .  who are taking their time to pick an eu country for themselves . 
   who are not really going to eu to find a place to have a peaceful life but  to have a rich and easy life , and by doing so they just show a big fat f.u. 
  to the other eu countries than germany in the meantime . 
  good for them . 
   is it wrong that they want to go to a place where they can work for their money and support their families ? 
  unlike some greeks or italians ... 
  i 'll try to pretend like i did not read your comment now ... 
  i do n't need to . 
  we have gone through all these steps hundreds of years ago . 
  the exact same footsteps . 
  and guess what , there was nowhere to immigrate !, 
  and that is precisely the sole reason why we are in good conditions regarding * stability , economics , humanrights , democracy * and * freedoms * . 
  because we had to stay , ** and fight ** for our dreams , instead of running other places !, 
  those countries will never improve if they will not stop running away and not start fighting for their countries , because those who flee , are the only people that can actually make a difference in those countries . 
  they are just greedy , ungrateful people . 
       but they 're not , a large part of the people who try to get into europe , do n't do it for economic reasons , they are trying to escape war zones or persecution . 
  no , they are not . 
  they literally pick countries by countries . 
  they first go to greece , then italy , then france , then uk , then germany . . 
  they are taking their time to pick an eu country for themselves . 
  they are not really going to eu to find a place * to have a peaceful life away from wars * . 
  they want the * best * country in the world !, 
  they do n't accept to less of deals !, 
  they are going there to have a rich and easy life , and by doing so they just show a big fat ** f.u. 
  ** to the other eu countries than germany in the meantime . 
  if you love them so much , go live there . 
  no one is holding you . 
  oh ... sweden ... of course ... 
  i 'd love to see georgia as a part of eu !, 
  along with azerbaijan !, 
  if we had not invaded them , they would not even be aware of our existence today . 
  exactly . . we are being inhumane while trying to seem like humane . 
  that is just pure idiocy . 
  you are not from iran , are you ? 
  just wondering . 
  those who try to go to that sovereign area illegally . 
  i guess doing so is easier for them then * shrugs * . 
  but we do n't have to copy everything australia does . 
  and tony did not mention doing so as well . 
  he is just mentioning of turning the boats away . 
  yeah . 
  i guess it would be better for them to live without electricity , water , internet , vehicles , roads , economy , clothes , education , healthcare and everything else and just live how they have been living prior to when europeans started to colonize that area . 
  they were happy living like that . 
  we should indeed have not touched them at all . 
  you are like making it sound like it is australia 's problem or sth .
