  what about ` latin ' then ? 
  eu anthem already is in latin , and it is the core of almost all the languages the eu has . 
   by making one language the official language of all eu countries , people would be pressed to speak english , fascilitating the replacement of other languages . 
  look at what happened to gaulish and etruscan . 
   what about ` latin ' then ? 
  eu anthem already is in latin , and it is the core of almost all the languages the eu has . 
  instead of english , you can just learn another language . 
  for example ... latin !, 
  it is not practical to write every sign , board , promotion etc in every language eu has . 
  there are more than 60 minority language . . 
  the case shall be aimed at keeping all the languages while also having one common language , just to communicate all across europe . 
  so , even though you might go to a different ` state ' , the signs and boards etc would still be understandable for you . 
  you 'd not feel the need to constantly use translators etc. . 
  latin would be so badass . . with this as the anthem : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6czfyo7safq and ` unicorn ' as the animal symbol of eu ( hopefully !, 
  and down on the road , unicorns can be a real possibility too !, 
  think about it , unicorn , an exclusive rare animal that can only be found in eu !! ), 
  the language latin would just fit perfectly fine !, 
  yup , did it already . 
  nice going ez !, 
  it asks to be subscriber to read the articles . . 
  so , does this mean sarkozy is winning ? 
  and when are the elections gon na be held ? 
  that should also be changed . 
  marrying one shall not mean getting the citizenship from where your partner is from . 
  you shall be just married . 
  end of the story . 
  if the person wants to have a citizenship , then he/she needs to go through normal procedures to get citizenship . 
  needing to pay a huge price ( as in money ) , having to have uni-grad , harsh racial/religion profiling , harsh past checking for criminal records . 
  then he could gain the rights of an eu citizenship . 
  people with criminal reports should not ` be able to ' get eu citizenship via a shared eu database program . 
  it just should say like : ` rejected . 
  reason : criminality . ', 
  eu citizenship should be controlled with one center . 
  harsh racial/religious profiling shall be held . 
  not only their pasts shall be looked at , but also their families ' pasts shall be checked . 
  they should at least be uni-grads and have enough wealth to be able to live in eu . 
  there should be a common price to get eu citizenship rather than different nations offering difference prices for it . 
  it should be at least $ 1.000.000 for anyone who would want to become eu citizens . 
   you poor soul . 
   no i 've never been to that sub ... alright , i guess i really mistook you with someone else . 
  sorry mate . 
   i hope that both turkey and the eu get this right instead of letting our countries getting destroyed . 
  same , but i doubt that it can happen during the akp 's mandate . 
  a huge shame as other parties seem to be more than incapable and pathetic at best . 
  we are simply stuck with akp and its delusional utopic islamist world , that is for sure . 
   oh boo hoo , sucks for you . 
  are you 5 or what ? 
   and you did vote for them when you guys elected erodgon , ** who supported isis and other terrorist groups . 
  ** any source on that ? 
  or do you just like making up shit out of your ass ? 
   you ca n't complain about being involved in the civil war when you involved yourself . 
  you are acting like you have been living under a solid rock . 
  our country put extra effort not to seem like it is in anyway involved in this mess . 
   go cry yourself to sleep idiot . 
  and as always , the only source people like you can provide is : ` idiot , noob , crimeariver , hahalulz , ima5yo , yo mama is so fat . . ! ', 
  you do not belong to this subreddit . 
  we did not do anything . 
  and no , we should not have killed them . 
  we just should not have opened our doors to them . 
  they could go to somewhere else , but instead they picked the easy choice , just walk to the biggest border and . . done !, 
  they are all over the streets right now . 
  our government at least should not have gotten more syrians than it could look after ** in the focking camps !, 
  ** we did not vote for this mess . 
  they could live all they want in the camps , but should not have let go into the cities !, 
  they do not belong to anywhere other than refuge camps !, 
  they are focking ** refugees ** and they should be treated as such !, 
  i do n't give two fucks about whether they would be dead by now if we had not allowed them into our soil or not , but it is now obvious that it was a wrong choice to get them in . 
  they could just ask for help from their best-buddies , the syrian kurds and ypg , as it seems like they are more than capable of protecting everyone around . 
   transnistria  it can hardly be considered a state . 
  now i feel good about not having heard of it before !, 
  we need latin as eu language , then we can enforce the rest of the world to use it as int . 
  language too !, 
  * evil laugh *, 
  i 'd laugh more if they really get out of euro and eu altogether along with nato , and join eurasia while adopting ruble . . xd, 
   you guys will be fucked up once the us would decide to increase their interest rates . 
      the oil prices would then get lower and lower . 
      you guys better have a plan for it . 
  i wrote this . 
  what in my post implied anything that may show any misunderstanding of differences between the government and the people ? 
  this is what will happen . 
  it is not a christmas-wish . 
  you guys will be fucked up once the us would decide to increase their interest rates . 
  the oil prices would then get lower and lower . 
  you guys better have a plan for it . 
   the other eu countries have their own stuff to fix and many of them were relucant to bail out greece and obviously they went for the cheaper option to pay the creditors instead of also paying creditors and giving greeks money , because guess what ... they need to spend money on their own countries too !!!, 
  exactly . 
  greece is not the only european country where shit is constantly hitting the fan . 
  the whole continent is in bad conditions and many of other european countries also have harsh austerity measures . 
  if i were any of them , i would just not give any single cent to greece as they do n't even seem to understand the cause of this crisis in the first place , yet alone trying to scream and bite the hands that are helping them in their hard conditions . 
  but then their banks would go bankrupt . . their economies would go even more shittier . . 
  the mistake was other european countries . 
  they should never have given any money to greece and should let it die in the painful death they asked for . 
  now that they have a huge debt with them , not only they will be hurt more when they die off economically , but they will bring the rest of the continent down along with them . 
  it is called greed , childishness , immaturity , etc. . 
  laughed loudly on that idea xdxd, 
  what did they expect ? 
  the money to go directly into the pockets of the greek people ? 
  o.o they still wan na live far above their means even though this all shit is happening because of them having been living beyond their means ? 
  did they even learn anything ? 
  i am not expecting that to happen anytime sooner than 2020-2025 .
