  * sigh * old colonies just never learn ... 
  yeah , i mean look at us . 
  even 3yo kids have their own machine guns . 
  do you see ` muricans running around starting civil wars and massacre each other in us ? 
  everyone is free to buy a weapon . 
  if in your country that leads to a civil war that kills 250.000 people , then that means there is a problem with your country , not the sellers of weapons . 
   also all those muslim migrant will be treated like second class citizen in israel well , it still sounds better than being drawn in a sea where later on your body can not be found . 
  are, 
  what about israel ? 
  it is not a deadly trip , and that is actually closer to them too . 
  i think it is good as it is . 
  eu already is doing its best to save * illegal * immigrants even though it is not obligated to do so . 
  they are choosing to be * illegal * immigrants rather than applying legal channels to become * legal * immigrants . 
  and they do that by going to a very dangerous trip from a continent to another with small old full-of-other-people boats . 
  they risk , they get what is deserved . 
  eu is not god . 
  it can not teleport whoever is in need to be saved instantly . 
  asking more of eu in this regard is plain ignorant , immature and childish . 
   few months later , putin in istanbul announced new `` turkish stream '' ... ankara is the capital of turkey . 
   wich honor ? 
  this exactly . 
  russia indeed never had any honor to begin with . 
  i do n't think there are wars going on in those places . 
   breaking it by bringing us trainers and canadian trainers . 
  that is where you are wrong . 
  no one brought anyone , they came by themselves . 
  ah urartu , instead of barking just go fuck urself or sth . 
  that would still be more * productive * . 
  they still get the food they ordered : right to live and a job . 
   if a country can maintain demand for its currency , it can run a trade deficit indefinitely . 
  and that is the problem . 
  big trade deficit countries can not maintain the demand for their currencies . 
  re-read the title . 
  long term big trade deficits require loans for the economic growth to stay sustainable . 
  same for us , everyone shrank while e grew 10 % in that global crisis . 
  but , uhmm , what about the debt ? 
  how much did your debt increase at that time ? 
  a hint : must be a lot . 
  trade deficit economies are not sustainable for long terms . 
  latin is the future of this continent . 
  should i have not known it ? 
  sorry , i am just confused a bit . 
  so , you think those are people that can not love ? 
  really ? 
  they really can not love or like anything ? 
  they can not even love their children ? 
  that is too hard to believe . 
  are you by any chance ... from russia ? 
  they must have become professional , perfecting their art in iraq etc. . . ** / s **, 
  well , in our country there are a few communist parties . 
  the most famous one is `` turkey communist party '' . 
  and this are their official symbols : http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6868ckxeu1r3e51f.jpg, 
  are they banned ? 
  i do n't hate us at all , i actually love us . 
  but i 'd rather like it more if eu would keep its trade advantages over us and abuse that position more for its own economical interests . 
  x ] why have a trade deficit when you can have a huge trade surplus , aye ? 
  i think they can steal the `` mining '' , `` building '' etc sectors . 
  or factory workers . 
  higher level of attentional works shall be enough for europeans if the system would be created with a good strategy at mind . 
  kind of . 
  but they would not be slaves as they would have to accept these terms willingly . 
  it would work if necessary measures are taken . 
  we could say that , immigrants would not be able to get out of their high-walled immigrant camps where their jobs are ( a factory ) and a big super market is located within . 
  with this way , no one really would have to interact with them , and thus no problem would occur . 
  they can go to somewhere else . 
  i am pretty sure europe is not the only place people are not getting killed in an instance they step in . 
  well , as long as they would accept to these terms willingly , it would not be slavery . 
  otherwise they can always choose the other option , going back to wherever they come from . 
  no one would be forcing anyone . 
  these rules apply to all of them who wan na be immigrant in europe . 
  they get what they want , a house and a job in that country . 
  that is good enough for them . 
  because i think that is what `` immigration '' actually is . 
  you are immigrating to another place you should not have any say of . 
  as long as you are educated and know how to behave in public , give up on rights that might make the locals of that area suffer economically and socially , and just adapt the life-style of that area then everything shall be fine . 
  exactly my thoughts yet again !, 
  and finally , territorial disintegration of russia . 
  we could also take over all the russian factories and companies in eu while sanctioning russia that much . 
   i think european union as an entity is a competitor to the united states , not an ally or a friend exactly my thought x ) ) if we could get to unite our economies , laws , freedoms , politics and everything else , we would be far stronger than us in every way possible . 
  eu already is running a huge trade surplus where us is running a huge trade deficit . 
  if eu would be united firmly , then our surplus would rock and roll while us ' trade deficit would freefall to the oblivion . 
  well , georgia is european . 
  there is no doubt about it . 
  i think immigration is good and immigrants are okay , as long as : - they get vicioused . 
  - they are made to not seek their libido . 
  - they are made to be illegal to marry in europe . 
  - they are made to be illegal to adopt baby/child in europe . 
  - they do n't get citizenship . 
  - they do n't get the right to vote in elections . 
  - they obey all the rules and laws and regulations . 
  - they do n't benefit free healthcare and free education . 
  - they do n't get to benefit unemployment or other social benefits . 
  - they have to be uni-graduated . 
  - they pay a high amount of money to be immigrants in eu . 
  - they have clear records of their pasts , showing that they have no record of violation of laws or other criminal records . 
  - minimum wage laws do not apply to them . 
  - working conditions laws do not apply to them . 
  exactly this . 
   believe it or not this is never the right choice . 
  you should rather lose a war than butcher people needlessly .
