  give me a logical border between when they should shoot and should n't . 
  so when it becomes justified to shoot ? 
  at 3km ? 
  it 's easy to moan like that from comfort of your chair , but this is was a fast decision in an active warzone - to be safe and efficient at war you have to be make sharp decisions using stable , black-and-white rules . 
  they violate the airspace , they will be shot down . 
  simple . 
  no mulling over how many kilometers they cut . 
  ah , the gta logic !, 
  always so useful in real life . 
  can i get a transparent [ dog ] ( http://i.imgur.com/orah9kw.jpg ) plastered over my facebook avatar ? 
  it does not change anything about lacking integration policies in europe , but it does put down idea that attackers came with the recent migrant wave . 
  ... said someone having fun in a weimar republic berlin , circa 1932 . 
  france and poland - only european countries that do n't perceive napoleon as a hitler betatest . 
  he makes wrong conclusions from right assumptions . 
  it 's obvious that extremist islam wants us to hate muslims . 
  it wants moderate , assimilated muslims to feel alien in their new homelands , so they stop identifying with france/germany/uk and search a new circle in their faith . 
  it also wants us to burn resources and money in tough , almost impossible desert/mountain engagements with guerrillas that stretch for far too long - screwing up us and european economies with provoked wars was even in the most basic of al-qaeda outlines . 
  and you 're right that closing borders is not an act of hate that will make millions of muslims switch . 
  but ... we should still be really careful not to spill our fears and danger of this situation on innocent people already here . 
  terrorists want our far-right to openly attack muslims . 
  they want us to create restraining laws . 
  we have to balance slowing the influx of migrants with further attempts to peacefully manage population already on spot . 
  it 's possible , but my point still stands . 
  with isis having so many european muslims joining their ranks i bet it 's riddled with german , french and american spies . 
  it 's almost impossible for a chaotic and unstable organization like islamic state to maintain an effective counter-espionage . 
  it depends . 
  notice how many of these attacks are familial - charlie hebdo , boston marathon . 
  family/clan ready to commit terrorist attacks is insanely hard to control , since it works pretty much like a lone wolf - it 's a system absolutely impenetrable for any intelligence agency . 
  a massive , international event would require involvement of a large , multi-familial , multi-clan organization , which would automatically be easier to stop than perpetrators of recent attack . 
  if you 're so bothered even by things that do n't affect your life in the slightest i suggest the beautiful [ rockall ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rockall ) . 
  kaczynski/orban is the new best pairing of europe . 
  i expect quality hentai . 
  a stranger talking to me ? 
  typical polan . 
  they ca n't marry , ca n't file taxes together on same rules as heterosexuals , ca n't adopt . 
  their relationships , despite being the same , are considered as inferior to heterosexual ones . 
  stop bullshiting yourself and others . 
  they are considered second-class by the current law . 
  ok , let me explain why lgbt rights are important for me , despite affecting only a small portion of society . 
  let 's have a thought experiment - let 's say there 's a party in poland that really , really hates kashubians . 
  they want to deny them basic rights that poles enjoy - not give them some of the social benefits that are available to poles , a kashubian would n't be allowed to marry a pole , they would n't be allowed to adopt polish babies . 
  etc. . basically one of their program points would include treating kashubians as second-class citizens . 
  because of no particular reason , just some basic human prejudice . 
  would you consider voting for a party with a racist line like that ? 
  i mean - there 's only like 200 thousand kashubians in poland , right ? 
  they can suffer for some time . 
  there are more important things on hand than kashubians !, 
  let 's fuel racism machine against them for a few decades , because there are things of more importance . 
  it 's just hundreds of thousands of people . 
  they do n't matter . 
  for me , being against lgbt rights is the same as saying that some ethnicity should be stripped of their equality to other poles . 
  and just as i would never vote for an openly racist party , i 'm not willing to consider any party with an anti-lgbt stance . 
  because yeah - there are things that will affect more people that lgbt equality . 
  but openly anti-lgbt program is so revolting , so disgusting on a basic level , it automatically eliminates such a party from a race for me . 
  except in 2005 kaczy\u0144ski was not a lunatic in a state of deep emotional disarray . 
   shame though that many see us as some kind of radical nazi 's i mean , your party is * nationalist * , and it is kinda * socialist * ... 
  6 hours later ... 
  psl will sell themselves to anyone for ministry of agriculture . 
  it 's a legalized agrarian mob . 
  5 % for parties , 8 % for coalitions . 
  it 's pretty much like this in poland too . 
  i held hands with my bf numerous times on the streets of warsaw , nothing ever happened accept for some surprised looks . 
  but it does n't really mean anything about the overall homophobia . 
  just because people are not total fucking barbarians that would openly attack me for holding hands , does n't mean that they 're not hateful and willing to deny me equal rights . 
  because communism . 
  this is what you 're left with when you attempt communism . 
  it 's almost as if prejudiced and hateful people were not very informed , thoughtful and self-analytical . 
  in a pure laissez-faire system this guy is talking about even water would be private . 
  it 's harder to escape fire if you 're in post-impact shock , with injuries/concussion/etc . , things that would n't occur if you had your seatbelt on . 
  yeah , most long-distance buses have them , if there 's a rundown of rules driver will explicitly say that seatbelts are mandatory ... and that 's pretty much it . 
  nobody checks it , there 's no consequences of not using it , people die horrible deaths . 
  of course sld is post-commie , but nowacka is from tr . 
  as a prime minister she would push xxi-century left agenda . 
  yeah , but you ca n't say nowacka is post-commie , when she 's clealy not . 
  sure , i was just checking if you had any area where you would cut off absolute freedom of market . 
  i thought `` feminism '' was this vast and diverse amalgamate of social movements , including millions of people across the world , with a massive spectrum of different opinions and directions , often totally contradictory . 
  but nope . 
  apparently you can describe `` modern feminism '' as a whole in two badly formatted sentences . 
  seriously - it 's so annoying to see people say `` feminism this , feminism that '' , when there are dozens of different movements and ideologies under the banner of `` feminism '' , and it 's impossible to connect it with any singular idea . 
  tr is post-commie ? 
  do you consider razem only left in this country that 's not post-commie ? 
  do you think water companies should be allowed to offer you dirty , undrinkable water with irregular availability , with an option to upgrade to clean water + for additional 29,99 $ / month , while being fully capable to provide it to everyone ? 
  that 's true , but she was n't the face of elections , person that you would see every day in the news for weeks prior to elections . 
  and on the top of that her position comes from being president of warsaw , one of the most progressive and liberal regions of the country . 
  and apparently reddit means paranoia . 
  the difference is that both hanna suchocka and ewa kopacz became prime ministers mid-term , due to political perturbations and with minor input from society . 
  we never had a female prime minister who was a main persona during the campaign , and we never elected a party with a female frontrunner . 
  because you had internet , porn and long walks . 
  i do n't want to imply anything , i 'm just wondering how it works in sweden compared to system in my country - is the choice of school totally free , or is there a system of testing ? 
  how does it change on different levels of education ? 
  over here primary school choice is free , but kids from the area have a priority . 
  in middle school you can go to your area school , or out-of-area but only if your grades are good enough for the school in question . 
  high schools work purely on a score basis . 
  it was related in a roundabout way . 
  it seems that guy was a right-wing nutjob , his suit was based on german ww2 uniform , which also was an inspiration for darth vader and stormtroopers . 
  source : fihel , agnieszka ; pi\u0119tka , emilia ; * `` funkcjonowanie polskich migrant\u00f3w na brytyjskim rynku pracy '' * ; centre of migration research , faculty of economic sciences , warsaw university ; august 2007 [ download ] ( http://www.migracje.uw.edu.pl/publ/603/ ) . 
  use `` pobierz '' button , although i could n't find english translation of it , might not even exist . 
  translation of some additional info from it : 46,4 % were single , 28,8 % were married/co-habiting with no children , 20,8 % were married/co-habiting with children , 2,2 % were single parents , 1,8 % were married/co-habiting with children and other family . 
  [ this chart ] ( http://i.imgur.com/es9gqqx.png ) shows number of children born with * at least * one ( blue line ) , or both ( green line ) polish parents . 
  [ this table ] ( http://i.imgur.com/queba04.png ) talks about education of polish migrants in the uk .
