   boom , support growing . 
  in your dreams , son . 
  his support grows when he talks about economy , and then he spurts some of his sociopathic bullshit and it burns quicker than any other party . 
  i want to remind you that he was , in fact , in parliament , when he was n't saying whatever he wanted just to gain support of his main electorate - middle school students . 
  ones that i can remember right now : comparing current political layout with nazi germany , seeing women as inferior on numerous occasions , openly speaking up about his disgust of disabled . 
  most of his statements that fit these categories are unthinkable in any public conversation . 
  that 's the thing about taboos . 
  they are n't always logical . 
  he might be right that taxes in nazi-occupied poland were lower than ones right now , but you do n't say things like that if you want people and media to take you seriously . 
  that 's the problem with mikke . 
  he says what he thinks . 
  and you ca n't do that in politics . 
  korwin-mikke is the worst thing that ever happened to polish libertarians . 
  many people believe in this stuff , but he happens to be the worst politician ever . 
  he has almost sociopathic issues with understanding what people think and feel , he does n't know where to shut the fuck up for the good of the cause , he does n't know about taboos and cultural limits . 
  he 's cut to be a mad philosopher or writer that someone sometimes invites to political talk show , but he 's not a politician . 
  i 'll go with free-trade in this country when he dies or retires , and his side will be finally devoid of his insanity . 
  it 's not about winning or losing . 
  we 're not in xvi century . 
  `` they would n't dare '' depends mostly on internal pr and economics . 
  russians would die on this war , and people would ask if it was necessary . 
  it would also be expensive as hell , and russia is not in its finest hour when it comes to finances . 
  can we stop splitting parties into `` fascists '' and `` commies '' ? 
  it 's getting old , and unlike many european countries we do n't have either of them anywhere close to the parliament . 
  we need more of what ? 
  his modern european , mild nationalistic socialism ? 
  his tendencies for president-run government instead of parliament-run ? 
  do n't worry . 
  kaczy\u0144ski loves orban , so he 'll be gone before he comes . 
  how does it hurt modern ukrainians that in areas where non-ukrainian minorities have more than 10 % of population , language of these minorities stands as official alongside ukrainian ? 
  it 's a standard practice in western europe . 
  please read whole linked article and not just a title before commenting . 
  we live in xxi century , by now you should know that `` eye for an eye '' mentality is not a proper one . 
  again , depends where you are . 
  if you 'll be atheist in some village in eastern poland people will have grudge against you . 
  mostly because people know everyone in town , so they see that you do n't attend mass . 
  so does priest , and if you come across some conservative one , while being out-spoken about your atheism , he 'll speak about you during mass . 
  on the other hand - in any place with larger population nobody gives a fuck . 
  people might talk , but it does n't have any real consequences . 
  life teaches that system you praise always fails . 
  observe what ? 
  some of you guys taking over while spewing your `` they did it wrong before '' bullshit and failing miserably once again , because you failed to realize that communism is so beautiful and amazing it 's in fact totally incompatible with any current society ? 
  and that it could work in its final form , after few generations of education , but in its larval state it 's so prone to spoiling that it will never get there ? 
  modern communists are pathetic in how they fail to realize problems in mechanism of communism , while wanking to its ideas and shunning past incarnations of it . 
  you 're adorable . 
  seriously , modern communists are so cute in how naive they are . 
  that 's how he usually talks about stuff . 
  sikorski is a stubborn dick that says what he thinks . 
  but also , amongst the government of total laymen that we have here , he 's probably the biggest professional . 
  that 's like ... totally different conversation that is irrelevant here . 
  but thanks for that . 
  not even remotely to extend of it today . 
  there was some cooperation and movement of scientists . 
  but before ww2 it was unheard of for german , french and british scientists to work together on massive projects consuming huge chunks of gdp of every of these states . 
  countries liked to keep it to themselves . 
  there were instances of singular persons doing their research abroad , but never whole cooperative projects like esa or cern . 
  and it can happen today mostly because of two reasons - eu and post-ww2 trauma brought most stable peacetime to core of europe , and the second is support of private sector . 
  you 're an insane person if you imagine words in-between something a person writes , that is totally not there . 
  i can even do all four . 
  immigration induces cultural mixing and cooperation that 's kind of obvious . 
  cultural cooperation is positive for idea of global market - immigration creates millions of tiny local connections spanning through whole continent , wide and robust cultural cooperation makes the idea of doing business on the other side of europe much closer , open borders eu-style are also made in mind with flow of ideas and business , not only workers . 
  global free market feeds projects of global technological development . 
  you wo n't jump over the fact that research and technology today is made mostly because it creates prospects for future economical gain . 
  with borders open , companies are more likely to outsource their research to other countries , to invite research facilities like that to cooperation with local institutions . 
  governments are ready to co-fund research and development of technology with other countries , because in open system they know that they 're feeding and subsidizing not only foreign economy but also their own . 
  science can go global only when economy goes global . 
  global free market and globalized technology together induce more work immigration and business spread , more mixing and more freedom of choice . 
  does limiting immigration means you do n't want to fully partake in cultural cooperation ? 
  yes . 
  does refusing global free market mean that you do n't want to support global free technological cooperation ? 
  yes . 
  eu is here to pioneer unification and check the route for developing globalization . 
  there are more important things in this process that need money boost , than countries going backwards . 
  they clearly do n't want to partake in technological and cultural cooperation and mixing within europe , so we do n't give them millions of euros meant to support these ideas . 
  simple . 
  eu can easily transfer this money to places where building a network of international european connections will have a better future prospects and stability . 
  that 's true , but still - nobody really gets to bbc level of giving voice to everyone , no matter how crazy they seem . 
  seriously though - it 's so silly seeing people who only seen maniacally objective documentaries by bbc , or most american docs which strive to be bbc . 
  and then they see stuff like vice or michael moore or really anything along a classic european school of the documentary , that allows for docu to be sort of a visual column by an author , and they react with waving arms and yelling about propaganda . 
  aw shit . 
  not again ... 
  less sensationalist title - `` sochi is to putin what [ any olympic games , or really any huge sporting event whatsoever ] was to [ any leader ruling the country at the time of such event ] '' . 
  so they are n't really communists . 
  they 're post-communist leftists . 
  most of these were in pzpr because that was the way to power and control . 
  none of them is trying to bring prl back . 
  he means that they have [ an actual communist party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_party_of_ukraine ) in parliment and not something like our `` we call them communists because we 're cynical poles that always bitch about something '' - kind of communists . 
  shit , they discovered that we 're robots and do n't eat at all . 
  just a note - while interesting , it 's still vice , so by a rule it 's `` highly biased , only-partially-researched film column '' and by no means an objective and reliable documentary about the issue . 
  not everything in modern world happens because of the banks, 
   but i think it 's mainly because other countries did worse than poland . 
  `` over the 20-year history of the index , poland 's economic freedom score has advanced by about 16 points , a top-20 improvement , '' the heritage foundation summed up on its official web site . 
  `` with increases in nine of the 10 economic freedoms and no declines , poland has risen since 2002 to the rank of ` moderately free , ' '' so ... yeah . 
  nope . 
  the real ( and not cynically polish ) reasoning behind it is that many accidents happen when people are still on light binge after partying or even next day . 
  they feel sober but are n't quite there yet , and cause an accident in a weaker moment . 
  it 's pretty much to take away `` i did n't know i was still drunk '' argument . 
  also - your friend wants to drive , give him the test and you 're one step further to persuading him to stay without using a violent solution . 
  church donations . 
  there was this situation recently where body responsible for protecting personal data opened an investigation after some priest publicly posted names of people living in area covered by his church and how much they donated to it .
