  rt is external propaganda . 
  are you an actual idiot , or do you just pretend ? 
  i did n't say that it 's ok for israel to do what they 're doing , or that it 's equal to anti-semitic acts in europe , only that what is described in that article is anti-semitism ( which previous poster denied ) , and that what israel is doing in gaza is not genocide . 
  oh yes . 
  drawing swastikas on holocaust memorials and throwing firebombs at synagogues is not anti-semitic at all . 
  it 's just a gentle anti-war message . 
  and bombarding civilians along with your enemies is not like any other war anywhere , it 's literally genocide . 
  it 's so visible here on reddit . 
  people jump from criticizing israel into talking about `` the jews '' insanely quickly . 
  and idea of `` bombarding gaza is exactly like holocaust '' is rampant too . 
  i have major doubts about uprising myself , but bringing it out every time anything uprising-related is mentioned is pretty annoying . 
  [ soundtrack from `` la soupe aux choux '' ( `` cabbage soup '' ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkmnx3xdet0 ) is so nostalgic to me . 
  from wikipedia : * `` according to the regulations of the state of pennsylvania , apple cider is legally defined as an `` amber golden , opaque , unfermented , entirely nonalcoholic juice squeezed from apples '' . 
  * *** this is distinct from apple juice , which has a much sweeter taste , is typically heavily filtered , and may or may not be from concentrate . 
  **** '' * ^ ^ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cider#sweet_or_regular_cider and : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/60/cider_and_apple_juice.jpg left : soft cider right : apple juice ^ ^ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apple_cider, 
  if i remember correctly , in us english `` cider '' is a normal beverage with no alcohol and alcoholic drink is called `` hard cider '' . 
  it 's state-owned in poland , and there 's no move to make it private . 
  and i have no idea about the taste - tap water here in warsaw is tasty and has to be at higher quality standards than bottled water . 
  i do n't know about other cities but here quality is superb . 
  usa gets fucked over by lobbying of their private prison system , i ca n't even imagine the scope of corruption that would private police pursue to create new crimes and stall decriminalization of things like marijuana possession . 
  you seriously want your water to be handled like your internet service is ? 
  `` studies have shown that retirement home residents are reluctant to open up about their sexuality . '', 
  they 're uncomfortable with their sexuality around highly-conservative old folk . 
  it 's understandable and fine . 
  they want a space like this , they should have it . 
  do n't impose your idea of living as a lgbt person onto other people , they have full right to live however they want . 
  i understand your grief - this is spoiling the efforts to showcase homosexuals as totally normal people , but this is what happens with every group ever . 
  this is not the point . 
  yes , and every private individual should have a right to say that things like this are blatantly racist and anti-semitism is disgusting to him . 
  just because it should be legal to disallow anyone you want on your property , does n't make that sign any less terrible . 
   the initiative of holding poland 's year in russia and russia 's year in poland affords russians and poles the chance to present their biggest economic , cutural and scientific achievements . 
  i have a middle-ground solution . 
  cancel all the events relating to political and economical ties , leave only the cultural portion . 
  i might hate their government , and want to cut any economic ties with russia , but nothing will ever make me not want to see a russian film , painting or play , just because `` it 's russian '' . 
  it is late , and russia did lost the battle over ukraine . 
  but this thing here is no different than anything they did for last half a year - they ca n't ruin their external pr any further , since europeans have been laughing at headlines like this for months now , so they at least try to pretend they 're winning in front of their own people . 
  so , how 's life in your wonderful country - republic of leinster ? 
  / r/conspiratard, 
  second military specialist in a row on tv over here talks about the systems capable of shooting down a plate at that attitude and says that it 's a complicated machine where `` nothing is random '' and operating it requires `` a training lasting nearly a year '' . 
  so it 's either russians operating it , or some of the separatists were sort of a `` sleeper cells '' that were trained by russian military . 
  knp won by stealing ` edgy ' rp voters , despite being on entirely other side of the spectrum . 
  `` kuce '' is related only to ponytails , and if it 's a symbol of some subculture it 's metalheads and not bronies . 
  probably . 
  after all , only thing you need for something like that to ` pass ' is a post on 2-3 sites/facebook fanpages . 
  over here it was probably posted on some crappy site like kwejk.pl ( it 's kinda like 9gag ), 
  most people come here to learn about local news that do n't make waves abroad , and not people bitching about their country . 
  and outside will be changed due to numerous safety issues with this one . 
  so it wo n't look anything like it . 
  yeah , carrying a baby that you know will die for few months is totally neutral to a woman . 
  not to mention that pregnancy itself is a massive strain for a body , and she had to have caesarean . 
  think for a moment . 
  the baby died today , few days after the birth . 
  it did n't have any chance , lacking a skull and most of the brain . 
  then you know that he was n't saving any life . 
  read the article and not the title before going into comments . 
  i 'm not saying that they were anti-communist , only that they were pushing for a more independent , but still communist state . 
  shit . 
  i do n't cling on one example . 
  communism has failed time after time , in almost every single try . 
  that ca n't be said about democracy , and that is why is dismiss it as a system that should be used . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_poland_ ( 1945 % e2 % 80 % 931989 ) read up part about stalinist era , that was the closest to what you 've described , and when talking about times until '56 i proably could agree that poland was closer to being soviet colony than a sovereign state . 
  but then check part about changes in under gomu\u0142ka . 
  basically , after iron grip of stalin slipped in russia itself , big part of the influence in poland went to local communists . 
  they were puppets in bigger and overall issues , but huge chunks of internal politics were left with some room for freedom for choice of the local government . 
  it 's also important to note that soviets changed their approach to different states depending on local situation . 
  poland was a puppet of soviet union , deep in its sphere of influence . 
  but a russian colony ? 
  an occupation ? 
  far from it . 
  it was clearly a polish communist state , with polish communists ( that were n't pure marionettes substituted by soviets , only politicians with long communist roots ) that was supported and semi-controlled by soviets . 
  but in no way you can compare it to a colonial state . 
  i do n't mean occupation by soviets during ww2 , only nearly half a century of rule of ** polish ** communists . 
  it was n't an occupation , only a rule under terrible system . 
  welcome to another / r/europe thread about communism . 
  where once again it 's clear that western europeans should go through their own age of it to learn how terrible of a system and idea it is . 
  seeing nazis taught you stuff , but horror of what communist ` ideals ' degenerate into was apparently too far from your eyes . 
  issue of peaceful transfer to communism is not in capitalists , only in imperfect communists - people inside the system that do n't align with perfect ideology and abuse the system for their own need . 
  as in - every single communist state that eventually devolved in some sort of a personal/elite group dictatorship , far from communist ideals . 
  all of these easily go over 30 degrees celsius in summer . 
  inland europe can be surprisingly warm . 
  maybe fun for a weekend , but it always looks like levels of kitsch are deadly in there . 
  and i would certainly prefer to spend that time in much more interesting/beautiful places in usa . 
  it is onion-esque and not serious . 
  mostly when main opposition party is totally disconnected from reality and does n't know how to make politics . 
  when they left during the palikot speaking , it was obvious they would fail - their idiotic `` rules '' will drown any of their chances of victory and toppling of current system . 
  if it 's well-maintained , why not ? 
  just to clarify , because i 've just noticed that ` stuck in 90s ' might be somewhat different for westerners - times before the fall of communism were n't the most prosperous , the economy was weak and grasp of the overlord government was slipping , so after the collapse of iron curtain there was a period where communist countries were already sipping on some modern things that started rolling in with capitalism , but at the same time there was a lot of poorly maintained stuff from communist era , mostly things like buses , trains and infrastructure for such . 
  most of it is now modernizing , but there are still bastions of this effect . 
  so ` train service stuck in the 90s ' in poland is ` poorly maintained , probably dirty , old trains from 80s or 70s ' . 
  no there is n't - nazi movements are totally illegal , and nationalist extremists are a tiny group of crazies . 
  their party had less than 1 % vote in eu election , and nobody treats them as a real movement or an issue . 
  something that ca n't be said about extreme nationalists in many western european countries . 
  we have our big share of moderate conservatives and even die-hard catholics , but extremist group are a total minority . 
  and on the top of that - none of these are neo-nazis , even most extreme nationalist groups do n't refer to symbolism of nazi germany and do n't associate themselves with that movement . 
  it brought bigger attention to the issue of faulty coaches than any other such psa in the past - so it 's working . 
  yeah , public transportation in warsaw really is getting great in recent years - even stuff like skm ( it 's a rail service of warsaw metropolitan area , for you non-varsovians ) is nice and way above average when it comes to rail transport in poland with their modern stock and whatnot . 
  but voivodeship-wide train service is still stuck in early 90s . 
  i would be more worried about cia coming to my country again to torture people and break every basic human right they have . 
  but i guess drunken fights are bad too . 
  i think europeans have more bad things to say about american troops in the middle east and not those stationing in their own countries .
