  that 's it . 
  you can be illiterate 90-year old person and you can understand the system . 
  - way more safe . 
  all ballots are archived , if there 's any possibility of a fraud you can get the actual sheets of paper with actual ink and backtrack any fraud . 
  - it 's not so slow that it would be a problem . 
  over here it took a day to count 7 million votes and have official , final results . 
  having them x hours earlier is n't worth it . 
  - it does n't involve any non-state party . 
  state can easily conduct whole election by itself , without outside help , maybe with exception of printing . 
  something that ca n't be said about elections that use private-made machines . 
  - mechanisms of paper voting are old and proven . 
  we perfectly know all routes through any fraud attempts might happen , which means we can easily prepare for them . 
  - paper ballots do n't break - paper ballots are physically impossible to edit why are american statestates using electronic voting in 2014 or any foreseeable future ? 
  infrastructure is the biggest issue . 
  pipelines and gas ports are so expensive that by a rule they 're used in 100 % from the start . 
  there 's just no way to turn off a pipeline and take in twice as much tankers from us or whatever location . 
  importing gas from usa would require insane costs in new infrastructure for both sides , since states are just as not ready to export as we are to import . 
  i wish we had this one on some of our news sites . 
  so much misery changed into hate . 
  there 's a huge difference between saying that roma people have a significant problem with crime , and saying that roma from the mentioned settlement are , and i quote the original poster , `` people that the only thing they do is to steal from other people '' . 
  as a member of ` any community ' - there 's no loads of heroin here . 
  roma are not criminals . 
  criminals are criminals . 
  i have n't said they are a ruling party . 
  i 'm saying that there are many countries where far-right does n't have any representation in parliament . 
  not every nation has them in the parliament . 
  / int /, 
  i think that many people perceive austria as conservative not because of the average mood of the society , but because of these few percent fp\u00d6 gets . 
  there are many countries that are probably more conservative on average , but they stop as centre-right , without putting far-right in the parliaments . 
  i also love when they talk about series of polls like it 's a race . 
  mostly when it 's small changes . 
  that one party dropping 2 percentage points and another rising by 1 and thus overtaking is an actual change , and it 's an effect of people responding to campaign . 
  when the truth is that most of the polls are done on ~ 1060 people - around that level there 's 95 % chance the error is within 3 percentage points in either way , which means that actually every party is , with 19/20 certainty , somewhere within 6p . p. 
  `` wide '' zone with the middle in the percentage shown by the poll . 
  so you 're saying that there is a variation . 
  variation in temperature going upwards ? 
  getting ... warmer ? 
  globally perhaps ? 
  can we like drop all the silly cold war 2 stuff , but keep the space race 2 ? 
  proportion is similar or better compared to hungary , lithuania , latvia , estonia , luxembourg and slovakia . 
  reading must be hard . 
  it does n't matter in the conversation about if their better knowledge should influence the law . 
  in every single post i said that i do n't refer to this issue , only to one , simple fact of government having better knowledge . 
  i have n't said one word about my opinion on how their better knowledge should influence the laws . 
  nothing . 
  i was just proving that they do have better knowledge . 
  ok , you still do n't refer to the point i was making , i do n't have anything else to do here . 
   and what i 'm saying is that they still do n't have the right to make such decisions instead of the people . 
  so you 're not even referring to anything i said . 
  great conversation . 
   besides , i do n't think those bureaucrats know jack s *** . 
  brilliant anti-governmental prejudice as well . 
  glad to see that blind hate towards civil servants is a common thing for the whole former soviet bloc and not just my country . 
  for the third time - if better knowledge of the government should lead to state making decisions for their citizens is a different thing . 
  all i 'm saying is that governments do indeed have way better knowledge than parents . 
  as i said - if the government should make decisions based on their better knowledge is a different thing . 
  and people are not less susceptible to lobbyists . 
  you can prevent and punish lobbying and bribing in politics , you ca n't do anything with corporate propaganda . 
  average people are not well informed , do n't have good data despite having access to it , have no will to actively search for real data , and their choices are driven by half-truths , myths and catchy factoids . 
  governments do n't have any of that problems . 
  you mean like state has knowledge about research and scientific proof that these things are harmful and many parents do n't or do n't care ? 
  yeah . 
  i guess it knows better . 
  i 'm not saying that it automatically means it should ban things because of this difference , that 's totally different talk . 
  but government is usually way better in terms of information than its people . 
  that 's the professionalism in being a politician . 
  [ tu quoque ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ) !, 
  man , we 're on a roll here !, 
  i often feel like these do n't show which countries are filled with unhappy people , but which have bigger numbers of whiny , complaining idiots . 
  sorry , you 've totally lost me at that first `` butthurt '' . 
   you just showed bad manners where you could have avoided that . 
  oh , the irony . 
  i 'd even go as far as `` 89 % '' `` vote '' for `` independent '' donetsk `` republic '', 
  ok . let 's play this game . 
  describe , exactly , the border between `` true '' and `` constructed '' language . 
  does it have to be artificial from the bottom ? 
  well , esperanto is n't . 
  knowing italian and french you can practically understand it without learning , because it has strong basis in other languages , just like any other language . 
  is it about way it was made ? 
  ok , it was created by a linguist , but then - when a committee of ... let 's say spanish language specialists come together and decide on rules of the language ( which is a thing that happens with every major language ) , is n't that artificial according to that criteria ? 
  it 's not following a natural course , it 's just a bunch of people deciding on a language . 
  thinking about it like this quickly ends in conclusion that around 18th and 19th every major european language became `` not really alive in the sense a true natural language is '' . 
  english you 've learned in school and speak is decided on by linguists , just like esperanto was . 
  is it about age of it ? 
  esperanto is 120 years old and persists . 
  it has stood the test of time . 
  number of users ? 
  1-2 million makes it a strong language . 
  it 's a clash of few different languages and not ' a real ' language ? 
  every language is a clash of what was there before . 
  but if you want a good example , read about origins of afrikaans , that is basically dutch combined with whatever language was on spot . 
  it is n't linked with a cultural heritage ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/esperanto_culture https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/esperanto_literature https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/esperanto_film https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/esperanto_music esperanto is a real and true language in every sense your average big language is . 
  i love when prejudiced people are confronted with data that counters their prejudice and they go into these silly defensive modes . 
  it 's an interesting cross between low german , dutch and polish - a language made by scottish , dutch and german settlers in the area of [ lesser poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lesser_poland ) around xiii century . 
  today it 's spoken by around 70 people ( some estimates say 100 ) , mostly elderly in one town in poland . 
  there are efforts to save it , there are lessons of wymysorys , and research group from university of warsaw that wants to create a stable group of linguists who will know it and be able to research it . 
  but sadly , there 's no guarantee it will survive next generations . 
  small , but lively and vibrant community of esperanto users tells otherwise . 
  it 's artificial , but it 's alive , and like any other language it carries its culture and customs with it .
