  because they 're a newspaper and thanks to this stuff sales have been rocketing through the roof recently ? 
  if they ca n't lie to me , they ca n't lie to our enemies . 
  i do n't want a truthful person to be my diplomat . 
  love the implications of the original map contained in colour choices . 
  because we live in way more peaceful and calm times ? 
  people are pussies because we can be pussies , and being pussies is comfortable . 
  also - issues of population have changed . 
  oh the sensationalism . 
  taping other people without their consent , no matter what is content of the tapes , is illegal . 
  nobody sane would think that they have only one copy of the materials and that police could really block release of other recordings - all police wanted is copy of the released tape as a proof of crime . 
  and journalists created a very nice provocation , making it look like a police raid . 
  it 's great watching reports from yesterday evening and how journalists of wprost themselves talk about it as a legal intervention that is just disrupting their work , and day after they yell it was a putinist police raid and violation of free speech . 
  no , he thought ukraine would stay on his side despite the protests and that protests would die down . 
  it 's ridiculous to think that he lost ukraine on purpose . 
  it was his biggest foreign asset , used to [ steal hundreds of million of dollars ] ( http://yanukovich.info/oleksandr-yanukovych-assets/ ) for his allies . 
  he might be leaning east , but losing control over ukraine was a giant misstep on his side . 
  and frankly - grabbing crimea was as well . 
  it was some desperate move to show west that he 's still powerful , despite his absolute failure in ukraine , but it backfired even more by alienating his western allies . 
  you might decide to change alignment , but you do n't burn down all the bridges behind you . 
  and this is what happened . 
  putin carelessly ( or maybe through manipulation of the west ) burned down much of the connection with the west . 
  now it 's obvious that he 'll turn east , but it 's not like he has any choice after maidan . 
  i 'm not talking about internal politics of russia . 
  this year was a disaster in putin 's external relations . 
  putin has no idea what he 's doing , and this year is a disaster for him . 
  crimea was just a desperate move to save anything from his horrible moves that directly caused maidan . 
  i remind you that in november it looked like ukraine would peacefully fall on russian side , but putin and yanukovych overplayed and caused escalation of the protests . 
  sochi was changed from a celebration into a pr disaster . 
  in some pathetic words where he clearly showed he 's disconnected from reality he alienated voters in his western allies . 
  he also shows that he has absolutely no control over lavrov that says even worse things than him . 
  not even mentioning people like zhirinovsky who are so far gone into the fable of imperialist russia that they sound like officials of north korea . 
  putin wanted to be a tzar and he got what every tzar had - a mirage of absolute power , that started crumbling just when the situation led to verifying how real it is . 
  but , it has to be said - his mirage is so good that even westerners believe it . 
  there 's enough media outcry that this time maybe this guy will be sacked . 
  it only applies if there 's no threat to you . 
  it 's totally legal to not help a drowning person , someone being robbed or someone in a fire . 
  and judges are very lenient when it comes to this law , so proving that you were afraid to do anything is easy - even here you could probably get out without any consequences by saying that you did n't want to destroy the window ( even though it 's legal ) and were afraid of hurting yourself and the child with glass . 
  this law is mostly designed for situations like car accidents . 
  if you hit someone and run you 're not only sentenced for causing an accident , fleeing a place of crime , but also not calling an ambulance . 
  just to clarify - it 's illegal if the situation does n't pose any danger to you . 
  it 's illegal to not call an ambulance to a person that lost conciousness , but it 's legal to not help a person being robbed or someone in a burning building/vehicle . 
  also - we [ could 've gone along without being involved in a massacre that concluded in burning of few hundred innocent people ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jedwabne_pogrom ) during the war . 
  would make the pr much better . 
  * lavrov : we 're so scared of finland moving closer to nato . 
  last year was a fucking disaster for us , and we have to avoid any more damage *, 
  polish biggest far-right party ruch narodowy ( that luckily gets only ~ 1 % of vote ) is anti-immigration , despite country being one of the most ethnically and nationally uniform in europe . 
  running around chasing shadow issues is a big thing for extremists - their standard opinions scare off voters , so they have to invent new ones . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : ? 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 2 . 
  singaporean 3 . 
  new zealandish our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : ? 
  dutch 2 . 
  english 3 . 
  german can i move to new zealand now ? 
  because you know - the `` square one '' of life is not being addicted to smoking a hard narcotic with additional dangerous and potentially deadly substances . 
  it 's amazing how often smokers forget that . 
  i want to go wherever i want , without someone 's addiction to heavy carcinogen butting into my life . 
  i do n't think anyone sane wants to forbid gay sex . 
  but the issues start when someone is public with their orientation . 
  you ca n't even casually hold hands with another man without getting dirty looks . 
  poland has unemployment below eu28 average . 
  italy is not dark , neither is portugal . 
  it is a ban . 
  by creating a definition of marriage like that , it basically says `` marriage has to involve one man and one woman '' . 
  in other words - it does say that union of same-sex couple is not considered a marriage under constitution . 
  that 's a paradox of communist states . 
  nothing was banned for being `` depraved and too erotic '' , because by a rule there could n't be anything `` depraved '' in a perfect communist state . 
  just as well - issue of drugs was never raised in communist media , because according to propaganda - there was n't even an issue like that . 
  drugs were problem of disgusting , capitalist imperialists and not communist state . 
  please do . 
  in countries of which economies are based on natural resources , it does n't show anything particularly meaningful . 
  they always have unusually high income inequality and scope of `` 1 % '' issues are bigger than anywhere else . 
  they 're classic `` pre-great depression '' right with all of the ideals of that time . 
  free market to the extreme levels , conservative views on morality . 
  they 're also very utilitarian - their euroscepticism is not a thing of defending culture , only stopping control of socialist-leaning eu . 
  their line on immigration is not racist or rooted it cultural outlook , only it 's about most economically-feasible ( in their opinion ) solution . 
  they would eagerly let immigrants in if only they came to conclusion that it would profit the economy . 
  of course - like any extremist party they 're not really good at these conclusions and fall into many traps of fallacies and idealism , so in reality they 're a bunch of lunatics , totally disconnected from reality , that wo n't earn any trust from any rational person . 
  but their overall ideology is what i 've outlined . 
   but in practice they get organised everywhere by default and most schools do n't even have ethics teachers i have never heard this directly about any school , it 's always `` some schools in the country '' . 
  i did ethics in the middle school , and sure - hours were strange and i went there with like 5 people , but it was there . 
  and i ca n't imagine any high school without it , since in my class half of the people did ethics classes and not religion . 
  also i 've never heard about anyone i know complaining that his school did n't held these . 
  maybe it 's different in smaller communities , but i ca n't see this happening in `` most schools '' . 
  but whole left is still associated with communism anyway . 
  until our left is led by members of pre - '89 communist party , poland wo n't have strong left . 
  even 4 years ago we had a presidential election where main left party simply used candidate not related to communist-era leftism and he jumped 5p . p. 
  in comparison with what they usually get . 
  these guys simply need to die or sink so low they 'll pull out . 
  it 's conservative in a way we do n't have classic western-european left because people still associate them with communists . 
  but our `` christian-democrat '' ruling party is so christian last year few mps broke off saying it 's a leftist party that forgot traditional values . 
  po is nothing like fidesz , despite being in same eu group . 
  but yeah - compared to the west it 's still very conservative . 
  in `` holy shit this backfired so hard in iran , do not use again '' bag . 
   ` rainbow ' [ 2 ] almost got burned again . 
  the police arrested some right-wing activists . 
  holy shit that 's wrong on so many levels . 
  it did n't got `` almost burned '' , guy managed to light a few flowers , it was n't `` some '' people only one guy , it was n't `` right-wing activist '' only some stupid drunk and was n't `` arrested by a police '' only by city guard . 
  because it 's : - easy to understand . 
  you get a card , you write in a number or tick a box .
