  you mean just like they flushed 200k signatures supporting the abortion liberalisation bill the exact same day ? 
  [ here 's a list of members of the ruling party who pushed this shit forward ] ( http://www.newsweek.pl/g/i.aspx/670/0/newsweek/636102365838258833.png ) . 
  they , along with 20 mps from kukiz '15 and 12 from po and psl , are just as responsible for this bullcrap as ordo iuris . 
  these are practically unrelated . 
  this video basically says that trophy hunting is ok if you 're a poor country charging enormous amounts of money for it . 
  hunting endangered species in namibia costs hundreds of thousands of dollars per animal , so one hunt can actually save dozens of others and allow more breeding/protection/etc . . romania is neither poor , nor are these endangered , nor are they charging large sums of money . 
  these are incompatible situations . 
  cool . 
  moan some more . 
   far , far fewer cry me a river , fam . 
  independence march in wroc\u0142aw gathered 7 thousand . 
  black protest gathered 20 . 
  and of course - independence march is way more centralised , with hired busses moving people to warsaw from all over the country . 
  but even in warsaw it was 70k vs. 30k - still not `` far , far fewer '' , it 's the same magnitude . 
  everyone knew that wide majority of poles hate the idea of stricter abortion laws , and despite that right-wingers just willingly shot their fucking face off . 
  this was the only big trap reality set for them and these amateurs fell for it . 
  you wo n't change the fact that most of this country is against the ordo whatever 's bill and anyone supporting it is committing a political suicide . 
  most their party openly supported it and pushed it forward in sejm . 
  and also nobody said that being a citizen is inherently linked with some duty to personally defend it . 
  the age of massive armies of untrained cannon fodder are over . 
  it 's more efficient to not murder millions with reckless military duty , instead letting citizens fuel the machine of highly trained professionals with their specialized work . 
  i defend my country by working honestly , and paying my taxes fully and on time . 
  your ancestors were fed some bullshit propaganda about duty and glory , back in xix century , when they were needed for another war . 
  and you still repeat this crap to this day . 
  grow up . 
  there 's a major difference - becoming a doctor is a choice and military service is forced on you . 
  well , in 1938 brits and french basically said `` oh those germans and czechs , at it again '' and let nazis take part of their country . 
  do n't be mistaken that this is something new - none of our countries are ruled by idealists , genuinely good or heroic people . 
  it 's just a bunch of calculating cunts who will sell their own people and even more so - their allies , if only the situation makes them more money and power . 
  as a secondary or tertiary nation , never count on british , french , germans , americans , etc. 
  `` doing the right thing '' . 
  they wo n't . 
  the only way to spin great powers is to make defending your interest aligned with their interest . 
  is to make playing your cards more economically viable , or providing them with more power . 
  from * international convention on the elimination of all forms of racial discrimination * of the united nations , part i , article 1 :  in this convention , the term `` racial discrimination '' shall mean any distinction , exclusion , restriction or preference based on ** race , colour , descent , or national or ethnic origin ** which has the purpose or effect of nullifying or impairing the recognition , enjoyment or exercise , on an equal footing , of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the political , economic , social , cultural or any other field of public life . 
  ^ [ source ] ( http://www.ohchr.org/en/professionalinterest/pages/cerd.aspx ), 
  this is not the question of specialisation only basic knowledge about how world around you works . 
  or not even knowledge . 
  basic logical process . 
  you take the difference between finns , russians , swedes and balts , and imagine in your head that * maybe * this level of difference also might apply elsewhere on the planet . 
  here . 
  that 's it . 
  putting iraqis and syrians into one basket is not being misinformed , it 's effect of lack of minimal amount of logical thought . 
  the only real question is if he 's getting paid for these posts , or is he a sucker and does it for free . 
  the reel professional rapsuperstar, 
  [ why the real map of clothing brand popularity would be quite boring ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kzgm5ep.png ), 
  bricks do n't make buildings , architecture does . 
  it 's not about them feeling insecure - it just look really , really shitty on tv and photos . 
  what about second-generation ? 
  [ cue * do n't lose your way * ], 
  comparing gdp of regions against gdp of countries is technically wrong . 
  they are incomparable . 
  if california was a country it would be a subject to the whole universe of economical problems it does n't face . 
  self governing when it comes to health care , pensions , services , nationalised industries , military and taxes . 
  trade agreements separate from usa , significantly lower positive brain drain that cali is experiencing , lower movement of goods with us and also the world , since it would n't be a pacific gateway to usa . 
  separate central bank , which means separate ratings , separate loans with different rates , and separate international deals . 
  in part , california is prosperous because whole united states is prosperous and working on that prosperity . 
  huge part of that `` california gdp '' is there only because `` federal gdp '' is there . 
  in a way , not all of california gdp belongs to california . 
  lots of it would n't be there if rest of usa was n't in the same bloodstream . 
  thus , claiming `` if california was a country - it 'd be at least the 7th richest '' is baseless . 
  you do n't know what california would be if it were a country , as you do n't posses any kind of quality data to claim anything about it . 
  you know these opinion pieces about wave of nationalism and hate that is spreading through europe ? 
  well , there is a bit of truth to them . 
  maybe because leave campaign did n't bet on actually leaving . 
  shit changes . 
  of course - it does n't mean that there wo n't be any internal measures taken . 
  warsaw during the summit will get quite fortress-y . 
  and nato summit in warsaw . 
  there 's a lot of vulnerable events this month in poland , so i think it 's a good decision that really might save lives . 
  well , it has some new york inspirations , but it should n't really be called `` new yorkish '' or `` neo-classical '' . 
  correct terms are socialist classicism or socialist realist . 
  they are somehow similar to western trends in architecture at the time , but retain some unique characteristics , mostly in the sphere of detail and ideology behind the designs . 
  lev rudnev skyscrapers stem from baroque of moscow , palace of culture and science is filled with references to traditional , rural architecture of poland , his buildings were made with hardcore socialist ideology in mind - all of this is as far from `` new yorkish '' as you can get . 
  one of the isis goals is to rile up european nationalisms . 
  brexit would be a key component in that goal . 
  yep . 
  he 's the one who also wrapped pont neuf and reichstag . 
  right wing is just another left wing propaganda !, 
  / u/o5kar is a known nutjob and borderline troll around polish subreddits and threads , always ready to convince everyone glorious polan is a-ok . 
  there 's no point in occupying yourself with his delusions . 
  turk headlines the next day : `` germans attempt to murder mayor of whateverville '', 
  it 's hard to find that exact view , since the 1946 photo is looking north-west , into less congested area of the city , but [ here 's a photo with both the old town and the modern skyline ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aqbgsp7.jpg ) . 
  you can see the old town square in between the buildings with red roofs , as well as the castle square which occupies bottom-left corner of the 1946 picture . 
  because they 're not refugees . 
  this family is clearly not fleeing their country and is determined to stay where it is . 
  and when their countries combine , they summon world 's greatest hero - captain commonwealth, 
  nope . 
  just secret wine orgies for the cardinals . 
  their clothing is red so you ca n't see where it spilled . 
  because it is funny . 
  media skewed the already idiotic and barely usable left-right spectrum so much that `` far-right '' just does n't sound sensational any more . 
  anything is far-right nowadays - according to some of western media i live in a far-right ruled country . 
  so real far-right must be described as ultra mega literallyhiter far-right for anyone to notice . 
  and that 's quite silly . 
  maybe because it 's so terrible it discredits the source ? 
  do n't you know clean air is for gays and cyclists ? 
  it goes against basic christian values like coal and lung cancer . 
  now it will switch to fc dnipro dnipro, 
  also - explosion happened outside the bus , hurting a random passer-by , after the driver brought it outside .
