  so ... exactly what you just did . 
  just a sidenote here , but it 's my life 's mission to correct humanity about this thing : term 'd \u00e9j\u00e0 vu ' refers to a situation where you feel that something happened , while at the same time it 's impossible that it happened . 
  like having a feeling that you already were on a street in a city that you 're in for the first time . 
  it 's ** not ** ` that feeling ' when a situation is really similar and you 're in exactly same situation as before . 
  i know which one you think it is , because it 's a silly feeling , but that 's not d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu . 
  d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu is this feel , but combined with that weird cognitive dissonance . 
  much more rare , but stronger . 
  he acknowledged the idea that traditional layout of a family gives a lesser position to women , thus pointing out that men have in the past and some of them still are naturally pushing towards system where they are dominant part of society , using that other part . 
  reading it creates a defensive response in predominately male population of reddit . 
  it 's the same effect that you get , even if you 're not particularly patriotic , when someone says bad things about your country or cultural bubble . 
  even stuff that happened long time ago . 
  you can go back , understand it and agree with it , but in this first split of a second there 's that angry , defensive feeling . 
  and if you ca n't objectively look at these things - you will stay in that mindset . 
  this is pretty much what 's happening here and with most males that are angry at people pointing out that our society was and still to some extend is patriarchal . 
  it 's pointing out a ` crime ' of a group of people they belong to . 
  and it 's not a nice feeling . 
  so the easiest way to cope with it is just to go into a defensive position and denial . 
  also - he 's swedish , so he has to be a leftist maniac . 
  ones with greek letters actually belong to some state , or are these related to american university stuffy-stuff ? 
  minutes ? 
  it 's pretty much a lottery of who refreshes the site at the right moment - tomorrowland 2013 sold out in few seconds . 
  so luck or just mentally prepare that ticked price is two or three times higher , and buy second-hand . 
  europeans just like celebrating their european-ness by collectively showing up with their flags and seeing other people with flags . 
  it 's just one of these unspoken things that happens and people like it so it happens again . 
  it gave us late marshall plan . 
  it 's really about uk government being fair to people who produce their gdp . 
  thousands of poles go there , work there , produce income for companies and then pay taxes producing income for the government . 
  cameron is basically trying to hide behind idea of `` leeching '' citizens to create ` invisibly cheap ' workforce - that performs same tasks as brits , pays same taxes as brits , but one that you do n't have to give a crap about . 
  because laws forbidding construction of high-rise buildings in middle of paris were put in place after that one was built . 
  because he earns four time the salary in uk and pays four time the taxes in uk . 
  i believe he stated that there are no plans for him being pm for third term . 
  and bringing out someone new probably would be a good idea - in polls about trusting public figures he always has one of the lowest scores amongst all major politicians . 
  watching the scene - i think that if he does n't turn around , [ ewa kopacz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ewa_kopacz ) is going for the position . 
  she 's deputy and marshall of the sejm and recently replaced grzegorz schetyna as vice-chairman of civic platform . 
  as to if the civic platform will win at all - yes . 
  after how many failed governments ? 
  i do n't know . 
  you see - issue here is that voters are split 1/3 -1 / 3 . 
  cp and laj both get around 30 % of votes , socialist democratic left alliance has ~ 15 % , greens allied with cp have 3-4 % ( remember that we have 4 % threshold ) , cp conservatives have 5-3 % ( new party , too early to say for sure ) and around 20 % does n't know what to choose . 
  this last group is a problem - i do n't know who will sway them . 
  cp may get them by scaring people of laj conservative and paranoid rule . 
  laj may lead a successful campaign of `` we 're the only alternative '' . 
  issue here is that most of the voters want neither . 
  even ones that declare that they 'll vote on one or the another . 
  it 's often `` i do n't want laj to win '' or `` everything but another term of civic platform '' . 
  another issue - law and justice may win , but they 'll never go above 35-40 % of vote . 
  and there 's nobody to give them these seats - there 's no player on board that will go into coalition with laj . 
  that means if they win , laj government fails after few months of not being able to do anything , and we get another election . 
  on the other hand - civic platform , after kicking out conservative faction , may ally with socialists and greens . 
  so currently worst case scenario for poland is `` belgium '' . 
  one more thing - this may not even happen , because before parliament elections we have presidential elections that cp candidate bronis\u0142aw komorowski ( current president ) will win for sure - he has like 70 % approval rate . 
  that will be a massive blow to the laj line of `` nobody wants these guys '' , that might even push them behind civic platform . 
  so yeah . 
  overall - civic platform probably stays , but i do n't know if they 'll do it in first election . 
  if they do - ruling coalition will have to include socialists . 
  donald tusk probably wo n't be the pm . 
  bronis\u0142aw komorowski will stay as the president . 
  * note : i do n't support either of these , but to be totally ok with you guys - i 'm not too fond of law and justice . 
  so even after trying to analyse it objectively i might still have subconscious anti-laj bias . 
  probably just a collective effects of the political switch-a-roos . 
  conservative law and justice is now leading in polls in front of leading liberal civic platform , we had two major referendums about city mayors - one in elbl\u0105g won by laj agenda , other one in warsaw won by civic platform . 
  in response to falling in polls civic platform sacked few major ministers , and caused the `` conservative faction '' inside their party to split off . 
  on the other side - law and justice after scandals involving their specialists on the topic seems to move their focus from smole\u0144sk disaster conspiracy theories to fixing poverty . 
  other than that - damn that was a boring year . 
  being on absolute frontier of the planet when it comes to not giving a fuck about your religion , race , orientation etc. . 
  i mean damn - before usa came to be , we were practically the only country where jewish people were accepted , homosexuality was never delegalized even though countries like prussia did make it illegal and overall time before the partitions was pretty much going under ideology of `` live and let live '' . 
  but today it 's so backwards . 
  there are silesian separatists in local governments ? 
  never heard of it , and silesian independence is brought out in media once for 5 years . 
  yeah , but it 's a nuclear solution that reduces the problem with much harsher solution than needed . 
  it 's like banning cars to stop road accidents . 
  it 's not a solution to problems of prostitution like sex slavery and spreading stds . 
  both of these will exist with black market prostitution that will be alive and kicking with `` pink '' laws in place , but can be pretty much eliminated by taxing , controlling and setting normal health and safety standards to the market . 
  because most important thing here is - paying for sex itself is n't anything wrong . 
  it 's things that sometimes happen to women and men that get paid to have sex are wrong . 
  we have to fight the latter , not the former . 
  and taxation with standardization is a way to that . 
  warsaw is often brought out when talking about polish economic boom and it 's pretty logical why . 
  razed to the ground during ww2 , gone through just as ruining communist era , is now a quickly growing modern city that produces ~ 10 % of national income , is in top fourth of oecd regions by gdp per capita . 
  also - skyscrapers . 
  there 's no nice , historical skyline to protect , so there 's plenty of them . 
  and this leads to insane amounts of office space that , unlike many cities in europe , is still finding customers . 
  pink is not an appropriate response , because it is n't stopping shit . 
  prostitution is always going to exist . 
  and reasoning behind ` blue ' solution is that prostitution is in morally grey area , so taxing it , and doing by it - giving official government green light to it - is not a good thing . 
  so they decide to just let it happen by itself . 
  also - notice that brothels are still illegal . 
  fuck it , we 'll drink everything . 
  i was talking with a dutch guy that travels a lot this year and it felt kind of silly when he was saying `` holland '' and i used `` the netherlands '' . 
  combined eu has 4 subs less , few hundred mbts less , and 7 aircraft carriers less . 
  not worth 500 billion dollars annually . 
  centralization does n't help anything . 
  decentralized eu military costs ~ 200 billion at around 1,7 million military personnel . 
  usa spends nearly 700 billion for 1,5 million military . 
  of course - american military is most advanced on the planet , but there 's also another problem - centralized , massive military is insanely vulnerable to manipulation . 
  when we talk about money this big , the input certain groups are ready to make to get it for themselves is insane . 
  and while they 're at it - why not push to bloat that budget even more to get more of the taxpayers money ? 
   personally i would like to see a bigger collaboration between france , germany and poland . 
  ones that will earn twice or triple as much due to economical development subsidized by germans ? 
  shut up , this is why they give us so much money .
