  in an eye of the public opinion , the issue of courts arose after this survey was conducted . 
  [ ruling party has weakest support in youth ] ( http://i.wp.pl/a/f/jpeg/35953/wiek_610.jpeg ) ( blue on top in every demographic is pis ) . 
  but they have heads up their asses because next two parties they voted for - kukiz and wolno\u015b\u0107 , are even worse . 
  [ you do n't know shit ] ( http://i.wp.pl/a/f/jpeg/35953/wiek_610.jpeg ) . 
  pis has lowest support in youth . 
  they still won in that demographic ( like they did in the rest of society ) , but with the weakest lead . 
  that would make this shit even worse ? 
  then they could really do whatever they want , legally . 
  imprisoning and torturing dissidents ? 
  just pass a law . 
  killing homosexuals ? 
  just pass a law . 
  curb women 's rights ? 
  just pass a law . 
  inside russia , they have to do this stuff covertly , through militias , in an atmosphere of scandal . 
  but by themselves they could simply become another fucked up totalitarian dictatorship , this time with an islamist spin . 
  it 's irrelevant . 
  it 's true , but it 's irrelevant . 
  it 's just a bit of unnecessary americentrism . 
  it 's a fine copypasta . 
  actually , you might wan na . 
  i would n't even bat an eye if i saw the uk being bashed by people from india , south africa or any other former subject of british empire , that suffered countless atrocities at hands of the same line of rulers as elizabeth ii . 
   remembering that russia spend centuries trying to subjugate your nation , while murdering , torturing , imprisoning and exiling millions of your countrymen . 
  after which it never shown remorse of its actions , perceives preparators of these crimes as national heroes , and actively tries to revert situation to the one where you were a satellite state . 
  literally rusophobic . 
  stop all this uncalled for anti-russia sentiment . 
  nope , just a wacko when it comes to industrial atmosphere . 
  are non-workers allowed to walk the streets of this compound ? 
  or is the whole area off-limits ? 
  do n't worry - as always polan has america 's back !, 
  we also have nationalist , populist amateurs in power !, 
  ... shit . 
  um ... you do realize that socialist movements were highly important in regaining polish independence after ww1 and following fighting during ww2 ? 
  thought this was going to be verka serduchka it should be verka serduchka, 
  being partially unfinished is common with late-gothic cathedrals and churches . 
  this is due to high costs and insanely long building times - construction of a cathedral was counted in decades , often spanning way more than a hundred years . 
  because of this , it was common for funders of the construction to run out of money , or die along the way with nobody to pick up . 
  all of this obviously also coincided with wars and various waves of political turmoil . 
  another factor was rich and influential people simply losing interest in gothic architecture when early renaissance flooded from italy . 
  cologne cathedral being a classic of that process - construction commenced in the 13th century , halted in the 15th when it was already out of fashion , later to be finished in the 19th ( due to romanticists being super duper into gothic ) . 
  construction failures were also common - collapses pushed constructions decades back , discouraging funders and engineers from continuing . 
  beauvais is an example of this - a bold and immensely beautiful cathedral that consist of just the presbyterium and transept , due to a massive disaster along the way ( with other factors also contributing to it being never being finished in following decades ) . 
  maj\u00f3wka is kinda easy . 
  but zielone \u015awi\u0105tki and bo\u017ce cia\u0142o - these are the fucker holidays that ruin your day because you forget about them . 
  a few hundred kinda is * barely any * in a country of 38 million . 
  and these fuckers are highly committed , organized and willing to pour last bit their cash into their shitty hobby , so it was n't a local event for their organization - it 's safe to assume that it was a large chunk of their nationwide force . 
  `` estimates suggest that the croatian diaspora numbers between a third [ 1 ] and a half [ 2 ] of the total number of croats . '', 
   vinegar now that 's just terrible . 
  i 've accepted the mayo ways . 
  it 's actually good on belgian-style fries . 
  but vinegar ? 
  * just * vinegar ? 
  jeebus h krist , you westerners are savage . 
  poland is aiming to have an unbroken chain of bicycle paths along the whole length of vistula river - 1200km from czech border to baltic sea . 
  the solution is to stop using these two shitty terms . 
  they were invented in xix century and political landscape managed to change and expand in many ways . 
  they were already oversimplifying things back then , but now they really have only a superficial connection to any kind of reality . 
  which is problematic , considering how widespread is their use and how much value people put on these words . 
  axing the use of `` left-right '' division would do a lot of good to political discourse . 
  i like how your defense is making same mistake the second time . 
  you think being syrian means there 's bigger probability someone 's an idiot , and you think that if someone is ok with migration he must be french . 
  you made a stupid , bigoted statement , and your defense is another stupid , bigoted statement . 
  awesome . 
  it made our bigots and right-wingers insanely butthurt . 
  nothing more . 
  i was poking fun at us army and why they need such a giant budget . 
  they 're mediocre - german , french and british armies are made only to perfectly protect these countries . 
  but it 's not us army - they ca n't ruin poor nations by waging perpetual , never-ending , provocative proxy wars on the other side of the planet . 
  you can walk into any public university without even being a student , walk around and listen to lectures . 
  you obviously ca n't participate in stuff like laboratory classes , exercises or exams - but lectures are officially open to everyone . 
  and come to think of it - you could even participate in a laboratory class if you managed to convince people you 're someone else . 
  nobody ever checked my id , even when i was graded and i 've only used my student card when borrowing books . 
  i 'd say that temperature is not your main enemy here , only storms and short , heavy rains . 
  mostly when you 'll be going through central europe ( idk what route you 're taking , but i guess at least you 'll be going through germany ) - sudden summer storms are pretty common in this part of europe . 
  so i would pack a light jacket , mostly if it 's rain-resistant . 
   for example : why call all firefighters firemen if some of them are women ? 
  because it 's just a word . 
  that 's the part that annoys many people in `` political correctness '' . 
  it 's often tinkering with words that have no negative meaning , nobody means them in that way ( like here - everyone knows that there are firewomen ) and their `` insulting '' meaning appears only if you start taking apart their form or looking literally at the components of the word . 
  it comes from a misunderstanding of how human language works in our brains . 
  words are just tokens assigned to ideas and thoughts . 
  we have a mental construct of a fireman , image of how he looks , what 's he 's like , etc. , etc. , like - human , putting out fires , helmet , protective clothing , brave , restless , strong , has a cool car , color red . 
  all of these floating ideas have this token assigned to them . 
  because our brain does n't think words . 
  our brain thinks thoughts . 
  it uses words so we can talk about firemen when there are no firemen to point at and say `` ugh ! '' . 
  but these are just tokens . 
  firemen happen to be called firemen . 
  it has an etymology in different words , so it 's special . 
  but we could just as well call these people `` dampitydoos '' . 
  our brains do n't care , only thing that matters in a word is that a person who hears it will have it assigned to a similar thought cloud to ours . 
  polan here . 
  depends . 
  in smaller , local supermarkets , that close at 11pm - no way . 
  in small bakeries that close at ~ 5pm - nope . 
  in bigger bakeries ( usually ones that do n't bake on spot , but have a big bakery somewhere outside of town and 2-3 deliveries a day ) that close at 7pm - maybe . 
  in giant supermarkets at shopping centres ( like tesco or main-chain carrefour ) - probably . 
  i 'm looking for a very specific musical equipment ( old omnichords ) , and it seems that most of units that i can find lie in the us . 
  shipping costs from usa are insane , so i 've tried turning to european holy land of electronic music that is germany , but to no avail . 
  so i was wondering - what 's the main place for auctioning and classified ads in germany ?
