  you can if you 're an amateur like the rest of this shitty government . 
  this is the biggest issue here . 
  our pm is a puppet with minimum experience , minister of defence is a historian , minister of foreign affairs talks about `` negro politics '' when speaking about relations with usa , minister of environment does n't believe in global warming , minister of culture tries to block obscene plays , and behind them all sits kaczy\u0144ski who 's borderline insane . 
  every single high-ranking official in polish government right now ( maybe sans the minister of economy ) is a total amateur . 
  and that 's the real reason why they fucked up so much in so little time . 
  we 're a country of 38 million led by a bunch of nobodies in wrong seats . 
  we will pay you back in dead fetuses . 
  you can kickstart stem cell industry with those . 
  i 'd put that 1 day into florence , just so i can see uffizi in a calm and thorough manner . 
  it is manipulative . 
  stress ? 
  they show basic behaviors related to survival and preserving their own life . 
  this is not consciousness . 
  enjoyment ? 
  what enjoyment ? 
  they are biological machines , they do n't have individual preferences and emotional states . 
  again - they have simple mechanisms related to survival and extending life of their hive . 
  and yes . 
  they achieve it with a whole set of `` social '' behaviours , but that only means they found a way to communicate between individual , not that they are sentient . 
  you take simple , automatic , mechanic reactions and behaviors of a bee and put it in a frame of a human , which is absolutely ridiculous and unscientific . 
  you found some aspects of their behavior that correlates with behavior of higher species , and tou somehow convinced yourself that it 's a sign of bees being conscious . 
  it 's not . 
  with your idea of `` stress '' and `` enjoyment '' flowers would be considered sentient due to heliotropism and withering when mistreated . 
  they move towards sun !, 
  they must `` prefer '' it . 
  sentience !, 
  and for the love of damn , please educate yourself on what ` consciousness ' means . 
  i get a lot spacey vibe from it . 
  it 's earth and moon overlapping , but it might also be some kind of a radiotelescope dish or some other space tech . 
  that 's the point - with a simple shape it conveys feelings and overall atmosphere of space exploration , without being too obvious . 
  compare with [ cnes ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/centre_national_d%27%c3%a9tudes_spatiales_logo.png ) logo - it also uses a totally abstract shape , and blue circle and that upwards swish are supposed to suggest certain associations . 
  space , exploration , high-tech , unknown , but in the middle of it our planet earth . 
  polish space agency is mostly concerned with being a space agency , and its logo should convey feelings of space exploration . 
  it 's not ministry of foreign affairs , space agencies are not to attract tourism they are to explore space . 
  you do n't need a giant shape of poland , or even polish colours plastered over it . 
  [ this is a full design ] ( http://1.static.s-trojmiasto.pl/zdj/c/n/9/1560/620x0/1560954-do-czego-nawiazywac-ma-nowe-logo-polskiej-agencji-kosmicznej-na-razie-mozna-sie.jpg ) - it looks a little better that way , since it was kinda butchered in ops post by the right side of the frame being too close to the design . 
  that `` invisible triangle '' is still there in your head and it should n't be cut . 
  but at the same time this shows the text part , which also has its own set of problems . 
  minimalism is not a problem , [ this design ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lzy1dcv.png ) is way , way better , despite being even simpler and calmer . 
  problem of the chosen logo is its internal inconsistency and lack of professional edge to the idea . 
  it 's unpolished ( pun unintended ) and lazy . 
  but not `` oh look how simple it is , so lazy ! '' . 
  that logo i posted is simpler , but at the same time filled with more effort and professionalism , because you can see how every part of it is balanced and consistent with the rest . 
  good minimalism is not easy . 
  `` i could do this myself '' towards simple designs is probably the most enraging thing designers hear in their life . 
  if you use only 2-4 parts in a symbol , these parts must be in a perfect harmony , must really work together . 
  logo i posted was harder to design that the one that won , because it shows that every shape , its size and contrast with other shapes was consciously thought up by a designer . 
  problem of the chosen logo is not the minimalism , or even the idea itself ( i kinda like that positive-negative contrast used ) , but how this particular idea was carried through , how it lacks polish and conscious , designer thought in it . 
  sure . 
  they are not conservative , they are populist with conservative food colouring . 
  month ago mainstream tv showed sad , dying kids who ca n't get their weed-based medicine , people got a bit upset for a day , and now government is moving in to secure some points with the public with this legislation . 
  of course they do n't enjoy it . 
  they do n't enjoy anything . 
  it 's ridiculous and manipulative to attach such an emotional , subjective and consciousness-based idea like `` enjoyment '' to an insect . 
  just on the contrary . 
  they are separated , and this is exactly why courts can not publish binding laws - judiciary branch of government the legislative branch are two separate entities . 
  hey , it 's perfect for funeral ceremonies . 
  historically problematic ? 
  sure . 
  creating traffic problems due to its sheer size ? 
  yep . 
  horrible when it comes to surroundings and city planning in its vicinity ? 
  hell yes . 
  but not ugly . 
  architecture of this building is pretty awesome , it 's definitely enriching warsaw skyline , it 's unique in an european world of skyscrapers , and it 's easily the best looking socialist realist skyscraper of eastern block . 
  [ seven sisters ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seven_sisters_ ( moscow % 29 ) are way worse . 
  still better than complicity . 
  `` when i 'm right , i 'm right . 
  when i 'm wrong , * i bet * i 'm right in a circumvent way '' . 
  cool confirmation bias you have there . 
  115 what ? 
  kilograms ? 
  planck masses ? 
  it 's a poor data visualization if you do n't provide units of y axis . 
  do russians from smaller cities have that `` everyone needs a car '' mentality like people in the us ? 
  or do you manage with trains and buses , more like western europeans , despite the massive distances ? 
  i 'm asking because russia is obviously closer in mentality to europe , but your distances are more similar to what americans experience . 
  `` stop sharing this study i do n't like . 
  it 's maybe the most butthurt-inducing study eu has ever done , for which i carefully cherrypicked criticism to confirm my bias . '', 
  starzyny traffic controller was never questioned in front of a court because his mental health made it impossible - last news available says he was sent to a psychiatric ward . 
  katyn , communism and [ polish partitions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partitions_of_poland ) are major historical gripes . 
  but it 's also last 25 years . 
  germans acknowledged and apologized for crimes of their previous government , while russia still denies their past and cowards from responsibility . 
  and germany seems to accept that poland is a sovereign country . 
  i mean - obviously , they see us as a satellite state , but it 's still better than russian government that still dreams a dream of grand russia , ending on german border . 
  last 25 years of polish-russian relations are a parade of hostility and russians meddling in our affairs , while last 25 years of polish-german relations are attempts at cooperation and building national friendship . 
  this is why pretty much no one in poland has anything against germany nowadays , while everyone hates russia . 
  definitely russia . 
  because most of the planet is better off . 
  sure , i 'm not saying that a medieval smith could make it , but someone in the middle of nowhere with a workshop with a lathe and some similar tools would be able to . 
  he 's just butthurt that po taught western media to notice what is happening in poland on day-to-day basis and that it 's not deaf to our internal issues . 
  and most parts for the ak mechanism can be made/repaired by someone with basic smith skills and workstation . 
  there are aks out there that never saw anything close to a professional gun factory . 
  still , there are hundreds of anti-presidential memes up being shoved their butts every week and nothing happens . 
  i see at least 2 villages in that panhandle . 
   turkey is n't an active war zone , is it ? 
  area in question is . 
  turkish jets were shot down near the syrian border , fighting is happening over border crossings with turkey , various groups clash right next to the border . 
  by all means turkish-syrian border is a warzone . 
  what 's the alternative ?
