  because people who fought in it , needed it . 
  do n't expect much from people who participate in lotteries seriously - people who believe they are going to win an 8/49 draw are not the smartest bunch . 
  it 's commemoration of [ w-hour ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_uprising#w-hour ) , beginning of warsaw uprising . 
  every ~ ~ september ~ ~ august 1st , at 5pm emergency sirens go off and whole city stops in tracks ( cars , people , etc. ), 
  for a minute . 
  man , you brits are tall . 
  `` and in 2030 california will pass usa '' . 
  i mean - economic migrants are not humans , and their lives do n't deserve saving , right ? 
  and it could cause our highly privileged and luxurious life get a one hundredth of a percent worse !, 
  our lives are tough too !, 
  my earnings are only thousands of euros above level needed to pay for basic human needs like food and shelter !, 
  he was member of sejm for a while in the 90s , but he was n't this edgy and controversial , and actually did some good . 
  including a very clever , house of cards-ish play around his lustration bill . 
  ah yes . 
  your anecdotal knowledge is surely much more reliable than statistics . 
  i 'm betting on intelligence forces of usa/some european country . 
  donetsk republic is a faulty , barely working state , that has massive russian political presence . 
  it 's obvious that it must be riddled with spies from the whole world . 
  holy shit !, 
  office buildings catering and selling space to foreigin companies dare to have foreigin names ? 
  preposterous !, 
  based on comments i 'm 90 % sure he 's czech . 
  you responded to thread that is 5 months old , and all you had to say is same old , washed-up , racist bullshit . 
  cool . 
  i love how people talk about this ominous , singular and uniform entity called `` russia '' ( usually as an extension of putin 's agenda ) , and completely disregard the idea that russia is a complex country of 150 million people , with hundreds of various , competing influence groups and circles . 
  putin is not a tzar supported by the whole country - there are thousands of politicians , businessmen , etc. 
  who are just waiting for any sign of weakness to topple his system and take the country . 
  and i do n't mean in opposition . 
  every ruler has half of his own court waiting to take his position . 
  being fixated on `` quintessentially european '' is quintessentially european . 
   first time i heard about komorowski was during his campaign in 2010 maybe that was because you did n't have much political knowledge . 
  komorowski was a member of every sejm of 3rd rzeczpospolita , and minister of defence in government of jerzy buzek . 
  duda was only a minor official in kaczy\u0144ski 's government , and member of 7th sejm . 
  he 's much more of a `` nobody '' . 
  then his populism is at disgusting levels . 
  moral politics are not the worst part of his ideology . 
  he 's proposing roll-back of necessary retirement reforms , artificial help for people who lost money due to rise of swiss franc prices , help of failing mines , and somehow a decrease of taxes while rising the expenditures . 
  costs of his , mostly useless and populist , promises were estimated at over 260 billion pln ( ~ 63 billion eur ) . 
  if pis will do what they promise , economy of this country will be on fire . 
  costs of promises of komorowski were estimated to be around 35 billion pln . 
  duda - 260 billion . 
  yep . 
  if being a catholic nationalist was n't bad enough , he 's also an extreme populist socialist . 
  i know what you mean . 
  dusan makavejev is a really good director . 
  his `` montenegro '' was highly enjoyable for me . 
  note : this is vice . 
  before you proceed , you should know that their stuff , by intention , is highly subjective and biased . 
  that 's their style - one reporter , and his/her freedom of reporting whatever they personally think . 
  i 'm not saying `` do not watch '' or `` this is fake western propaganda '' . 
  it 's not , and vice makes quality stuff . 
  but i 'm saying `` this is not reuters '' . 
  trees in towns are a touchy subject here in poland . 
  cutting trees and overtaking public lawns with construction is very often met with outrage . 
  i hate communism like hell , and think it 's one of the worst social engineering inventions of humanity . 
  but in this one department , in this one country , they succeeded . 
  because type of government is directly , undoubtedly connected to performance of public education system , and pope is n't ? 
   or to your death camps nice bait , m8 . 
  6/10 , good quality troll . 
  because this switch happened during the 50 years of communist-run ministry of education and ministry of internal affairs ? 
  one thing that communism did right over here - it really , deeply taught people that educating your children is not only good for them , but is also an absolutely basic duty of a parent and right of a child . 
  yep , but we 'll be few dozen centimetres closer to africa , due to continental drift . 
  / r/europe and / r/mapporn have a personal union , and / r/vexillology is our vassal, 
  mostly when there 's album option on imgur . 
  it 's perfect for this stuff . 
  also - france is blobbing as always . 
   as a turkish i dont deny it , i 'm just in an internal denial ftfy, 
  it 's not `` have to '' as in `` you will be forced '' , only `` have to '' in a sense of `` that is a natural course of humanity '' . 
  history of man is history of liberalization and emancipation . 
  homosexuality is not weirdness , it 's a common trait of many mammals , that shows up in around 1-5 % of human society . 
  and it 's not a passing fad , only a thing that was with humans since the dawn of mankind . 
  you do n't see connection between equal access to basic rights and progress ? 
  i might have gone a little bit pessimistic with that previous post , but sure - things are changing . 
  they have to - lgbt emancipation is more or less a continent-wide direction . 
  and tendencies in more progressive countries show that poles will change , and will probably do it within their own lifetimes . 
  but still - we 're kinda trailing behind in that area . 
  well , no shit . 
  but after decades of being in front of anyone else in europe when it comes to liberalism and secularism , it 's now in the tail of progress . 
   how is life for homosexuals in your country ? 
  closeted . 
   can they marry and have children ? 
  nope and hell nope . 
  we 're struggling to pass shitty civil unions , that are not even really about lgbt , only more about straight people not wanting to make permanent unions . 
  so gay marriage and adoption is a far cry over here . 
  only 27 % of society supports lgb marriage , and only 14 % supports adoption . 
  oh , and constitution calls marriage `` an union of men and woman '' . 
  so there 's that . 
   are they well seen in society ? 
  nope . 
  it 's kinda better in big cities , warsaw is pretty gay , but other than that intolerance , prejudice and lack of basic knowledge runs wild in society . 
  according to 2010 poll , only ~ 10 % consider homosexuality `` normal '' and ~ 60 % more say that it 's `` not normal , but should be tolerated '' , leaving 30 % who deny any tolerance to lgb people . 
  on the top of that , homophobia is only slightly less rampant amongst young people so future outlook is n't that bright . 
  also - homosexuality is # 2 ( # 1 being abortion ) topic for clergy when they want to do some fear mongering . 
  for them abortion , gay rights , and transsexual rights are all the same thing - symptoms of `` cywilizacja \u015bmierci '' , `` civilization of death '' - horrible western depravity and decadence that is flooding our beautiful christian paradise of tradition . 
  shit 's not good . 
  out of all possible topics , lgbt rights is a bastion where our traditionalists set up their last defences , and our shitty , populist government wo n't move against them . 
  and it 's so silly , considering how liberal polish-lithuanian commonwealth was . 
  it 's one of the only countries in the world that never penalized homosexuality , but what 's left now is a backwater country with law from previous era . 
  not really , no . 
  there are too many amateurs in the politics business for things like this to be foolproof .
