i have a feeling a terrorist attack is imminent in europe . 
  being in europe , i am rather scared but i try not to think about it . 
  here in athens we got pretty heavy snow fall on the 1/1 but there was n't any on the ground : / . 
  at least you could see it falling . 
  which judging by the current conditions , i am going to do too . 
  the wages here are hardly livable . 
  being an undergraduate in greece things are not looking particularly good for me . 
  took us 400 years !, 
  both a christmas tree and a tree house . 
  that is a little naive do n't you think ? 
  living in greece the last thing i am afraid of is dying from one of these makeshift bombs that the only reason to exist is to protest ( definitely not to cause harm to others ) . 
  and to be honest what country does n't have similar attacks ? 
  apparently they would . 
  would they be shouting allahu akbar if isis had attacked turkey ? 
  i think not . 
  that bald guy with the phone stood still at least . 
  ca n't be worse than greece . 
  we are in the shit for years . 
  life sentence is the best sentence for them ( capital punishment-if it existed-would make them martyrs ) . 
  let them rot in a cell for life and see how much special they feel then . 
  renouncing god for abandoning them would be sweet poetic justice . 
  good fucking riddance . 
  if only walter white was from finland ... 
  just because he supports gay marriage and euthanasia he becomes a pretending catholic ? 
  how are those bad things ? 
  i knew the pope had a dark side . 
  you are delusional and a bigot . 
  lolwut chill , they are just political comments , so by your logic the carneval wagons above show that the creators are repulsive human beings ? 
  get over your conservative hatred you lunatic . 
  that is just plain lies , was trying to link an article from braitbard - intentional mispelling since the censorship police keeps deleting my comments . 
  you can try searching for yourself . 
  reddit has become a 1984 dystopia for real . 
  geee i wonder why ... reddit is certainly not a liberal circlejerk so it 's truly bewildering ... 
  hur dur says the circlejerking european . 
  nice islamic country you got there . 
  even if it was serious , its still funny you humourless twat . 
  well they 're not wrong ... e : people ca n't take a joke lol, 
  jokes on you here in athens , greece ca n't remember the last time it went under 30oc . 
  also / r/mapswithoutrussia, 
  you are beyond saving . 
  it 's apparent how biased you are since you are certain that everything the potus does is negative being heavily influenced by the 93 % negativity that you ca n't even accept anything positive about the potus . 
  and comparing trump to hitler not only is insane but totally unfair . 
  so take your insane leftist mental gymnastics elsewhere libtard . 
  and no go zones exist , just go to malmo sweden . 
  or you are to afraid to google that ? 
  giving 0 fucks whilst responding to my comments and desperately trying to sound like a smartass is not 0 fucks given mate . 
  do n't lower yourself more . 
  yeah because a reddit account should reflect what you are in real life . 
  you are pretty pathetic if you think that . 
  oh and your whole comment is pretty damn cringy , no real social life besides reddit will do that to ya . 
  because as i said before your news source is reddit and reddit is overly negative . 
  fox news is objective since it perfectly shows both sides of the potus . 
  but of course you are being brainwashed by the left . 
  that fake account has more karma than all of your accounts combined . 
  did i ever say that ? 
  i said that reddit is a leftist circlejerk and the news sources that are being shat on like fox news actually represent the president equally ( 50-50 ) positive and negative press coverage for the potus , at cnn ? 
  ( 93 % negative ) . 
  so do n't give me that crap . 
  i do n't really care about my karma anymore . 
  i just say truths that disrupt the leftist bubble . 
  you are a moron if you really think that . 
  he has been potus ever since his election night since the stock markets and investors had time to react to his win . 
  and guess what ? 
  actually smart people who work for a living see beyond the cnn , nbc brainwashinf about trump and seek real news . 
  as a result they see less regulation and more reasons to invest , see the stock market for proof . 
  you must feel really smart getting your leftist views confirmed by bots ayy . 
  because your news source is reddit . 
  fake news . 
  the bots are out in full force . 
  yeah he made a blunder , who does n't ? 
  trump is already proving to be the most succesful president . 
  unemployement down , stock market up , yeah he must be a real moron . 
  that trump will mix them up , trump is smarter than you give him credit for , you just bash him and call him an idiot to reap the karma . 
  reality does n't work this way . 
  even if he is ( which he is n't ) he has advisors that know stuff . 
  being this anti-trump that you make up stuff on the fly . 
  france * fa g * uo . 
  leave it to the chinese to say it like it is . 
  no just no . 
  come to greece and eat some good quality gyro . 
  i do live in greece , what are you even talking about . 
  pretending to be european ... where are you from ? 
  greece is more european than all the other countries combined . 
  oh dear , it 's as if russia and the usa who are independent have had wars on their turf since the 1940 's . 
  oh wait they have n't . 
  no developed country has had any wars on their turf , all have been abroad . 
  your arguement does n't compute . 
  eu is n't the cause for peace , rather that a war is costly and countries realise that cooperation is better for prosperity than war . 
  but of course whatever fits your little narrative . 
  why not have a strong voice as an independent country ? 
  strong national identity is extremely important . 
  russia and china are strong on their own . 
  why ca n't european countries have that ? 
  a good fix is deportation and control of borders ( not open borders ) , i mean trump does it and he deports people that are from mexico that share the way of life of americans . 
  why ca n't europe do that . 
  also eu supposed ` allies ' saudi arabia has n't taken any migrants and their way of life is identical to extremist muslims , why not divert people there ? 
  cooperation is not the solution if no country tries to better itself and instead relies on shared misery with neighboring countries just because a european court does n't allow it . 
  check how the eu intends to put sunctions on poland and hungary because they have n't opened their borders . 
  here we go with the evil russia and evil china argument . 
  oh get over it please .
