im more intrigued why exactly 50 years . 
  were behind schedule more than 20 years already : /, 
  the problem is that this was obviously an outrage all over germany and people called for punishment . 
  so they had to put them on trial for something but it was hard to find what law they actually broke and it was even dismissed once before . 
  now , you cant sue someone for running around with a labeled t-shirt and asking people to not drink alcohol and not go to nightclubs as long as they are not forcing or threatening anyone . 
  if you could , i could just as well sue those wwf guys asking for donations every day in the pedestrian zone . 
  at least the guy that organzied this ( sven lau , a german salafist convert that is beeing watched by the federal constitutional protection ) is also beeing punished for support of a terrorist organisation . 
  you probably dont understand german and dont know pegida . 
  if you did youd know this poster is not about anti immigration and pegida is not about that too . 
  but its ok , keep calling people `` discusting '' . 
  you might have missed the posters with the '' hier steht das pack '' and the crossed out veil and moschee . 
  thats a common sight in right extremist pegida demonstrations . 
  and its in saxony too , but i guess these are just concerned citizens ... 
  makes me wonder why the police isnt organizing more of these if it really is as easy as liking someone on facebook and meeting up a few times . 
  that should make recruting much harder . 
  dont you have keloggs with toys , or a kids menu in mcdonalds ? 
  thats exactly the same as kinder eggs with toys . 
  terrorism can never be excused , but it can be explained . 
  there are tons of good documentarys on the subject of israel and palestine . 
  both have blood on their hands . 
  dont take my word for it , educate yourself . 
  i do but i dont know what you are trying to tell me . 
  it would only matter that its percentages and not total power if the overall power consumption increased which since 2011 which it didnt . 
  depends what you read . 
  everything is better than russian media though . 
  only a fool would believe russian media at this point . 
  this seems absolutely reasonable to me . 
  you cant have negotiations without talking to the bad guys too . 
  also its not exactly like israel is doing no wrong so for me theyre all bad guys . 
  2015 overall coal is lower than 2011 overall coal ? 
  such a zone has also existed at the oktoberfest for 15 years or so . 
  you realise refugees wouldnt have been described as southern european ? 
  also this is the report from 2012 ( !! ) . 
  the 2013 report of a rape there which you conveniently didnt google doesnt mention a foreign individual . 
  none of these were groups of people also . 
  a good example of cherrypicking and bullshitting to try and push an agenda . 
  not only that but its also nothing new to have safe zones at these kinds of festivals here . 
  its not a regular zone in the city , thats just silly . 
  erlangen in the middle of bavaria is probably one of the safest citys you could think of outside of such a festival . 
  the poster is obviously trying to promote germany as `` rape capital of europe '' because of refugees . 
  the oktoberfest has this kind of zone for probably 15 years now . 
  its drunk people losing their inhibitions which is bad but not news . 
  done by dieter majer who was the highest engineer in the nuclear supervision agency . 
  trying to translate which systems are explicitly mentioned : reactor safety container , reaktor pressure vessel , primary coolant system and electronic systems, 
  i have seen different numbers elsewhere . 
  nevertheless even if it slightly increased since 2010 , its definetly going down since 2013 . 
  coal and nuclear are going away , no matter what . 
  the decision to reduce nuclear first and have a co2 producing but safer energy for the transition is understandable , especially if you look at germanys case in particular . 
   thats a generalisation that makes absolutely no sense at all . 
  the correlation between age of a nuclear plant and safety is actually reverse . 
  every time the lifetime of a plant gets extended the required level of safety gets higher . 
  thats like saying old people are healthier than young people because they go to the doctor more often . 
  as a matter of fact not only are germanys power plants unsafe they are also excellent targets for terrorism . 
  a 2013 study showed than not a single one of our plants would withstand even the crash of middle-sized military plane , let alone a big passenger plane . 
  a nuclear meltdown would be likely . 
  germanys goal was never to go for nuclear energy longterm , the recent decision to fade it out faster was only a slight acceleration of a plan decided on a longer time ago . 
  i know . 
  thats is why better storage technology is needed and by 2050 can very much be good enough . 
  also countries with better locations for solar and wind can import energy . 
  just one little addition , the pension system is not a ponzi scheme if it only requires a relatively steady population and not a increase . 
  your stats are missing 2014 and 2015 . 
  coal has fallen , and co2 emissions have fallen . 
  plants from the 70s are old and absolutely not 100 % safe . 
  to modernize them would require billions better spent on renewables . 
  closing the plants might not help find a safe storage ( which is hard to argue even exists ) but atleast it prevents the producing of more waste . 
  i understand the waste can be drastically reduced by newer technologies but it stills seems like putting all your money on renewables is the way to go for the future . 
  except thats not whats happening if you look at the statistics . 
  coal is decreasing and renewables are skyrocketing . 
  coal is beeing phased out aswell . 
  renewables have risen immensly after the phasing out of nuclear began . 
  nuclear was also very expensive for germany for a variety of reasons . 
  final storage problems were never solved . 
  the nuclear power plants here were mostly old and begging to become unsafe and in need of a major investment to move forward . 
  the reasons for the gradual abandoning of nuclear power here were very much financial . 
  germanys co2 emissions have also fallen despite the worlds average rising . 
  energy produced by coal is already lower than when the phasing out of nuclear power began . 
  renewables are steadily rising and make up a huge amount of the generated power . 
  ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/stromerzeugung#/media/file:energiemix_deutschland.svg ) . 
  overall id say its going pretty fine . 
  we pay a lot for electricity though . 
  im not even concerned about security but still wouldnt go to turkey this year despite it beeing a beautiful country . 
  ill rather leave my money in spain or greece and not support a crazy dictator . 
  theyre especially stupid considering vw already has a sizeable market share of electric cars . 
  you would still get full benefits if you live here 5 years . 
  nevertheless im not conviced this law is good since the social benefit abuse is still not a big enough deal overall to justify hurting people actually deserving it . 
  we desperately need qualified workers from eu countries and this would only further scare them off . 
  oh dont get me wrong , i wasnt trying to justify this measure . 
  i have absolutely nothing against our neighboors coming here to work . 
  i just mentioned poles because they make up a sizeable portion of our eu-foreigners . 
  yea it varies depending how many people live together , also children get less . 
  143 $ is probably the max for someone living alone . 
  thanks :d the pecularities of the german language !, 
  there are unemployment benefits which you get for a time and they are a percentage of what you paid in . 
  you only get the normal social benefits after you are not eligible for unemployment benefits anymore . 
  out highst court decided that the german government is theoretically not allowed to let a person living here fall under a certain minimum needed to survive . 
  nope , the `` menschenw\u00fcrdiges existenzminimum '' ( i cant even translate that ) thing never got enacted last time i heard a few weeks ago . 
  edit : although after 15 months when they have a permit to work ( for some reason we wont allow them to get a job earlier ... ) they get the normal social benefits . 
  non eu foreigners cant just come here . 
  they have to have a reason ( job etc. ) . 
  if you mean refugees they get considerable less .
