  unfortunately there is no such world order anymore . 
  the military alone will not make russia great again . 
  china doesnt care about russia at all . 
  its all futile . 
  i have russian friends here in germany and its actually hilarious to talk to them . 
  everything they do and say will be pretty much the same as everyone else . 
  they are fun to hang out with and everything . 
  but try and mention politics and youll get the most retarded pro putin bullshit you can imagine . 
  its like talking about gun rights with a liberal american . 
  suddenly the common sense gets thrown overboard and the brain defaults to what has been pressed into it from infancy . 
  i cant believe they didnt have a single guy who could write `` non-russian '' english . 
  its quite hilarious considering skipping the `` the '' is absolutely the stereotypical russian mistake . 
  if we ever try to fake english stuff in germany you can spot us because we will randomly capitalize stuff that shouldnt be !, 
  but is it really that much worse in sweden than in germany ? 
  for most of my life i and all of my friends have been walking around frankfurts ( which is supposed to be the city in germany with the highest criminality ) worst parts around the central station and nothing at all has happened to anyone . 
  whenever i meet somebody from the rural part of the country and they tell me they avoid the city because of criminality and such im kind of perplexed by it . 
  i really cant wrap my head around what people are afraid of here . 
  and thats not even the only one . 
  i remember seeing a report in german television about another king in ghana who works in a grocerie store here . 
  the report showed him flying to ghana as he does once a year . 
  the rest of the year he reigns his people via skype ( ! ) . 
  funny to see how many of these stereotypes still exist after nearly 300 years . 
  they did . 
  the part about putins buddys was conveniently left out . 
  unfortunately putin has way too much power to care at all . 
  russian media is already not reporting on this part . 
  it will go away as if nothing happened . 
  yea im pretty sure the age of consent in germany isnt straight 14 . 
  you have to be under 21 to notbreak the law if you have sex with 14 or 15 year olds . 
  well i didnt say everybody is doing it , just that there are always some that do shit like this . 
  obviously punishment and prevention are the way to go . 
  i wouldnt say that american crimes on prisoners in iraq were handled very well though , even after everyone knew what was going on a lot of cover up happened . 
  in my opinion its not at all far fetched to suggest that some of these prisons were breeding grounds for isis . 
  i know , i was just referencing the rapes commited by american soldiers in iraq because it was very similar to this . 
  lets be honest here . 
  if americans can do it in iraq , so can europeans . 
  morally degenerate scumbags are unfortunately found everywhere . 
  if they get enough power theyll do terrible stuff like this . 
  what the fuck , is that real ? 
  its ok , lets make a semi-gro\u00dfdeutsches reich again and behave this time !, 
  depends if the post hits fronpage . 
  this one did so the usual topcomments get downvoted . 
  but over 75 % of muslim women in germany already dont wear any kind of veil . 
  third genereation immigrants do pretty much have a choice and they often choose to not wear it . 
  crimes against women who `` dishonor '' their family are rare . 
  muslims here are organically getting more and more liberal ( as are christians ) . 
  67 % of not very religious ( close to national average of all people ) and still 40 % of very religious muslims here even approve of gay marriage . 
  id argue that any kind of legislation forbidding veils would worsen the situation for everyone involved . 
  im not sure . 
  from a pure womens rights standpoint there should still be a choice . 
  when women began working more and not simply beeing mothers in western nations there was at least as much pressure on them to not go work . 
  but many legitimately enjoyed staying at home and caring for the kids and still do . 
  you cant just say `` you dont know what you want , i know what you want '' . 
  every woman needs do decide for herself and that decision should be respected . 
  the state should simply provide a plattform in which it is possible to decide either way . 
  first of all , the majority of muslims in germany are of turkish decent . 
  they were a lot more liberal than many other nations to begin with since turkey was kind of secualarized . 
  i would also argue that most of the second/third generation is highly integrated . 
  you will meet a sizeable amount of muslims in western germany seeking higher education . 
  also why are the christian conservative partys always the ones wanting to cut back on social stuff or against expanding it ? 
  isnt it a christian thing to be compassionate and helpful ? 
  id rather be more free than have nsa-style surveillance . 
  although we already have that with the nsa spying on us too ... 
  thats what people fail to understand . 
  terrorism is a tool of the weak . 
  they have no chance to succeed in normal ways . 
  everyone is against them . 
  terrorism aims to make their enemys fight between themselves . 
  its an issue as much as it is one in most western countries . 
  it hasnt really increased or decreased in forever . 
  only 5 % of rapes get reported though because the overwhelming amount of times the offender and the victim are in some kind of relationship . 
  rape by strangers is really not a major issue at all and never has been . 
  hate to tell you but incredibly brutal and disgusting things have been done in the name of buddhism . 
  and i thought canadians werent muricans . 
  do us a favor and dont come to europe please . 
  lol you go panic then . 
  im not afraid one bit . 
  its not getting worse in germany though ? 
  homicides have gone down or stayed about the same every year since recording . 
  since 1994 the rate has halfed from 1200 to 600 in the whole year . 
  non germans make up 30 % of the suspects consistently too , most of them polish and turkish gangsters . 
  except arabian christians also call him allah . 
  muslim population here is very moderate for the most part . 
  i dont think there have been actual terrorist attacks from any type of extremists since the raf days . 
  i wouldnt jump to false conclusions . 
  its still much safer in most western european countries because of very small homicide rates compared to much of southern/eastern europe . 
  hungary aready has murder rated 4 times higher than germany or sweden . 
  baltic states up to 10 times higher . 
  russia 15 times higher ... 
  read the programms from the recent lokal elections if you want to have a laugh . 
  women shouldnt work and have 3 children . 
  children shouldnt have to learn about nazi germany in school . 
  instead history lessons should focus on the great achievements of germanys culture . 
  golbal warming is a hoax , all renewable energy programms should be stopped immediately . 
  i might actually read the programm they come up with . 
  if it is half as bad as the leaked one ill have a good laugh . 
  dude you are exagerating greatly . 
  maybe your media is making you think germany is some kind of warzone but i guarantee you the average german hasnt even noticed any kind of difference except the constant fucking discussion about it . 
  most football fans are normal people but there is a specific type of football fan who is very dumb , very agressive and doesnt care about anything other than football . 
  thats not what trump said .
