  around 120 $ a month which is not enough for anything really . 
  social benefits are around 405 $ a month . 
  this is aimed mainly at eastern europeans , mostly poles . 
  even though as most germans i couldnt care less abot the afd and its dumb program , i still think that shouldnt keep the guy from getting his promotion if he is doing a good job and deserves it . 
  party membership shouldnt affect your job and there are plenty of people who can keep their personal opinions to themselves and do a good job . 
  i suppose like belgium and france showed it is much easiert to attack a country which has an established radical islamist enclave . 
  thats harder to find in germany , were more about neonazi terrorism like nsu recently . 
  also siebenb\u00fcrgen in todays romania . 
  my grandmother had to leave after ww2 with nothing even though germans were living there since forever . 
  because terrorists dont care who they hit as long as it creates fear and stupid reactions out of fear . 
  thats not even a straw man argument anymore , its just retarded . 
  maybe that is whats needed to show akp supporters what kind of people they are defending . 
  bro , are you ok ? 
  seems you missed the average of half the frontpage of europe beeing anti-muslim every single day . 
  talk to a german about 1933-45 any they will be like `` yea that was shit but i wasnt born '' . 
  talk to a turk about 1915 and they will deny everything and tell you its anti-turkish propaganda . 
  its more than 100 years ago and nobody alive is responsible for it , how can you not accept it ? 
  estern germany is indeed a bit different . 
  theyve had strong far right parties for a longer time . 
  so 25 % voting afd and npd is pretty much an equal jump in popularity as 15 % in western germany . 
  there were polls showng them similary high for a few months . 
  there were no country wide elections during that timespan so just as the afd they only had success in regional elections like 11 % in bavaria ( 0,3 % nowadays ) compared to 15 % for the afd recently in baden w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  not doubting you at all just genuinely curious : where in germany did you get discriminated for looking middle eastern ? 
  they are not even close . 
  im not sure their party program is availiable in englisch but let me tell you it is very anti-islam whereas no major party ever had any program that was even slightly anti-islam . 
  people might care about refugees because they fear the financial burder but the whole anti-islam circlejerk isnt happening at all . 
  people here are easily swayed by recent events . 
  fukushima happened ? 
  lets all vote green part right now . 
  a similar thing happened when the kosovo and albanian wars happened and tons of refugees came . 
  the `` republikaner '' , a party much akin to the `` afd '' got to 15 % in some regions only to die out a few years later . 
  those albanias didnt turn out to be the murdering rapists they told us so they had nothing more to run on . 
  then there was the `` polish invasion '' the `` npd '' tried to tell us will destroy germany . 
  poles were all supposed to be criminals only intereseted in sucking money out of germany . 
  well , nothing really happened and noone cared about them anymore . 
  the same thing will happen here . 
  people will always have reasons to say `` but its different this time i swear '' , but it isnt and everyone will forget about it, 
  in germany we like to shit on english food and then on holiday eat nothing but english breakfast ... so yeah ... i guess we like some english food !, 
  its obviously in his interest to split up his `` enemies '' . 
  him saying so would only make `` yes '' voters on the issue of the uk leaving second guess whether it is really the right decision if their `` enemies '' are supporting it . 
  i cant speak for everyone but we dont eat sauerkraut as salad , we eat it as warm dish with mashed potatoes . 
  also most definetly not with beans . 
  the sausages look weird too :p, 
  the combination of what you are eating looks disgusting !, 
  :d but other than that maribor looks really nice . 
  very similar to a german city . 
  yea its just the 1-2 $ stuff thats less profitable . 
  big tasty though costs only about ~ 5 $ here i think . 
  while i agree that everyone should drastically limit their meat consumption , the reason mcdonalds can offer such low prices is because the hamburgers/cheeseburgers are quite small ( one cow can yield 1000 + hamburgers of meat ) and because they barely make any profit on these `` teaser products '' . 
  they just exist to make people buy other products like french fries and sodas on which good profit can be made . 
  i get that she is dumb , wasnt trying to deny that . 
  still a bad word choice shouldnt be a newsworthy political statement . 
  the article even says she later clarified her wording . 
  its really getting ridiculous . 
  someone said something that we could spin to advance our agenda ? 
  better fucking make it a newsstory . 
  to even suggest that a prime minister supportive of refugees must therefore think 9/11 was an accident is so fucking retarded i cant even understand how someone thought this was a good post in the first place . 
  read the article ? 
  holy fuck , 120 pages stasi file and he was only 19 when the ddr collapsed . 
  i dont think so . 
  quite a few people can get behind the anti-refugee stuff because they see economic difficulties for germany . 
  pegida is straight forward anti - islam though and on a whole different level . 
  it never did get any momentum outside of eastern germany and even there it is slowly dying off . 
  i can see her sticking to what obama it doing which is fine by me . 
  sure you could do better but atleast you arent creating unnecessary tensions worldwide because you have the vocabulary and understanding of world politics of a 9 year old . 
  mainz looks much worse than wiesbaden ill give you that , but frankfurt has extremely varying degrees of cleanliness !, 
  finally an - xit i can get behind ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  which is why youth unemployment is a more meaningful statistic . 
  on the other hand there are thousands of apprenticeships left vacant every year because not enough people apply . 
  so im guessing reducing youth unemployment below 5 % just isnt going to happen . 
  funny to see how all the money that went to eastern germany now makes it look better than many western cities . 
  even though we are the `` rich ones '' here in the rhein/main region many buildings look like shit !, 
  i didnt claim that it wasnt a problem in belgium . 
  jup thats from 2010 , the last time you heard from thilo sarrazin . 
  must be because his ideas were so popular in germany . 
  but if you are interested try reading some of the stuff he wrote after he got fired from everything . 
  he didnt even care to disguise his hatred after that , ist just straight up hilarious bullshit . 
   is it really ? 
  i remember a time where i was allowed to take a drink onto a plane and did n't have to strip down my shoes when boarding . 
  as i said , there are measures beeing taken which is fine . 
  doesnt mean you are in fear . 
  ive also never had to strip down my shoes when boarding ? 
   are you too young and ca n't remember the world before 2001 ? 
  there were bombings before 9/11 . 
  this has happened longer than that . 
  thats has literally been standard protocol for a abandoned suitcase in forever . 
  im not saying there arent measures beeing taken specifically to prevent terrorist attacks , im just saying that life here is exactly the same as it has always been . 
  noone is avoiding train stations or concerts , not taking the plane or staying at home in fear . 
  but that had much more to do with antiamerican sentiment in many countries . 
  ill assure you there was much more celebrating going on in russia than in many muslim countries like turkey . 
  theyre not a problem everywhere . 
  descendants of the muslims that came as immigrant workers to germany in the 50s and 60s are for the most part very mich integrated . 
  hitler was definetly not a socialist if you take todays accepted definiton of socialism . 
  speak for yourself . 
  98 % living in fear my ass . 
  ive seen recent polls and 90 % + of germans arent afraid . 
  you cant bomb a mentality . 
  and what country would take them ? 
  if their only nationality is belgian ? 
  implying germans care about the us bases here .
