  for all we care they could have gone away 1990 . 
  not sure what you are getting at . 
  economically poland has had immense profit from the eu . 
  you cant even argue about that . 
  poland will get its shit together soon enough once people realize ( and many already are ) how much of the progress they were making is going away . 
  russia on the other hand is still loving its isolation together with the crumbling economy . 
  theyll get their shit together eventually but it will take a longer time until people realize that military alone cant make your country great again . 
  wait a second . 
  the german median gross is like 42k a year in 2015 . 
  so these numbers are net ?? 
  what good would that be ? 
  these already paid for everything in healthcare , higher and lower education , a much better infrastructure and many many things more in germany . 
  we get quite a few perks for the high taxes . 
  comparing that to an american income who was to pay everything himself is rather idiotic . 
  also new york is the poorest state ? 
  that tells more about the system used to measure then anything else . 
  there is no way b\u00f6hmermann gets punished . 
  even if the court would find him guilty ( which it wont ) the case would never be over before the law gets abolished by 2018 . 
  its still a really bad signal by merkel as it would have been easy to simply deny the persecution . 
  getting quite a bit of publicity though . 
  i also dont think anyone would seriously consider attacking him for that , its just a safety measure . 
  a bit at least , you still have libel/defamation laws as far as i know . 
  most germans dont believe in freedom of speech without any restrictions and frankly these laws exist in most of europe . 
  point # 1 of our constitution is that human dignity is untouchable . 
  therefore freedom of speech never takes priority if what you say about someone exist solely to strip him of his dignity . 
  someone translasted the context of what b\u00f6mermann said and he actually explains it very well : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ebe9p/what_b%c3%b6hmermann_said_english_translation/ now , just to be clear , none of this applies here because what was said was clearly satire and not meant to simply insult erdogan and therefore legal . 
  they could very well have declined this prosecution on grounds of freedom of satire . 
  the german law would have permitted that . 
  its a dumb move all around . 
  there wont even be the chance for the court to find him guilty since the law will probably be abolished by then . 
  i agree though that simply shutting it down would have been a much wiser choice . 
  now she looks susceptible to blackmailing from erdogan because of her deal that noone finds satisfactory in the first place . 
  the problem is there sadly is no alternative to a cdu/spd coalition anytime soon . 
  the days spd/greens was a possible coalition are long gone . 
  die linke and afd take away more than 20 % of german votes without there beeing a chance of them ever beeing in a government coalition . 
  i cant even imagine what would have to happen to have anything but a cdu chancellor . 
  erdogan doesnt want to join anyway . 
  theyre even working on the reintroduction of the death penalty . 
  well the real italian pizza is very hard to get here , especially if you are ordering . 
  if you want to order youre pretty much stuck with stuff like joeys because its still better than most delivery services . 
  thanks , i didnt know that and that makes him look even worse indeed . 
  nah that would be ridiculous to say and absolutely impossible . 
  quoting from the relating article  warsaw historian andrzej paczkowski told afp `` there are no reliable figures regarding the number of jews killed by poles and the number of germans killed by poles . '' but paczkowski , who is also a council member of the national remembrance institute ( ipn ) that is charged with investigating nazi and communist-era crimes , said he `` would not be totally surprised if gross were right '' . 
  so i think how i understood it is right . 
  so what if poles killed more jews than they killed germans in the war ? 
  as far as i know it took little more than a month against very low resistance for nazis to occupy poland , hardly enough time to kill many . 
  after that , 6 years of occupation and instigation by nazis to persecute jews . 
  much of the world was already kind of or very antisemitic . 
  what was the point he was trying to make ? 
  even if what was said were true , which is unverifiable , it would tell us nothing about poland during that time . 
  not sure what do you even mean by that . 
  germany is one of the safest countries on earth and if you think that changed somehow than you havent been here lately . 
  alternatively the german ambassador has suggested the old german name for the czech republic : germany . 
  good . 
  the sanctions should be coming faster and throughout the whole eu though . 
  have you checked german facebook lately ? 
  none of the anti immigration stuff gets deleted , its everywhere . 
  the only thing that facebook needed to do is respect german hatespeech laws by deleting stuff like `` kill all refugees !!! '' . 
  most countries have some kind of laws against hatespeech . 
  if you think there should be literally no boundaries to free speech than indeed germany is not the country for you , still not merkels fault though . 
  dude , she hasnt even done anything with the media . 
  the headline could be `` angela merkel cures cancer by laying on hands '' and the top comment would be `` but she caused most of that cancer i swear ! '', 
  that is simply not true . 
  every single political post of a newspaper or similar is basically a pro refugees / contras refugees shitfest . 
  nothing is getting deleted that doesnt directly say `` kill them all '', 
  except not having a real democracy like where the poland is heading is much more like sharia law than what they had before ? 
  better think before speaking ... 
  tusk had nothing to do with this . 
  pis is violating core principles of the democracy required to be an eu member . 
  there are plenty of countries with eu critic parties in power who are not abolishing the constitution and the eu doesnt care . 
  so yeah , you really have no point here . 
  - eu doesnt intervene harshly `` the eu is so weak and doesnt do anything buhuu '' - eu does intervene `` the eu shouldnt mess with sovereign states , fucking nazis controlled by merkel buhuuu '' so yeah , easy to get an anti eu thing out of everything . 
  lets not forget the money . 
  poland currently get the most money from the eu , nearly as much as # 2 - # 4 combined . 
  not sure if decisions to cut some of this would have to be unanimous also . 
  beeing democraticaly elected doesnt mean you can delete your constitution then . 
  we had one guy do that in germany one time , wasnt so cool ... 
  i dont think russians have that much different values at all . 
  certainly much closer to western europeans than turkey and they were close to joining the eu at one point . 
  as little as 10 years ago the average german would probably have a better opinion of russia than of the us . 
  i dont think all of putins actions are inherentle evil but it is very clear than power is all that matters to him . 
  as another poster has said everything is controlled by him and his friends . 
  why would the state tv produce lies if there was no need to artificially rally the population behind him ? 
  stories like these dont happen in legitimate democracies . 
  would you say erdogan and his control over media is a positive thing ? 
  because to me the difference between putin and erdogan is nonexistant . 
  even the arguments ive heard germans with turkish roots make here are very similar . 
  hes a necessary evil . 
  the people cant handle it by themselves . 
  they need a strong leader , else anarchy errupts . 
  i think the people can handle it and sooner or later they will . 
  i agree it would be a long process to sort things out . 
  but a necessary one . 
   if you think that putin can be replaced by a pro-western liberal leader , you 're completely deluded . 
  why ? 
  other countries did it too . 
  there is no reason to not be a pro western ally . 
  it would be a gain for everyone involved . 
  i have a feeling its the pride the russian people have for beeing a former world power that makes them rather want to try and be great again alone and fail than get on board with the rest of the world . 
  there was no reason to attack ukraine during their inevitable change to a pro western country other than to try and keep the old world order alive .
