  he was refering to isis and in particular the human shields they use . 
  the people hiding abdeslam were arrested and will most definetly be charged . 
  obviously there needs to be a good process of determining which refugees deserve to stay and which dont . 
  im not even saying every genuine syrian and iraqi should be eligible to stay indefinetly but straight up saying that noone is allowed unless they apply as an ordinary migrant when there is a good reason geneva conventions exist seems ludicrous . 
  well what do you expect . 
  its a report of the german ministry for migration and refugees . 
  they are the only ones that can report it since they are the ones getting the asylum applications in the first place . 
  so unless you are insinuating that there is a big conspiracy of pro-refugee organisations infiltrating germany ministrys i cant see how there stats are anything less than the most reliable you are going to get on this matter . 
  i am guessing the passport is the only way to show you are in fact syrian/iraqi . 
  there is a `` ungekl\u00e4rt '' slice in the pie chart which means unknown . 
  these are the people without passport . 
  after the cologne events thomas de maiziere , the german interior minister , pushed to declare marokko , tunesia , algeria and afghanistan as `` safe countries '' to send people back . 
  while he had some success with the northern african countries its still a long way before afghanistan can be declared a safe country . 
  the argument is that there can be safe-zones inside afghanistan to accomodate refugees since there are safer parts of the country but the country as a whole is still very much in a big conflict . 
  https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/statistik-anlage-teil-4-aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ( page 8 , should be understandable without knowing german ) also despite media coverage beeing lower the conflict between taliban and government troops in afghanistan are steadily escalating with more than 4000 civilian deaths in 2015 and over 800000 displaced . 
  you are implying every refugee is here because he wants to . 
  75 % of the refugees coming to germany this year were from syria/iraq/afghanistan . 
  even if the other 25 % were all economic migrants its quite obvious that the majority is still fleeing the conflict . 
  if you suggest that every refugee should be treated as a normal migrant you are effecively nullyfying every international refugee-law . 
  that doesnt seem fair at all if you ask me . 
  the best guy the fdp had in recent history . 
  nowadays their boss is a guy who considers himself an expert on finance after failing to achieve anything on the free market and now speds half his day editing his own wikipedia artikle to look a little less bad . 
  rip guido , youll be missed . 
  - this has nothing to do with the thread - unzensuriert.at is a platform of the fp\u00d6 , hardly a fair opinion on anything, 
  ive never seen anyone call cdu/csu or fdp populist ? 
  ive seen lots of people call die linke populist . 
  german afd says global warming is a hoax . 
  there are good scientific reasons to oppose nuclear power though . 
  yes , burning more coal instead is pretty bad but the possibility of an accident and the lack of safe final depot are very real concers . 
  i for one am pretty happy that the nuclear powerplant less than 40km away build in the sixties isnt running anymore . 
  the fp\u00d6 is absolutely not a classic liberal party though . 
  they are right wing populists . 
  when did she say that ? 
  thats retarded considering nearly a third of eu citizens are already non-christian . 
  unfotunately noone is going to do this . 
  even the german finance minister who is supposed to be a social demokrat just authorised a deal for a massive amount of weapons and helicopters to saudi arabia . 
  to actually find a politician against weapon exports you have to go to the far left parties and theyre not getting power anytime soon . 
  well he is a bad guy isnt he ? 
  i didnt know there was a specific kind of language to use when refering to bad people ? 
  also if you took your time to read the party programm of the afd which i did ( and boy do i wish i didnt ) and that of the npd ( the actual non-hidden neonazi party ) youd notice there are very little differences . 
  if you base your definition of nazi solely on who claims theyre democratic there have been 0 nazi partys in the history of the world . 
  no need to argue about the afd though , it was just an example to show that noone likes to be lumped together with their race/country/people / whatever just because there are bad people in it . 
  man , chill out . 
  there was a bad guy and he was caught . 
  he should have been caught faster with better communication between italy and sweden but still . 
  noone in their right mind would ever argue that there will be 0 shitty people if thousands of refugees come here . 
  the innocent majority still deserves to be treated as human beeings and not as potential terrorist . 
  there is going to be shitty people among every nation . 
  nearly 25 % of the people in an east german state just voted for what is essentially a neonazi party , id still be pissed if everyone treated me like a nazi just because im german . 
  thanks for this comment . 
  most posts here seem to point out that everybody said there were no shitty or isis people among refugees , when in fact even the most liberal media has been reporting about bad apples among the bunch and the need to have a better communication to catch them faster . 
  thats also my takeaway from this . 
  its good that this guy was caught but he could have been caught faster with better cooperation in europe . 
  the narrative here will still be `` look i told you so many refugees are terrile people , we should sent them all home '' which i find sad . 
  you wouldnt want to move to eastern germany outside of some bigger cities where people tend to be more western anyways . 
  most people accept merkels policys . 
  her own conservative party turned against her a bit and got their asses handed in rp and bw . 
  spd and gr\u00fcne supported merkels policys and won rp and bw . 
  people that were against her policys voted afd which got 10 and 15 in rp and bw . 
  in sa the afd got even more votes because eastern germany hates any kind of migrants . 
  in general you could say that 85 % of germany agree with her policys and 15 % dont . 
  these 15 % can only vote for afd since they are the only party that opposes any refugees in germany . 
  no way , kretschmann will remain head of state for sure . 
  all the parties know that ignoring him for the government would outrage half the state . 
  its either greens + cdu or greens + spd + fdp ( if that is enough ), 
  it doesnt even matter who you vote for but it is blatantly obvious and every party has made it clears that they would not let afd participate in the government . 
  so what he said is 100 % true , they will for sure be isolated . 
  it would be a disaster for them too . 
  they have zero competence to govern anything . 
  people would very rapidly see through that and not vote for them a second time . 
  also people that normally wouldnt vote actually went to vote this time . 
  havent experienced that before but this time all my friends urged everyone to go vote just so the afd cant get more % . 
  its actually kind of funny because before noone agreed on anything ( some voting spd , some cdu , some greens , one fdp guy ) but this time everyone seemed to agree that every vote is fine as long as it isnt afd . 
  pretty much the places with less foreigners ( eastern germany ) vote much more polarized . 
  far right `` afd '' and far left `` die linke '' get much more here than in western germany . 
  it still felt like she was backstabbing her and pretty much all the media reported this , regardless of affiliation . 
  id be happy if kl\u00f6ckner now dissappears ( she wont ) and actual intelligent cdu people get to make a spd/cdu coalition in rheinlandpfalz . 
  you are right of course . 
  but then we need labeling of products that use cage eggs . 
  i dont think such a thing exist right now . 
  ive heard pretty much everything you buy which has eggs in it other than the whole eggs itself is pretty much 100 % caged eggs . 
  im pretty sure if there was a required cage eggs label on stuff many people would start buying products without . 
  thats the cage ones . 
  you shouldnt be able to buy them in the eu since 2012 . 
  not sure if it applies to every country though since eu loves exceptions . 
  i agree than keeping them crammed in a barn isnt much better than the cage . 
  thats why you should buy free range eggs . 
  these do absolutely help the animals have a decent life . 
  could it sill be better ? 
  yeah but were getting there one step at a time . 
  banning cages was only the first one . 
  im also a poor student and i get the meat part . 
  im guilty of buying meat at discounters because it is convenient and cheap . 
  i try to eat less meat and buy better one though . 
  eggs i always buy better ones because you really only save 10 cents per egg which is negligible even for my budget . 
  but is bird flu really that big of a problem to justify torturing millions of animals ? 
  by the same logic we could just murder every single deer in the woods since quite often they endanger humans by running in front of their cars . 
  no doubt human safety comes first but there has to be a point where animal rights are worth something . 
  which is why the next step needs to be straight banning keeping chicken in barns just like caged chicken were banned in the eu . 
  free-range eggs are still really cheap so the food industry can just make their products 10cent more and noone is hurt while the chicken have better lives .
