  not sure if this is eu wide but free range chicken in germany have to have something like 5m \u00b2 of outside space . 
  the outside also has to have vegetation and natural soil for them to scratch with their feet . 
  yea bio eggs ( or are they called different elsewhere ) are the best and marked with a `` 0 '' . 
  they cost around 36cent per egg here in germany . 
  in addition to the most space the chicken are only fed bio products . 
  `` 1 '' are free-range eggs . 
  the chicken will still have much more space than depicted here and can have a `` good '' life . 
  they cost around 22 cent per egg here . 
  `` 2 '' is chicken living in a barn with very little space . 
  while its certainly better than a cage there is simply no reason to buy these since they also cost around 15cent and the chicken have a much worse life . 
  so if you are really poor buy the ones with `` 1 '' , otherwise `` 0 '' is still really cheap if you ask me . 
  that last article you linked is really bad . 
  its cherry picking the mediocre stats which arent even bad and ignoring the excellent ones for the most part . 
  most reputable economists would dismiss this as bad . 
  funny enough even the commentator underneath it nicely says so . 
  seems former sowjet countries nowadays would often rather become even bigger shitholes then follow some eu guidelines for a more civilized age . 
  i say let them leave the eu and watch them go to shit . 
  id suggest we start with poland ( biggest recipient of eu money by far ) and hungary . 
  i feel like i wouldnt want to have diplomatic ties to countries behaving like that in the first place . 
  ive never understood this diplomatic immunity bullshit . 
  diplomats should still have to obey the law , how is driving recklessly and their children driving drunk going to make their work easier ? 
  thats sounds so retarded , it might just be what donald trump would suggest . 
  what does one have to do with the other . 
  skilled workers still have a very good chance of getting to work here ? 
  its stated in german media that it was prolongued because of his mental health . 
  its understandable an individual who tried to kill himself 2 times wasnt just flown out to bulgaria immediately ... 
  nevertheless im well aware many are not deported immediately after their request is rejected simply because the logistics are difficult to come by as fast as it would be desireable because a simple `` please leave '' doesnt work , you have to literally sit the person in a bus/plane . 
  he cant refuse it and was about to be deported next month . 
  it is very easy to make simple explosives with legal material and an internet manual . 
  as i understand it his asylum was denied because he had registered in bulgaria and austria before . 
  the same law the right wing was giving germany shit about for not following despite it beeing only to take pressure off of eu border countries . 
  people will complain no matter what ... 
  he was beeing denied asylum because he had registered in bulgaria and austria before . 
  because orban is dismantling the hungarian democracy ? 
  how is that not a bad thing ? 
  erdogan is bad because he is doing it faster but if you do it slow you are allowed a free pass ? 
  i mean we went to the known `` bad '' areas . 
  we were well aware this wouldnt happen on zeil in plain daylight but still no luck . 
  but i also dont want this to become a manual how to get illegal stuff in frankfurt so lets just stop it here :d, 
  i just read 3 of the kosovar victims were 13-15 year olds of the same family . 
  i remembered a guy in the shooting thread on worldnews mentioned he met a woman who said all her kids had been killed . 
  its just speculation but still made a shiver run down my spine . 
  winnenden was 2009 . 
  still agree that our gunlaws are wastly superior, 
  man , i swear as a teenager i couldnt even buy some weed in frankfurt when my friend who grew it at home went on vacation . 
  if you dont know someone that knows someone your stuck asking random people in places where druggies are around and that doesnt work unsuprisingly . 
  ive literally never been asked if i wanted to buy anything illegal living most of my life in frankfurt . 
  this . 
  its unlikely he actually cared about the nazi or islamistic ideology . 
  he was just a depressed boy with an immense hatred for the world which he thought was treating him badly . 
  people are reading a bit too much into his '' i am german '' . 
  he was beeing called a kanake which is a really bad word for a foreigner , he was defending himself here . 
  that doesnt mean this plays any role in his rampage . 
  i would even say it is unlikely . 
  much more likely he was just a social outcast beeing bullied in school with mental disorders ( depression , self hatred ... ) . 
  hearing him on the roof and his obsession with shootings makes him seem exactly like robert steinh\u00e4user from the erfurt school shooting and tim kretschmer from the winnenden school shooting . 
  edit : i misunderstood the shooter . 
  the shooter probably also looks kind of foregin while speaking crystal clear german because the bavarian guy on the balcony calls him a `` kanacke '' which is very derrogatory for a foreigner ( think sandn **** r ) . 
  the `` fuck turks '' is probably from another guy on the balcony . 
  i dont know what you mean , the cricizm of multiculturalism is happening and 10 % of people like the afd . 
  there are also 90 % who dont care about these fear tactics . 
  the `` immigration problems '' are beeing solved , just not the way you would like to . 
  i dont know about you but i am not scared in the slightest because a guy hurt some people with an axe . 
  stuff like this is going to happen but going full retard and proclaiming germany is doomed is definetly not the answer . 
  it takes a special kind of person to use `` good human '' as an insult . 
  if your theory was true german people would also have to be generally pro israel which they are not . 
  in fact most people here are very critical of zionism . 
  as it turns out the holocaust was a long time ago and honestly noone born after 1930 ( hint : prett much everyone ) feels guilty . 
  it is taught to us as kids and we do care about not forgetting about it but other than that noone gives a shit really . 
  people like to pretend that german people are not `` proud '' because we dont feel like running around with flags all the time like us people and such but thats not the case . 
  we are very proud , we just dont like the overly nationalistic stuff . 
  we once had a strong liberal party with more than 10 % votes but nowdays retarded clowns like christian lindner unfortunately ruined it for everyone . 
  still im thankful of everyone voting liberal instead of right wing populist . 
  i kind of disagree . 
  i myself am a voter left of the fdp in germany but they are not that bad . 
  thinking about it im actually pro every party but the afd nowadays . 
  id love to have a spd/greens/fdp coalition in 2017 but i cant see it happening unfortunately . 
  im not sure where you are getting that from . 
  every single stat ive seen on real cost of a kwh in germany has been different , but nuclear has always been topend together with solar with prices varying from 15 up to 60 + cent/kwh depending on what kind of costs were included . 
  nevertheless coal is always a ton cheaper in every way . 
  i dont quite understand what you mean . 
  the energiewende is obviously still happening and nuclear can never outcompete fossils here in germany so likely the same kind of change would have happened , just a lot slower . 
  im not going to go into the nuclear vs fossil fuel argument in germany because its always incredibly tedious and soon enough renewables will make it irrelevant , plus arguments anti-nuclear just get downvoted here anyway . 
  there is however one big reason which everyone seems to ignore when it comes to nuclear beeing phased out faster than coal ( which is also declining btw ) : the support among the population to drop nuclear was there . 
  this could never have happened with coal because no politician could have done a similar thing with coal , not even merkel , not even close . 
  so when criticizing the phasing out of nuclear enegry ask yourself if the massive promotion of renewables at the expense of nuclear enegery is a positive thing in itself rather than harping on coal not getting axed first . 
  im sorry , was just meant to be funny :p, 
  didnt you guys have alexander the great ? 
  see , i know something about macedonia , i do give a shit !, 
  honestly , im as pro eu as it gets but there is also something temping about a western european continental union which could much more easily become a real federation . 
  maybe one day we can have both . 
  its the eu minus estonia , lithuania , latvia , poland , tschechia , slovakia , slovenia , hungary , ( bulgaria , romania ) and kroatia . 
  these are called eu-8 , eu-2 and kroatia and had different treatys concerning freedom of movement until 2011 ( eu-8 ) and 2016 ( eu-2 ) . 
  kroatia still has no freedom of movement afaik . 
  except most of them come from the eu-17 and are highly qualified . 
  unemployment is also very low in switzerland and the immigration rate is declining while emigration is steady from the eu28 ... really switzerland has no point in complaining , its just the old `` dey took arrrr jeeewbs '' right wing populist bullshit . 
  if you live in a free society there are always going to be ways for terrorists to harm people . 
  everything reasonable is already being done here ( and quite successfully in many countries if i may add ) . 
  if you betray all your values to fights terrorists the loss is bigger than anything else and the terrorists win . 
  and in the end countries that chose to crack down hard on anything that might be terrorism related have only made it worse by radicalizing people that didnt even care about it in the first place ( hint : israel ) .
