  i was just reinforcing your point that concentration camps and these death marches were very much acts of genocide as opposed to normal warfare . 
  that party would be the afd before bernd lucke left . 
  it wasnt very successful because it wasnt distinct enough from the cdu . 
  then all the moderate eu - critics and knowledgeable finance people left and it became this populist shitfest we have today . 
  lucke later founded alfa which is kind of what you say germany needs . 
  critical of the eu and for a more regulated immigration and conservative while also being more socially liberal . 
  unfortunately because they are not populist they get very little votes . 
  well that may be your opinion but we dont shoot peple crossing borders since the 1989 fall of the berlin wall . 
  its not worth ending a life over a nonviolent crime in general . 
  also von storch even said that children should be shot if illegally entering . 
  also the caves at the end of these marches were people were burned alive in masses . 
  very much alike the german gaschambers . 
  its not like petry and von storch are any better really . 
  the reasonable people who cared about the real stuggles of the eu and not about stupid populist votegrabs left long ago with bernd lucke . 
  `` muslims are destroying our liberal values !!! '' . 
  turns out they want to do it themselves . 
  and as always they dont even have the balls to stand behind their stupid statements ( shoot everyone illegally entering germany , noone wants to have boateng as a neighboor ) . 
  instead everyone understood wrong and media are the bad guys ... sigh ... 
  see , this is why we cant have real discussions . 
  literally noone is proposing to do what you just said . 
  its just a bunch of lies and exaggerations . 
  its the same as if i said `` everyone who disagrees with taking in every single refugee wants to put them in a camp and murder them systematically '' . 
  straight lying to make a point is not helping at all . 
  who decides what anything is ? 
  sure we could just allow any kind of spech ( which no country does , there are libel laws everywhere ) but if we dont someone has to draw the line somewhere . 
  different countries have different laws on what constitutes illegal hatespeech and the eu has to find a consensus here . 
  and to add to this , since they are from pakistan they are very likely to not be allowed to stay anyway , less than 10 % get accepted . 
  funniest thing is he now responded to news reporting this by saying he didnt want to insult boateng in particular . 
  no shit , hes just saying people dont want darker skinned people as their neighboors , even if they are world class athletes and millionaires . 
  it doesnt get any more stupid . 
  and its not just some rogue member , its their vice-chef ... 
  me and my girlfriend are still debating where to go on vacation this summer and turkey , despite being a beautiful country , was ruled out because we dont want to support the regime . 
  were not scared of bombing but there are plenty of other beautiful countries we would rather support . 
  what ? 
  if you followed everything youd see how she deserves it as she was just advocating populist bullshit just like the far right . 
  moral of the story is populism is bad , regardless of it being left or right . 
  pretty much this . 
  noone gains anything from an ama where the majority of the subreddit is very hostile . 
  the mp wastes her time and other politicians will be even less interested on reddit as a whole . 
  the people asking the questions will not gain any new insight , they have made up their mind long ago . 
  why ? 
  doesnt seem like ukrainian politics are doing too well . 
  wouldnt it be good to have a strong personality people could get behind ? 
  or are her views that bad ? 
  please dont do it on this subreddit . 
  i dont need to tell you guys why , its going to be a shitshow . 
  you can call it however you want . 
  far-right are now called conservatives and conservatives are now leftist while there are no more far right parties . 
  that changes literally nothing of what ive just written . 
  but acknowledging unreasonable people legitimizes them . 
  the right decision is to recognize the problems and work on them but ignore the populists offering supposedly easy solutions . 
  what about the caves with all the skeletons that numerous archeologists found ? 
  or the hundreds of eyewitness reports of the mass burning in these caves ? 
  there really is no controversity weather these things took place among historians . 
  getting turkish historians involved would only legitimize the illusion that its a disputed `` theory '' which it absolutely isnt . 
  it would be like finding a definitive truth if climate change is real by making 5 climatologists and 5 climate change deniers state their opinions . 
  come on guys , will you fuck off with these stupid news ? 
  i know its cool to try and drive your agenda that germany is going to shit but 2 girls get molested on a street festival and thats news for / r/europe ? 
  thats hardly even german news , its just local . 
  it even states that the attackers where of turkish descent ( likely of german nationality ) so it doesnt even have to do with refugees . 
  this has been talked about for a long time here . 
  tldr is : csu wont split away from cdu because they would have no chance on a country wide level and possibly endanger their already dwindling majority in bavaria . 
  they threaten to have a better position when arguing but will never follow through . 
  so was i. 
  coming from the rhein/main region , frankfurt and mainz feel quite a bit more expensive . 
   white people always need someone to hate i guess . 
  lol . 
  what ? 
  ive never seen a single white guy here make an antisemitic remark . 
  it doesnt even come up since there are so few jewish people here . 
  the same could be said about poland , czechia , slovakia , hungary ... 
  its pretty much eastern europe as a whole outside of the core . 
  kroatia gets a little closer because its a holiday destination ... 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_recognition_of_kosovo#/media/file:countriesrecognizingkosovo.png i dont know man , that seems pretty fucking recognized to me . 
  but coming from a serb it is unsuprising . 
  hilarious that the guy actually read the poem in the bundestag . 
  he was trying to make a point that it was actually insulting and degrading essentially doing the exact same that b\u00f6hmermann did on his show : read the poem under the pretence that it is illegal , just reading it to show that it is illegal , not actually meaning it . 
  therefore should b\u00f6hmermann be guilty this cdu idiot should be aswell . 
  the context is him saying that saying these things would be illegal over and over again , several times during the poem and the whole segment around what you arent allowed to say . 
  saying that the holocaust didnt happen would be illegal here too , but not saying that the following poem would be illegal : `` the holocaust didnt happen '' . 
  you obviously have to be able to talk about what is legal and what isnt , otherwise how would you even know what is ? 
  in addition the whole thing was clearly satire since it was a comedy program . 
  there will be no punishment for b\u00f6hmermann . 
  there may be punishment for idiots that go out there and simply quote the poem since then its not visibly satire but `` schm\u00e4hkritik '' . 
  its mostly just idiots making threats on facebook because its so easy to do anonymoulsly . 
  i mean , the `` grey wolves '' ? 
  they are off by like 3 decades and their threats ridiculous . 
  i think its `` urban burgery '' . 
  the poem itself is but in the context b\u00f6hmermann presented it , it isnt . 
  then why did he quit stating that he had insufficient backing from his party ? 
  it seems exactly the opposite made him resign though . 
  his party hated him for caving in to conservative pressure . 
  we have cem \u00d6zdemir as head of the green party who is also a muslim of turkish decent . 
  im pretty sure has has said similar things ( less harsh ) . 
  hes also a critic or erdogan and did fight to get the armenian genocide recognized by turkey . 
  lets hope that doesnt happen again ! ... oh ... . 
  it gets even better . 
  all the top links are some studies about italians beeing the best lovers . 
  so really it should be `` italins are the best lovers '', 
  im guessing it has to do with the whole `` xxx is not skandinavia '' thing in internet discussions .
