  merkel may have similar thoughts but she wouldnt say something as undiplomatic as this so it definetly is not `` speaking on her behalf '' . 
  she is trying to stay close to the uk and their leaders and that may be better than just punishing them for the referendum by suggesting to be in favor of a breakup of the uk . 
  petty feelings of revenge are not what made the eu possible in the first place . 
  also we made most of them go home despite there beeing little to no problems with them . 
  you might say thats the point of refugees , stay only till the war is over then leave . 
  but many were here nearly 10 ears . 
  children who had grown up in germany and were perfecly capable to become awesome german citizens and the likes were sent home to countries still devastated by war . 
  and again i waste 5 minuten of my life to read retarded racist bullshit . 
  someday you will realise your failiure isnt because of you skincolor but because of your mind . 
  not you jinxed it, 
  thats what i was trying to say . 
  its far from perfect as a show but its pretty much the best it can be while also being entertaining enough to keep apolitical watchers captivated and maybe even get them to care a bit . 
  if you are looking to get a thorough analysis you are better of watching newschannels obviously . 
  i wasnt pro euro when it got introduced . 
  it was a mess to get used to it . 
  but now i really love it . 
  its just so damn convenient traveling half of europe without having to worry about exchanging money . 
  sure plastic money will be enough most of the time but i still find it extremely convenient . 
  except its probably more likely for the eu to get even closer without the uk beeing a part of it and having a vote on its matters . 
  sure you can then do what you want and not bother with it but chances are you will still have to play by an increasing number of the eus rules . 
  have you seen his interview with ed snowden ? 
  the part about snowden relating everything to dickpics best describes olivers show as a whole . 
  it always centers around beeing entertaining and funny first , otherwise people wouldnt watch it in the first place . 
  its basically as accurate as it can be while beeing maximally entertaining for people who switch the channel if they have to hear about something serious for more than 10secs at a time . 
  talking about the complex political situation the uk is in is boring , but hearing nigel farrage be a massive cunt is entertaining and its also kind of relevant for the whole thing . 
  how about this : germany pays much more and we would pay even more because it is peanuts compared to the benefits we gain , even if you only care about finances . 
  you dont need to be a economist to understand the benefits of trade that countries like the uk and germany get . 
  lets still ignore the benefits of helping fellow europeans and take it one step further : a stronger economy in financially weaker europeans countries helped with eu money in turn helps again due to higher exports and such . 
  even if poland has some similar policies , last time i checked the distrust of russians and especially the russian government is pretty strong in poland so its not that likely in the near future . 
  i just checked some stats and last year 80 % of polish people had a unfavorable opinion of russia , more than any other country on earth . 
  sometimes things just fall together . 
  / r/conspiracy doesnt have to be a nazi - shitfest but it is . 
  thats just bullshit . 
  appeasement vs muskle flexing are just two different ways to ensure peace . 
  neither is straight better and both have historically failed plenty of times . 
  suggesting that by doing one of these you are trying to sabotage europe is ludicrous to say the least . 
  also : russia does know that nato military is stronger by a very large margin . 
  showing it off is simply not necessary . 
  i like the name `` united states of europe '' . 
  just the thought of it makes me want to set up a flag for it . 
  it could be blue and have a bunch of yellow stars !, 
  how did the guy even get a weapon in britain ? 
  isnt that supposed to be pretty impossible ? 
  but young `` progressives '' are also pro - refugees which this sub is definetly not . 
   french bread is better than german bread !, 
  there is a special hell for people like you . 
  nah i just dont like people who hate other people just because they have a different religion or skincolor . 
  its called `` being a decent human beeing '' , you should try it sometime . 
  just fuck off mate . 
  there are plenty of subreddits to share with fellow xenophobes . 
  i see you already found r/edefreiheit , just stay there . 
  maybe they just have a lot of morbid curiosity about what will happen if the uk leaves . 
  i know i kind of have some . 
  k . some people cant leave the past behind . 
  yeah , for the most part people move between german cities and austrian cities like they would between two german cities . 
  i have family members who also moved to switzerland and its not a big deal . 
  moving to france would feel like a much bigger step . 
  i guess we have some kind of `` germanosphere '' similar to the anglosphere . 
  language is still the key part . 
  recently . 
  in the big picture it has to be austria . 
  we might not be superbros politically right now but were basically the same people when it comes to cultural stuff . 
  those damn economic migrants, 
  nice . 
  romanians and bulgarians hurry up and move here instead while we have no cap . 
  fun fact : since 2012 the most doctors immigrated from romania !, 
  these damn poverty immigrants !, 
   i know that muslims are more exotic , interesting and not so bad and you want to show us that the white untermensch peasants to the east are just as horrible , but it 's just not working . 
  dude , are you ok ? 
  you seem to be suffering from severe paranoia . 
  http://www.tagesspiegel.de/politik/studie-ueber-muslime-und-islam-in-deutschland-angst-vor-dem-islam/11204400.html thats the one i was referring to . 
  there was a question about `` do you support gay marriage '' . 
  i also didnt say anything about countries with a muslim majority . 
  all i said was that muslims in germany are likely more socially liberal than people of different religions in some parts eastern europe . 
  no it wasnt . 
  i have only a german source since as i mentioned this survey was done only in germany but the question was `` bef\u00fcrworten sie die gleichgeschlechtliche ehe '' which means `` do you support gay marriage ? '' . 
  there were also no lies about eastern europe , the poster above me linked you to the source of his claims concerning poland . 
  funnily enough i remember a recent survey among german muslims and well above 50 % were in favor of gay marriage , nearly reaching the ~ 70 % of overall germans in favor . 
  the average german muslim is therefore more accepting of homosexuals than the average pole . 
  kind of weird when you think about how afraid we are about our `` liberal values '' beeing destroyed by islam while big parts of europe dont care about them to begin with . 
  i dont think a single british `` leave '' voter will read the spiegel or any german media for that matter . 
  its translated but still this is a story for germans by germans , no intent to convince anyone to stay . 
  too bad its utter bullshit . 
  i dunno man , im pretty content with these points in germany . 
  its actually very likely gdp ( ppp ) per capita in romania will be higher than in hungary in a few years . 
  projected growth in the next years seems very good for romania . 
  what ? 
  he is the establishment . 
  let me guess : you are an american enlightned by donald trump about whats happening in europe ? 
  also because stuff like this happened quite often and most of the times the guards didnt shoot . 
  its hard to justify shooting a fleeing person for yourself , no matter what orders you have . 
  still , many were killed . 
  i agree with you . 
  i do think the eu helps both eastern and western europe and there is noone simply `` leeching '' . 
  i just wish people had the same kind of empathy for refugees fleeing from war that they have for european fellows . 
  syrians are still not people living far away on the moon with whom we have nothing to do . 
  hell , my last vacation to tenerife was farther away then syria . 
  german far right parties are still very much anti-eastern european immigration though . 
  so id agree than 95 % of western germans see eastern europeans as equals but much less eastern germans . 
  im not sure i understand what you mean .
