you 've hit their weakness ... reasoned arguments . 
  maybe if they had checks and balances on money flowing through their country then they would n't be in this mess . 
  it was cool when they were receiving all that eu money though right ? 
  real life has consequences kiddo . 
  why would i hate them ? 
  and why would i be a poor bastard if i did ? 
  your mask is slipping . 
   i guess you also support another independence referendum on ireland on where british , welsh and scotlands can vote too , right ? 
  because that 's what you are defending here ... no i \u00b4 m not arguing that , they are not comparable situations your country has a rule of law governing self determination to be approved by all spaniards . 
  britain does not . 
  also we never held a referendum we fought for independence and won it . 
  little different would n't you say . 
  if we did this today we would not expect the eu or any other modern democracy to be waiting with open arms and alms . 
  it may interest you to know that in northern ireland there exists a possibility for them to join the republic of ireland through referendum whenever they choose which was agreed between the irish government and the uk government . 
  this was achieved through dialogue with the national governments not posturing and cock shouting in the international press . 
  the oppression is off the charts !, 
  well this makes me feel better [ how green was my surname ; via ireland , a chapter in the story of black america ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2003/03/17/nyregion/how-green-was-my-surname-via-ireland-a-chapter-in-the-story-of-black-america.html?pagewanted=all&amp;src=pm ), 
  johan uses a patronymic systemson, 
  why is one option \u00a8 other \u00a8 when its only france that has that colour ? 
  do they not know how to explain martin ? 
  while that would be awesome , there is a possibility that his ancestors were slaves who would sometimes be given their masters surname or forced to choose a western sounding name . 
  damn, 
   that right should n't depend on the will of the actual country , maybe if spain was considered a rogue state or an authoritarian dictatorship by the rest of the eu , but trying to force through a referendum in a modern democracy actually goes against all of the principals of the rest of the eu . 
  the avenue for catalonian separatism is through the spanish government ( no matter how hard it is ) , there is no other option where the eu will accept it . 
  obviously that was n't his point ... 
   the catalan state is within the spanish state underneath the authority of the spanish government , you ca n't just claim unilateral independence without any reason , \u00a8 because , we want to \u00a8 is n't valid ... 
  if things are to change in spain all spaniards should have a say but catalonians do n't want this , unfortunately for them the law says \u00a8 tough shit \u00a8 . 
  so far though the catalans have been hard at work inventing reasons for the international press . 
  scotland is a different case because britain has no constitution and scotland has always had the ability to call a referendum from the beginning of the united kingdom . 
  it is not some breakaway state inside britain , for all intents and purposes it is its own country within a union . 
  catalonia is just a region . 
  he \u00b4 s still thinking in a \u00a8 country \u00a8 frame of mind . 
  the european project is bigger than that . 
  the great european politician exchange ? 
  every country is run by another countries elected officials . 
  bagsy not greece !, 
  vassal status available at request ... 
  exactly , catalan president is looking for some reaction here so he can go cry to international press . 
  the reality is rajoy will just say its unconstitutional ( which it is ) and go about business . 
   closed door concessions it \u00b4 s not that important . 
  more than likely the tory spin doctors realigned government position on a non contentious issue to save face . 
  better than war i suppose . 
  i guess i \u00b4 ll be having the rioja tonight ... 
  it \u00b4 s not your first attempt , catalan self-determination referendum , 2014 [ estimates for the turnout as published by the news media ranged from 37.0 % , as given in the economist and el pa\u00eds among others , to 41.6 % as per the catalan government 's preliminary data . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_self-determination_referendum,_2014 ), 
  nope , it will not be a high turn out and will be inconclusive even if yes wins . 
  [ sounds pretty moany to me ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-39812626 ) , with a tinge of [ conspiracy ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/david-davis-accuses-jean-claude-juncker-of-trying-to-get-him-sacked/ ), 
  * a government patrol unit has been dispatched . 
  and it has caused more pollution than ireland could ever dream of ... 
  nothing but hot air , like a fart in the sahara . 
  are we going on a trip ? 
   so what will happen if they vote to secede ? 
  nothing , nothing will happen . 
  politicians will pontificate & life will chug on until the next faux referendum in 2 years . 
  the north korea strategy if you will . 
  the anglosphere just hates the planet , do n't they . 
  exactly . 
  i understand the implicit negative politics of military & policing cooperation but european allies ( not just eu ) need to be open and free with each other . 
  despite differeing politics we all share this continent and it is in all of our interest to protect it . 
  translation : we need your counter-terrorism intel . 
  sarcastic comment aside , this is good news . 
  despite brexit our unity should still be strong in every other capacity . 
   fool , i 'm european . 
  you \u00b4 re damn right . 
  it is painfully obvious we need to integrate further . 
  the big powers are consolidating to shore up their influence in the world economy , we should be doing the same . 
   it 's his personal opinion , let him be happy with that . 
  i ca n't argue with that . 
  why are you oppressing them !, 
  yellowness ... 
   why is it that the board of directors is mostly made up of germans ? 
  maybe just maybe they are the most qualified ? 
  they only show up when a right wing politician or russia is in the news . 
  the eu has no interest in private conversations . 
  only hate speech in public conversations . 
  may wants to see what you said in private communications . 
   us sos secretary of sorries, 
  ah ok , i just get particularly annoyed by this topic . 
  easily preventable tragedies due to self righteous idiocy just melt my brain . 
  the tories losing their majority would be fucking amazing . 
  another blusteringly barmy brexit based blunder . 
  hear hear, 
  circumcisions for all !!!, 
  as god intended ... 
  my analogy is sound , some terrorists do n't believe they are harming society either , in their view they \u00b4 re cleansing it . 
  these parents are basically incubating biological bombs that they * knowingly * introduce into society and contact with other children without feeling the need to tell the other parents . 
  regardless of what these parents think or believe these are the facts . 
  thousands of years of medical discovery and achievement in prolonging life , and these fuckwits think they have the right to ignore it at their discretion . 
  hardly a secret when everyone is discussing it . . 
  the euro !, 
  also known as the \u00a8 zombie currency \u00a8 on account of it being simultaniously dead and in widespread circulation . 
  vaccines are important for our societies health . 
  it \u00b4 s well documented that by not inoculating everyone , diseases will come back ( maybe even stronger ) and kill many . 
  to decide that your child does n't need something that everyone has agreed on is selfishly stupid . 
  it is no different than a terrorist deciding to blow up people because in their version of reality it is right . 
  tldr : vaccines only work if everyone takes it . 
  idiot parents are harming society by refusing them . 
  that 's because they will make it look like something else to sell it to the plebs . 
  business as usual, 
  macron is teaching some nice lessons in humility here that trump is too stupid to take in .
