heres my tip : dont . 
  the alcohol is usually expensive anywhere but up north , on fridays ( or saturdays ? ), 
  they are usually full of 30-45 year old women clubbing . 
  if you 're by yourself just drink it at home tbh , its cheaper and you wont have to see anyone you dislike . 
  i want them but where i live people think you will end up being a serial murderer if you even have a swiss army knife ... 
  this , still banned from / r/unitedkingdom for being a `` heartless tory '' . 
  its a fucking dumb socialist run subreddit and most of its users arent old enough to even fucking vote for their beloved comrade corbyn, 
  barack obama will only have about 3 months of presidency if the uk leaves the eu , and trump has said when he is president he will get rid of all obamas executive orders, 
  hardly half of britain then ... 
  i do not understand these surveys . 
  they didnt ask me , or anyone in my family , how can they be sure ? 
  are they asking certain places ? 
  because we all know if you ask croydon or medway , they would support it , but places like small yorkshire villages certainly wont, 
  have to bend over to be fucked over by a shitty muslim president and look good in front of amnesty international !, 
  dont bother arguing with him , its paperkattv , defender of children looking up to isis and valiantly standing by his eu flag because thats what is the `` right thing '' in his shithole of swedi arabia . 
  `` y-youre a right winger !, 
  youre the bad guy !, 
  im not gon na listen to what you have to say youre an evil bigot meanie ! '', 
  oh you make me laugh , dont you have a bull to prep carl ? 
  well once youre done sucking off tyrone , feel free to give me an actual arguement in favour of defending children looking up to isis . 
  `` you arent as smart as myself ! '', 
  ahh the hypocrisy of the left , standing up and fighting oh so valiantly for the underprivileged then using the underprivileged as an insult . 
  says the guy defending children supporting isis . 
  i didnt know they let you have reddit whilst attending eu meetings there angela, 
  so youre defending children looking up to isis because its their view ? 
  and an eu flag flair too , only way it could be better is if it was germany or sweden lol, 
  and its also too easy to have people join the eu ( especially when theyre an ethnic minority , letting loads of them in impresses amnesty international ) and once theyre in any eu country , they can go to the rest except the uk, 
  this , a while back before the general election i liked the liberal democrats ( center left party ) and was called a heartless tory for it . 
  literally unless youre some edgy `` its not a phase mum ! '', 
  communist teenager who thinks theyre a genius then they will hate you . 
  but , why ? 
  isnt there better things to spend taxpayers money on ? 
  or if its limited to roads they could fix stuff like potholes ? 
  this just seems silly, 
  rich daddys children . 
  why am i not surprised , and they cant even go a sentence without saying the word `` like '', 
  i dont care what theyre going to protest , theres no stopping people protesting . 
  i care when countries own veterans are being locked up behind bars just because a few puffs in suits want to impress mrs merkel when she arrives . 
  and are he illegal weapons even bad ? 
  because i assure you illegal weapons can range anything from a type of knife that is banned because it looks menacing to a nuke in every country in europe . 
  besides he didnt even have them , the other few people did, 
  own high ranking war veterans being arrested in their country they fought for , all in the name of `` multiculturism '' and `` tolerance '', 
  remember when we said `` cyber police '' and laughed ? 
  just fuck my country up fam . 
  thanks merkel and hollande, 
  show me a better empire than the queens one, 
  i think you have the wrong subreddit , this is the europe subreddit , not the unitedkingdom subreddit of sucking off jeremy corbyn, 
  but certainly not springing to action against ... well ... 
  `` a persons sex isnt relevant on forms '' if two people have the same name and are different genders it makes it a lot easier to distinguish them . 
  rather than not having it on there to make some stupid persons insecure feelings feel a bit better . 
  not that these people use passports or go anywhere ... 
  and then threatened to murder people investigating it . 
  innocent or not threatening to murder people who are finding it if you 're innocent is a bloody stupid thing to do, 
  either way , threatening to kill due to the incident does incite suspicion , if i hadnt done anything wrong i wouldnt go around threatening to kill the people investigating if i had done something wrong, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nigel_farage#injury_in_air_crash if that link doesnt work , scroll down to injury in air crash, 
  btw anyone who says `` why would anyone assassinate him ? '', 
  this isnt the first time this happened . 
  a man was found guilty who was piloting some plane with farage in for purposely crashing it, 
  `` imports trash - sweden '' lol, 
  how come you commented twice on the same post in different subreddits , saying the exact same thing even with the spelling mistake on the word `` how '', 
  1000 people isnt represantitve of all the people they didnt poll . 
  the second one has 1688 people and the third doesnt state , but they certainly didnt come to anyone i knows house and ask them . 
  immigrations a concern for me because already people older than me are unable to find work and crime rates rise with immigration . 
  rip germany , it was fun knowing you . 
  prepare to be shoved in to prisons for `` hate speech '' whilst jamal and ahmed go around scot-free because theyre exempt from being the ones in the wrong . 
  reminds me of nazi germany but run by the left, 
  fuck sake the laws in most of europes countries are bad enough and sort of suck . 
  why worsen it . 
  jesus shit just let me move to america already, 
  but if you arent sending people in , you end up with over 130 dead like last month . 
  if the police have guns they can help deal with the situation faster than leaving time for the bad guys to do whatever whilst the armed police are driving there in their van . 
  if the suspect has a gun they can also kill nearly everyone in that area . 
  letting the suspect escape is a really stupid idea because they could have done so much but you wont send in cops with guns in the chance they trap themselves . 
  screw that , if i was a cop commander i 'd send em in from all sorts of different angles once we had an idea of what we 're dealing with . 
  not have my cops sit ther with their thumbs up their arses waiting for the big boys to take over, 
  `` on their way '' is too long . 
  someone can rob a place with a gun , have cops show up , shoot them when they see the gun and call for armed back up and be driving away whilst the armed police vans still on the way there . 
  more police need to be armed in this country , just made sure they know how and when to use the gun . 
  im out of the loop here , why is brussels on lockdown ? 
  i know the meps meet there but cant they reschedule meetings instead ? 
  i know , but it has to be over a certain length and it sort of ends up like some weird rifle/handgun abomination and does n't retain the nice looks some handguns have, 
  i want a hand gun because theyre my favourite type of gun , and theyre still the most used gun in gun crime so banning them doesnt seem to be stopping much . 
  the same law would still apply on getting them , or maybe even a different license but i dont see why i shouldnt have one because of a shooting that occured 20 years ago and another occuring 30 years ago . 
  disarming a civilians not going to stop a criminal, 
  i cant wait to leave the eu in 2017 . 
  my countries gun laws are restrictive enough as it is . 
  i dont want the only cool gun i can have now to be taken away as well . 
  well ? 
  i said it probably wouldnt work but its just a theory . 
  it could work but it would be very difficult to do . 
  i did n't say `` lets just nuke the middle east lol '', 
  yes , and this might sound dumb but couldnt we just send in loads of planes and completely level everywhere they have , or just evecuate civilians and nuke their ? 
  this probably wouldnt work though, 
  no , but i kind of wish i was, 
  how quickly do you forget your army losing or relying on others to help in the majority of wars theyve fought !, 
  no statistics all of a sudden to back it up hmm ? 
  thats all well and good , but come back when you have statistics for wars the uk has fought and lost since 387bc or some similiar year to the one in your source . 
  then those statistics of yours might mean something, 
  no , but it seems countries like yours are merkels bitch . 
  not only is your country a bitch , its a bitch to merkel .
