  ketchup and sometimes a little bit of mayo too . 
  if i 'm feeling fancy , some cheese and chili . 
  my english boyfriend puts vinegar on his :( ninja edit : we do have a fast food chain back in greece that specialises in just fries with all sorts of toppings , ranging from cheese sauce to pasta sauces , but i 've only seen it in thessaloniki . 
  man , i miss those calorie bombs . 
  no worries . 
  it sounded a bit off in my head , but my bulgarian is rusty . 
  it 's horrible . 
  no parent should bury a child . 
  the uk , london , to be exact . 
  value of millions of quid !, 
  also , live here , so it would be handy . 
  i 'm clutching my pearls in horror !, 
  leave snoop alone !!!!!, 
  that is just unnecessarily adorable . 
  i 've moved here 3 years ago ( getting work at home was already a problem ) , but it was easy for me , having studied in the uk/lived abroad much of my life . 
  now i have friends who would never in a million years consider leaving home actually investigating how too . 
  i understand why , but it 's still depressing . 
  i personally love manouri . 
  it 's a creamy white cheese that looks like feta but has a different texture and nutty flavour . 
  i was ridiculously happy when i found it in london !, 
  graviera cheese is the bomb too , especially cretan graviera . 
  excellent news . 
  if this protects even one vulnerable girl , it 's worth it . 
  you . 
  i like the way you think . 
  well sure , bring logic into this . 
  unfortunately arson happens every year , and it has nothing to do with political protest ( mostly evil fucks looking to exploit the land/your standard pyromaniacs ) . 
  i 'm generally a very socially liberal person and against harsh punishments . 
  but i would like to burn those fuckers alive . 
  i 'd much rather take the habits of my current home of the uk . 
  beer 's nicer . 
  that one 's hilarious . 
  i personally also loved ` jazz music should be less complicated and more austerized ', 
  i got ` all greek people should wear sandals with socks and consider it to be cool . ', 
  i would translate except the mere sight of his face causes me to be violently ill, 
  op explains what she did in this comment : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4hu3v1/map_of_greek_questionsstatements_about_europe/d2sayga, 
  nice one !, 
  i wanted to see greek results but obviously ca n't from the uk . 
  i made roast lamb leg marinated in rosemary , thyme , oregano , olive oil , mustard , orange and lemon . 
  my london friends were suitably impressed ( and stuffed ), 
  i do n't think they 're doing it this year , which is a shame . 
  damn . 
  and i was complaining about a bit of sleet in london . 
  yeah , 340 sent back , over 7000 arrived since the deal . 
  it 's working , move along , nothing to see here ... 
  ... and for some reason they chose to use pictures of refugee kids instead . 
  and what happens when they 're overrun with cats ? 
  i assume it goes unleash needle snakes - - - -  gorillas to deal with needle snakes - - - - -  wait for gorillas to freeze to death, 
  can confirm . 
  source : living in this gloomy wasteland . 
  but hey , any excuse to go to the pub , right ? 
  yeah , that was my thought too . 
  the general public probably ca n't guess her identity but people from her community would . 
  brave woman . 
  that is a massive risk she took , but turning them in and speaking out about it ( yes , she 's of course under protection , but in very real danger ) . 
  someone else breaking the law does n't give you carte blanche for you to break the law . 
  there are ways to deal with illegal crossings that do n't involve opportunistic robbery, 
  or at the very least rob them and beat them , that 's their police 's mo , is n't it ? 
  it 's just that at least in the uk , i can get better quality for a relatively low budget with spanish wine, 
  spanish wine is awesome . 
  i know which side i support in this war . 
  oh , these are awesome , thanks for posting !, 
  but you can have baklava . 
  as long as you save me a piece . 
  i miss it so much . 
  brought a couple of bars with me last time i was home and i made sure to make them last . 
  politics aside , i always found got along a lot more with turks than the rest of our neighbours . 
  i know , was just playing . 
  what , we do n't even get a separate entry ? 
  we thought you were your best enemy , can\u0131m !, 
  oh yes , i definitely engaged in pre-internet phone shenanigans as a teen . 
  often pranks . 
  i get tired by the random calls i receive already ( telemarketers , my gym , annoying distant relatives ) , this would drive me up the wall !, 
  it 'd be kind of funny if it always connected to the same random swede , and that person was sleepless and frazzled after calls from around the world at all hours . 
  there 's a high chance of being shot by a toddler in the us . 
  or at least , higher than being killed by terrorism . 
  acme cartoons could n't have come up with a better solution . 
  because it was windy as fuck . 
  i like this pope . 
  he seems more genuinely christian than any of the recent ones . 
  eh , groups of teenagers are obnoxious , stop the presses !, 
  s/e london , so no good . 
  thanks anyway . 
  honestly , i 've not seen a decent loaf for under # 3.50 . 
  if you have any reconsiderations , i 'd love to hear . 
  sure , if you want to shell out # 4.50 for an ` artisanal ' loaf . 
  there 's overpriced hispter places and then there 's local bakeries outside of zone 2 of very questionable quality . 
  what i want is a normal bakery that sells bread at reasonable prices . 
  why is that so hard ? 
  i 've definitely seen decent bakeries in york . 
  london , why ? 
  i 'm entirely self-taught in english . 
  i already spoke french which helped , but basically as others said , tv , films , music etc. 
  i started buying comic books in english when i was 13 for the simple reason i 'd read the greek translation . 
  eventually also magazines and then books . 
  it helps that the english grammar is a lot more simple than , say , german or greek . 
  i rarely make grammar mistakes in english ( well , going to uni in the uk and living here now helps ) , though i 'm stuck with a us accent due to all the media immersion . 
  the only french tourists i 've met in greece were young families with kids , loved up couples and older folk who are obsessed with antiquities . 
  none of those were in any way obnoxious . 
  46,000 today .
