  i 'm disappointed but not surprised . 
  the suggestion of a single ghetto/prison camp of 50000 at the centre of athens was beyond ridiculous . 
  i really like tunnel bear . 
  very reliable, 
  this is beyond disgusting . 
  what the fuck is happening in russia ? 
  i agree , just saying why the whole thing leaves a bad taste in my mouth . 
  yeah , but if she was a cute toddler they would n't ask that , would they ? 
  yep !, 
  absolutely awesome beaches , would recommend . 
  ... [ no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elafonisos ) . 
  only been there once , for a couple of hours , and i absolutely loved it . 
  damn , between this and my memories of elafonisos , i really want to visit laconia again ... 
  ** stifado - greek meat stew ** you can find a lot of recipes for it , with various meats . 
  i 'll share my mum 's rabbit stifado recipe . 
  it 's a bit labour intensive so you can always google something simpler , but the one time i made it it turned out awesome . 
  1 rabbit ( quartered ) 1 small cup olive oil 1 large onion thinly chopped 1\u00a01/2 kg small pearl onions 1 small glass red wine 1 tin chopped tomatoes 3 bay leaves 3-4 gloves crushed garlic 1 cinamon stick a bit of all spice a couple of cloves fresh rosemary a cup of water salt and pepper marinade : 1/2 cup red wine 1/2 cup vinegar 2 tbsp olive oil 3 bay leaves 3-4 gloves 1 cinnamon stick chopped into pieces rinse the rabbit pieces and pat dry . 
  put in a bowl with the marinade ( making sure it goes everywhere ) , cover and put in the fridge overnight . 
  the next day take rabbit off marinade , pat dry . 
  in a large pan heat olive oil and saut\u00e9 rabbit and onions ( turning on all sides ) for 5-6 minutes until pink . 
  put out with wine . 
  add all ingredients and once it boils , turn heat down and cook about 1hr or until soft . 
  you can serve with whatever you like , although greek chylopites ( egg pasta ) or orzo ( another funny shaped pasta ) is enjoyable . 
  pardon any funny wording , just translated the whole lot from greek . 
  they 've risen by a third , they were just low to begin with . 
  not if i do first !, 
  poor love !, 
  the people who did this should be drawn and quartered . 
  hope she finds a loving home . 
  not sure how it works for other countries , but in greece you could apply through the ministry of foreign affairs ( ... i think ? 
  it 's been years ) . 
  for the record , it was n't paid work , they just covered travel and expenses . 
  great experience though , would recommend . 
  yeah , i was under the impression they 'd be crunchy . 
  definitely wan na try them now . 
  i suppose it makes sense in a ` give it your all ' principle . 
  dunno , personally i prefer incompetent/idiotic criminal scum to the alternative . 
  i 'd be tempted to try them , even just once . 
  just because the concept might sound bizarre does n't mean they do n't have nutritional value/potentially ok flavour . 
  funny story , i went to one of the elections as an observer with the osce . 
  at the time , it was mostly an excuse to hang out with people with other countries , have an excuse to go somewhere i would never otherwise , and drink lots of cheap vodka , but i remember the group organisers commenting on the elections definitely being sketchy . 
  fun fact : we had a kgb tail . 
  apparently it 's still a thing in belarus . 
  i was mostly amused at the idea of them tailing our group leaders , which were an a polish man and american woman in their sixties . 
  ` yes , reporting , reporting : they are looking at old traditional houses . 
  again . ', 
  the internet tells me it 's sunny back home in athens . 
  of course , since i live in london , it 's been rain , rain , rain !, 
  except this morning the weather decided to let up . 
  [ view from my window ] ( http://imgur.com/bpnslsi ), 
  my local rock bar had an event a couple of years back . 
  some people went all out and i 'd say the majority was well past student age . 
  but yeah , it 's still very much a niche thing . 
  that 's what we 've been calling it in greece for ages !, 
  i firmly believe some of them do hate us . 
  some bavarian minister was in greece recently and apparently when a reporter got to close he snapped at him ` do n't touch me you filthy greek ' . 
  you got it back . 
  i meant with the regular refugee flows . 
  shame !, 
  crap , should n't speed read . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  the fact it was in harlow [ makes the odds pretty good ... ] ( http://www.ilivehere.co.uk/harrow.html ) edit : i ca n't read apparently, 
  bot reminded me it 's behind a paywall , so here 's the text : turkish judge seeks asylum in greece 16th person to claim asylum in greece on the grounds of persecution by the turkish government by nektaria stamouli aug. 30 , 2016 10:17 a.m. 
  et 0 comments athens -- a turkish judge arrived on the greek island of chios tuesday morning requesting political asylum , according to senior greek officials , as greece confronts the spillover of turkey 's mid-july failed coup attempt . 
  the 48-year old judge landed on the aegean island in a boat with a group of migrants and refugees , officials said . 
  he has been charged with illegal entry into greece , and is expected to formally file for political asylum , according to the officials . 
  the judge is the 16th person to claim asylum in greece on the grounds of persecution by the turkish government . 
  last week , a couple , both university professors , and their two children arrived in the northern city of alexandroupolis , close to the turkish border , while three people who said they were turkish businessmen landed on the southeastern aegean island of rhodes , all requesting asylum in greece . 
  on july 16 , the morning after the failed coup attempt , eight turkish officers who had supported the coup fled to greece requesting asylum . 
  turkey 's government has requested the rapid extradition of the men it has described as `` traitors '' to face charges of trying to overthrow the democratic constitution . 
  the eight officers , who hold ranks up to that of major , say they fear for their lives if they are returned to turkey . 
  they are held in athens and they are currently in the process of asylum hearings . 
  greek officials say they have to let their politically independent judicial system weigh the claims . 
  but the government is worried the case will worsen its already prickly relations with its bigger neighbor . 
  the countries , both north atlantic treaty organization members , have longstanding tensions over territorial disputes . 
  i do n't have a source or anything , but i check twitter daily on the refugee crisis and i 'm not aware of the rest of the refugees facing those charges . 
  whether it 's logistics ( there are only 16 turks claiming asylum whereas there are nearly 60,000 refugees currently in greece ) or politics ( because of historically tense greece-turkey relations ) i ca n't tell you . 
  a more detailed english language article : http://www.wsj.com/articles/turkish-judge-seeks-asylum-in-greece-1472566627, 
  i 've lived in some semi-sketchy areas in the uk , and no group makes me more nervous than groups of tracksuit-clad teens . 
  completely unpredictable , feral little shits . 
  huh , not heard of the jilbab before . 
  til, 
  good post , but one nitpick :  you still can wear a veil , a niqab or a chador for exemple as long as your face is n't hidden . 
  [ the niqab covers the face ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/newsround/24118241 ), 
  afaik at least some of their claims were heard before the courts but no decision has been made yet . 
  did my best to fix the google autotranslate : ' a 50 year old turkish judge , accused by a statement by erdogan , persecuted ( by his own statement ) by erdogan 's government was with six refugees and migrants rescued by the chios coastgard around 6 am tuesday , august 30 , 2016 , in the st. helena area . 
  the executives of the port authority of chios , according to astraparis.gr information , verified beyond doubt the identity and status of the turkish national . 
  the turkish judge , who asked the coast guard officials for political asylum , is currently ( shortly after one in the afternoon ) at the chios district attorney 's office for illegal entry into the country , while the prosecution will decide on the asylum application and will probably refer it to the relevant authorities in athens ' . 
  i 'm frankly surprised this has n't happened sooner . 
  but outside your imagination ? 
  great , because this year has n't had enough horrible/strange news . 
  can anyone tell me something good that happened in 2016 ? 
  aside from the pokemongo game ? 
  this looks really bad . 
  stay safe , italians !, 
  oh , just a terrible pun with fyrom . 
  it 's not the comment , it 's making a joke when people have actually died . 
  really dude ? 
  it 's already down, 
  stay safe , neighbours :(,
