i 'm guessing the rising obesity rates play a part . 
  do n't know , am enjoying the daytime drinking . 
  though currently on holiday back home and the rest of the bar/caf \u00e9 is staring at me and my boyfriend like we 're alcoholics . 
  my thought too . 
  no more half measures !, 
  ... you go first though . 
  good lord . 
  stop ` helping ', 
  wo n't be long until the racists fill this thread with screams about ` europe collapsing ' and ` should have let them drown ' . 
  woah . 
  looks positively otherworldly . 
  that brought a smile to my face , thanks for posting . 
  i make a point to never read those , for sanity and to avoid feeling like i want a meteor to wipe out humanity . 
  good to know some people still remember their humanity . 
  thanks for posting . 
  omitted : the shower sex scenes between watching each other work out and dinner and tea . 
  would you even say it 's ... the final solution ? 
  fucking nazis everywhere in this sub, 
  the fact they 're in parliament at all is a disgrace , but them coming into power is a joke / far right wet dream . 
  well , you 'll still be able to buy bottles to take away , so that 's something . 
  and i had a nice time . 
  though my head would disagree . 
  it 's the last weekend the kernel tap room will be open . 
  but yes , plan to have fun !, 
  was it meantime brewery ? 
  that 's a bit out of our route . 
  if you like your fancy beers check out brew by numbers next time you 're in london . 
  i 'm about to go on a brewery tour in london 's bermondsey mile with my boyfriend and about 20 more people . 
  spending the day drinking craft beer sounds about the perfect way to kick off a bank holiday weekend . 
  ... fuck , i 've been in the uk that long . 
  even looked at the weather forecast of ' 20c , cloudy ' and thought that 's it 's not too bad ... 
  i like it , but do n't have it that often . 
  probably for the best , since i like to combine it with nutella , and that 's a calorie bomb that should be a raaaaaare treat . 
  ... and then she will meet a handsome but cold millionaire and he will awaken her inner goddess through bdsm . 
  we 're writing shitty fiction , right ? 
  just to address some of the accusations of mixing up the government branches , the reason a caretaker pm is chosen from the the judicial branch rather than the executive/legislative is impartiality . 
  it 's a caretaker government . 
  the constitution requires they come from the highest courts , i believe precisely because of judicial independence . 
  it 's not like she 'll be making policy . 
  i did a double take when i saw the name as i was concerned about resurrected zombie dictators . 
  any particular reason you 're posting a 5 year old story ? 
  i 'm referring to right now , as in that makes them the current third party , which constitutionally needs to be asked to attempt to form a government before we go to elections ( otherwise it would have been gd ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's winding you up . 
  the ones near the turkish coasts . 
  they wo n't land in the cyclades or ionian islands, 
  honestly ? 
  i follow news/analysis/commentators obsessively , and i can only say i have no idea . 
  well , on the upside that makes them the third party in parliament which means we 'll be spared the absurdity of golden dawn being asked to try to form a government . 
  samaras is leading nd ? 
  damn , someone better tell meimarakis . 
  i 'm waiting for the train to work safe in the knowledge it 's friday . 
  after days/weeks in a row of the british summer , london is getting a gloriously sunny day tomorrow . 
  i 'm heading to the park to charge my solar batteries and possibly see the english boyfriend catch fire . 
  :-p it will have to do until i head to greece in september . 
  i 've been watching all of breaking bad and damn , it 's good . 
  i usually day ` the big fork ' . 
  i also once spent 15 minutes online trying to explain to a young american dude greece was not , in fact , an island . 
  he kept insisting he 'd ` seen a map ' even though i tried to explain i in fact lived there . 
  and no , he was n't trolling . 
  i 'm impressed by how polite those words are . 
  most of my bulgarian friends only know ` malaka ' . 
  hm , i 'm really not sure what a pan-european consciousness would entail though . 
  with all the different nationalities/histories/cultures i 'd say europe is too diverse to fall under any sort of rigidly defined umbrella , but i enjoy learning about the ways we 're different . 
  as for discussion , well , i think it 's more the reddit bandwagon tendency more than anything . 
  as well as certain topics currently being talked to death/explicitly banned, 
  well , til !, 
  sounds like a useful word, 
  i 'm sure we 'll be back to the ` what 's the word for x in your language ? ', 
  posts soon . 
  cretans are kind of insane , in the best way . 
  they have awesome food though , and a local booze that will strip your insides out . 
  oops , missed it . 
  i 'm planning to do a short beer trip to belgium at some point so it 's high in the list of my priorities . 
  this does n't even mention the top reason : beer . 
  yeah , as someone massively into craft beer who lives in the uk i was confused . 
  there are 75 breweries in london alone , ffs !, 
  reading your comment made me hungry . 
  and i 'm all the way in london :-(, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  ooh , this looks delicious !, 
  aw , it 's hard to choose . 
  my favourite is having a selection of dishes to share in a taverna , and sharing some house wine ( we have some fancy wines in greece , but authentic taverna experience requires either retsina , cheap house wine or ouzo ) . 
  if i must chose one thing it 'll be [ prawns saganaki ] ( https://whitneywu.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/img_0273.jpg ) because that 's what i 'm craving right now . 
  i could murder some octopus cooked in red wine and vinegar too . 
  i know , it 's why i was asking about the hotel staff . 
  wtf ? 
  were they drunk ? 
  i have a friend who works in social services in the uk . 
  they do not take removing a child from its family lightly . 
  i 'm positive they exhausted all other options . 
  duckling , actually . 
  start typing duck and my phone suggested ` fuck ' . 
  the one time i mean duck !, 
  been in london for over three years and that 's one aspect that baffles me . 
  constant complaining about the weather ? 
  sure , i see why . 
  obsession with queueing ? 
  whatever . 
  sign me up !, 
  but this , this is an abomination .
