  and you really share the face with zoey - mainly the eyes :p, 
  i mostly use quick matching and answer some questions . 
  i cheer people up , who pop up in quick match and seem very interesting , but are n't living near me . 
  i think compliments from strangers , who you are n't able to date , to give them some self-esteem bost are just perfect and help people . 
  but she wants her boyfriend to suck, 
  as a fellow german i chuckled . 
  i tried it for a minute , but had to stop for my ears ' sake . 
  czech republic ? 
  netherlands ? 
  poland ? 
  switzerland ? 
  france ? 
  may you please elaborate the reasoning behind this ? 
  as a male i 'm curious . 
  seems like a keeper !, 
  never knew that homosexuality changes a guy 's appearance . 
  and because of the fact , that def wo n't help you much . 
  eq would still ohko you . 
  you should be tearing up anyway for throwing away tacos . 
  bro , where did you get this facial hair ? 
  i need that . 
  seriously , i 'm about to turn 19 and my facial hair is n't so damn nice . 
  you are very handsome , get a bit older and women will fly at you . 
  next time you see her in a good situation - for instance no friends of her are around - walk up to her and engage a conversation . 
  try to be polite and confident , but make it clear , that you want more than a friendship . 
  if she seems to be interested in talking to you , ask her out . 
  if she is n't , do n't befriend her unless you know , that you can handle being just a friend . 
  as a confirm , i can ginger this . 
  i ( 18m for reference ) can only agree with the others telling you to just talk to him . 
  if he is a nice guy and wants to be with you , he wo n't turn away after you were honest with him . 
  just talk to him , tell him to come with you to a somewhat more private location and try to be upfront . 
  tell him , that it 's hard for you to talk about such topics , so he can understand , if you become a bit hesitant with words . 
  my opinion might be biased , because the circumstances you outlined is similar to the situation i am in ( 16f , just met in high school , being interested in her/making moves ) . 
  i would appreciate , if the one i 'm `` chasing '' tells me about her issues , because it 's not only a must-know , but it also shows that you appreciate him and you are trusting him . 
  an update would be great , 
  quality lightning strike has pierce chance . 
  you only get glassblower 's bauble , if your single flask is either unidentified or white . 
  [ sauce ] ( http://en.pathofexilewiki.com/wiki/vendor_recipes ), 
  you had me at `` my wiffle bat '', 
  why am i able to write ? 
  iron reflexes - blessing or curse ? 
  i 've always wondered how they sleep , but nether bothered to look it up . 
  they look so sweet !, 
  why do n't you just approach her and ask her why she thinks so bad about you . 
  although i 'm no one to judge , if you would try and talk to me like a friend while we clearly do n't like each other ( yet ) , i also would say that you are annoying . 
  the way you told us the circumstances just proves her point . 
  like i said , just directly ask her , why she did n't like you from the start , so you can improve ** for yourself - not for her !, 
  try the following or something similar , if you catch her in a more private situation :, 
  `` hey < name  , i just want to ask you , why you think i 'm annoying . 
  i do n't like it if people think of me wrong . 
  that 's why i want to know , what bothers you about me , so i can improve ( for myself ) ! '', 
  accept whatever she answers , do n't argue with her and please do n't try to talk to her online anymore - if she does n't like you and you are constantly messaging her , it will just prove her point and might let you look like a creep . 
  hope i could help you out and please do n't get me wrong , i , ofcourse , only want to give you helpful advice , 
  i 'm glad , that i could help you . 
  hopefully this advice will bring the best for you , 
  this . 
  exactly this , op !, 
  read it and remember it !, 
  i 'm sorry for you getting downvoted , but that did n't come out right - it sounds way too morbid . 
  are there still demons , who do n't know about sam and dean ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  and when you think you know the weirdest sleep positions , you come across this . 
  this would n't be something for me , i guess , but still congratulations , buddy !, 
  now you are tagged as `` analscrotumsleeper '' . 
  comes very close to the positions i make after browsing ~ ~ the internet ~ ~ reddit for a couple of hours . 
  you did not fuck up . 
  you did what 's right in that situation , but clearly the wallet 's owner was a prick , who deserves getting thieved . 
  how dare you !, 
  whoever does this is a total creep . 
  welcome to the club ... 
  do n't forget : we are n't creeps as long as no one knows , what we do !, 
  this is maybe not what you want :, 
  opera has a built-in email and rss client . 
  i 'm using it for years now without complaining . 
  simple and integrated into my browser . 
  you might want to check it out . 
  she tried to kill my sister . 
  it 's spd and german troops were not sent to fight - just to assist and build new infrastructure . 
  germany was not actively taking part in killing thousands of innocents . 
  ^ ^ ^ atleast ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ time . 
  * mod gives you the remainder ( 6 ) . 
  you were thinking about * div , which gives you the quotient without remainder . 
  i understood , but keep in mind that blood is currently rushing elsewhere in this thread . 
  20 is only 2 times dividable by 7 thus resulting in a remainder of 6 , because 20-14 = 6 . 
  5 mod 2 = 1 | 2 fits 2 times into 5 thus the remainder is 1, 
  10 mod 2 = 0 | 10 is fully dividable by 2 resulting in no remainder . 
  9 mod 10 = 9 | 9 is not dividable by 10 - the remainder is 9, 
  so , if you ca n't divide a number anymore without getting into decimals ( 5.5 for instance ) , then the remainder is the remaining fraction of your quotient . 
  hope i could help you , 
  still have bowmycock for my ranger , 
  well , you certainly do n't know anything about german education . 
  it 's not `` bad in germany '' and thus not `` getting better '' . 
  slightly ashamed that germany is not bending its culture and give up it 's language in several aspects of daily life ? 
  wow , that 's just foolish . 
  i certainly would like a world with only one spoken language , but this is not the case afaik . 
  so why should i be ashamed , if i 'm living in germany to hear german dubs ? 
  there is a big difference between shame and something useful/beneficial . 
  even though english is a world language , it does n't mean that every goon of every country has to learn it . 
  op has a legitimate question . 
  next time think about your word choice .
