  it 's the biggest gaming convention worldwide where the newest editions of titles like battlefield and call of duty often get announced and/or are playable before release . 
  it happens in cologne . 
  that would be quite difficult to have if we had such laws . 
  why do you namedrop the iphone 4 ? 
  not a single iphone in the history of iphones had a removable battery . 
  that does n't say it was impossible to remove them . 
  it was actually quite easy , but it 's not like you could just open it up and change the battery without a single screw and without losing your warranty like any mobile phone in the past . 
  no , that 's not just like he has asked . 
  voiding your warranty to remove a battery is not what is considered a removable battery in the phone industry . 
  [ this is a removable battery . 
  ] ( http://cdn.thedroidguy.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/02161506/remove_battery-100056578-orig.jpg ), 
  what you are saying is n't wrong , but it has nothing to do with what you suggested at the beginning of this argument . 
  in fact , it 's a straight turn around from what your first comment said . 
  context : https://youtu.be/4ytfs5og8m4?t=12m28s, 
  that 's hilarious . 
  your `` sources '' are reports about breitbart and some right wing media person calling the fact checkers `` liberals '' . 
  that 's not nearly an indication that they are indeed left leaning nor that they will not do their job in an objective and neutral manner . 
  truth and falsehood are not a partisan problem . 
  this new ruling is not for statements that are in some kind of grey zone . 
  it 's about lies . 
  stop putting some other definition into `` fake news '' . 
  which one are you talking about ? 
  google : michelle obama ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=michelle+obama ), 
  [ google : michelle obama beautiful ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=michelle+obama+beautiful ), 
   some chinese phones are known to have spyware . 
  snowden might think that you are forgetting something about other nations . 
  they have backdoors , they intercept , they have secret subpoenas and way more tools in their arsenal to spy on you than china has . 
  doubting oneplus because they are chinese and some chinese companies are shady while not treating american , japanese or any other nations companies to the same standard is naive . 
  no , it legally does not . 
  the police should clearly say : `` you are now under arrest '' . 
  they did not . 
  that 's why they are in the wrong . 
  this is n't a math/logic lesson . 
  this is real life . 
  the police is legally bound to clearly formulate what is happening . 
  edit : thanks for the downvote . 
  does n't change the facts though . 
  dude , stop being hostile . 
  ca n't you have a normal discussion without personal attacks ? 
  i agree with your point that open source is better to have . 
  that 's logical and i did n't argue in that direction . 
  i just found it irritating that you specifically had to point out that `` some chinese phones are known to have spyware '' . 
  this should n't be a relevant distinction in this matter is my one and only point . 
  `` so i have no choice then but to arrest you . '' = `` i 'm going to arrest you '' ? 
  the fuck ? 
  edit : i have to agree that this seems to be the same but please apply it to the situation . 
  the law demands clear statements without room for interpretation . 
  the first statement leaves too much room for interpretation and is not the correct way to arrest somebody . 
  this is why police specifically say : `` you are ( now ) under arrest '' . 
  that 's true , however in this context these sentences are not the same . 
  one is clear and concise and the other one is not . 
  law enforcement has a certain protocol which they have to obey and in this case they did n't clearly communicate like demanded by protocol . 
   a cop does n't say `` if you move , i 'm going to taser you '' ,, 
  a good cop would do so in an applicable circumstance . 
   and then when you move say `` i am now tasering you '' before hey pull the trigger , do they ? 
  they literally did say this while tasering him . 
  and what they also said during it was : `` okay , you are under arrest . '', 
  which implies that he was not before getting tasered . 
  it makes it very unlikely that they clearly announced his arrest before the unnecessary use of force , but you are right in that the video was cut . 
  however , the actions of the policeman and the reaction of the guy filming are good indicators that i 'm probably right with assuming that there was no arrest prior . 
   as far as the down vote , it was n't from me , but i 'm guessing you assumed it was so you downvoted me . 
  it does n't change the facts though , the facts that you simply do n't have , yet still base your argument on . 
  so here , have another downvote . 
  that 's just sad . 
  i have nothing more to say to that . 
   as far as unnecessary use of force , it 's quite clear that it was warranted in this situation , but it sounds like you were biased from the jump . 
  even the guy filming says the exact same thing - and he was fucking there when it happened . 
   [ here is a full timelapse of the entire event in question ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdantuf5txg ) , which clearly shows the crowd was never as big as it was in 2009 , just in case anyone needs proof . 
   [ here is a full timelapse of the entire event in question ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdantuf5txg ) , which clearly shows the crowd was never as big as it was in 2009 , just in case anyone needs proof . 
  `` me too thanks '', 
  check the motherboard case pins . 
  if they are n't plugged in correctly they can cause this issue . 
  i 've seen this many times . 
  dulden . 
  i share your views with real madrid , but not with barcelona . 
  the reason for this is perez and his transfer mentality ( galacticos ) . 
  and buddy , our fcb is n't special with the family atmosphere . 
  tons of clubs have this `` family aspect '' in the bundesliga and any other league aswell . 
  vollidiot . 
  september 23th , 2017, 
  feelsbadman, 
  nice try . 
  more people die in your average us mass shooting than islamic terror managed to kill in germany . 
  but what are facts over feelings , right ? 
  why even bother reading up on true things , when papa trump says germany is in chaos . 
  why see the world through your own eyes when you can just take all you hear about a country from someone who does n't live there for granted . 
   it probably hits too close to home for the german people , who have been dealing with a string of terror attacks in the recent months, 
  that 's your bullshit quote , not mine . 
  you were the one talking about another country without having a clue , not me . 
  and i pointed out why that quote is full of shit . 
  so stop trying to twist my words , that i somehow try to relativise what happened in berlin last year . 
  and yes , i was under the impression that you are a trump supporter , because you believe the same false things about germany like he does , which makes my assumption very likely . 
  but atleast i can see my error and concede to a point . 
  munich was only interesting when the rumors suggested that it was an attack motivated by islamic views . 
  but as soon as people got to know that the guy was a mentally unstable right-wing supporter going on a shooting spree , the same people suddenly lost interest in the attack . 
  just like what just happened in canada . 
  human loss is human loss . 
  but that does n't matter to these people . 
  i understand where you are coming from , but these attacks have nothing to do with the reaction . 
  and in another comment you are saying,
