  penance is way worse than just praying . 
  and you are forgetting that they are receiving punishment through the law alongside the church 's punishment . 
  der thread hier bspw . 
  they are also removed from public ministry , so they are n't `` real '' priests anymore . 
  i would have been fine with them getting kicked out aswell , but i think it 's okay for the pope to show some kind of mercy as long as they receive their due judgement through the local law and the church working on abolishing this phenomenon . 
  it 's also not like he does that to any pedo priest . 
  these are exceptions , not a general ruling of his . 
  good point . 
  i have n't thought of that . 
  dude , first of , relax . 
  i 'm in no way condoning any child molesting and i 'm totally against any obstruction of law on that matter . 
  neither am i defending the church and their `` stain '' . 
  secondly , this is a whole other matter . 
  in another comment i already refered to that . 
  the church being quiet and fucked up in some cases has nothing to do with the pope 's action described in this article . 
  ** there is no excuse for hiding them ** , but that is on the church . 
  the pope is doing something very different and these topics , while similar in nature , have nothing to do with each other . 
  i can understand your strong feelings , but please remain civil and reflect upon what you are saying and what is said to you . 
  covering your ears and insulting your `` opposition '' does n't help you one bit and makes you look like a fool . 
  what 's your sr ? 
  i 'm just curious , because i 've seen you whining multiple times in this thread and always ignoring the reasoning of others . 
  your points get rebuked and you still spurt things like `` 22 meter insta-death zone '' . 
  his main ability just reels you in . 
  it does n't and should n't matter if you get reeled in or are stupid enough to go there by yourself . 
  nearly master is still only diamond . 
  if he 's so op , why is his pick rate in pro matches so low compared to many other heroes ? 
  it 's one thing to hate a character , it 's another thing to call him op and wanting him nerfed , because you are too bad to play well against him . 
  these are a few of many topics you should maybe start looking at , if you really have to ask why other nations care . 
  do n't worry . 
  i 've been there myself . 
  it 's a very emotional topic and the slightest communication error can make a world 's difference here . 
  have a great day . 
  it 's dumb to call a hero op as a mediocre player , if people at the highest levels do n't agree . 
  just because people at the lower levels can not understand how to play against roadhog does not mean that the character is op or broken . 
  it 's like calling reinhardt op , when you run in front of him as any dps character and he flattens you with a charge . 
  roadhog has no damage mitigation and is a mediocre protection when it comes to hiding your teammates . 
  he is strong at initiation and picking by design . 
  it 's what makes him a tank . 
  anyone who wants him not be able to one-shot dps characters does not understand the game at the fundamental level . 
  casuals should never have a say in character balancing . 
  and since you are referring to meta reports and calling 52 % not low : the only tank picked less than him is winston while the meta is very tank-heavy again . 
  roadhog was never as dominant as any other character that was deemed op . 
  the only reason people call him op is because they ca n't reflect upon their own mistakes . 
  as seen in this thread , the op makes a gif , because he is so mad at getting one-shotted by a roadhog , while engaging him alone and literally walking into his death zone . 
  not only mad and naive enough to instantly flame in chat , but to even post it on reddit to have the same type of players agree with him . 
  they do n't understand the concept of positioning , else they would n't need to vent . 
  wow , she really sounds like an ignorant dick . 
  without consent of all hauptmieter who signed your mietvertrag , the k\u00fcndigung is unlawful . 
  furthermore , the k\u00fcndigung might not even be possible if all hauptmieter agree , when there is no evidence of you doing something that is against the mietvertrag and you really have an unbefristeten mietvertrag with no clause allowing for a termination like that . 
  this is great advice . 
  listen to this . 
  even though you most likely do n't have to leave , keep an eye out for flats that suit your needs and wallet . 
  it would be way better for you to move into a less stressful environment . 
  maybe you 'll even find a better apartment . 
  yeah , take your time . 
  do n't rush it . 
  a small tip regarding your search : keep in mind the typical semester cycle . 
  the need for apartments spikes dramatically before the winter semester starts . 
  in the next weeks to months you should have an easier time to find something until around august/september . 
  not sure whether you got the downvotes for the flat joke or from eintracht fans mourning that transfer . 
  you are using stats of a totally different area to combat my point and go the extra mile to attack me as a person . 
  i 'm not sure whether it is even worth it to answer you . 
  i did not call the character bad , i called him not op . 
  roadhog is very effective in unorganized play since positional mistakes are happening more often compared to pro matches . 
  also , in ranked play supports and regular tanks are picked less , because many people go in with the mindset that they have to carry the game . 
  roadhog is also a character considered `` easy to play , hard to master '' making him a more obvious choice for players to pick . 
  i 'm not saying that roadhog does n't need a change , but going your route : do n't you think soldier needs a nerf considering his pick rate being the highest of all and him being in every game ? 
  it 's incredible how much hate there is for the character and all of that because of bad decision making and the inability to see one 's own mistakes . 
  it 's just the ui . 
  your gaming experience is not influenced in any way by that . 
  no need to worry , 
  #lock her up !, 
  lock her up !, 
  lock her up !, 
  danke , obama . 
  they are not roasting . 
  that 's unnecessarily hyperbolic . 
  they are just poking fun at them . 
  it 's just a light hearted joke . 
  from the upper stands including the stadium announcer . 
  i still get shudders hearing the fans and the iconic phrase : in der zehnten spielsekunde, 
  le cut inside disciple - the spirit lives on, 
  uefalona is at it again, 
  idioten halt . 
  hahahahahahaha . 
  i believe you call it a levels . 
  you would n't know though , since you are n't german . 
  yeah , however this is n't just high school finals and each country has other curricula and procedures . 
  thanks for reminding me . 
  i 10 2 forget this stuff easily . 
  yes , it 's comparable , but it still is not easy to compare . 
  in germany there are states with way easier exams than other states . 
  just because i got my abi without learning in my current state , does n't mean i could have done it in bayern . 
  this is why i 'm saying you would n't know . 
  you might achieve it here aswell , but you ca n't be sure . 
  some turkish people here say the same to erdogan supporters , but they do n't care since living in germany has too many perks , which they do n't want to abandon . 
  that was their own fault though . 
  bvb were the better team , but choked hard in the last 20 ( ? ), 
  minutes . 
  bayern had a very good run already at that point , but do n't forget that dortmund won the league twice in a row and we came from a season where we finished second in every competition + losing the final on our own turf .
