  it revolves around your offensive capabilities and survival skills . 
  it is not a game mode targeted for mercy mains . 
  not every game mode has to appeal to every player and be balanced around every hero . 
  you are criticizing the adequate implementation of the most-played game mode in the history of shooter games and act like it 's blizzard 's fault , that deathmatch is not appealing to you . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlxs3eljfou ), 
  rough translation : for the general poll long-term beliefs and tactical decisions are also taken into account . 
  forschungsgruppe wahlen publishes the data of its sonntagsfrage without this additional weighting under the term `` politische stimmung [ political mood ] '' . 
  another institute . 
  all other institutes have them a bit higher . 
  nice . 
  du hast talent . 
  waitwhat_merkel . jpg, 
  rip :-(, 
  hey guys ,, 
  i 'm willing to help you out with bossfights and opening waypoints . 
  just whisper me ingame - jey # 2562, 
  of couse i will do this without making any profit , although i 'm willing to take your gold , if you want to reward me , 
  see you ingame !, 
  hey guys , i want to troll and scare some city visitors by streaming sounds via the ingame voice tool . 
  currently i set the stereo mix device as standard and it works fine , but i do n't want people to hear my mumble buddies . 
  in halflife games , there was a tool named hldj - i loved it , but sadly i did n't found something similar for arma 2 yet . 
  tl ; dr : is there any way to stream music/sounds without streaming the whole audio output ? 
  hey guys ,, 
  i researched my problem , but did n't find a solution , so i would be glad if one of you could maybe help me . 
  i like having a computer without a password , since i 'm living alone and no one else except friends and thiefs have access to it . 
  firstly , i tried to change the option in the metro settings app , which sadly did n't change anything , although it tells me , that no one has to input their password anymore . 
  after that i tried using the win7-method with netplwiz , removing the check in the box and confirming this with a password . 
  i rebooted afterwards , but had to type in my password again . 
  i doublecheck the box afterwards , but it was still unchecked . 
  now i 'm using a pin , because its faster , but i really appreciated no security measure at all . 
  i know , that a local account does n't need a password , but i want a syncable account . 
  thank you for your help !, 
  why is every link now tagged nsfw ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  podricks `` moment '' with the whores - i 'm not buying it . 
  it just seems so unbelievable and does n't fit into the series 's story . 
  i do n't think it happened . 
  since today i thought that this is what happened :, 
  podrick became affectionate to ros in the scene , where podrick is grabbing the books . 
  he then was gifted the whores but he did n't seem to have any kind of enthusiasm . 
  it may have been shyness ,, 
  but i think he just did n't want those whores - he wanted/wants ros . 
  so he spoke with dem hoe 's and told them to lie for him . 
  i may be overanalysing the small story introduced in the series , but i think this part just does n't fit in well . 
  how do you think about it ? 
  hey guys ,, 
  so i encountered a problem a couple of days ago . 
  i use two mice on my dual-monitor setup - one ( razer krait ) for csgo and the other one for everything else . 
  since i 'm using my krait again for counterstrike i have the following problem . 
  if i move my mouse too fast , the cursor goes onto my second monitor for maybe 100ms . 
  now if i shoot in that time period , which happens frequently , i land on the desktop . 
  now this has caused many unnecessary deaths . 
  i did not have the problem with my regular mouse , a shitty gigabyte m6800 . 
  i 'd normally use my krait for everything , but the wheel is stuck and i ca n't buy another krait , because the mouse does n't get produced anymore :(, 
  do you know any console/startup commands for csgo , which might fix the focus lose ? 
  thanks in advance ,, 
  i post this here so it hopefully gets seen by valve . 
  since beta the cursor can get outside of the full-screen `` border '' when using multiple monitors . 
  if i turn the mouse too much and shoot , for instance on de_inferno if i come out of long hall , flick to the right side of balcony and shoot , the game minimizes . 
  i can observe that the mouse cursor is on my second monitor for a split second when i 'm flicking the mouse . 
  the cursor seems to be not centered the whole time . 
  for reference i 'm using m_rawinput 1 , 800 dpi and 2.3 ingame sensitivity . 
  i encountered this problem almost 2 years ago and also asked for help in the forums and here on reddit . 
  since then the issue still exists with no response from valve yet . 
  here are a couple of other sources reporting the same issue with `` fixes '' which did not work for me . 
  i have to use ddmm , a tool which only lets the cursor cross a screen 's border if the cursor sits at the border for a set amount of time , but sadly it bugs out after a gaming session . 
  volvo pls , hear my call . 
  for a few months now gfycat is very slow to load in many european countries like germany , uk , sweden , finland , etc. 
  i 've read countless posts in various subreddits and many topics in this one claiming that the gfy 's load very slow after the first 2-3 seconds . 
  why is this problem not getting acknowledged ? 
  please give us a statement instead of the silence . 
  if there is any information i can provide to help investigate the issue , i 'll gladly cooperate . 
  just keep in mind , that this is n't a single isp issue because multiple nations with multiple unrelated isps and different network routes are affected . 
  b e n i o f f & w e i s s, 
  o l l y, 
  would n't it be great if we had one thread with all our pep pics , m\u00fcller memes , vidal videos and boateng gifs ? 
  post ahead and trade your secret stash of funny content related to fcb . 
  i 'll start off with, 
  * [ pep as the messiah ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1elu59a.jpg ) ,, 
  * [ pep and m\u00fcller having a blast ] ( https://gfycat.com/merrydifficultalaskanmalamute ), 
  * [ an uncanny resemblance of two of our club 's legends ] ( https://i.imgur.com/dddby2x.jpg ), 
  * [ robben with a whole subreddit for himself ] ( / r/lecutinsideman ), 
  show me what you got !, 
  [ ] ( https://realsic.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/cromulon-cropped.jpg ), 
  hey ,, 
  do you have any idea how to force kodi 's new playback method on android systems to use the overscan compensation/video calibration ? 
  my tv sadly only gets sound through hdmi , when i 'm enabling an option with slight overscan . 
  basically a tv and pc mode switch , where the tv mode has overscan + sound and pc has perfect resolution and no sound . 
  ( yeah , i know that it sucks ) . 
  i 'm currently back on 15.2 with my tv setup , but i 'd like to run jarvis . 
  i gladly appreciate any help on this issue . 
  thanks in advance, 
  ... dropped by the devil , he took the lemons life gave him and turned them into marvelous apples . 
  he spreads our seeds in a new room , maybe joining back with us one day . 
  the church of tumorous apples is indebted to his life work . 
  praise be !, 
  wow , can you believe he said that ? 
  upklopps to the left for visibility !, 
  ] ( http://forum.rocketbeans.tv/t/youtube-channel-aufteilen/2318 ), 
  [ removed ],
