   but suffice it to say , terrorism is a more personal matter to germany than it is to the us . 
  it is not . 
  period . 
  furthermore the `` outrage '' has literally nothing to do with terror . 
  the `` outrage '' are some people calling the picture distasteful , macabre , etc. 
  we can and we should . 
  but we should n't blow things out of proportion as well . 
  he is arguing that due to `` a string of terror attacks '' this image would hit too close to home , which is far from reality . 
  please look at the other comments in this comment thread , if you are interested in why that argument is wrong . 
  all points raised were already discussed . 
   many have n't even met a single refugee , so how can terrorism and its effects be personal to them ? 
  that 's your problem . 
  you are correlating refugees with terrorism . 
  it is your media and your government that instigated this `` fear of terror '' . 
  it is your nation , that is so fearful of terrorism , that someone like trump even had a chance to be president . 
  just because we deal with the refugees that are fleeing from terror and us-created havoc , does not mean that this is a more personal matter for us . 
  and maybe we should be less theoretical here and just consult the data :, 
  there was a recent rise in fear because of many terror attempts , however it is about equal to the level of the us . 
  no , it 's not hypocritical . 
  stop mixing your feelings towards bayern with the facts , when the topic deals with pure facts . 
  bayern was one of the first clubs , who knew that sponsorships and marketing would be more worthwhile in the future than relying on sold tickets . 
  and it is thanks to hoene\u00df managing the club for decades , that they made the jump from a title contender to the record champion . 
  of course this is mainly due to sponsorship money , but it was a gradually increase earned through sporting success . 
  so stop being such a hater and atleast aknowledge , that bayern is nothing like rb . 
  bayern : successful before sponsorship and gained a foothold with sponsorships in a 40 year timeframe . 
  leipzig : gained an insane sponsorship for a lower tier club and moved up from league to league due to insane money in only 7 years . 
  so yes , not the same at all . 
  go troll someone else . 
  ftfy, 
  shit . 
  come on , mate . 
  lahm had his reason and he also communicated it well : he wanted to concentrate on his club career and felt that playing for germany would have been detrimental to his performance for the club . 
  so he ended his career on a high with a valid reason . 
  someone pointed out that beckenbauer left the national team before the '78 world cup due to club reasons . 
  how can you be mad at lahm , but not be mad about our kaiser 's decision ? 
  what i was trying to point out is that the void left by lahm seems to be the actual influence in your judgement than lahm 's decision itself when comparing it with beckenbauer . 
  ( germanwings sagt ) nein . 
  that 's not being argued though . 
  only simpletons seek violence in rivalry . 
  bvb are also getting sanctioned for banners and chants . 
  and that 's the point he 's adressing here . 
  dies . 
  no , money was n't the problem . 
  v\u00f6ller refused to sell vidal to bayern . 
  losing heynckes to fcb made him refuse any bid by bayern . 
  no , that 's not what happened , but quite similar . 
  bayern wanted vidal . 
  vidal wanted to play for bayern . 
  leverkusen got a high offer for him from bayern and a lower offer from juventus . 
  they told bayern , that vidal does n't wan na go to bayern anymore and turned town bayern 's offer . 
  bayern were mad at vidal . 
  fast forward : we get reschke , leverkusens [ transfer ] manager . 
  he told bayern what really happened . 
  they bought vidal and all was well again . 
  the motive of leverkusen was that v\u00f6ller did not want to lose a single player to bayern after they snatched their coach heynckes from them . 
  every club makes questionable decisions sometime down the road . 
  bayern sold kroos for $ 25m . 
  name your next one gerd . 
  or even better : divorce your wife , marry someone with the name `` m\u00fcller '' , change your last name to hers , divorce her as well and remarry your wife . 
   die realit\u00e4t sieht viel mehr so aus , dass flynn vom fbi `` gecleared '' wurde : https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/fbi-reviewed-flynns-calls-with-russian-ambassador-but-found-nothing-illicit/2017/01/23/aa83879a-e1ae-11e6-a547-5fb9411d332c_story.html?utm_term=.abe6ed726735, 
  quelle : https://twitter.com/bvg_kampagne/status/832599952656302081, 
  klasse fundierte studie !, 
  2 subs , but the point still stands . 
  you ca n't criticize the ref for adding time while one team wastes a ridiculous amount of time . 
  you saw hertha subbing 2 players in injury time , right ? 
  so the ref should ignore the time wasted by those two subs and blow the whistle right at 95:00 ? 
  come on , mate . 
  when will you get tired of this non-sense ? 
  [ : thinking  ( https://www.spd.de/standpunkte/ ), 
  15 personen, 
  die polizeibediensteten, 
  eben . 
   kleine modifikation am bremssystem, 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/7ticjl9kctfy.png ), 
  and we were so close to get back into 3 . 
  liga one and a half seasons ago , but failed against fc kray of all teams . 
  i 've lost all hope that we reach 2 . 
  liga in the next decade . 
  well , you do the same with pep . 
  look up the facts of g\u00f6tze 's time at bayern . 
  he played almost every match the first two seasons and was in a top form in his third season until the injury in the national break . 
  after that he was not in a form to be useful for the team . 
  vivaldi 's missing, 
  no , you wo n't encounter that unless you have to deal with radicals/hardliners . 
  and even then it 's rare . 
  does no one here read the damn article ? 
   the inzoli case is one of several in which pope francis overruled the advice of the vatican 's congregation for the doctrine of the faith and reduced a sentence that called for the priest to be defrocked , two canon lawyers and a church official told ap . 
  ** instead , the priests were sentenced to penalties , including a lifetime of penance and prayer and removal from public ministry . 
   in some cases , the priests or their high-ranking friends appealed to pope francis for clemency by citing the pope 's own words about mercy , the church official said , speaking on condition of anonymity because the proceedings are confidential . 
  `` with all this emphasis on mercy ... he is creating the environment for such initiatives , '' the official said , adding that clemency petitions were rarely granted by pope benedict xvi , who launched a tough crackdown during his papacy and defrocked some 800 priests who raped and molested children . 
  it 's not like they went away unscathed . 
  and that punishment goes alongside to whatever the local government decides upon . 
  that 's actually what progressive people do with their criminals . 
  they do n't reject them for the rest of their lives and treat them as pariahs . 
  they acknowledge the crimes and punish them , but they are also focussing on how to avoid future problems with those individuals . 
   goes alongside to whatever the local government decides upon . 
  reading helps . 
  or do you want the church to act as a court and law enforcement ? 
  oh , cynicism without even trying to understand the topic . 
  how original !,
