  for information purposes only , and may be used to assist you in obtaining, 
  information about or related to a domain name 's registration record . 
  tucows makes this information available `` as is , '' and does not guarantee its, 
  accuracy . 
  by submitting a whois query , you agree that you will use this data only for, 
  lawful purposes and that , under no circumstances will you use this data to :, 
  a ) allow , enable , or otherwise support the transmission by e-mail ,, 
  telephone , or facsimile of mass , unsolicited , commercial advertising or, 
  solicitations to entities other than the data recipient 's own existing, 
  customers ; or ( b ) enable high volume , automated , electronic processes that, 
  send queries or data to the systems of any registry operator or, 
  icann-accredited registrar , except as reasonably necessary to register, 
  domain names or modify existing registrations . 
  the compilation , repackaging , dissemination or other use of this data is, 
  expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of tucows . 
  tucows reserves the right to terminate your access to the tucows whois, 
  database in its sole discretion , including without limitation , for excessive, 
  querying of the whois database or for failure to otherwise abide by this, 
  policy . 
  tucows reserves the right to modify these terms at any time . 
  by submitting this query , you agree to abide by these terms . 
  note : the whois database is a contact database only . 
  lack of a domain, 
  record does not signify domain availability . 
  registrar : tucows domains inc. 
  whois server : whois.tucows.com, 
  creation date : 18-aug-2013, 
  updated date : 17-aug-2015, 
  expiration date : 18-aug-2016, 
  registry status : clienttransferprohibited, 
  registry status : clientupdateprohibited, 
  see underlying registry data, 
  domain already taken ? 
  we also let [ roman b\u00fcrki ] ( http://www.transfermarkt.de/roman-burki/profil/spieler/59027 ) play to compensate for him . 
  sometimes you do n't want to spend too much time talking with a stranger who needs some directions . 
  english is faster to grasp if both parties understand it well . 
  you can . 
  witcher has no drm , you just need the files . 
  dude , sarcasm, 
  we can afford it and it makes a huge difference for wear & tear and scheduling aswell . 
  small wireless keyboard with a touchpad , some extra buttons and only costs around 20 $ / $ . 
  works very well with any device running kodi . 
  a usb dongle + batteries are included . 
  imo the best control for kodi , if you often type/search stuff . 
  geizhals ( http://gh.de ) is actually all you need , if there are n't any huge sales . 
  http://mydealz.de will always let you know about good sales , coupons and pricing errors . 
  more than that is n't really needed , since gh lists nearly every legit vendor and mydealz informs you if you can get something for even less . 
  you called ? 
  because \u00b4 is on the keyboard and the n-thingy is not . 
  actually , very good . 
  the league is very competitive - just not for the title . 
  and no , the top dogs do not attract more viewers and fans . 
  wolfsburg and hoffenheim do not attract more than k\u00f6ln or hamburg . 
  the first place situation is due to mismanagement or very excellent management of fc bayern . 
  and ffs , just 3 and a half years ago bvb won the title 2 times in a row . 
  just because bayern is currently dominating the league in such a way , does n't mean that we always did . 
  also , by your logic , we should get even more money for dominating right now - so , create an even bigger gap between first place and the rest . 
  very intelligent . 
  you wo n't be getting it much cheaper then as supposed to now , i guess . 
  50 % off right now less than 8 months after release . 
  also judas, 
  who 's talking about stealing ? 
  how foresighted of you to add next year 's top challenger for the championship to that assemble . 
  that was a tactic bayern used in 00 's and before , but getting g\u00f6tze and lewy was not to weaken our opponent . 
  we bought g\u00f6tze for several reasons . 
  bayern has/had the philosophy to be the team with many german internationals in its ranks . 
  g\u00f6tze , being a huge talent and german starter for the next coming years , was a target no matter what club he 'd belong to . 
  also , pep wished to get neymar when he joined us , but our board decided against that ( breno & price-tag ) and instead focussed on g\u00f6tze , germans `` messi '' . 
  and lewy - who would not want to have lewandowski ? 
  he was performing insanely well and was only 24/25 yrs old . 
  we tried to get him the same year when we got g\u00f6tze & pep , like you pointed out . 
  dortmund did n't want to sell , which is understandable . 
  so we got him when his contract ended . 
  we did n't try to weaken them two years in a row - that 's bull . . 
  * manu got rvp from arsenal . 
  no issue now . 
  * wolfsburg got draxler from schalke . 
  no issue now . 
  * wolfsburg got kruse from bmg . 
  no issue now . 
  * dortmund got reus from bmg . 
  no issue now . 
  so getting two players , who we would 've bought no matter the club ( except maybe 1859 +1 ) , is too much , but only getting one is okay ? 
  who decides that ? 
  without all the media attention surrounding those transfers , only the truest of bayern haters would still be spouting this non-sense . 
   for ** ~ ~ playing ~ ~ dedicating your everyday life to a game . 
  when i 'm employed for a 9-5 job , i do n't have to eat well , sleep well and work every single day . 
  i 'm allowed to go out , when i have time and drink , smoke , etc without risking my career . 
  i do n't have to keep being in shape . 
  being a professional footballer is a 24hr job , a job you have allday-everyday . 
  all those expenses you listed do not amount to this difference in pricing . 
  they are not even the same configuration, 
  when you talk out of your ass , atleast get the facts straight . 
  there are only 2 configs costing much less and they both do not exist in the german store . 
  a price difference is there , yes . 
  but a markup of nearly 50 % is ridiculous . 
  vat is 20 % at most , shipping is done in bulk driving the price per unit down from 60 to well below 20 . 
  we need to pay more for our stuff , but not this much . 
  i have enough background in hardware sales management to know that this is a ripoff . 
  you quoted literal numbers to different products .
