  ! cd4 larissa ( \u2686 \u25e1 \u2686 ), 
  nobody here forces you to buy a car if you can only afford a bike . 
   went console to avoid hacks/cheats , get hit by pissed off squeakers bailing at the first sign of adversity instead :(, 
  [ relevant gif ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/lxj8zyivc61os/giphy.gif ), 
  takeshi 's castle . 
  only in the us it 's called `` most extreme elimination challenge '' . 
  the title is actually takeshi 's castle . 
  only in the us it 's called `` most extreme elimination challenge '' . 
  because it 's a potg , not live capture, 
  kripp 's statements are from a time before seasons were a thing in d3 . 
  heck , they did not even have frequent legendary drops yet or torment mode . 
  if i 'm remembering right , they did n't even introduce all the hellfire ring shit nor did they fix the loot problem yet . 
  do you want to be ash or be the very best like no one ever was ? 
  sir twenty of house goodmen , may you rest in peace . 
  pick one . 
   peruvians are just pieces of shit in general , in addition to being awful at the game . 
  jesus , that 's literally racism in a nutshell . 
   once they sit down at that keyboard , they 're pieces of shit . 
  in your bracket . 
  in higher brackets you seldom have problems with this kind of stuff . 
  i played dota , hon , hots , csgo and overwatch - and in every community people are dicks in the midrange and lower bracket . 
  what you are mentioning has nothing to do with their heritage , it 's common all around the world in shitty people/bad teamplayers . 
  sounds more like confirmation bias than anything else . 
  every region lays blame upon other people when something is shitty . 
  when it 's someone from your country being shitty , you do n't feel like it 's the entire nation being like that . 
  you think he 's a dick , but you do n't think it 's common for players from his country . 
  and thanks for the instant downvotes !, 
   this subreddit against nearly any player leaving is too much, 
  did we hate on rode , gomez , kirchhoff , tymoshchuk , ballack , pizarro x2 , kurt , weiser , reina , dante , schweini , peh and countless others ? 
  i agree that the joke was silly , but come on , you do n't have to make a big deal out of it and you certainly should think about what you say when claiming stuff like `` against nearly any player '' . 
  this is so far from the truth that it hurts to read . 
  itt : people who do not understand what equality really is and get offended for saying someone is a person of color . 
  it is not racist to speak about the clear physical difference . 
  it 's not racist to say that person a has white skin color and person b has brown skin color . 
  equality means that despite any psychological and physiological differences , you are equal in ( social ) status . 
  it 's sad to see that those terms get thrown around without knowing what they actually mean and that people build their moral beliefs around false definitions . 
  i 'm happy for boateng and i hope he reaches his goal to be captain of our national team . 
  not because he 's black and what precedent it sets , but because he is a perfect fit and deserves the spot due to his recent achievements and standing in both club and national team . 
  super typ . 
  xstream, 
  gachigasm, 
  do n't click it , just mouseover . 
  we miss you guys already . 
  hope you make it to the cl again next year !, 
   i havent seen even one person say `` fuck him for not leaving '', 
  are you serious ? 
  the past threads about schweini were full of that . 
  feelsbadman, 
   they probably could have drawn it out if they wanted to , but i always saw it as they recognized the strength of one another and just wanted to do it . 
  just like franky and senor pink . 
  [ today 's the day ] ( http://i.imgur.com/talmezb.gif ), 
  [ i have something else for you then ] ( http://gfycat.com/linearresponsiblebear ), 
  [ full counterattack ] ( http://gfycat.com/chillyunluckycopperbutterfly ), 
  decotions and potions are not combat-only . 
  want to be able to sprint without draining stamina ? 
  werewolf decotion . 
  you are overloaded ? 
  bies decotion for +20 weight . 
  want to swim faster and/or see better underwater ? 
  killer whale potion . 
  ca n't see shit in a cave even though you have a torch equipped ? 
  gim me some cat potion . 
  we roughly traded g\u00f6tze + rode for hummels . 
  the g\u00fcndo + micky transfers are the money makers . 
  hey its me ur charity, 
  exactly . 
  schweini was injured for months after that one tackle . 
  he missed 18 official matches for us . 
  of course caleb porter did n't want his players to injure anyone , however he was the coach of that team and is responsible for his players . 
  feelsbadman, 
  did you finish the quest ? 
  if so , what did you do ? 
  did n't you hear the scream after giving the guy her bones and went back into the house to investigate ? 
  you lifted the curse , but you also released something you should n't have released . 
  check annabelle 's compendium entry . 
  good choice . 
  she was a pesta and would have released a plague . 
  she was the monster . 
  the choke hold is not excusable , but understandable . 
  [ watch the tackle . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gk2obwf.jpg ) studs up , no chance for the ball , does n't even look at the ball . 
  he just wants to foul lewy , who luckily anticipated the recklessness and got his leg out of the way . 
  if the ref sees this , it 's an instant red . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ochjnajgfpe ), 
  hallo ,, 
  hallo ,, 
  i wanted to respond with something witty , but ffs - that name threw me off . 
  stream is working flawlessly . 
  yep , thank you !, 
  i 'll edit my first post to not confuse anyone . 
  they paid money not only for using the items , but for what they gain with those items . 
  if you pay for lucky eggs , you are doing it to level your pokemon . 
  not having access to those pokemons makes the purchase useless . 
  it 's not like they are refunding a game which they played for weeks . 
  they are refunding utilities which they bought and to which they do n't have access anymore - be it the items or the result of using those items . 
  drop the z. 
  it 's h\u00e4nsel in german and hansel in english . 
  o weia . 
  epochtimes is right wing propaganda . 
  you only need to read the url to realise this .
