  if i need to buy something , i check this site . 
  95 % of the time you 'll get a cheaper price than amazon/alternate/co . 
  well , seems like he posted something into chat right before the bomb went off . 
  maybe he really knew what he was doing . 
  no , jinn is the guy who was afk . 
  well , just use fake information . 
  well , just use fake information . 
  well , just use fake information . 
  just play in windowed fullscreen . 
  it 's because it uses the default desktop settings . 
  you 'd need to change the display settings in your gfx control panel . 
  i have no big problem with alt-tabbing in fullscreen . 
  it is slow , yes , but that 's also because of my dated hardware . 
  yes , you do . 
  alt-tabbing out of a `` resource-dependent '' game like csgo is in general slower than fullscreen-windowed applications . 
  i do n't know why exactly , but i think its because the desktop wo n't get rendered if you are in a fullscreenn application . 
  however , if you run the application windowed , then the desktop gets rendered parallel to your main window application and thus results in poorer performance , but better reaction time desktopwise . 
  you are n't stuck , but you have to change the desktop color and brightness settings in your graphic card 's control panel . 
  real fs only causes crashes for certain users . 
  i , for instance , have 0 issues regarding fs . 
  it is very slow , but my system is also moderately old ( amd phenom ii x4 955 - 9600gt w / 512mb - 4gb ddr2 ram ) . 
  this is the case . 
  he currently gets estimated $ 4,5 m/yr and the board offered a new contract estimated around $ 7m/yr , but kroos wanted to be paid like schweinsteiger & lahm ( $ 10m/yr ) . 
  the board did not want to give him more than offered and withdrew the offer . 
  kroos then decided to sign for real , who offered him $ 12m/yr . 
  edit : all estimates are pre-tax . 
  kroos , for instance , receives ~ $ 6m/yr of his 12m/yr wage at real madrid . 
  i have to disagree . 
  kroos played a fantastic season ( 12/13 ) until his injury . 
  he was even starting ahead of robben most of the time after robben had multiple small injury issues in the season . 
  jupp gave robben the chance and robben used it . 
  edit : [ thanks for the downvotes , how about refreshing your memory . 
  edit 2 :, 
  to strenghten my point , that kroos was a big impact in the triple season , [ read this article . 
  this is true aswell . 
  jupp played m\u00fcller out of position so kroos could play in the centre . 
  you need to tweak your desktop color and brightness settings in the control panel, 
  6m is the money he gets after tax . 
  12m is the official amount he gets payed . 
  indeed . 
  lahm and schweinsteiger are starters for almost a decade and he wants to earn as much as them . 
  i can understand him wanting to be paid more , but 6-8m seems very reasonable to me . 
  12m is ridiciolous , but real is known for such economical activities . 
  one of the girls in the video even said it was a terrorist attack , right after the second plane hit . 
  i know , i already wrote that in a different comment . 
  all the amounts i listed are pre-tax . 
  he gets payed more by real than any other bayern player . 
  that 's insane . 
  indeed . 
  they are playing for more than 10 years for bayern . 
  it 's ridiculous to ask for the same amount . 
  i trust the decisions of our board . 
  never said that they are . 
  no tears , only wrinkles now, 
  that 's wrong . 
  i mentioned it in several commands now , but you just have to change the desktop settings . 
  it 's very inconvenient , but it one could write a couple of lines in powershell for a neat script . 
  already mentioned it in another comment - those figures are the amounts pre-tax . 
  the club pays him $ 12m , but after taxes he gets $ 6m . 
  in germany you mostly see gross wages . 
  should have made myself clearer . 
  if i 'm correct only barcelona and madrid have those high amounts of wages in spain . 
  in germany it 's pretty even at the top , bayern pays the most though , followed by dortmund , wolfsburg and schalke . 
  sure , clubs like mancity , chelsea , etc pay very high wages , but it 's easy to pay so much , if you have some billionaire pumping in millions . 
  that 's wrong on many levels . 
  g\u00f6tze does not get paid more than lahm & schweini by bayern . 
  he earns a similar amount of money , but that 's due to his sponsorings . 
  g\u00f6tze earns as much as robben and ribery . 
  neuer is n't worth mentioning - he deserves even more . 
  van buyten played in bayern for centuries already . 
  kroos 's `` new '' contract would have given him 6-8m at bayern , the same stage as robben , g\u00f6tze and ribery - not as high as lahm & schweini though , but higher than rafinha & co. 
  dude , did you not read what i wrote ? 
  bayern offered him a better contract , which would have put him in the wage range of thiago , alaba , robben , ribery , g\u00f6tze , etc. 
  but he refused to take it , because he wanted even more . 
  he wanted to be paid like lahm and schweinsteiger , club veterans being starters for nearly a decade . 
  you should learn to read as it seems . 
  do you even speak german ? 
  it says on there that all wages are estimated . 
  and besides , it 's sportbild . 
  i was wrong about ribery , he earns more . 
  when i think about ribery , i also think about robben . 
  mixed them up here a bit . 
  however , he is not the single highest earner . 
  ribery , lahm and basti get the same amount of money [ 10m ] . 
  if you want to discuss something , you should n't be such a rude jerk . 
  how about using multiple sources to strenthen your point instead of using one ambigious source and then accusing someone of spreading flase information . 
  yes , all those figures are considered `` grundgehalt '' , which can be translated as gross wage . 
  grundgehalt is always the `` brutto '' number ( pre tax ) . 
  post tax it 's called `` nettogehalt '' . 
  compared to other top clubs ( man city , barca , real ) , bayern players do not get paid as much . 
  if you search for bayern wages in google and actually read what you find , you 'd know , that they mostly cite sportbild . 
  and your second point is even more laughable . 
  the goal.com estimates are fucking exactly the same for lahm and schweini . 
  learn to read !, 
  furthermore goal.com and sportbild are imo equivalent to each other . 
  hehe . 
  it 's actually just a lazy translation by me . 
  i meant that his favorite position is in the centre of the field . 
  the first few years of his professional career he was indeed a left back . 
  many people , myself included , call him the best fullback on the planet , because he can play both positions extremely good .
