  could you please explain how to get the upcoming events displayed like that ? 
  that looks sleek !, 
  works great , thank you very much !, 
  you can still install supersu or superuser if you like to manage your root access without any problems as long as you do n't flash it . 
  based on your information , very unlikely . 
  you really have to expand on `` tried everything '' and the situation itself for us to give you any reliable estimate . 
  did you try rma'ing the phone ? 
  what rom is your phone running ? 
  is it rooted ? 
  when did the reboots start ? 
  why did you threaten them ? 
  uno pizza peruano con pepperoni , por favor . 
  if people would atleast once read what the guy actually said instead of relying on some drama bullshit ... 
  believing false quotes and making a big deal about his multi-task answer ... what do you guys want him to say when he is asked about this ? 
  * if he says nothing about it , people will cry because he says nothing to the press . 
  * if he says he wo n't think about future transfers already , people will cry because he is lying . 
  * if he says that he can do it both without interference into his work at bayern , people cry - what the hell do you guys want ? 
  did you really think a star trainer like pep will be here longtime or wo n't have talks with other clubs ? 
  what were you smoking if you really believed that ? 
  and no - he will not talk about his coming time at city before he is done with bayern . 
  read the real quotes , not the on purpose mistranslated media bullshit . 
  oh gott , dieses video . 
   the fact that the satirical die partei ( party for labour , rule of law , animal protection , promotion of elites and grassroots democratic initiative ) enjoys an astounding approval of 27 % should also resolve the eternal quarrel about which subreddit has the dankest memes . 
  not if you ask [ spox/sportal ... ] ( http://www.sportal.de/fussball/bundesliga/spielernoten-bayer-leverkusen-bayern-muenchen-20-spieltag-2015-2016-20101226 ), 
  comunio has gone down the shitter this year with those ratings . 
  thanks for the tip , but i 'm playing already , 
  i love it but the economy of it is kinda broken . 
  very abusable , if you invest much time into it . 
  we started on matchday 5 and i already got a 400m team , with an over 150m lead to the next best team . 
  just want to add that germany is not a recent addition . 
  we had small fees in the range of 150dm ( ~ 75 $ - pre-inflation ) until 1970 . 
  from then on our education was free until 2005 , where legislation was changed after some states sued the nation . 
  most of our universities then charged money until 2012-2014 , depending in which state they were . 
  however , the cost was rougly 500 $ per semester - no where near the insane cost of some us education programs . 
  currently , we are still paying some fees - i 'm paying roughly 240 $ / 6 months . 
  the money is going mostly towards our public transportation ticket , a good chunk to the student union and the rest goes to several student organisations and initiatives . 
  an example for the structuring can be seen here :, 
  awesome !, 
  i hope they do n't remove this . 
  quake-esque grenade jumps are a cool element for this type of shooter . 
  atleast not on an athletic level . 
  the injury god gave benatia back today just to take badstuber with him again . 
  i guess he kind of likes to have him around or something . 
  just heard it on sky while watching k\u00f6ln - frankfurt ... 
  could n't believe what i heard . 
  poor guy , why him again . 
  sky just said live : it 's a sprunggelenksfraktur ( ankle joint fracture ) . 
  he will miss ~ 3 months instead of the prior 4-6 weeks estimate ... 
  edit : [ our team 's twitter account confirming the situation ] ( https://twitter.com/fcbayern/status/698584933036650496 ), 
  deleted the old thread , because of misinformation and a worse source . 
  [ here is the old thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/fcbayern/comments/45m0p7/badstuber_fractured_his_leg/ ) , if you were wondering . 
  literally breaking news . 
  sorry , i just have to cope with dark humor . 
  i wish this would be just a dream , some nightmare that i 'm dreaming . 
  because of the bochum game and its `` controversy '' . 
  breaking his legs might be enough to get a call , if he gets lucky . 
  and people wonder why he sticks to embellishing every contact . 
  i do n't like to see it , but i can understand why he acts on contacts that much , when fouls against him often go uncalled . 
  it 's a `` chicken vs. egg '' situation with him . 
  holy vardy , that one 's klopping my balls, 
  spoken like the tru messiah, 
  if you have an android phone , either update to mm ( 6.0.1 ) or download an app called emoji switcher ( root required ) to get them . 
  why not throw pauli in aswell while you are at it . 
   ... have you never taken physics ? 
  yes . 
  omg yes it is . 
  energy . 
  where the fuck is bill nye . 
  he might have never taken physics , but atleast he is not an anti-social prick . 
  that 's not his contract . 
  it 's the transfer agreement between fcb and real regarding his transfer to us . 
  the transfer details are ( values are ** post-tax/netto !, 
  * $ 7,5 m ( $ 4m in 2014 , $ 3,5 m in 2015 ), 
  * $ 1,5 m after 30 official matches, 
  * a friendly-game in madrid , expenses paid for by real , with the proceeds also going to real, 
  i can bid you 10 $ to be my slave . 
  bild reports that . 
  you deny the offer . 
  i still had bid you 10 $ though . 
  19m contract with m\u00fcller ? 
  i do n't know if i want to believe any rumor from that site . 
  you can be pretty sure that if there is a confirmed rumor about bayern , it will be published from kicker , ( sport - ) bild , sport1 or tz.de within minutes of its circulation . 
  is this a thing already ? 
  people bitching about other people 's picks ? 
  i 'm not sure but if red pill is radical men 's rights , blue pill might be radical female 's rights . 
  the lord giveth and the lord taketh away . 
  \\ # of teams to win bundesliga title in last decade : 4, 
  but watching s04 supporters on a second screen at the same time !, 
  wildlife fights each other . 
  wolves hunt rabbits and deers . 
  it 's default . 
  i 'm just wondering what may hunt the wolves - maybe some nekkers or some other monster . 
  serverzwecke ( eigene cloud , voice-server , etc ), 
  it 's exactly 5,8 m ( according to sky germany ) - so you 're both off . 
  and technically , the ball has to be on the original spot by the law of the game . 
  does n't matter if it 's nit picky or often overlooked . 
  imo it 's pedantic , but bayer surely has a right to be angry . 
  damn , rubbing salt in the wound . 
  both times his mistakes lead to a goal . 
  nevertheless great match from him .
