  get msi afterburner to ensure nearly optimal cooling . 
  somehow the default settings are causing heat issues in a lot of devices . 
  tiny error : a 2-bit machine can store 4 states ( 2 \u00b2 = 4 | 00 , 01 , 10 , 11 ) . 
  i think you wanted to say `` a 1-bit machine '' . 
  and third , read the damn sidebar . 
  do not beg/ask/buy / sell access to the alpha or beta, 
  / r/montageparodies, 
  u r welcome my xxx_fr ! 3nd_xxx, 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynr6yi_d4he ), 
  the s\u00fcdkurve remembers . 
  actually 3/2 . 
  it spawns as a 0/1 , gains +1 / +1 due to sc aura , swaps to a 2/1 and receives the sc aura again making it a 3/2 . 
  they did not pay 30 usd for a finished product . 
  they paid 30 usd to receive alpha access and pre-order the finished product while being able to test and refine the game in this development stage . 
  the game clearly states that the price will go up in future and that you should not buy it if you expect to get a bug-free , finished product . 
  if you still buy it , then you have been warned more than enough , but still the devs even included a reminder for the stupid on the start screen , that the game is in alpha dev stage . 
  anyone who rants about wasting money on this game because of bugs and the game being unfinished is illiterate and quite frankly retarded . 
  atleast one sane comment here . 
  the rest of this thread is infuriating . 
  in a few years you 'll be underwater germans . 
  yeah , but you ca n't really compare them . 
  just think about how weird it would be to see players , who failed to stay in the first division due to their performance , starting in the national team . 
  i did n't get it either , thanks for further clarifying my point . 
  being the last place in the league after 17 games is hardly just being unlucky . 
  all dortmund players had a few bad performances . 
  yes , the injuries were unlucky , but overall they were n't just really really unlucky to be 18th though . 
  billiges klischee . 
  [ nice me me m8 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acniufhq37c ), 
  you should inform yourself and do some research before spreading nonsense like this . 
  pc 's have various form factors , you can easily build an htpc yourself , load it up with some social games like fifa or call of xxx_n0sc0pe_dutey_xxx , hook it up to your tv and use any usb/bluetooth controller you want . 
  the initial investment would be in a similar price region , but over the years you would save a lot of money due to free online gaming , many f2p titles and overall cheaper prices for the same games with better graphics . 
  checkout the wiki in / r/pcmasterrace . 
  the name might be cocky , but just read it . 
  in the worst case you 'll learn something about pc gaming . 
  wow , so badass . 
  are you a new player ? 
  if so , i 'm sorry that people are downvoting you for being new to the game . 
  yeah cause the one asking in english understands german ... 
  can you please post a replay of ujah 's `` celebration '' ? 
  edit : thank you !!, 
  sweet ear , lem me tickle it, 
  i 'm just here so i wo n't get fined . 
  i do n't think dortmund needs to win the cup to get the el spot out of it . 
  maybe they changed it , but remember alemannia aachen in the el ? 
  they were cup finalists , lost to bremen , but still got the el spot while being in the second division . 
  good to know , thanks !, 
  do you also know the name of the song around minute one [ hey , hey , hey , hey ... ] ? 
  i 've heard it so often now , but i do n't know the name . 
  thank you very much !, 
  same problem . 
  also from central europe ( west germany ) . 
  who would even fall for that knowing the date ? 
  the sub 's joke though is genius . 
  i was so happy to see him play again after such a long pause . 
  so likeable and talented . 
  always having fun playing the game . 
  kind of reminds me at ronaldinho 's attitude towards football . 
  wow , that 's disturbing . 
  beating your own mother like that for basically nothing . 
  was she high at that moment ? 
  how long did you stay on the ladder to pick so many cherries ? 
  hey ,, 
  i mentioned this problem in a similar thread a couple of days ago . 
  any gfy i try to load is painfully slow . 
  i tried to find the cause via tracert and ping , but they seem just fine . 
  just like other people here . 
  it started happening roughly a month ago . 
  i 'm living in west germany and i also have my connection routed through the cloudfare server in d\u00fcsseldorf ( dus ) . 
  literally translated : `` everything has an end , only the sausage has two . '', 
  just a little pun . 
  unbelievable that people are ranting on pep for this . 
  it just shows that they apparently do not understand the strategic side of football . 
  everytime something goes wrong all these armchair coaches talk absolute nonsense . 
  we currently have no offensive wingers . 
  our attack is fully central . 
  g\u00f6tze and m\u00fcller broaden the field but they are not comparable to robbery . 
  porto played very aggressive , used our defensive mistakes and got two big decisions in their favor ( foul on alonso and no penalty for lewy ) . 
  the injuries are tough . 
  we still have enough good players to field , but they need resting . 
  yesterday 's display showed that certain players need a pause . 
  what you seem to fail to comprehend is that even with all the good names we have on the paper , we ca n't play the style of play which the team was training for day by day for the last two seasons . 
  this team is playing game after game without much rest . 
  what can all these big names do , when we ca n't fill the crucial spots to make the system work . 
  why is a 3:1 vs porto unacceptable . 
  i think you are the one underestimating them . 
  what did you expect should pep do ? 
  play fast and unpredictable - but how ? 
  blame him all you want , but there was no other feasible strategy with this pool of players . 
  the league is not already won and we ca n't even start our games with a full bench currently . 
  as i said , it 's easy to blame failure , but pointing out alternatives , when there are n't any to rely on is quite difficult . 
  well , he did n't . 
  the `` medical staff '' he was clapping at was actually domenec torrent , our co-trainer [ edit ] aswell as sammer and hermann gerland . 
  ball so hard motherfuckers wan na find me, 
  whoops , did n't know that . 
  always sounded like find to me . 
  thanks !, 
  we both got something wrong , but ai n't nobody stopping us now . 
  i guess you wanted to type ` fine ' :p, 
  and , to be fair , was fouled . 
  ah , sorry , i get it know .
