  good job on that . 
  [ vat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_value_added_tax ), 
  [ shipping prices ] ( https://www.myus.com/pricing/calculate-shipping/ ) | calculate with 2100kg for roughly 1000 blades ( 1000x2 ,03 kg + packaging buffer ) to achieve a rough estimate of bulk shipping . 
  for germany there is a 19 % vat + import fees depending on your purchase . 
  to calculate the fees + vat , there are countless online sites to calculate them , [ like this one ] ( http://www.import-shopping.de/steuer-und-zoll-berechnen ) . 
  all in all , the expenses to import the product without tax evasion methods ( importing into another eu state first to prevent import fees ) is ~ 2650 $ . 
  350 $ less than buying it in the european razer store . 
  so , how is that not a ripoff ? 
  the markup is ridiculous . 
  additional cost allocation because of operational fees would n't be 350 $ , because the store was already in place . 
  now tell me , how is this not a ripoff ? 
  and please do n't come with your dell xps example again . 
  cherrypicking some products without going into detail why there would be a price difference does not help the discussion here . 
  and your example was wrong , since both cheap laptops were not available on the german page in their config and the other ones were rougly the same in pricing . 
  good luck with that . 
  it 's not about success . 
  the main team is always more important than any other team of a club . 
  youth teams , who are more successful , also do n't get preferred . 
  it has nothing to do with the female team being female . 
  and in that regard , if they really wanted to have their own achievements at display on the kit , i 'm pretty sure the club would n't deny it to them . 
  but maybe they are just proud of our main team and being associated with them . 
  fighting with honor as in fighting against honor . 
  no , that 's right . 
  just missing the and/und and maybe `` me '' instead of i. 
  it 's colloquial . 
  anweisung von pep on the top means order from pep . 
  is your username written in jest ? 
  german words are n't odd when you speak it - does n't matter if you are a native or foreign speaker . 
  the `` odd '' words , all those long ones like doppeldeckerbus or grafikkartenzubeh\u00f6r are just several words sewn together . 
  it works with every noun . 
  grafik + karte + zubeh\u00f6r -  graphicscardaccessories instead of graphic card 's accessories - do n't even know how to say that in proper english . 
  but when you do n't speak it and see this huge words like einreisebescheinigungsantrag , i can understand how they seem odd :p, 
  i 'm also interested, 
  ca n't wait to have robben , ribery and costa back on the wings . 
  this is why ca n't have more than 9 deck slots . 
  lol , that 's ironic . 
  saying it out loud , you put the five before the seven . 
  by your logic , would n't 5.7.2015 make more sense then than 7/5/2015 ? 
  nearly all english shows that get on german tv has german dubs . 
  what you can do is getting amazon instant video or netflix and enable a german vpn . 
  yeah , i know that . 
  but you still say the fifth of july , which puts the 5 before the 7 . 
  huh ? 
  gob b is a member of mouz since 07, 
  i heard he 's a scouser - boss tah . 
  you are right , i totally forgot . 
  my loving mister singing club , what 's going on in here . 
  never say never, 
  if pep leaves , which would make me incredibly sad , this needs to happen . 
  the drama and media coverage would be insane and very entertaining . 
  we would n't want to get rid of him . 
  our board and the team already mentioned several times that they want him to stay . 
  but what should we do , if he does n't extend his contract ? 
  chain him and force him to coach our team ? 
  that 's actually a good plan  , 
  mario kart power-ups are that way, 
  yes , google it . 
  it 's the first google entry for `` kodi volume mousewheel '' . 
  out of curiosity : why do you make the effort to ask this question in a forum instead of asking google ? 
  i can understand not finding something , but this was literally the first hit on google . 
  if you read what you need to do in there , it is simple . 
  you just have to copy what he has already written and paste it in a folder he mentioned . 
  you do not need to do any config or scripting yourself . 
  # \\ #peppephurra, 
  i 'm very sad to see him go . 
  imo the best manager we had . 
  well , it 's my opinion . 
  i do n't claim it to be a fact :p, 
  at first i wanted to add `` since the 80s '' , since i did n't see all the games we played then like i did with pep . 
  it 's my opinion . 
  i do n't need you or anyone else to agree with me . 
  and i do n't rate our past managers only on what silverware they won on international level , but what they achieved with their situation , how their philosophy translated into the team , how tactical changes were made and what an impact those changes had . 
  i also take into consideration how players developed , how they think of the manager and what they say about them . 
  i love jupp , i was sad to see him go . 
  but was he a better manager ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  my other comment mentions lattek already . 
  i was n't alive when he managed the team , i only know the history & highlights , but that 's it . 
  and your last point : pep inherited a team that was arguably the best in the world and made it better . 
  have you forgotten the games we played several weeks ago before the wave of injuries hit ? 
  we played the best football out there and that 's why i think pep is the best we had yet . 
  you are walking a dangerous path here , buddy . 
  i 'm sorry to burst your bubble , but cleganebowl is not confirmed , no matter what you say . 
  it 's fucking confirmed !, 
  our football culture values tradition and many of us despise the commercial aspect for the sake of profit in football . 
  rb has nifty ambitions , but they seek success for marketing and financial purposes , buying their way into the bundesliga . 
  many `` traditionsclubs '' with a rich history struggle while rb ( and hoffenheim ) enter the playing field with their money . 
  rb weaseled themselves through regulations such as the 50 +1 by trickery - they have 51 % of the needed voting power , but the people making up the relative majority are rb 's underlings . 
  they wanted to be called redbull leipzig , but that 's not possible for many years now due to regulations ( bayer 04 and others were created before those statutes ) forbidding brands in their names . 
  so red bull created the word `` rasenballsport '' to have their rb atleast . 
  it translates to grass/turf ball sport . 
  there could be said way more against them . 
  what some people like about rb leipzig is that it 's located in the east , so the people there can finally have a bundesliga club again in some time . 
  all in all , many of us view despise them with all our hearts and a few like them because they bring bundesliga football to the east and/or could be a possible top contender with their money like they did in austria as red bull salzburg . 
  had a good chuckle there . 
  it 's even funnier that they hate on us while we do not even think about them . 
  which ironically seems arrogant of us . 
  where ? 
  injuries and the resulting depression forced him to end his career at age 27 . 
  do n't try to reason with him .
