  in the sporting sense though , yeah , the timing sucks , but it 's worlds better than the g\u00f6tze transfer . 
  e : why the downvotes ? 
  because of the flair ? 
  [ you sure about that m8 ? 
  true . 
  happy cake day !, 
  you are right , i worded that poorly . 
  however , it 's not only my opinion that i project upon others , but the general opinion . 
  sure there are exceptions , there are almost [  ] always exceptions . 
  and come on , i do n't need to be a bvb supporter to know about dortmund . 
  i was talking purely about the timing . 
  thanks man , i appreciate that there are still reasonable people around here . 
  sadly it 's always the vocal minority which gets picked up , regardless of which club we are talking about . 
  cunts offering trashy fingerbangs, 
  the only competitor ** this ** year . 
  for how long have you been watching the league ? 
  only recently bvb managed to get back and challenge bayern . 
  a decade ago they were n't even near the top 3 . 
  i 'm sure you know better than rumme , hopfner , uli and the rest of our board . 
  huge text and no vfb stuttgart flair ? 
  i wo n't read this . 
  i 'm just kidding . 
  however , recently you started to post these text walls and they kinda became your thing . 
  prior to that , match threads were mostly banter , memes and shitty comments . 
  horrendous refereeing . 
  multiple offside mistakes , uncalled fouls and questionable carding decisions . 
  i really do n't understand where this `` cl trophy requirement '' comes from . 
  in all my time following this club ( 17 years ) , i 've never encountered this type of expectations from fellow fans . 
  only since we won it all with jupp . 
  i do n't want to generalize something here , however it feels like anyone who ca n't see what pep brought in after jupp left is still wearing their jupp-colored glasses . 
  what jupp did in his second season was astonishing , but do n't you remember the year before - when we lost it all ? 
  losing the cl final at home was one of the main motivations why the team was performing that great the year after . 
  they were broken , but jupp took the scraps , brought in a missing gear ( martinez ) and transformed the depressive attitude into immense hunger . 
  i do n't think we would have won the year after with jupp - the hunger was stilled . 
  sure they 'll want to win it again and do anything for it , but the hunger was n't as strong as before . 
  what pep brought is a tactical play that helps us for years coming . 
  not only is our main squad able to play multiple formations , but how fluid they can change the entire game plan - that 's remarkable . 
  pep influences not only reached the main squad , but our youth squads , our national team and even other buli clubs ( bvb under tuchel , gladbach under favre/schubert , ... ) . 
  pep took cruyff 's idea of positional play and refined it . 
  implenting his playstyle into our club - that 's why he was brought in . 
  winning the cl was never a requirement , only a desire , another goal to reach for . 
  he was brought in for long-time success . 
   well to be honest , i think reschke already did more in that regard then pep . 
  then you clearly lack in the tactical understanding of the game . 
  reschke 's transfers are very good , but getting very good players does n't translate into success ( see real madrid ) . 
  i 'd rather have a million `` meh '' presidents than a single g.w. 
  bush . 
  pep is not perfect , but no coach until now has been . 
  the defensive line may have costed us some games , but brought in plenty more wins . 
  this year 's campaign was n't a tactical failure - we had plenty of chances against the best defense of the last 5 years . 
  we literally outplayed them at home - but did not finish our chances . 
  not developing youth players ? 
  that 's such an easy out to discredit him . 
  why is it his fault , when a player does not deliver ? 
  g\u00f6tze had plenty of chances , so did gaudino , peh , weiser , shaq , green , scholl and can . 
  he deemed them not good enough for the first team or not ready . 
  look at kimmich and coman - they play because they are able to perform . 
  pep is n't responsible for youth development . 
  that 's why we have youth teams with youth staff . 
  van gaal , for instance , did fuck all to develop m\u00fcller and alaba . 
  he played them and trusted them and they performed . 
  you can thank gerland for that . 
  we were n't shut-out though . 
  we had plenty of chances , only our finishing sucked . 
  no other team managed to play this well against atletico . 
  and if it were n't for some huge misses by m\u00fcller and lewy , we 'd have reached the final this year . 
  but that 's football . 
  you win some , you lose some . 
  unless you are villa , of course . 
  pep was brought to sustain long-term success . 
  carlo , imo , will be the one who will utilize pep 's work for immediate success . 
   refugee flut, 
  ea had a manager game for a long time fifa manager / fu\u00dfball manager 2002-2014 . 
  i loved it in the past , but the newer versions did not receive well and sega 's fm was rising strong , so they retired the series after more than 10 years . 
  the game was a casual-oriented manager experience . 
  enough details to keep you entertained , but not enough to overwhelm you . 
  if you judge a book by its cover and someone points out to read the book first before your judgement , do you blame him for not telling you what the book is about or do you blame yourself ? 
  this is the internet , a google search will give you the answer . 
  instead you demand an explanation of another human being , because you are too lazy or ca n't be bothered to do the research yourself . 
  do n't put the blame on / u/poebelarm , when the op of this comment thread blurts out his opinion on a matter he does n't know anything about . 
  that explains it a bit . 
  do your own research though . 
  do n't rely on a single redditor 's comment . 
  that would be so hypocritical . 
  ( vice - ) captain , direct competitor , arguably one of their best players . 
  smells familiar . 
  it seems hypocritical , but you are taking his words out of the context . 
  he is speaking about youtube fanboys who should not idolize their youtubers like they are angels and could n't do anything wrong . 
  and funnily , of course his behaviour against criticism , no matter how valid , was out of proportion . 
  however you should n't think he is flawless . 
  no one is . 
  and that 's exactly his point . 
  [ jamie vardy 's having a party ] ( http://www.fifacoinscup.com/upload/20151123/6358383550385517855395373.png ), 
  he played 13 matches in 19 possible bundesliga games ( injured for 14 matches ) . 
  so out of 1600 minutes , he played 886 - more than half . 
  before his injury , he played 417 out of 630 minutes . 
  look at those numbers . 
  he played good games and was in a good form prior to his national team injury . 
  after that , he just did n't play well and giving him playing time while not performing was too risky since you lot were dangerously close in the table . 
  the only point you can make is that he is n't a guaranteed starter - but who really is at his position besides m\u00fcller ?
