  he knows nothing about censorship in europe , but boasts about his apparent unrestricted free speech as soon as you mention anything about some of their policies . 
  i do n't get how some americans on here can defend certain government practices which are the exact opposite of what their founding fathers intended . 
  always yelling `` freedom ( of x ) hurr durr '' and `` land of the free '' while a huge chunk of their population rots in prison cells . 
  and this is n't an attack on all or the most americans , just the ignorant ones claiming to be patriotic while they do n't know a thing about their ( political ) past in detail . 
  pes6  online play was awesome . 
  everytime he was mentioned in a lobby , one was bound to say `` adriano hat nitro im arsch '' ( adriano got nitro in his ass ) or something like that . 
  inter was insane during that time . 
  that team was so fun to play with . 
  * human, 
  * living on this world, 
  * plays football, 
  leder is leather and hosen is trousers . 
  men dress in lederhosen . 
  those dresses you think about are called dirndl . 
  lol . 
  keep in mind though that dirndls and lederhosen are `` traditional formal '' wear . 
  it 's a big stereotype that bavarian ( or even german ) people dress that way . 
  some do it on special occasions like oktoberfest or sch\u00fctzenfeste . 
  most people i know did n't even wear this once . 
  we also have our fair share of fat people , but most girls in the age bracket 18-30 have flat stomachs . 
  i agree except that the current situation does n't make me sad . 
  we have so many quality players that our depth gets praised all day . 
  it 's hard for our youth to get into the first team , but those who make it through are quality players aswell . 
  this is not the first time hitzfeld criticized pep . 
  i 'm not defending his words in that article . 
  `` kissing his ass while winning '' - he is also praising him now for the sporting aspect of pep 's coaching despite criticizing other aspects of his conduct ( ? ) . 
  imo otmar 's criticism mentioned in this article is valid , though , if true . 
  pep is n't perfect and he does not need to be perfect - no one is or has to be . 
  but one should atleast try to broaden their technique and not be stubborn in their approaches . 
  maybe player meetings would be positive - who knows without trying it ? 
  i believe hitzfeld has access to better sources than you do . 
  guardiola is a great coach , i love him and will miss him dearly . 
  but he is n't the holy grail of football coaches . 
  not dominating the league with the current squad and other team 's recent failures its hard to not dominate the league . 
  you mentioned arrogance . 
  what does this have to do with anything mentioned by hitzfeld and do you think that bayern is more arrogant than the likes of real , barca , manu and psg ? 
  and guys , please do n't downvote him for his opinion . 
  this comment thread furthers the discussion . 
  downvotes are n't for different opinions . 
  oh wow , i think i 'm responsible for a few percent of those `` pep occurrences '' . 
  i thought that the word counts would be higher . 
  i 'm gon na talk about mourinho bathing in my piss over the last 5 years . 
  i initially started this post as a joke but jose mourinho is a character where you have to talk about everything . 
  there 's no questioning he 's a pissed manager , but i think it has to do with urine and bladder management than actual piss . 
  his teams have always been waste, 
  ** tldr **, 
  mourinho moved away from deuces in italy to a more liquid formation . 
  took this formation with him to spain and england . 
  his teams are required to piss with quick flushes and as a result , they must be clinical finishers who take the chances they get . 
  his teams usually do well for 1-2 toilet sessions but his `` piss on us instead of them '' mentality ultimately makes players resent him or dislike the way they piss themselves . 
  zidane 's abilities with his head exceed those of messi without a doubt . 
  in the manga the arc has ended . 
  the anime 's arc will end in roughly 2-4 months depending on coming breaks and the pacing of the final occurences . 
  [ it 's fucking confirmed y' all !!!!!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fgt7nzqdru ), 
  [ cleganebowl 2016 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pss2imfkxko ), 
  i know , but i really do n't think/hope that they keep the 1 chapter-per-episode thing going for the entire 18 chapters . 
  actually , there is . 
  before they did n't know how long the arc will last . 
  now they do . 
  so they do n't have to fear catching up to fast , since they can add another filler arc between dressrosa and the next arc . 
  exchange rate and import fees also matter here . 
  if yours will cost 1134 that 'd be hefty though . 
  ours cost roughly 700 $ which currently translates to ~ 735 $ . 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutscher_r\u00fcstungsexport#syrien ), 
  because that 's what matters . 
  not human life , but money and the prospect of more money ... 
  ah yes , because valueing human life over money makes you an idealistic liberal . 
  i 'm sorry that your view of the world is so limited . 
  i get what you were trying to say with no basis whatsoever . 
  if you had any valuable knowledge of economics , you 'd know that the money spent into helping refugees in the own country boosts the economy , since money circulates mainly within the borders . 
  also most of them , who may stay here , will join the workforce and be a productive member of our society . 
  and that 's not an ideal outcome , that 's a guaranteed outcome based on history and current prognoses . 
  anything you think will happen , wo n't happen , because nothing you guys say is the truth , no matter how often you add the word truth to your statements . 
  yeah , i misread . 
  nice , the quality is even better than the official ran livestream . 
  do n't be so quick and believe this . 
  this seems fabricated . 
  i ca n't recommend them anymore . 
  their player ratings ( or rather spox 's player ratings ) are really bad . 
  comunio went downhill the last couple of years . 
  if you have an android or iphone , kickbase is the way to go for bundesliga fantasy leagues . 
  with your expertise , could you please answer me this : is it confirmed or is it fucking confirmed ? 
  that 's the source, 
  i am certain , that we 'll manage without him . 
  nevertheless he will be dearly missed , his injury is a huge blow . 
  without him , i think the best line-up would be, 
  against opponents with pacy forwards , but less threatening in the air , it would be :, 
  i had to read up on liberal arts , because this form of education as academic studies is pretty much non-existent in germany . 
  can you explain to me why there seem to be so many people bashing it ? 
  i dont understand the reasoning behind that . 
  one persons freedom ends where another persons freedom begins . 
  oh wow , / r/soccer really does not see the irony here . 
  it 's great to know that there are still people here not directly jumping to conclusions , but rather question the information about this situation . 
  lately i 've seen plenty hate based on rumours and media coverage from many on here . 
  it 's because pep rushed him aswell ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  we can still field a very good back 4 :, 
  and we can replace bernat with vidal/alonso if we need alaba on the wing . 
  i do n't want to make fun of ill people , so i have to ask : do you suffer from dementia or any other illness affecting your memory ? 
  if not , maybe read up on his first 2 bayern seasons and his time at bilbao to refresh your memory .
