not every single person in russia supports putin . 
  the majority do , but i do truly feel bad for the small minority who do n't support him , but also do n't want to leave their country . 
  i would have a very hard time leaving my country , even if an asshat like trump took power . 
  i 'm sorry man . 
  that really sucks . 
  i hope things change for the better politically and economically . 
  is that real ? 
  seems absolutely ridiculous if it is . 
  the article uses the term retail turnover . 
   in february 2016 , for the first time in eight years , food and alcohol , along with tobacco products , were the main part ( 50.1 percent ) of russia 's retail turnover . 
  i 'm guessing that means retail sales . 
  is that a good substitute for income ? 
  what portion of a russian 's income is used to purchase retail items ? 
  i guess you did n't read what i wrote ? 
  yes , i 'm aware that it calls itself a reliability index . 
  however , the fact that it factors in both cost and frequency of repairs means that it 's measuring cost of ownership more than it 's measuring purely reliability . 
   the uk reliability index takes into account all factors of a repair , ** the cost of the parts ** and the frequency of failures yeah , that 's not a reliability index . 
  more like a cost of ownership index . 
  naturally , expensive cars would be at the bottom of that list since they cost the most to fix/maintain . 
  delaware might allow you to avoid state income tax , which is quite low across the board . 
  federal income tax is the problem , which incorporating in delaware does n't avoid . 
  that information looks incorrect . 
  not sure what your source is , but the info is freely available from the us census bureau going back to 1974 . https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/income/data/historical/people/ inflation adjusted median personal income has increased by 24.5 % since 1974 . 
  your chart makes it look like it has stayed the same , or even gone down . 
  i 'm sure the cost of education has increased quite a lot , but not sure if i trust your other numbers given that the income information is n't correct . 
  [ trey parker - america ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx5zre26ywm ), 
  so what should the title be ? 
  the turkish minister for housing and urban development ? 
  yes , swedish . 
  as in , a minister of sweden . 
  who would you vote for in the republican party though ? 
  there 's not a single good option . 
  maybe a conservative independent like gary johnson , but there are no conservative candidates running for the republican ticket . 
  and i 'd rather have neither christian nor muslim theocracy to be honest . 
  you may be right about the us integrating people well . 
  my parents are more american than they are indian at this point , and i 've never even considered that i 'm anything but american . 
  i 've never lived in europe so i have no idea what the difference is growing up as a first/second generation immigrant here versus there . 
  at a previous company i worked at , i had an indian counterpart who worked at our european hq . 
  while i was there , the euro hq moved from london to hamburg , and i remember him talking about how he always felt more welcome in london than he did in hamburg . 
  maybe some countries in europe are better at it than others . 
  would you really though ? 
  i do n't think $ 10k ( or $ 11 - $ 12k if converting from euro ) would be enough to convince me to leave the us . 
   i think it is hard to get the feeling that you `` fit in '' in modern western societies . 
  i do n't know if it is due to a tradition of individualism or lack of cultural identity . 
  i know it myself , because whenever i go back to my mothers country , it is a completely different sense of `` wow , i kinda belong here '' . 
  completely the polar opposite for me . 
  any time i go back to my parents ' home country , i get a sense of `` wow , it 's nice to visit , but i would never belong here . '', 
   it is easy to start growing a resentment towards the country you were born in . 
  `` why do n't they accept me as their own '' as a brown man , i do n't think i 've ever gotten that feeling in my life . 
   another thing that i rarely see discussed w.r.t. 
  corporate income tax is its incidence ; just because corporations cut the check does n't mean that they 're not paying it by paying workers less and/or making goods cost more ( and in the majority of labor markets , most of the tax does fall on workers ) . 
  yup , like double payroll tax . 
  whether it 's coming directly out of my paycheck , or whether my company is paying it on my behalf , it 's still a tax on my income . 
  yet technically it is considered a `` corporate tax '' . 
  speculating here , but besides the issues with russia , i wonder if it might have to do with the bombings going on . 
  how am i ignoring that ? 
  all i said is the us does n't have crumbling infrastructure , which it does not . 
  excuse me if i put more stock in the world bank than in the opinion of infrastructurereportcard.org, 
   it seems that americans would rather have crumbling infrastructure than pay more in taxes , right ? 
  i always hear about the shitty infrastructure in the us . 
  http://lpi.worldbank.org/international/global?sort=asc&amp;order=infrastructure the world bank seems to disagree , placing the us behind only 4 other countries ( germany , singapore , netherlands , norway ) . 
  you could make the argument about the classical liberalist ideals that the country was founded on , and from that derive what `` american ideals '' should be . 
  but yes , in practice of course different americans have different ideas about the way things should be , and of course the country has changed a lot since it was founded . 
  yes , if his effective us income tax rate is 22 % , his income is not anywhere near $ 101k . 
  my income is only $ 70k and my income tax is 28.5 % higher incomes actually get taxed quite a lot in the us . 
  my brother 's effective tax on income is 46 % . 
  that 's besides my point . 
  all i was saying is that you do n't have to be super wealthy to be a millionaire . 
  most millionaires are not super wealthy . 
  and there is the death tax , which is a tax on accumulated wealth . 
  but again , i was n't referring to that . 
   but they have enough money that they do n't need it at that point i think a lot of people overestimate how wealthy you need to be to technically be a millionaire . 
  7.8 % of us households are millionaires , excluding the value of their house ( [ 10.4 million ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2016/03/07/record-number-of-millionaires-living-in-the-us.html ) out of [ 134 million households ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_number_of_households ) ) . 
  it does n't mean that they 're all so wealthy that they do n't need money anymore . 
  for example , my mom is technically a millionaire , but those are her retirement savings that she has saved up after working for 30 + years , and what she will rely on to live for the next 20-30 years . 
  so yeah , you do n't need to necessarily be super rich to be a millionaire . 
  intercompany transfer pricing has to be set using a defensible methodology , and is very prone to being audited . 
  i know that the accounting department at my company consults with kpmg to make sure that our transfer pricing is defensible . 
  we ca n't just transfer all profits to cyprus unfortunately . 
  but i think a better methodology would be to tax income based on proportion of revenues earned in each country . 
  that is harder to manipulate . 
  imo it would make more sense to pay taxes proportional to revenue rather than proportion of employees . 
  in other words , if they earn 3 % of global revenue in romania , then 3 % of their global income is subject to taxes in romania . 
  or another way to state that is that she was n't against it until the agreement was finalized , and after it was finalized , she came out against it . 
  it 's entirely possible that she 's in favor of trade liberalization , but still does n't like the finalized tpp for whatever reasons . 
   sanders was the only viable anti-tpp/ttip candidate clinton is anti-tpp . 
  i do n't know about her views on ttip , but she specifically came out against tpp . 
  there 's a difference between debt and deficit . 
  not sure if this is a joke , but if your deficit was near 100 % of gdp , your country would pretty much be fucked . 
  i 've been wondering when troll completely changed meaning . 
  from my early internet days , troll used to mean some douche on a forum who would try to provoke other people into getting angry . 
  now apparently people are using it for a lot of other meanings . 
  jesus christ i was n't even aware of that part ... that 's a lot more terrible . 
  it 's funny how he claimed in the media that he would never call for violence at his rallies , and yet a few days before i remember him saying at one of his rallies that he wanted to punch a protester in the face ... and then a few days later one of his supporters at a rally punched a protester in the face . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_household_income#oecd_statistics ireland seems to be around the middle of europe for median personal income . 
  there are a couple caveats to the above information , but just ca n't find better information . 
  * it 's in ppp-adjusted dollars . 
  companies do n't give a shit about ppp . 
  at the end of the day , all they care about are the nominal dollars they are paying out . 
  would be better if the info was unadjusted .
