  take the first guy . 
  he said he has $ 37,000 in debt , and half was covered by scholarship . 
  that means school in total cost him around $ 74,000 . 
  so that 's around $ 80k . 
  you could very easily go to a state university on that amount . 
  i do n't necessarily think so . 
  the us is a country with 315 million people . 
  it does n't surprise me that a portion of those people would rather live in another country . 
  i personally have no problems living in the us and would n't want to move anywhere else , but i could see if you 're poor how it might be appealing to want to move to better welfare . 
  i think his point is that it 's in the uk , so it was already mentioned . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uomukddilcs more specifically , he said he had no business in crimea , and that he has accepted crimea as being part of ukraine . 
   people from different religions can have sex with each other ? 
  wait , ever since when was turk a religion ? 
  edit : do europeans actually believe that turk is a religion ? 
  for anyone who does n't know , it 's not . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_people it 's an ethnic group . 
   meaning he is , get this , an economic migrant . 
  actually , not really . 
  being an economic migrant has to do with economic instability in the home country . 
  it 's not simply moving from one country to another to make more money . 
  otherwise almost every single immigrant in the world would be an economic migrant . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_migrant  an economic migrant is someone who emigrates from one region to another to seek an improvement in living standards because the living conditions or job opportunities in the migrant 's own region are not stable . 
  the term economic migrant is often confused with the term refugee , however , economic migrants migrate due to economic turmoil , not due to fear of persecution on the basis of race , religion , or ethnicity . 
  you do understand though , that it will cost the state a lot of money to take in poor people from around the world . 
  someone has to pay for that . 
  i think what the above poster was saying was that if you 're so enthusiastic about it , perhaps you should pay for it . 
   but i suspect with `` we '' you actually mean `` other people '' and `` their money '' . 
  leftists in a nutshell, 
  you could argue that following international conventions the uk has signed is in their national interests . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_russia#immigration yup , pretty much all ex-soviet states . 
  half of immigrants in russia are ethnic russians . 
  i used to work in shipping . 
  it 's the same reason we moved containers from la to shanghai for 90 bucks . 
  not because that was profitable for us , but it was better than moving back an empty container . 
   it 's not about being crazy/stupid , like alot of ideologies they use some niche source of news where any fact that could contradict then is filtered out . 
  yeah , my primary source of news when i was in college was the young turks . 
  oh god was i a dumbass back then . 
   actually , it would have some very interesting effects . 
  it would be very difficult to have a proper dictatorship type nation - everyone would just leave . 
  i do n't think it 's the south koreans who are keeping the north koreans out . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's the north koreans who are keeping the north koreans in . 
   it would also mean all the smart , hardworking types from around the world would cram into first world nations , squeezing out the inefficient and defective currently subsidised by these states . 
  why would n't the poors follow them in for the welfare though ? 
  ca n't they just offer benefits to citizens ? 
   the european commission , the european union 's executive branch , has launched an unprecedented inquiry into whether warsaw 's new nationalist-minded government has breached the bloc 's democracy standards in taking more control of the judiciary and public media . 
  i have n't followed this too closely . 
  what exactly has the new government done ? 
   and good-looking ? 
  turkey does n't have their own fighter jet ? 
  does n't turkey have the biggest military in europe ? 
  that seems kind of weird . 
  as someone who does n't know much about navalny ( besides him being in opposition to putin ) , why do you think he would be a good president ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  selling dollars/euros and buying rubles is a method used to prop up the value of the ruble . 
  selling foreign currency only makes sense when the value of the ruble is low . 
   its a big no in russia what is this even supposed to mean ? 
  edit : oh i think you edited in the 90 part after i responded . 
  did n't know they had set the red line at 90 . 
  interesting part of the article :  the nation 's chief monetary policymaker may have compounded the selling when she unsettled the market two days ago by saying the ruble is trading close to its `` fundamental levels . 
  '' interventions were n't required unless risks to financial stability arose , she said in an interview , adding that she saw no such threat . 
   nabiullina reversed course , first canceling a trip to the annual davos meeting of the world economic forum in switzerland and then stating to reporters on friday that the central bank has the tools to act `` pro-actively . '' does that mean russia is going to start selling foreign reserves again ? 
  let 's go back to your original comment . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/42ap7r/polish_minister_of_environments_cancels_a_series/cz8wchc  not all countries have the same values , i disagree with it , but i 'm not going to feel morally superior like some people itt are . 
  the point is that some moralities are indeed superior to others . 
  if you agree with that , then end of argument from me . 
   no but why would n't you be okay with that ? 
  according to you , slavery would be fine since it 's considered moral in their country . 
  that 's the point of extreme examples . 
  to highlight the ridiculousness of ridiculous viewpoints . 
  let 's say there 's a country that has 51 % muslims and 49 % jews , and it is reflected as such in their parliament . 
  do you think it would be justifiable for muslims to outlaw judaism ? 
  this is why i think moral relativism can be so ridiculous . 
  i never said it was wrong when the government borrows money . 
  i 'm just wondering why he brought up derivatives markets when the above poster was talking about government debt issuance . 
   spot on , the derivatives market is a disgrace what does that have to do with with the person you responded to said ? 
  government debt is n't sold on a derivatives market . 
  you could also try building a couple of oceans between you and the muslims . 
  has worked out well for us . 
   in berlin , the reporter had made claims to a former peshmerga , who have fought until recently in the front line against the is and now live with his family as an asylum seeker in germany . 
  he had reported that he had sold his gun to finance the escape to germany . 
  i guess if they spent $ 103 billion in a month trying to prop it up , it explains why they 're letting it devalue bit by bit . 
  you always hear about them letting it devalue 2 % or so once in a while . 
  it must be expensive to keep it propped up so much . 
  wait , if china is buying yuan with dollars , does n't that mean they 're propping up the yuan , rather than artificially devaluing it as someone else here claimed ? 
  between my cousins , one has gotten married every single summer since 2009 . 
  so the whole family has had their summer vacation set for them every year since then . 
  2016 is the first year where nobody is getting married . 
  i tried convincing everyone that we need to go to moscow . 
  nobody else is interested :(, 
  lol just looked up dagong . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_credit_rating#dagong good for a laugh . 
  no thank you . 
  there are horror stories all over the world . 
  are we going to start taking in millions of refugees from all over africa ? 
  one thing the first world needs to get through its head is that it ca n't pay to fix all the world 's problems and injustices . 
  besides , you could help people a lot cheaper ( and thus reach more people ) by spending the money over there , rather than paying inordinate amounts of money to bring them over here and then put them on welfare over here . 
  you ca n't fix the third world by just importing everyone to the first world . 
  yeah , same thing happened in the us . 
  republicans nearly forced a default on our debt and s&p knocked down our credit rating . 
  political instability is bad in any country .
