  you realize the ten commandments are in the old testament , right ? 
  if you 're going to go by `` thou shalt not kill '' , you should go by everything else in the old testament as well . 
  also , first show me a quote of the pope rejecting the old testament before making the claim that the catholic church does n't follow it . 
  i know you 're joking , but i always had the impression that greeks never worked much . 
  when i went to greece , that impression was reinforced when i saw shops randomly closed for a few hours in the afternoon . 
  it turns out that they have the longest work hours in europe , and the only one above 2000 hours/year . 
   and one of the commandments explicitly says `` you shall not kill '' , so opposing the death penalty should be a logical consequence of that . 
  except for all of the crimes which the bible says deserve the death penalty ? 
  the bible is notoriously contradictory . 
  most religious texts are . 
  honestly , i know at this point that i wo n't get social security when i retire . 
  it 's just 12.4 % extra taxes that 's being taken from my salary so the government can fund whatever it wants to fund today . 
  thanks for the link to his comment . 
   mostly greek banks do you have a source for this ? 
  not that i do n't believe you , but i 've never seen this information . 
  i just bought a passat last year . 
  i love this car so much more than the camry i had before . 
  maybe he 's an expat and got some of it back . 
   having just one political party that i could say i support fully and can proudly vote for would be nice . 
  same here . 
  the us has two political parties that both suck . 
  the republicans are retarded on social issues . 
  both parties are retarded on fiscal issues . 
  [ same here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jesusland_map ), 
   soviet ideology was quite about putting the needs of everyone before your own ( communism is , well , communitarian ) , but it could never work coupled with a poor economy and constant shortages of goods . 
  in my opinion , it could never work coupled with human nature . 
  poor people are not the only ones who get greedy . 
  rich countries have greedy rich people too . 
  everyone is greedy . 
  trying to create an economic system around putting the nation above yourself ca n't work . 
  it was just a language confusion . 
  i thought you were talking about bahrain specifically because you said island . 
  but anyway , an island is completely surrounded by water . 
  a peninsula is mostly surrounded by water , like florida or jutland . 
  oh the arabian peninsula . 
  i thought you were talking about bahrain or something . 
  my cousin is from india and has never left the country her entire life . 
  finally she decides that she wants to go to grad school in trondheim . 
  yeah , she was n't aware that cold can actually get that cold . 
   the arabian island ? 
  i was there this past august and met hafth\u00f3r bj\u00f6rnsson at some bar in reykjavik . 
  it was awesome . 
   then greece will default , and even more of the debt held by the eu will go up in smoke . 
  actually the same amount will go up in smoke . 
  defaulting does n't magically wash away debt . 
  to default is to simply not service your debt obligations on time . 
  after defaulting , countries will usually try to negotiate with their creditors to pay a certain amount of cents on the dollar . 
  yeah , i live in atlanta and i could easily buy a 3 bedroom house for 2 years salary . 
  most of the us has very affordable real estate . 
  there are many americans who believe that the government has two responsibilities - protecting you from external enemies ( i.e. 
  having a military ) , and protecting you from people internally ( i.e. 
  having a police , court system , etc. ) . 
  from that point of view , government getting involved in other services is state interference . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_groups_in_the_united_states_by_household_income#by_ancestry_or_ethnicity the highest income ethnicity in the us are indian americans . 
  and yeah , most of them probably were n't born wealthy . 
  success is highly correlated with how hard you 're willing to work . 
  historical cost to host 2002 winter olympics in the us : $ 1.2 billion 2006 winter olympics in italy : $ 4.1 billion 2010 winter olympics in canada : $ 6.4 billion 2014 winter olympics in russia : $ 51.0 billion, 
  not an eu citizen , but one time i watched rt before i knew what it was , or what the acronym even stood for . 
  i do n't get rt on my tv in the us , but one time i had to travel to dubai for business . 
  i turned on the tv in my hotel room looking for english language news , and found rt. 
  within 15 minutes of switching to the channel , i had watched an investigative report about how the us was planning an imminent nuclear strike on russia , and had plans for a following nuclear strike on china within 2 years . 
  apparently there are people who actually believe this stuff . 
  you must have enough fuel units . 
  you must have enough lamborghinis . 
  [ ** you must construct additional pylons . 
  it 's not just fine , but it 's bad business strategy to * not * use debt if it fits into your optimal capital structure . 
  all companies have a targeted net debt leverage ratio , and going too far over or too far under that ratio is bad . 
  but of course , that debt needs to be used to fund future growth . 
  you do n't want to get into a situation where your cost of capital is higher than your return on invested capital . 
  new yorker here . 
  do n't know much about bbq , but that vinegary variety that you get in a certain part of nc sucks . 
  yes , it is still 3k in a year was my point . 
  insignificant . 
   a record number of people are renouncing their us citizenship lol 3k in a year . 
  last time russia did n't consider nato a natural enemy was in 1948 . 
  the borrower ... 
  yup , they 're the same . 
  generally for someone issuing debt , lower interest rates are more attractive and higher ones are less attractive . 
  you ca n't just cut off the last half of my sentence . 
  i said nobody is willing to lend them money at a low interest rate . 
  not that nobody is willing to lend them money at all . 
  of course if russia pays a high enough interest rate , speculative investors will buy their bonds . 
  i guess you and i have different ideas of an attractive interest rate then . 
  1.0 % of gdp interest payments on a debt to gdp of ~ 14 % does not seem attractive to me . 
   also , as for russia , their bonds are quite a hit , actually . 
  not sure what you 're trying to say here since it 's kind of vague . 
  are you trying to argue something that i said ? 
  there is a very simple reason why they have no debt . 
  nobody is willing to lend them money at an attractive interest rate . 
  their bond yields are higher than greece . 
  they had to cancel several bond auctions last year due to a complete lack of demand at the prices they were looking for . 
  but since russia 's interest rates are so high , their interest payments are 1.0 % of gdp , which is not that insignificant . 
  for example , us interest payments are 1.3 % of gdp . 
  their level of debt as it is right now is not unsustainable , but they do n't have as much leeway with their level of debt as people seem to think . 
   pkk demonstration turns violent did n't see that one coming, 
  wow , according to cbo projections of gdp growth , this level of spending would bring us military spending under 3 % of gdp . 
  it 's been trending in that direction for a while , but that 'd be a big milestone . 
  do n't government bonds generally have fixed coupons at the time of issuance ? 
  interest rates changing wo n't matter . 
  conclusion : kinder eggs reduce fertility edit : hmmm ... maybe we should be supplying south asia and africa with these kinder eggs .
