  stealing has many definitions , and it does n't necessarily mean that the other person loses it . 
  http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/steal?s=t  to take ( the property of another or others ) without permission or right , especially secretly or by force : ** edit ** : wait , did n't really pay attention to that part before . 
  you think intellectual property is propaganda ? 
  also smart tvs . 
  i have a smart tv with netflix and amazon built in , which is so convenient . 
  some people do n't like `` stealing '' though . 
  i 'm not moralizing or anything , but just saying why that would n't be a solution for everyone . 
   but at that point your company is paying for health care , so it 's not really so much of a cost . 
  yup , i do n't pay anything for healthcare above my premium contribution , which is minimal ( less than 1 % of income ) . 
  everything else is covered by my company or by insurance . 
  one thing that a lot of people outside the us do n't understand is that the healthcare system really only sucks if you 're poor . 
  not saying that poor people getting screwed is a good thing , but just saying the healthcare system is perfectly fine if you have a decent job . 
  yeah , to me it just seems like a bonus for someone who wanted to host a refugee anyway . 
  looking at my own monthly expenses , 350 euro would be enough to cover groceries . 
  holy shit , that is even cheaper than my city ( atlanta ) . 
  i always pictured milan as being an expensive city . 
  never been there though . 
  maybe if rubio or cruz are the candidate . 
  trump is way too polarizing and alienates way too many non-crazy people . 
  not just politicians , but too many people think security is simply a natural state of affairs in the first world , and any money spent on security is just wasted . 
  it 's kind of like how many people are opposed to vaccines . 
  when you 're so far removed from the disease that the vaccine stopped decades ago , you can get complacent and decide that the vaccine is not necessary . 
  i doubt the fine is going to be an amount that would cause them to go bankrupt . 
  join the party . 
  according to reddit , the us is responsible for the permian extinction . 
  indian american here . 
  would not go back . 
  i get the feeling that when you meet people face to face , a lot of the `` hate '' that you hear about disappears since you 're an actual person and not a generalization . 
  i always heard about how much french people hate americans , but have had nothing but good experiences with the french people that i 've met . 
  my mom is indian and so naturally hates muslims , even though she has a bunch of friends who are muslim . 
  she 's just like , oh yeah all muslims suck , except for the ones i 'm friends with . 
  yeah , i do believe that trump would bar brown people ( e.g. 
  erdogan ) from entering the country . 
  i think us universities are the avenue by which the highly skilled come in . 
  my dad immigrated here for school . 
  my cousin came here to study at wharton , which has an excellent mba program , and decided to stay and pursue citizenship . 
  3 of my other immigrant cousins are currently in grad school here . 
  this guy is in every thread talking about how the us is responsible for the bubonic plague , mongolian horde , permian extinction , etc. 
  just ignore him . 
  he 'll get bored eventually . 
  how is that ironic ? 
  maybe he thinks merkel is a disaster as well . 
  agreed , but what can we do aside from destroying their economy ? 
  only reason i 'd still work is to make enough money to live comfortably . 
  it has nothing to do with defining myself by my occupation . 
  1000 euro is not comfortable living , but if i could make the same salary i do now without working , i would absolutely just travel all the time . 
  you mean the people who could afford an education , which historically has mostly been the weathy . 
  ... who the hell is trying to move to dc ? 
  new york or bust . 
  probably also has something to do with the media not being owned by obama . 
  the current economy , as well as near full employment probably has something to do with it . 
  interesting look at the effectiveness of propaganda in russia vs. the us . 
  us opinion of putin : -44 % russian opinion of obama : -83 % literally the only number lower than -83 % in all those charts is -89 % for israeli opinion of rouhani . 
  it 's also interesting that much of europe dislikes putin more than the us . 
  i guess because you guys are closer . 
  but i assumed he would be most disliked in the us . 
   now russia is just canceling the favors yeah , i 'd say russia is doing just a tiny bit more in ukraine than just cancelling favors . 
  declaring bankruptcy would suck though too , would n't it ? 
   if putin honestly did want to align ethnic and national borders , rather than simply making use of them as a convenience when they serve a goal of expanding his borders , how does he justify the first chechen war and second chechen war ? 
  or how does he justify having all those regions in the south and east that are not majority ethnic russian ? 
  should n't he , for example , cede some of the majority ethnic mongol areas to mongolia ? 
  what makes you think i 'm looking for a us political circlejerk ? 
  i 'm more conservative leaning myself , but donald trump supporters tend to be very stereotypical . 
  i 've met quite a few of them since moving to georgia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jesusland_map the `` murica '' people generally come from states colored red here ( i.e. 
  they tend to be overly nationalistic and tend to vote republican . 
  i do n't know . 
  considering his voterbase , i would think support from putin could only be a bad thing . 
  these are the typical '' ` murica '' , or `` damn commies '' type of people . 
   and look at how they were richly rewarded a two state solution in 2000 , which was rejected by arafat ? 
  not sure if you 've seen this , but the french foreign minister predicted the invasion of crimea 6 years ahead of time . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uomukddilcs putin basically says that crimea is not a disputed area , he recognizes crimea as being part of ukraine , and that he does n't ever plan on invading . 
  i think he was making a joke . 
  corporations should not be taxed on global income first and foremost . 
  that is a big part of what is driving these tax inversion m & amp ; a deals . 
  and the effective tax rate needs to be more in line with the rest of the developed world . 
  there can be a small premium on the rate due to the attractiveness of doing business in the us , but the premium now is ridiculously high , with effective taxes on new capital investments at double the oecd average , and higher than any other developed country . 
  there has been a lot of misleading info about corporate taxes coming out since 2009 . 
  when you hear some news organization make the claim that in some specific year , a bunch of companies paid no taxes , that will almost certainly be due to carrying forward an nol , and a lot of companies had huge nols during the recession . 
   the u.s. also got dinged on the world banks ' tax component the us really needs to fix the outrageously high and ridiculously overreaching corporate tax system . 
  yeah i just moved down to georgia and everyone sounds like a bunch of hicks . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ( joke ), 
  that 's not even a language ... 
  i can tell a danish accent instantly because i used to work in shipping and literally every single senior manager they hired externally was from maersk . 
  perhaps some people believe that it is not the best idea to unilaterally annex part of a neighboring country through military force . 
  maybe the political avenue for separation was n't going anywhere ( which is also bad ) , but that does n't make the military avenue any less reprehensible . 
  he may be referring to the recent elections where the socialists ( i.e. 
  chavez 's party ) got destroyed . 
  i 'm not sure if that was due to external factors as much as it was due to the ineptitude of the socialists though . 
   the moment the price per barrel goes up it might go back up a bit , but the days of $ 115/barrel are over in the short to medium term . 
  perhaps in the very long term when people start running out of oil reserves ( assuming the world is still stuck on oil at that time ) . 
  but too much production is coming online to justify going back to where it was 2 years ago . 
  so the ruble may appreciate a little bit , but it certainly wo n't come close to 30 rubles/usd that it was trading at 2 years ago . 
  [ hewlett-packard ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-11-20/hewlett-packard-profit-forecast-8-8-billion-charge ) would like to have a word with you . 
  or aol time warner . 
  they 'd probably have something to say as well . 
  corporate acquisitions are not always a guarantee for more profit . 
  i do n't know much about polish politics , but i just googled this guy . 
  to compare it to american politicians , he sounds like a polish ron paul . 
  anyway , does n't surprise me that a far right euroskeptic politician would be pro-russia .
