  as for the central heating , the last time i heard , russia was supplying gas directly to the separatists and sending the bill to kyiv , so that should n't be too much of a problem . 
  not sure about the water . 
  ck2 player spotted, 
  i 'm sure you 'll get the argument that human rights is irrelevant if your main concerns are not having food in your belly or clothes on your back . 
  and that 's true to a certain degree . 
  but once a society advances to a point where that is no longer a major concern and people 's basic needs are largely being met , then that argument becomes invalid . 
   i do n't know why you say that , since there is clear evidence that dictatorships do work . 
   of course , the problem with dictatorship is that it relies on the dictator on being benevolent and competent . 
  in many cases ( mao zedong ) , the dictator is either malevolent or incompetent . 
  you answered your own question . 
  dictatorships are a very efficient form of government . 
  while they have a benevolent and competent dictator , a lot of good can get accomplished in a short time . 
  their efficiency is also their downfall when they get a less than competent dictator . 
  and that will often lead to instability and unrest . 
  i like albania now . 
  wow . 
  my salary is slightly less than that and my effective income tax rate is ~ 28 % . 
  i could n't imagine more than half my income being taken . 
  yeah i thought he might be stretching the truth . 
  50 % on 70k would be outrageous . 
  i assume the author would be referring to effective tax rate . 
  if not , then it 's just incredibly misleading . 
   some people pay more than 50 percent tax on incomes of 70,000 euros a year is this really true ? 
  the reason i ask is because it says `` some people '' , so i 'm wondering if it 's some small exception that affects a small portion of people making that much . 
  if it 's across the board 50 % effective tax rate on 70k euro income , that seems a bit excessive . 
   sweden has been in a recession since 2009 a recession is two consecutive quarters of negative gdp growth . 
  i do n't think sweden has been in a recession for several years . 
  maybe slow growth , but not a recession . 
  why does it always seem like there 's such a shortage of housing in much of europe ? 
  why are building developers not incentivized to build more property to meet the demand ? 
  is that sort of thing just heavily regulated or something ? 
  i would assume that your country probably also has a lower cost of living . 
  you should think of the 800 euros in purchasing power terms rather than in nominal terms . 
  yeah , depending on what property taxes are like , it could totally be not worth it . 
  i am from the northeast us , which tends to have higher property taxes in order to fund better school systems . 
  you get taxed annually at 6 % of the value of your property in my hometown . 
  add on to that that real estate tends to be pretty expensive in the northeast , and you 're looking at a shitload of extra annual cost to own a property . 
  my mom owns a tiny 120 sq m house , which is valued at $ 300k , and for which she has to pay $ 18k every year on . 
  last year i moved down to the deep south . 
  i live in the atlanta area , which is pretty much the most metropolitan area in the south , and property taxes down here are freaking 1 % . 
  add on to that the fact that real estate is dirt cheap , and you 've got some awesome bargains . 
  school systems suck , but i do n't plan on staying here when i have children anyway . 
   the entire region is marked by what is called karst topography , which consists of a porous network of rocks such as limestone and gypsum . 
  got it , the gypsies make the water green . 
   i havent read the article but what 's wrong with that ? 
  perhaps you should read it before making an assumption on what it 's saying ? 
  the point of the article is not to say that russia is doing something wrong . 
  it 's talking about how they do n't want syria to become another afghanistan for them . 
  the us does have free houses for sale in detroit . 
  i remember seeing an advertisement for a guy wanting to sell his house for a dollar . 
   one of the main arguments against orb\u00e1n from the jobbik-type people used to be that he is a puppet of soros is n't soros super left wing ? 
  and is n't orb\u00e1n ... not ? 
  that seems like kind of a strange connection to make . 
   btw there was no atempted coup , it was a plot to kill the pm sorry that was just my bad memory . 
  it was a long day and we were leaving the office at 7 , and my brain was n't completely switched on at that point . 
  there 's a croatian guy i work with who was actually just telling me about that yesterday . 
  we were talking about the ~ ~ attempted coup ~ ~ plot to kill the pm in montenegro , and then he started talking about how that does n't surprise him , and how tito was russian . 
   under the current plan , rosneft is due to buy the 19.5 percent stake itself so the proceeds can fund the budget before the end of the year . 
  rosneft would then resell the shares to investors some time in the first quarter of 2017 . 
  they 're selling the stake in the company to themselves . 
  although keep in mind that federal budget is about 20 % of gdp , so the numbers are n't comparable directly without adjustment . 
  4 % of the us federal budget today would be about 0.8 % of gdp . 
   economy ? 
  nope is this a joke ? 
  look at the state bush left the economy in when obama took over , and look where it is now . 
  unemployment is at historical lows , inflation-adjusted median household income has been back on the rise since 2012-2013 . 
  i 'd like to see by what standards you judge him to have done a poor job with the economy . 
  lol yup , good guess . 
  http://i.imgur.com/q7zirj7.png i think we got the same list . 
  what do those numbers mean ? 
  is it saying i 'd make $ 42k less in hk than i currently make ? 
   the us has a social elasticity index of about 0.5 . 
  this is in contrast to f.e. 
  denmark , at 0.15 . 
  if you want the american dream , go to europe or canada . 
  us is 0.47 uk is 0.50 , spain is 0.40 , france is 0.41 , switzerland is 0.46 , italy is 0.50 . 
  i like how you pick the lowest european country and then try to pretend like that is all of europe . 
   similarly , gini coefficient is irrelevant with regards to social mobility, 
   america , a country with the social mobility of an ant colony is this supposed to be a joke ? 
  the ethnicity with the highest median income in the us are [ indian immigrants ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_groups_in_the_united_states_by_household_income#by_ancestry ) , who come from complete destitute poverty . 
  my father started out his life on a rice farm in rural india , among the poorest people in the world . 
  he eventually made it to the global 1 % in the us through sheer hard work . 
  the big difference about social mobility in the us is that you have to actually work for it instead of the government handing it to you on a plate . 
  i would think most us geopolitical foes would be in favor of trump ( e.g. 
  perhaps it is not bound by treaty to do so in that region of the world , but i 'm fairly certain that if the us 's biggest political enemy in the americas decided to attack an ally , the us would jump at the opportunity . 
  i could be wrong though . 
   venezuela gathered their navy for a show of force in the caribbean netherlands , it ended up in sending two frigates in dutch territorial waters i 'm shocked that the us navy did n't take the opportunity for a bit of target practice . 
  winter weather favors the defender in a war . 
  russia knows this as well as the germans do . 
  or at least it did back in the day when logistics sucked . 
  how many parties have held the pm of finland in the last 50 years ? 
  wow , a whole extra party . 
   you have only two candidates what is aleppo ? 
  wow , that is a very interesting system . 
  do you by any chance know how share repurchases are handled ? 
  that would also be essnetially distributing profits to shareholders , but i wonder if it it 's handled the same as dividends . 
  you are confusing revenue with income . 
  x is revenue . 
  x-y is income . 
  however , in the case of the original post , the 30 that is reinvested would not be immediately tax deductible .
