   their currency will be almost worthless there is something to be said for carefully managing a devaluation to make your exports more competitive . 
  but you do n't want a worthless currency either . 
  that has problems of its own . 
  normally i make a fixed deposit in my brokerage account every month to buy stocks . 
  i 've held off for the past few months just waiting for the market to crash . 
  we 're at the end of the longest bull market aside from the 90s , and i need to get in when it hits the bottom . 
  you 're right , he was in fact not the second coming of christ . 
  what a failure . 
  did you hear that the us caused the permian extinction because they wanted to create oil with dead animal fossils ? 
  oh , almost forgot , petrodollar . 
  also , petrodollar . 
  seriously , with the state that bush left the country in , and where obama has brought it today , it blows my mind how some people think he has failed . 
  there are plenty of things that i disagree with him over , but he has not been anything close to a failure . 
  yeah , i remember this training material that they gave him to learn ( which he later gave me ) called wall st training or something like that . 
  it went through some of the absolute basics of accounting , financial statement analysis , and financial modeling . 
  i guess that shows they are hiring a lot of people who really have no background in finance . 
  an interesting thing i noticed is engineers also getting hired in completely non-traditional roles due to analytical abilities . 
  my brother did engineering at cornell , and ended up getting recruited into investment banking , where he still is 8 years later . 
  from what i understand , it 's very common among investment banks to recruit engineers . 
  wow , a port . 
  it 's not like they ca n't build another port along their very long black sea shoreline . 
  i am almost certain that investing to expand novorossiysk would have been cheaper than the invasion of ukraine . 
  of course there is no such thing as a free lunch , but that 's besides the point i was making . 
  what i was saying was that you do n't have to further deduct healthcare costs from a salary . 
  200 euros would almost cover my groceries . 
  yup , i live in a low cost of living area and my company hires engineers at $ 70k starting . 
  it used to be $ 60k a couple years ago , but we had to bump it up because we were n't getting enough good applicants . 
  i think a lot of companies are having to bump wages up due to the tightening labor market . 
  it 's a good time to put your resume out there and see what it 's worth . 
  i `` contribute '' a token $ 20 every paycheck ( or $ 40/month ) for my healthcare . 
  employer takes care of the rest . 
  for anyone with a halfway decent employment in the us , you 're not paying for your own healthcare out of your salary . 
  it 's those who are unemployed or have low skill jobs that get screwed . 
  agreed , i think that patriotism is overrated . 
  it 's kind of like the religion you were born with . 
  there 's nothing inherently superior about it . 
  the two things keeping me in the us are my family and the fact that i make a good living here . 
  if that were to change , i would leave . 
  is n't that exactly in line with what is to be expected ? 
  since many commodities are traded in dollars , a rise in the value of the dollar will cause commodities to fall , and a drop in the value of the dollar will cause commodities to rise . 
  commodities always go in the opposite direction of the dollar . 
  is that what slovakia is like ? 
  honestly not sure and ca n't look it up right now , but regardless , illegal immigrants are not entitled to many benefits that legal ones are , and cost the state a lot less money , while also basically being required to work in order to make a living . 
  they seem much less detrimental to the economy than legal migrants living off state benefits . 
  net migration from mexico including estimates of illegal immigration has gone negative as of 2015 as reported by ny times . 
  would post the link but i 'm on mobile . 
   the figures mark a significant shift since june , when 73 percent of migrants were adult males and only one in 10 were under the age of 18 . 
  yes , most were adult males . 
  apparently the demographics have changed . 
  do n't i remember an article on here a couple days ago saying that refugees will cost germany $ 50 billion within 2 years ? 
  seems like border controls are cheaper . 
  it is hiked . 
  the russian central bank has a target inflation rate of 4 % , and inflation remains in double digits . 
  it will be brought down as inflation comes down . 
  edit : by the way , holy shit , is that an interest rate above 200 % ? 
  bond yields are also 5-6 times higher than western countries . 
  do n't just look at the amount of debt , but also the cost of the debt . 
  i 'm not saying that debt level is unsustainable for them . 
  i do n't know what debt level is unsustainable for them . 
  i 'm just saying that 23 % of gdp number is misleading if you 're trying to compare it to western countries . 
  i think both situations are not ideal . 
  negative interest rates are being implemented to fend off deflation . 
  russia hiked interest rates to fend off high inflation . 
  in both situations , they would like to bring interest rates to a more reasonable level . 
  i like the cut of your jib . 
  those are all income taxes , i.e. 
  taxes on income . 
  yes , he is a high earner . 
  but certainly not a multimillionaire or billionaire . 
  if you want to tax the wealthy , you do it through taxes on wealth . 
  throwing on more income taxes wo n't do it . 
  i do n't know why you 're so stuck on federal . 
  you were the first person in the thread to mention federal . 
  i was talking about income taxes from the beginning . 
  if you 've ever looked at one of your paystubs , you 'd see a lot more taxes on there besides federal tax . 
  https://smartasset.com/taxes/new-york-tax-calculator go there , enter 600k as total income , enter area code as 10013 , and enter filing status as single . 
  then divide the total income tax by total income and tell me what percentage you get . 
  i know it seems unbelievable to pay almost half your income in income taxes , but there it is . 
   what should be done is that the government takes over more of the cost for everybody , and increases taxes on higher incomes to finance this , but we all know how likely this is in the case of the us . 
  higher incomes already get taxed quite a lot in the us . 
  for example , my brother 's income tax is 46 % . 
  if you 're looking to put extra taxes on rich people , you want to increase capital gains tax or the death tax . 
  both of those would target very wealthy people . 
  that is , tax wealth . 
  do n't further tax income . 
   it is kind of like this : if `` the taxpayer '' pays for and operates the universities , they will be cheaper , because `` the taxpayer '' ( understandably ) is a cheapskate . 
  from my work experience , i do n't know if i necessarily buy this reasoning . 
  government contracts are sought out like the holy grail because they will pay way above markets rates . 
  the reasoning i always assumed for this was because they were spending other people 's money , so they did n't really give a shit about bargaining for better rates . 
  honestly i 'm not sure what the actual reason is , but the government does seem pretty wasteful from my experience . 
   from what i understand the public state universities in the united states are not so expensive . 
  something that people do to lower the cost further is going to a community college for 2 years , which are incredibly cheap , and then transferring to a state university to finish off their last 2 years , which are more expensive than community colleges , but cheaper than private universities . 
  the real problem happens when people go to expensive private universities for 4 years for useless degrees . 
  i actually went to an expensive private university , but i knew it was for a field in which i would n't have any issues in paying back the debt . 
  it blew my mind how there were so many kids in art school at that university . 
  either they had super rich parents who were paying for their school , or they were in for a huge amount of debt and low pay after school . 
  and another problem is when people go to out of state public universities to `` get away from their parents '' . 
  i had a few friends who did this , and it was pretty stupid . 
  your tuition is subsidized if you go to a public university in your home state . 
  not necessarily .
