  * it 's not taking into account the actual cost to the company to hire the employee . 
  i know in the us , companies will generally assume an extra 35-40 % of their payroll to pay for employee benefits , and then you have payroll taxes as well . 
  so those extra hidden expenses can probably vary a lot from country to country . 
  so basically cnut 2.0 ? 
  it probably depends on how tight the labor market is , and how it is in your specific field . 
  for my first job out of college , i asked for 60 , and they came back with an offer for 65 , probably assuming that i would leave once i found out that other companies were paying more than 60 . 
  after all , it 's not just people who compete for jobs , but companies that compete for people . 
  but yeah , it 's all dependent on the labor market in your area . 
  that 's true , if you have no valuable skills to speak of . 
  if your skills are equal to some uneducated third worlder , why do you deserve more money than them ? 
  have you never gotten a job offer where they came back with a higher offer than what you asked for ? 
  the reason anyone would pay you higher is to keep you happy and working for them instead of their competitor . 
   fetus is just an organism in prenatal stage of life , it 's neither an organ like kidney , nor a gemete like sperm , all of these typical comparations are simply false and based on ignorance . 
  he was n't comparing a fetus to a kidney . 
  what you consider infanticide is factually incorrect ... 
  do you know the definition of infanticide ? 
  because infanticide is not legal anyhwere as far as i know . 
  i do n't think it 's just europe that hates trump ... a lot of conservative americans dislike him because he 's not a conservative . 
  a lot of liberals hate him for obvious reasons . 
  i think it depends on your age . 
  i 'm 27 , recently moved out of the downtown area of my city and into the suburbs about 10 miles out for cheaper rent . 
  it really was not worth it . 
  just the fact that i have to get in my car and drive if i want to go anywhere is such a pain in the ass . 
  and of course anytime you want to go out and have fun , you need to have a designated driver who is not going to drink . 
  i 'm definitely moving back to the downtown area when this lease is up . 
  that said , when i get older , get married , have kids , etc. , then maybe i will reconsider the suburban life . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-oil-shale-iduskcn0w20jh apparently the threshold for us shale has dropped quite a lot in the last year or two . 
  why is income gap even a concern ? 
  i would think a metric like median income or something like that would be more relevant . 
  i honestly do n't care how much the richest people are making if my real income is also rising . 
  i tried to go to austria and ended up in australia . 
  which simply means that people are demanding milkshakes . 
  if you ask for a milkshake , you get a milkshake . 
  if you ask for an americano , you get an americano without sugar . 
  it should be the same as any other store that makes coffee . 
  in other words , there 's only a ton of sugar in it if you want there to be a ton of sugar in it . 
   it 's not only overpriced black water . 
  there 's also a ton of sugar in it . 
  latte is not black water . 
  if you 're talking about black water ( i.e. 
  americano ) , there is no sugar in it . 
  once you start making special drinks with milk and sugar and essentially make it into a milkshake , it 's something different . 
  yes ... if you ask for sugar or put it in yourself . 
  i 'm not a big starbucks fan or anything , but i 've gotten coffee there a few times and they do n't put sugar in your coffee by default . 
  for me it 's the opposite . 
  i have bluetooth in my car , and a 45 minute commute home , so i always talk to people to pass the time . 
  i also hate texting and tend to just call people instead . 
  but yeah , if you would n't use it , no reason to have it . 
  oh , they limit your voice calls ? 
  that 's kind of lame . 
  never seen that in a plan . 
  but it is very cheap though . 
   and 200 minutes 200 minutes of what ? 
  i have n't seen that before . 
  saxons , and also the angles were germanic people . 
   there is no legal way for texas to secede they ca n't * unilaterally * secede . 
  they can secede if the other states agree to it . 
  it 's similar to how the uk gave scotland permission to hold a referendum . 
  i was born and raised in the northeast , and moved down to georgia for work . 
  even down here , i have not met a single person who wants to secede . 
  i 'm sure they exist , but they 're few and far between . 
  you can certainly try . 
  do n't try to confuse the issue . 
  they pay 46 % of all income taxes in the country . 
  that 's the fact that i was pointing out . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  you can claim they dodge taxes , but the simple fact is that they still pay 46 % of all income tax in the country . 
  yes , of course it 's cash income . 
  you ca n't tax people on unrealized gains ... that would be like taxing someone for capital gains if their house increased in value from last year , but they have no plans on selling it . 
  it would be ridiculous . 
  you only tax them when they sell the house and convert it to cash . 
  it 's income tax . 
  they earn 17 % of income in the country and pay 46 % of the country 's income taxes . 
  it 's very clearly stated in the article . 
   if the wealthy did n't offshore their wealthy that 46 % would be much lower . 
  actually , it 's the other way around . 
  the 46 % is n't their tax rate or something . 
  it 's the portion of national taxes that are paid by them . 
  if they did n't move their wealth somewhere else , they would have ended up paying a larger portion of national taxes . 
  no , it 's not . 
  they earn 17 % of national income . 
  but i do n't think them earning 17 % of income , and in turn paying 46 % of taxes equates to them dodging taxes , as people seem to think . 
  this sounds like the us , where [ the top 1 % pay 46 % of income tax , and the bottom 60 % pay 2 % of income tax ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2015/04/13/top-1-pay-nearly-half-of-federal-income-taxes.html ) . 
  but of course it 's the rich who are dodging their taxes and need their tax rates to be increased . 
   i dont get why poor americans support republican party . 
  poor americans by and large support the democrats . 
  rich americans by and large support the republicans . 
  there will of course be people on both sides of the income scale who support the opposite party . 
  most people do n't vote against themselves . 
  just google political party by income . 
  you 'll find a lot of information showing that lower income people tend to vote democrat , and higher income people tend to vote republican . 
  example : http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2012/11/does-your-wage-predict-your-vote/264541/, 
  dear lord thank you for this . 
  now i can shut up all the fucktards that complain about crumbling infrastructure . 
  i do n't know if all the americans on reddit live in flint or something . 
  yes , let 's just pretend the old testament is not part of your holy text . 
  you 're making the claim that jesus is the only prophet of catholicism , which is simply untrue . 
  the old testament exists . 
  get over it . 
  as long as the old testament remains a part of your holy text , i would think .
