  we know where those parties get their funding from . 
   basically russia is shooting at his foot the history of russia boiled down to 7 words . 
  unfortunately the only way for that to happen is for the pipeline to go through either iraq or syria . 
  assad is beholden to russia , who would not want competition and thus deny a gas pipeline through syria . 
  and iraq is a shitshow . 
  only way i could see it happening is if a pro-russian government no longer exists in syria , and the country regains stability . 
  honestly , a gas pipeline from iran is probably more likely . 
   access to black sea denied to russia . 
  not really . 
  russia has plenty of access to the black sea . 
  they would simply have had to expand the military capabilities of another of their black sea ports , such as novorossiysk . 
  i would assume that expanding a port would be much cheaper than the expense they 've incurred from the invasion of crimea . 
  i know what you did last summer . 
  it 's the same logic that people use against gay people . 
  they do n't like it being shoved in their face or whatever . 
  well if you do n't like gay marriage , do n't get gay married . 
  simple . 
  i remember reading that the guy who was appointed to lead crimea was literally in the mob , and his street name is the goblin . 
  lol pretty crazy . 
  cool name though . 
  and of course throw in something about the evil bankers for good measure . 
  i do n't know , the city that i 'm currently living in ( atlanta ) benefitted greatly from hosting the olympics . 
  then again , that was almost 20 years ago . 
  perhaps that was a different time . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2014-01-02/the-2014-winter-olympics-in-sochi-cost-51-billion my favorite part is regarding a 28 mile highway that was built for sochi . 
   the state agency that oversaw the infrastructure project is russian railways , or rzhd . 
  the agency 's head is vladimir yakunin , a close associate of vladimir putin . 
  among russians , the project is famous for a different reason : its price tag . 
  at $ 8.7 billion , it eclipses the total cost for preparations for the last winter olympics in vancouver in 2010 . 
  a report by opposition politicians boris nemtsov and leonid martynyuk calculated that the russian state spent three times more on the road than nasa did for the delivery and operation of a new generation of mars rovers . 
  an article in russian esquire estimated that for the sum the government spent on the road , it could have been paved entirely with a centimeter-thick coating of beluga caviar . 
  assuming the supply of jobs is stagnant , which is n't the case . 
  skilled migrants take jobs and make jobs , just like locals . 
  i completely support doing whatever is possible to attract skilled migrants to the us . 
  yeah , this guy always posts pro russian trash . 
  you can ignore him . 
  do you think that countries should be purely isolationist with their militaries and not send them outside their borders ? 
  or do you think they should pick and choose more carefully which conflicts they get involved in ? 
  thought you were going to post [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1kvplb6.jpg ) . 
  military equipment is a different category from any other goods . 
  they are already trading quite a lot . 
  china is not loyal to russia . 
  [ china is loyal to itself ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/monkey-cage/wp/2015/07/24/hey-putin-have-you-seen-how-much-china-is-investing-in-ukraine/ ) . 
  ~ ~ us produces anthracite , and shipping rates have been dirt cheap the past few years . 
  us already exports a lot of coal to europe . ~ ~ edit : actually china produces * a lot more * anthracite than the us . 
  that seems like a better source . 
  especially since china has supposedly been trying to switch over from coal to natural gas . 
  i 'm sure they 'll start having excess coal that needs to go somewhere . 
  if it was natural gas , that would be difficult to replace because of the infrastructure required . 
  you ca n't just build a new pipeline to another supplier out of the blue . 
  but coal is abundant and seems like something that is pretty simple to replace . 
  why is finland full of poors ? 
  so you do n't disagree that certain immigrant groups are better than others , but you just do n't like to talk about it ? 
  are you implying that some immigrant groups are not better than other immigrant groups in general ? 
   it is actually not as bad as i thought it would be i guess how shocking it is to you depends on how familiar you are with the different regions displayed there . 
  but i would guess that many westerners would n't expect 64 % of egyptians , or 58 % of jordanians , or 53 % of malaysians to support executions for anyone who leaves islam . 
  i was just watching the news yesterday morning , and they were interviewing some sort of `` counter-terrorism expert '' who said that terrorists are now training in how to encrypt their communications . 
  it just made me laugh a little bit . 
  and then i also found out yesterday that the university i graduated from was contracted by the fbi in order to break the anonymity in tor . 
  sad day . 
   you leave islam ? 
  you die . 
  for anyone who thinks this is some fringe , extremist belief , it 's not . 
  this is mainstream islam . 
  http://i.imgur.com/a3d2vqh.png http://i.imgur.com/hxi9n1k.png http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/, 
   for me , europe is very much like africa rekt, 
  a bad driver can kill you whether or not you 're in their car . 
  if the driver is so bad , they should n't be driving in the first place . 
  you being in the backseat of their car does n't make them a worse driver suddenly . 
  if you send him our way , we 've got a little place in cuba where he can be locked away and forgotten about . 
  you do n't worry about dying in a car accident ? 
  honestly , the biggest reason i bought the car that i did is because of its safety ratings . 
   if i remember correctly , russia has the biggest gold reserve in the world they have ~ 1300 tonnes of gold according to the central bank of russia 's latest report on october 31 . 
  that is not close to the largest in the world . 
  what is more important than their gold reserves are their foreign currency reserves . 
  however , those are n't exactly infinite , and could absolutely not fund a 4-5x increase in military budget for more than a year or two . 
  kebabs are fine . 
  it is the muslims to the south and east of the kebabs that are the problem . 
   people also fail to realize that it did n't actually fall 4.1 % in third quarter , it fell 4.1 % annualized . 
  so if all quarters of a year are this bad , it will be a 4.1 % drop . 
  this is actually incorrect . 
  it fell 4.1 % year over year . 
  that means that it fell 4.1 % during the period from q3 2014 to q3 2015 . 
  when quarterly gdp results are announced , they do n't just take the change during the quarter and annualize it . 
  that would n't make a lot of sense since it ignores seasonality . 
  they look at the gdp now , the gdp 12 months ago , and figure out the difference . 
  i did n't think of myself as much of a kebab person either until one time when i had to go to dubai on business . 
  i ordered lamb kebab at some persian restaurant , and it was glorious . 
  i 'm not sure how the kebab is in the uk , but the kebab i 've had in the us just does n't compare to kebab in the middle east . 
  same goes for the dates . 
  they should learn from iceland and just surround themselves with large frigid seas . 
  now i 'll watch a german show and we can swap notes . 
  people who do n't like get speeding tickets generally drive within 10 mph of the speed limit . 
  i 'm pretty sure dodge chargers are designed for the american market . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong though . 
  oh great , you can accelerate really fast for about 4 seconds until you get up to the speed limit . 
  i never understood the commercials highlighting how cars can drive really fast , as if you can ever fully utilize that on the road . 
  i just bought a passat . 
  they 're having super deals right now . 
  no , i think he 's keen on finding out what polonium tastes like .
