  it will obviously depreciate over time . 
  however , you expect it to have some salvage value when you decide to get rid of it and get a new car . 
  if the salvage value of your car drastically decreases due to some scandal you had no control over , you 're not going to be very happy because you will be losing a lot more money whenever you decide to trade it in . 
   they also plan to liquidize 5 % in the near future , which will result in providing them with a hideous amount of money , enough to purchase apple , google and amazon all together . 
  this is simply false . 
  saudi aramco is thought to be valued in the range of $ 2 - $ 4 trillion . 
  5 % of that would be $ 100 - $ 200 billion . 
  apple has a market cap of $ 576 billion , google has a market cap of $ 535 billion , and amazon has a market cap of $ 366 billion . 
  and that 's only equity value . 
  let 's not forget that enterprise value is always higher than equity value . 
   `` the communists and germany jointly invaded poland , sparking off the second world war . 
  that is , communism and nazism closely collaborated , yet for some reason they blame bandera who was in a german concentration camp for declaring ukrainian independence '' . 
   russia 's supreme court has now agreed that ** this paragraph ** constitutes `` the public denial of the nuremberg trials and circulation of false information about the activities of the ussr during the years of the second world war '' . 
  they 're referring specifically to this fact . 
  also , not related to the supreme court , but more ridiculousness  there are also two russian courts willing to agree that since the nuremberg trials did not mention the soviet invasion , the information was ` knowingly false ' . 
  apparently because the soviet invasion was not mentioned at the nuremburg trials , it means saying that there was a soviet invasion is a public denial of the nuremburg trials . 
  not misleading title if you read further down . 
  he was charged with :  circulation of false information about the activities of the ussr during the years of the second world war they said that what he said was false information , or in other words , denying that the ussr collaborated with the nazis in the invasion of poland . 
  did n't you fellows get converted ? 
  sugar and ketchup are n't the same thing . 
  i like ketchup on my burgers . 
  i would n't like sugar as much . 
  it does n't taste the same , and it does n't have the same texture . 
  one thing i never understood about alcoholic hallucinogens is that alcohol is something that people who are having a bad trip drink in order to dampen their trip . 
  i feel like with something like absinthe , you 're just partially counteracting the drug you 're taking . 
  also the social security trust fund is the main creditor . 
  china owns about 6-7 % of us debt . 
  yup , but what i was saying was it 's the jobs that matter . 
  people are happy to move after university for a job opportunity . 
  central republic , i.e. 
  most of the good jobs are in paris . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  do you have to cut the budget to bailout the banks ? 
  the us both bailed out the banks and had a stimulus program ( i.e. 
  opposite of austerity ) . 
  they do n't seem to be mutually exclusive . 
  pretty much all of the people i know in the us who went to top universities do not work anywhere near where they went to school . 
  i have 3 cousins who went to princeton ( east coast ) - two work on the west coast and one works in chicago . 
  my brother went to cornell and first worked in baltimore before moving to nyc . 
  i went to carnegie mellon and only one person i know from there stuck around in pittsburgh . 
  i do n't think it 's because top universities are near paris . 
  maybe it 's because a lot of the good jobs are there . 
  people tend to be very mobile after graduating university . 
  i do n't know exactly how ballistic missile defense works , but is there a big difference between an icbm sitting in poland or sitting in the us . 
  are they easier to intercept if they 're coming from further away ? 
  or on the other hand , an icbm sitting in cuba or russia ? 
  i agree with the general idea that if you can get someone to genuinely change/rehabilitate , that should be the ultimate goal of the criminal/justice system . 
  i guess i 'm just a bit skeptical of how likely you would be to rehabilitate a terrorist , and of course wary of the risks of letting out a terrorist who has n't rehabilitated , and who is even more angry at the country for locking him up for a few years . 
  at the end of the day , it should be up to the decision of the experts in the relevant field to decide if these people are genuinely changed , and i guess i 'm not comfortable with a specific time limit where you let them out even if they have n't changed . 
  are there no conspiracy laws in europe ? 
  for example , i know in the us that conspiracy to commit murder is itself a criminal act . 
  i would assume it is a lesser sentence than murder of course . 
  how likely is it that you can rehabilitate someone who wants to commit mass murder ? 
  honest question because i have no experience with anything like that . 
  it seems to me that someone who is that mentally disturbed would be difficult/impossible to rehabilitate . 
  this is true , but new cogen technologies can also potentially cut down a lot on industrial gas use . 
  i work on the finance side , so i do n't know a lot of details about how it works on the operational or engineering side , but i know my company has been allocating a lot of our capex over the past few years towards cogen projects to reduce natural gas usage . 
  so maybe we ca n't completely replace industrial gas usage , but perhaps we can reduce it significantly . 
   of greater relevance is daesh , an acronym of isil 's arabic name al-dawlah al-islam\u012byah f\u012b al-\u02bbir\u0101q wa-al-sh\u0101m . 
  daesh , or da'ish ( \u062f\u0627\u0639\u0634 ) , has been widely used by isil 's arabic-speaking detractors , although -- and to a certain extent because -- it is considered derogatory , as it resembles the arabic words daes ( lit . 
  `` one who crushes , or tramples down , something underfoot '' ) and d\u0101his ( loosely translated : `` one who sows discord '' ) . 
  within areas under its control , isil considers use of the acronym daesh punishable by flogging or cutting out the tongue . 
  you 're assuming the person looking is unemployed , which is usually not the case . 
  right now i 'm employed . 
  i have food . 
  if i go looking for another job , i 'm not at risk of losing food . 
  i can simply reject bad offers . 
  how does that matter ? 
  like i said , if you do n't like how your current company is treating you , you can always go somewhere else . 
  people have to compete for jobs , and companies have to compete for people . 
  what power does a multinational corporation have over workers ? 
  since graduating university , i 've switched companies every 1-2 years to pursue a higher salary being offered somewhere else . 
  i 'm not forced to stay at one company . 
   also , you ignored i think the much more pertinent point about the death penalty being thought of as totally justified for pedophiles and rapists by many , and yet many more would advocate some form of castration . 
  you mean the point that you specifically said you have no stats to point to ? 
   i would hold that gassing , lethal injection , or any form of death penalty of a convict is equally as barbaric and bizarre i 'm in no way in favor of the death penalty , but you believe having a death penalty mostly for murderers is equivalent to executing people for leaving a religion ? 
  okay . 
   there are 1.6 billion muslims in the world , you 've put the magnifying glass over a handful . 
  yes , if you read my post , you 'll see that i singled out middle eastern muslims . 
  i 'm not talking about indonesians or albanians . 
  a small minority of muslims that commit terrorist acts , but [ a large majority of middle eastern muslims that have insane beliefs ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ ) . 
  85 % of afghan muslims , 75 % of pakistani muslims , and 75 % of palestinian muslims believe adulterers should be stoned to death . 
  79 % of afghan muslims , 64 % of pakistani muslims , 64 % of egyptian muslims , and 58 % of jordanian muslims believe that anyone who tries to leave islam should be executed . 
  i think he was being sarcastic . 
  or at least i hope so . 
  edit : based on his other posts , yeah , he was being sarcastic . 
  yup , a certain religion has a long tradition of marrying children . 
  does n't mean we should tolerate it in our own countries for the purpose of `` religious tolerance '' or whatever bullshit . 
  sweden, 
  a year is not a point in time . 
  a year is ... a year . 
  it has a beginning point and an endpoint . 
  a snapshot is something that you can measure at one point in time ( e.g. 
  an exchange rate ) . 
  yes , the exchange rate is a snapshot . 
   gdp is a snapshot in time of the economy of a country no , not at all . 
  the exchange rate may be a snapshot , but gdp itself is not a snapshot . 
  it is the value of goods and services produced over a certain period of time . 
  what about corporate subsidies ? 
  what if you started small with just a few core countries that have high support for it ?
