  you do n't need it until you do . 
  as a % of gdp , military budget is already the lowest it 's been since the great depression . 
  i know liberals would love if we spent $ 0 on the military , but that 's just as unrealistic as bush 's spending levels . 
  you could very easily argue that cannae was worse than teotoberg forest . 
  3 million isis supporters ?!, 
  holy shit ... 
  i will visit when i get the chance . 
  i do n't have a single `` vacation spot '' , but try to visit a different place each time i go on vacation . 
  i do n't think i would have ever visited egypt even 10 years ago , but now i 'm definitely not going . 
  my opinion of turkey has n't changed . 
  already been to greece , so i probably wo n't go back , at least for a long time . 
  did you respond to the wrong post ? 
  i said to tax them on profits . 
  anyway , it has nothing to do with the size of the company , and a lot more to do with the profit margin of the company . 
  taxing revenue would be disastrous for any company , small , medium , or large , that has a thin profit margin . 
  there are plenty of industries that have thin profit margins by nature . 
  my industry is one of them , and my company has ~ 5 % profit margins even though it 's a large , publicly traded company . 
  i think that qualifies for an american citizenship . 
  being right wing is not equivalent to being racist . 
  it 's typical racist rhetoric . 
  tax profits as a proportion of revenue generated by country ? 
  it 's easy to shift profits . 
  it 's not as easy to shift revenue . 
  sometimes people conflate the semi wealthy with the ultra wealthy . 
  my brother is part of the former . 
  his income is roughly 500k and he is taxed at the us 's highest marginal tax rate . 
  an 80 % tax rate would absolutely be a big deal for him , and it has nothing to do with him trying to amass wealth for the sake of amassing wealth . 
  if you 're a highly skilled individual who lives in a country that confiscates most of your income , you 'd be highly incentivized to work in another country that allows you to at least keep a portion of what you earn . 
  damn , their currency really has been battered over the past couple months , has n't it ? 
  i have n't really been paying attention to it . 
   the us , the former soviet union and the post-soviet states who wanted to join nato should have `` redefine [ d ] a zone in central europe that would not be accessible to nato with its military structures , '' putin said . 
  instead , nato embarked on an `` expansion to the east , '' allowing the post-soviet baltic states -- estonia , latvia and lithuania -- to join the organization . 
  this resulted from the us ' desire for `` complete victory over the soviet union '' after the cold war ended in 1991 , putin claimed . 
  so in other words , russia wants to maintain its sphere of influence in eastern europe , and is mad because nobody wants to be a part of its shitty club . 
   putin , however , conceded that russia has made its own mistakes since the end of the cold war . 
  `` we were too late , '' he said . 
  `` if we had presented our national interests more clearly from the beginning , the world would still be in balance today . '', 
  in other words , we should have invaded baltics and other ee countries sooner to re-establish our sphere of influence , before they were accepted into nato . 
  # 6k on average , but i imagine that out of that average , poor people are getting more than # 6k . 
  would # 6k for a full household be enough if that 's your only income ? 
  what i 'm trying to get at it is , can ubi fully replace other welfare programs ? 
  it seems like there would have to be something supplemental for people with no other income . 
  so you believe that ubi can be paid for without changing tax rates ? 
  supporting your society is great . 
  paying 79 % tax is ridiculous . 
  the article is arguing for a 79 % tax rate , which is a bit ridiculous . 
  it 's essentially what happened to detroit . 
  idiot demagogue mayor drove out all the upper and upper middle class , which destroyed the tax base , which left the city severely underfunded . 
  they 'd probably just shift to stable societies that have lower tax rates . 
  there 's an old joke that there 's more irish people in the us than there are in ireland , and there 's more american companies in ireland than there are in the us . 
   more tax are gained from the general population than the fewer rich . 
  not sure about sweden , but that 's definitely not true in the us . 
  * [ top 1 % pay 46 % of income tax ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2015/04/13/top-1-pay-nearly-half-of-federal-income-taxes.html ) * [ top 10 % pay 68 % of income tax ] ( http://www.heritage.org/federalbudget/top10-percent-income-earners ) * [ top 20 % pay 84 % of income tax ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/top-20-of-earners-pay-84-of-income-tax-1428674384 ) * [ bottom 50 % pay 3 % of income tax ] ( http://www.heritage.org/federalbudget/top10-percent-income-earners ), 
  perhaps because you 're making the argument in the wrong situation ? 
  the refugee crisis in germany is more directly impacted by germany 's failed refugee policy . 
  it was also more directly impacted by assad attacking his population and starting a civil war . 
  of course it 's easier to just blame the problem on the us . 
  that way nobody else has to take responsibility for their own fuck ups . 
  in fact , merkel is probably just a cia spy who let all the refugees in . 
  bush did not cause the current refugee crisis . 
  i do n't know why you keep going off topic . 
  i know you 're upset at your government 's idiotic policy regarding the refugees , but you 're not going to guilt trip anyone to try to deal with your problem . 
  `` destablizing the region '' is incredibly vague . 
  the current refugee crisis started with assad massacring his people . 
  it was amplified by the open door policy . 
  right , it has nothing to do with assad massacring his own people or merkel 's retarded policy of inviting hundreds of thousands of people in . 
  the us is completely responsible for the refugee crisis . 
  i 'm happy with my government 's policy regarding refugees . 
  we already have one refugee on trial for providing support to isis , and another on trial for traveling back to fight with isis . 
  i 'll say no thanks to any more of them . 
  if someone shoots firecrackers at a police officer , the police officer should shoot back . 
  if you 're literally being shot at , then you need to respond . 
  welfare and open borders do n't work well together . 
  you need one or the other . 
  not both . 
  the only way i could see both working together is if welfare is restricted to citizens . 
  the police should probably respond in some way if people are shooting firecrackers at them . 
  maybe water cannons . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmuylirsjxi perhaps something like that could be useful to disperse these crowds . 
  when it comes to refugees , my two favorite things are the atlantic ocean and the pacific ocean . 
   fifth , how could anyone possibly imagine that among a million people from anywhere there would n't be some proportion of nasty , sleazy misogynists ? 
  a british legal history that includes the withholding of all manner of basic rights from women suggests that there 's nothing racially or religiously inherent in chauvinism . 
  yeah , no . 
  misogynists are definitely more prevalent in certain cultures . 
   it is utterly unrealistic to expect all those brought up in fundamentalist religious cultures -- conservative islam being the largest , but by no means the only such culture -- to be able suddenly and completely to ditch all aspects of the pervasive environment they were brought up in . 
  if they ca n't live in a civilized country , then kick them out . 
   consistent intellectual effort needs leadership . 
  unfortunately , help with such effort from secular and religious leaders in the middle east and north africa seems to be in very short supply . 
  in europe , the leader who both champions and embodies such efforts far better than anyone else is angela merkel . 
  it 's sad that folk are willing to seize on the tawdry , cowardly actions of a bunch of destructive , selfish , dangerous sexual abusers to disparage and traduce her bravery , optimism and humanity . 
  merkel is the one to take guidance and inspiration from , not them . 
  so basically the left must admit nothing . 
  let 's just all follow merkel and let in a million more . 
  i was surprised this was coming from the guardian after reading just the title . 
  now i see it 's their same trash they normally put out . 
  the title is just misleading . 
  you should watch the mental gymnastics when they 're talking about how many people saudi arabia executes , and then you mention how iran executes 4 times as many people . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/keag4wt.jpg ) is basically how i imagine europe right now . 
  the reason i put it in quotes is because it 's such a controversial topic . 
  anyway , i view the word `` sharing '' used in that context as being just as propagandistic as `` stealing '' , given the connotation of sharing .
