  and d ) no political instability, 
  interesting . 
  unfortunately i 'm flying out of atlanta , but nyc is `` home '' for me , and i plan on moving back within the next year or so . 
  might be something to look into then . 
  i 'm also factoring in my cell phone , internet , other utilities , and car payment . 
  i also spend more on groceries , but i suppose that could be cut down if i was poor and needed to skip a meal here and there . 
  i live in a suburb of atlanta . 
  yes , yes , i obviously stated there is a difference in cost of living . 
  still struck me as being very large that it is by a factor of 4-5 . 
  xe will not show intraday fluctuations i assume . 
   the currency and domestic market just reflects a really low moment - when things get better , the currency will rise again you 're making a big assumption here . 
  5 or 6 rubles could buy you one dollar back in the 90s . 
  then 1998 rolled around and it shot up to 30 rubles to a dollar . 
  you might have thought at that point that it will inevitably come back down to the `` correct '' price of 6 rubles to a dollar , so it 's a great time to invest in real estate . 
  it never did . 
  playing with fx like that is a good way to get burned if you do n't really know what you 're doing . 
  hamburg from what i remember . 
  zeebrugge might be the second busiest in belgium , but there are some big ones in germany , uk , and spain that probably have more traffic . 
  bremerhaven , felixstowe , valencia , and algeciras all come to mind . 
  you 're right , i do n't have any experience with that . 
  at the same time , i guess i just never thought of the average person in russia being poor though . 
  i used to work in container shipping . 
  it 's probably because rotterdam has the busiest container terminal in europe , and antwerp has the 3rd busiest . 
  i do n't know if putin 's going to be rescuing any russian minority in nato . 
  but yeah , i do n't see why germany would want it back at this point . 
  i want to visit poland but the airfare is so expensive . 
  i wish central and eastern europe were closer . 
  i do n't mean to sound rude or anything , but just curious how people survive on that . 
  is everything just very cheap ? 
  i live in a very low cost of living area in the us and there is no way i could find an apartment for $ 350/month , let alone cover my groceries and other expenses . 
  looking at my budget and stripping out all of the `` extras '' , like travel , entertainment , eating out , and anything else non-essential , i would need about $ 1500 to live at a subsistence level . 
  i understand things might be cheaper in russia , but is it really that much cheaper ? 
  lol oh okay that 's fine then . 
  wow think about that . 
  more than 1 out of every 1,000 people gets murdered . 
  my company has about 1,000 people in our hq . 
  i could n't imagine 1 of our employees getting murdered every year on average . 
  i probably sound stupid , but is it safe to visit venezuela ? 
  i 've heard they have one of the world 's highest murder rates . 
  as a tourist it must not be particularly safe to be walking around caracas . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate yeah , they 're in 2nd place after honduras . 
  wow , that 's like 10-15 cents a pound . 
  why is potato so cheap ? 
  i think you might be confusing the euro and the eu . 
  looks like the above poster was talking about the euro . 
  you mean like zidane ? 
  yup , the us spends 3 % of gdp on its military while germany spends 1.1 % . 
  if you take both of those out , it increases the gap by 1.9 % . 
  is that amount including what is being paid by the employer ? 
  for me , i have $ 20 taken out of each paycheck for my insurance , and i have 24 paychecks a year , so it 's $ 480 . 
  $ 8,152 seems crazy high . 
  i do n't have co-payments anymore , but my first job out of college required me to pay $ 20 anytime i wanted to see the doctor . 
  1 % is low , but remember that 's only a fraction of what 's being paid . 
  most is being paid by the employer . 
  i 'm talking about people in the middle class . 
  honestly i do n't know how finances for poor people works . 
  but yes , for middle class people , your company will cover the majority of your healthcare costs behind the scenes . 
  the amount that you pay is a fraction of the amount that is actually being paid . 
  so you only deduct about 1 % for healthcare from your gross income to get to disposable income . 
  holy shit , is government spending really 57 % of gdp ? 
  or were you exaggerating ? 
  unless they specifically mention disposable income , they are talking about gross income most likely , which is before taxes , healthcare , and pension . 
  healthcare will usually be around 1 % of income , pension will usually be about 4-6 % of income depending on how much they choose to save , and taxes will be about 25-30 % for most people in the middle class . 
  so if you want to do quick math to convert gross income to disposable income , just take 1/3 off their gross to get to disposable . 
  for me personally , my disposable income is 66.18 % of gross income , so the 1/3 rule gets you quite close . 
   wages in urban areas are often higher . 
  not enough to compensate for higher costs of living though . 
  i 'm living in atlanta right now . 
  could i get a higher salary in nyc ? 
  absolutely . 
  would it be enough to compensate for the 5x higher rent ? 
  absolutely not . 
  i 'm planning on moving there anyway because all my friends and family are there , but i understand that i will likely take an effective income cut even if i get a large nominal salary increase when moving . 
  i just checked glassdoor . 
  the atlanta average salary for my position is $ 79k . 
  the nyc average is $ 87k . 
  there is no way in hell that $ 8k would make up the col difference . 
  right , not before housing costs . 
  that was his point . 
  not sure what you 're trying to say . 
  my point is that it might be a large increase for them , but its minimal compared to other large oil producers . 
  so its impact seems to be overexaggerated . 
  right , i 'm talking about its impact on the global markets though . 
  not sure if effective propaganda or shitty mother . 
  probably a bit of both . 
  i think it has something to do with the media not being directly controlled by the state . 
  yes , the media usually toes the government 's line , but i think it 's still different not being literally run by the government . 
  i 'm confident that the government could make more effective propaganda if they controlled the media outlets . 
  is that it ? 
  do n't the saudis export something like 10 million barrels a day ? 
  considering how much everyone 's been talking about iran coming into the market and destroying oil prices , that does n't seem like much . 
  according to reddit , executing gay people is progressive . 
  putin says that low oil prices are the biggest factor in the shitty russian economy right now , but that sanctions are also very harmful . 
   you have 2 neighbours not sure why you 're under the impression that security threats can only come from neighbors . 
  do i agree with all of the us 's foreign policy decisions ? 
  does that mean that i think it would be rational to reduce our military spending by 90 % ? 
  absolutely not . 
  i think much of the first world has grown complacent over the last 60 years , thinking that security is simply a natural state of affairs , and no resources need to be dedicated towards it . 
  security is an insurance policy . 
  it 's a waste of money until it 's not .
