  are there countries in the eu that have high support for a use ? 
  if it keeps trump stuck there , i 'll pay for it . 
  france also pushed for the libya intervention . 
  so i guess france is also hawkish . 
  hillary is mostly a continuation of obama , who has not been bad for us . 
  maybe we can build a wall around scotland so he ca n't come back . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjbjjp8wsbc yeah , that 's the guy we want leading our country . 
  as corrupt as hilary may be , at least she does n't look at bread lines in venezuela and think that 's an example to follow . 
   trump does so the us * really * does not benefit from this . 
  edison , new jersey . 
  or really new jersey in general . 
   meanwhile the current president gave up closing down guantanamo because it would be to unpopular in an election year . 
  this is just worrisome . 
  this is actually incorrect . 
  obama is still trying to close guantanamo . 
  the attorney general just blocked one of his plans to expedite the process . 
  he 's still trying to close it down before he leaves office . 
  voting in radical change usually does n't work out too well . 
  i was just saying that what they wrote was incorrect . 
  not trying to disprove your point or anything . 
  http://i.imgur.com/uoydglg.png there 's all the public institutions they accept money from . 
  private is probably a better word to use than individual . 
  the 92 % includes donations from private companies . 
  92 % of their income is private and 8 % public . 
  that 's because the scandinavians pillaged england and took all the hot women . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_groups_in_the_united_states_by_household_income#by_ancestry indian americans are by far the highest paid ethnicity in the us , and i do n't think it 's because they 're incompetent . 
  i went to a top 3 computer science university in the us ( carnegie mellon ) , and 3 of my math professors were romanian . 
  even the experts thought the same about trump . 
  even when he was polling above everyone else , his vegas odds were shit because everyone just assumed his popularity would eventually just fizzle out . 
  i guess most people had higher expectations of the general us population . 
  we do if people look beyond the two main parties . 
  gary johnson has been polling in double digits . 
  if there 's anytime that a third party candidate has a chance of winning , now is that time . 
  gary johnson is a good choice . 
  not that i support him , but considering the sheer amount of people that are supporting him , i 'd say that he also has a broad spectrum of individuals and backgrounds supporting him . 
  the big issue i have with bernie is that i tend to like having a functioning economy , so that kind of rules him out for me . 
  and all of the republican candidates were nutjobs for the most part . 
  i do n't know why they ca n't put out a single reasonable candidate . 
  that 's kind of vague and does n't really answer my question . 
  what 's so terrible about her policies ? 
  what 's so terrible about hillary 's policies ? 
  i wo n't be voting for her ( voting for gary johnson ) , but i do n't know of any extreme/crazy positions that she holds . 
  out of the candidates in the main two parties , she was probably the only relatively sane one . 
  i operate under the assumption that social security will be gone by the time i retire in the us . 
  i basically just view it as an extra tax that i will never see again . 
  not as a savings for retirement . 
  using their [ 2014 budget ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_budget_of_switzerland#expenditure_categories ) , switzerland spent 21.8 b chf on welfare programs . 
  where does the other 180 b chf come from ? 
  https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs france is 1,473 hours/year . 
  uk is 1,677 hours/year . 
  france is the 5th lowest in the oecd after germany , netherlands , norway , and denmark . 
  maybe . 
  i 'm not very well informed on how free trade agreements work so i have no clue . 
  it 's hard . 
  i work in financial planning at a multinational , so i have a reasonable understanding of how it works , but the tax planners are the real experts on the subject . 
  my company is a vertically integrated manufacturing company . 
  what this means is that we have more than one level of production , and outputs from one level of production feed as inputs into other levels of production . 
  we have all of our base level manufacturing in the us and canada , and some of the later stages of manufacturing spread throughout the world , including in europe . 
  when we transfer production from our american facilities for our european facilities to use as their input , we are crossing tax jurisdictions . 
  both jurisdictions want to receive their fair share of tax revenue on this production . 
  thus , we must set a transfer price whereby our us entity receives some profit , and our european entity also has enough room left to make a decent margin . 
  the difficult part is setting that price fairly where each tax jurisdiction gets its fair share . 
  obviously american authorities want more profit to remain in the us , and european authorities want more profit to be shifted to europe . 
  it 's hard to decide exactly what a fair price is , and at the end of the day , you 're really just making it up at a level that will appease both authorities . 
  of course you also want to minimize your tax bill . 
  for example , my company tries to shift as much profit to europe as possible because taxes are lower , but we ca n't do it too much or the irs will crawl up our ass about it . 
  so we have to hire external consultants ( kpmg ) to ensure that we remain compliant . 
  so i guess the point is that assigning profit by country is not a clear cut science . 
  that 's why there 's a lot of room for manipulation . 
  which would fuck over low margin industries . 
  you seem to be mixing up revenue and profit . 
  what the above person suggested is that they look at share of revenue by country , and split up taxable income based on portion of global revenue . 
  if you make 20 % of your total revenue in france , then 20 % of your ebt is subject to be taxed in france . 
  that is not how it currently works . 
  you ca n't shift revenue to different countries by creating expenses . 
  you can shift profit through intercompany transfer pricing , but you ca n't shift revenue . 
  that 's one side of his isolationist policy . 
  the other side is that he will push to leave nato . 
  maybe you could argue that would be good for europe in the long term , but probably not so much in the short term . 
  even in school . 
  i remember my roommate in college would take add drugs for studying and exams . 
  you mean baja california ? 
  just fixed the tropic of cancer part a few seconds before i got your response . 
  did n't know french algeria was included though . 
  this might be a stupid question , but does it still exist ? 
  quick googling tells me it was dissolved in 1962 . 
   nato does n't want to get involved in this dispute so these areas are not included in the allience . 
  is it specifically these areas ? 
  as i understood it , it 's any territories south of ~ ~ the equator ~ ~ tropic of cancer . 
  i do n't think it 's specifically related to any single dispute . 
  it 's the same reason why nato was n't obligated to respond to the argies . 
  edit : actually , it 's not the equator . 
  it 's the tropic of cancer . 
  can the army go on strike in france ? 
  that seems like it would be an interesting situation . 
  that 's interesting . 
  why does france have such a big reputation for striking then ? 
  is it just how it 's portrayed in the media ? 
  or do non-unionized workers strike a lot ? 
  i always just assumed that france was super unionized .
