  if it is invested into some sort of depreciable asset though , the depreciation on the asset would be tax deductible over the life of the asset . 
  not sure if the post was just a joke , but just in case you 're serious , i think she said vulgarian . 
   the new proposal also includes some sweeteners , particularly a generous regime for deductions for r&d is r&d not already completely tax deductible ? 
  what exactly is the system ? 
  you are allowed to deduct capital spending from your taxable income ? 
  what country does n't tax on income ? 
  every country i am aware of taxes on income . 
  then , in the us at least , dividends get double taxed . 
  capital spending is not deductible from your taxable income . 
  however , the associated d&a is . 
  edit : are people on this sub really this misinformed about how taxes work ? 
  it 's no wonder there 's so much confusion around corporate taxes . 
  really , the job market has been fantastic for the past few years . 
  my major worry is that there will be another 2008-esque bust coming at some point in the future . 
  things are almost going a little too well right now . 
   it 's probably more about how much they oppose trump than about supporting hillary that 's probably most hillary voters in the us , including myself . 
  i have only 47 caravels in my caravel account . 
  there 's no dating apps in slovakia ? 
  bumble is harder to get women on than tinder because they are required to message you first . 
  on the other hand , in my experience , there are * much * higher quality women on bumble than there are on tinder . 
  they both have their uses . 
  i live with two people who are 4-5 years younger than me . 
  i guess their lifestyle is a bit different , but we mostly keep to our own schedules and do n't bother each other much . 
  and especially in the age of tinder and bumble when it 's so easy to get dates , i absolutely could not live with my mom . 
  i did horribly in college as well . 
  could n't get a job for my first year after graduating . 
  then i finally got my foot in the door by sheer luck i think . 
  do n't lose hope . 
  i think if you send enough applications , someone will be desperate enough to hire you . 
  or at least that 's how it worked for me . 
  my first company sucked , but it was a jumping off point . 
   i ai n't shacking up with housemates out of curiosity , what is the reason ? 
  are you worried they would steal from you or something like that ? 
  i pay about $ 600/month less than i would in a single bedroom where i live . 
  genuinely curious - what is the reason for regulating the height of a building ? 
  is it because big buildings look ugly or something ? 
   i 've never understood the price difference . 
  it 's like how chicken breast is more expensive than chicken thigh . 
  it makes no sense . 
   1000 $ a monthly seems also a lot to me . 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  it is a maximum of $ 1,000 per year . 
  in other words , if you get cancer and have hospital bills of $ 100,000 in 2016 , you will pay $ 1,000 out of your pocket during the year . 
   do you still get money when you do n't work because you 're sick ? 
  can you get fired during that time ? 
  do you have to pay for meds ? 
  yes , you can take sick days . 
  i had to take several sick days this year . 
  i also had to leave work early for my physical therapy appointments for a while . 
  you pay a fixed amount for prescription meds if you need them , which for me is $ 7.50 for generics and i ca n't remember the price for the others because i 've never had to buy them . 
  but many employers ( including mine ) will reimburse you for small stuff like that through a health reimbursement account . 
   are there financial limits or other limits within that insurance ? 
  no limit  if you would get some kind of cancer would your treatment be fully covered ? 
  yes . 
  $ 1000 of my annual out of pocket maximum is not covered by my company . 
  that means in the worst case scenario ( if i had cancer or something very expensive ) , i could end up spending up to $ 1000 per year out of my own pocket in addition to the $ 40 i pay every month . 
  after that , insurance covers everything 100 % . 
   until you reach a specific level of income ( that 's a bit complicated ) you always pay 14,6 % of your income . 
  is n't that kind of expensive ? 
  i 'm sure it 's very nice for poor people , but i pay about 0.6 % of my income . 
  i understand that my employer also covers a portion of the cost , but 14.6 % just seems like a lot of money . 
  that 's more than i spend on rent . 
   my point to all this is it can be fuck you to the bone if you are poor and something like cancer happens to you . 
  that 's definitely true . 
  if you 're poor and unemployed , and you get cancer , you 're in a very , very bad situation . 
   i would always prefer a healthcare system that is for everyone not only for the rich . 
  you 're stating two extreme ends of the spectrum of accessibility , neither of which exist in the us . 
  healthcare is for the full-time employed . 
  not just for the rich . 
  in the past year , i 've had to go to the doctor 3 times , had to go to the hospital for x rays , had to go to physical therapy for 3 months , and i 've had to pay nothing more than my normal contribution , which is $ 40 per month . 
  i am not rich . 
  not anywhere close to it . 
  i am a recent college graduate who does n't make much money . 
  the trick is to be employed , or have a family member who is employed . 
  if you 're unemployed , and your whole family is unemployed , then you 're unfortunately shit out of luck and probably stuck with one of the obamacare health insurance plans . 
  irrational fear of the us is freedophobia . 
  i cannae understand a single word [ this man ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gzwhnv3.jpg ) says . 
  seriously though . 
  i watched that movie with subtitles . 
  [ mfw americans call whimsy flimsy mark and scribblers `` pens '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cefnpcl.png ), 
  i like the part where they say that you can now use your commute time for pleasure . 
  and the guy just pulls out an apple . 
  so much pleasure . 
  develop alternative energy and cheap non-petroleum based plastics i suppose . 
  https://news.vice.com/video/fictional-little-green-men-seize-lithuanian-town-excerpt-from-the-russians-are-coming-lithuania the rapid reaction force was pretty much set up specifically to deal with little green men . 
  is hitchhiking very common in europe ? 
  i visited iceland last year and was talking to this girl who told me that she does n't own a car because she just hitchhikes everywhere . 
  i found that pretty crazy . 
  apparently it 's very common in iceland . 
  is that the case across most of europe ? 
  yes , he was fired when his corruption was publicly disclosed . 
  that 's how the game works , bub . 
   lots of trump supporters admire putin because he is seen as someone who fights for his country and does n't take shit from anyone . 
  and trump campaign managers get paid [ $ 12.7 million ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/15/us/politics/paul-manafort-ukraine-donald-trump.html ) by putin . 
  what a coincidence . 
  voltaire wrote :  this agglomeration which was called and which still calls itself the holy roman empire was in no way holy , nor roman , nor an empire . 
  lol at south sudan having a higher credit rating than greece . 
   healthcare = die or bankrupt i do n't think anyone on reddit has heard of an out of pocket maximum . 
  or a health reimbursement account . 
  you do not buy a vehicle for it to increase in value .
