back in the days you could get a silver can in sweden when you sent in 500 empty cans to swedish match . 
  i 'd go for a long stroll . 
  take public transportation to gamla stan ( old town ) , preferably arlanda express to the central and then the red metro line heading south . 
  there you should visit sj\u00e4tte tunnan for some proper viking hangover treatment ( they have mead ) . 
  take a look at the royal castle and head down towards djurg\u00e5rden . 
  you should be able to make this in four hours and you 'll see the in my opinion , most beautiful part of stockholm . 
  no , you should not follow them strictly as it 's advice and not rules . 
  it 's also advice that 's three years old , put that in perspective with what has happened with the language . 
  * 1 ) sure , profile your application . 
  that 's good !, 
  * 2 ) in a memory intensive long running script it could make sense . 
  * 3 ) you do n't need to . 
  php does this by itself . 
  * 4 ) no , unless it 's something that you can reuse . 
  * 5 ) no , php does this by itself . 
  * 6 ) you should always try to limit the number of database queries so that 's a no brainer but you should not replace it with your file system unless it makes sense in your application , of course . 
  * 7 ) objects consume a lot less memory than arrays in a lot of cases . 
  the php array implementation ( which is not actually an array but a mix of different data types ) is a memory eating monster . 
  it all depends on the implementation . 
  i started out charging 20 $ / hour when i was 16 , that was a couple of years ago . 
  i have steadily increased that amount as i 've been offered more and more projects so now i usually charge 120 $ / hour ( + / - depending on client ) . 
  keep in mind that this is in sweden , so it 's roughly 50 % tax on that ( 15 % pre-tax tax + 29 % tax + 31 % municipality tax ) . 
  what i 've learnt in the trip from 20 $ - 120 $ is that charging too little is dangerous in long term client relationships . 
  even though you 're a beginner , 12 $ / hour is not a reasonable market price . 
  for a junior that can accomplish the tax , at least 30 $ / hour makes sense in my opinion . 
  you also have to estimate hours including reading specification , obtaining the necessary skills for the specific tasks if you do n't already posses them so that these hours do n't become unbillable hours . 
  getting paid in installments does n't really make sense since it 's a really small budget . 
  i never agree upon dividing the payment unless it 's over 8000 $ , then i also charge half of the total sum ( if agreed upon , otherwise half of the estimated hours ) before i get coding . 
  good luck !, 
  in what way is `` socialism by democracy '' not socialism ? 
   they are social democrats, 
  social democratic parties have socialist democracy as their primary ideology , a peaceful ideology which aims at implementing socialism with democratic means ( which takes a hell of a lot longer ) . 
  thus it is a variation of socialism , nevertheless it 's still socialism . 
  on a side note , social democracy is something that marx was skeptical about since he suspected that a social democracy could never succeed due to that the opposition would have enough time to take back power et.c . 
  love the lab series , actually tried the whole series out during the course of the last few weeks . 
  not sure if i should swap out my grov for 06 as my primary snus , it 's actually pretty great . 
  especially with the larger amount of nicotine ( 2 % ) . 
  i must also admit that # 12 was an awesome mint snus , best i 've tried and definitively something i 'm making sure that i have around now . 
  for which market ? 
  paymill and stripe have awesome apis , unfortunately they 're both under certain geographical restrictions . 
  middle of sweden here , most of it has molten , solid 1 \u00b0 c during night and ~ 5 \u00b0 c during the day . 
  i 'll give it two weeks !, 
  * once a week, 
  * around 10 - 12 items on average, 
  * ~ 500 sek, 
  * walk, 
  4 cans/week . 
  average i guess . 
  send a pm if you want to grab a beer some day !, 
  haha , yes . 
  i 'm a quite regular guy , about the same age as you and i will not kill you , promise . 
  if you want something stronger , try the lab series 06 ( 07 if you want a white portion ) or grov stark . 
  a can costs around 7 $ here in sweden , mostly due to excessive taxation . 
  in my opinion that 's quite expensive . 
  marlboro strong white , superior taste in my opinion . 
  unfortunately they stopped making it . 
  if you want the real tabacco taste , try grov portion . 
  you wo n't be disappointed . 
  interesting , thanks for the link . 
  gave it a read , as confident as before that snus is totally safe . 
  the statistics here in sweden seems to speak for itself . 
  nicotine is a hunger suppressant but then of course you have individual variation . 
  ever heard about how much people gain after they 've quit smoking ? 
  personally i miss meals some time but i do n't think that it 's due to snus . 
  during the season which is embarrassing short where i live in sweden i try to play a round with my dad each week . 
  it 's pure quality time . 
  enjoy those days . 
  ever heard of parental responsibility ? 
  do n't fucking buy kool aid to your child . 
  it 's great . 
  i 'd recommend you to try out the rest of the lab series as well if you have the opportunity . 
  i 'm a high school dropout holding a $ 60k job . 
  short answer : yes . 
  i 've been thinking about writing a review for tailored , it was released about three weeks ago . 
  smaller box , a bit cheaper and a new natufibre ^ tm material for the pouches . 
  try it !, 
  have n't thought about the american `` warning '' labels before . 
   warning : this product is not a safe alternative to cigarettes . 
  pretty inaccurate description if you ask me . 
  we used to have the same labels as on cigarettes for snus , that was a requirement by the eu for the swedish exception from the eu snus ban . 
  however , they dropped that a couple of years ago since all conducted studies displayed something else . 
  now it 's just `` bad for your health and addictive '' . 
  it 's pretty interesting , becomes very subjective when you compare a label for the exact same product with different statements in each country . 
  enjoy the sale !, 
  i 'm a manly swedish psycho who occasionally enjoys the mint snus . 
  cut the bullshit . 
  i order balls with my initials printed , looks pretty neat actually and it saves me money since my company does the purchase ( vat free ) . 
  would you mind telling me in what way an iphone is n't a real gps ? 
  bill maher is calling reagan `` anti-intellectual '' ? 
  look who 's talking . 
  a wild guess out of the blue , but could it be that the `` delivery company '' is dhl ? 
  just got the 13 '' with 4 gb ram and an i5 a couple of hours ago so getting rid of my mid 2012 . 
  not noticeably faster , seems like photoshop is a bit quicker with larger files though . 
  have n't had time to put the battery to test yet . 
  i do n't think you 'll be disappointed !, 
  at most i 've had about 100 boxes , was travelling within schengen then though . 
  was n't an issue . 
  haha , not noticeably faster than on the mid 2012 but it 's satisfactory !, 
  psychological addiction ( holding the cigarette , blowing the smoke ) and physical addiction ( nicotine ) are two very different things . 
  you should try lab series 06 !,
