  thanks for your answers !, 
  you say you excluded micro-states yet you kept iceland on it . 
  what can you say for yourself ? 
  why do you hate micro-states ? 
  wery nice and way too acurate observation . 
  thank you . 
  well , yeah . 
  it was a struggle , you know !, 
  yes ... few years ago ... for a while . 
  people are getting ridicolous . 
  few years of peace and everybody is up for disbanding military completely . 
  why do you have 20mil people at home ? 
  how does germanys printing of euro affect this ? 
  no spoilers pls . 
  no , we are not !, 
   alpine serbs ... \\* mildly * annoyed, 
  i heard it in some documentary i watched not long ago . 
  the documentary went on about how the nature took over the area humans left and how it became sanctuary for wolfs and some other wildlife that is nearly extinct . 
  i did n't pay enough attention to catch some more , sorry . 
  nah i had in mind some blood cells that body uses to fight radiation levels . 
  the birds and other animals around chernobil are supposed to have their levels very high . 
  nature retakes the world , those places would remain warm due to possible spillages of lack of maintenance or something . 
  the animals there would also adapt to higher radiation with antibodies inside their bloods . 
  basically chernobil all over again . 
  why was that ? 
  what happened ? 
  does that mean germany and austria do n't have google street view ? 
  our last fortress . 
  he could 've called them isis members and denying the incident . 
  but ... its so fun when its not * your * loss . 
  he will die of natural causes . 
  what makes you think shitposters will post here instead of there ? 
  what makes a poster shit and who is it to decide ? 
  does this mean we can start reporting any series of posts people start posting ? 
  hey , pineapples need daily workout too !, 
  city police patrol , nothing to see here . 
  its halfway between madrid and moscow . 
  hey , melting ice caps is a good thing ok https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/dec/22/murmansks-silver-lining-arctic-city-banks-on-ice-melt-for-its-renaissance, 
  they are peacefull experienced engineers and doctors fleeing from syria . 
  germany is the first safe country they reached . 
  our puppet politicians will agree to anything that will get them elected next year ... 
  the way of best politicians !, 
  maybe it needs mod flair for it ? 
  also piss off facebook . 
  fb users will go to alternative but fb the company will lose their money and that 's what matter to them, 
  what about disabling facebook internet traffic in area of eu ? 
  how sure are you that what you know is true ? 
  this reminds me of what people used to do to themselvs in the glory days of counter-inteligence agencies in the 1960-90 : your neighbour says he is not religious , you never seen him to the church , you visited his home and no sign of religion and his children are all not religious but every everning before they all go to sleep they pray as a family . 
  you even reported him as not religious but you never knew they have a big bible behind their refrigirator . 
  it feels kinda lame for me to argue with you here over the internet but apperently that is what i am doing here ... 
  what makes you sure you can spot treats of religion with the people and places you 've known forever and you take for granted ? 
  sometimes an outsiders view could reveal more . 
  recently i was to sicily and while people say they are not religious or admit they have doubts ( when asked openly ) their actions , treats , thought process and taboo doesnt really change . 
  honestly they are more religious than what you think . 
  there is half the truth in each stereotype . 
  honestly i have not , however i live in a land where people love peace . 
  i can not say fucked up things happened ` in name of jesus christ ' elsewhere as such news hardly reach me . 
  i would not be surprised tho , people are crazy all over the planet . 
  i am not sure if my knowledge is up to date but i am too lazy to check at this moment but i think the war in syria started with the arabic spring - the uprizing against assad regime , then the islamic movements chipped in and isis was established . 
  there has been no peace since . 
  i am glad eu has amazing people like her !, 
  i wish she stays there safely , also i wish she gets formal recognition from all people when she feels her work is done . 
  maybe they had good reasons to expect him to blow him self up . 
  wow you made that sleek edit :o, 
  i think italy is on good way there too, 
  got ta make it a capital ** l ** because nobody will see your little, 
  ok just so you could follow her too i went to find it . 
  here you go : https://twitter.com/ccp_karkur, 
  maybe it is time to find out !, 
  ayyy you left out us !, 
  almost nice list tho . 
  and his name starts with po -, 
  i know , that only makes it better :d, 
  that does n't make it any better !, 
  it could be the same guy !, 
  iceland picking a model from indonesia iceland come on i know you are good at making choices indonesian model ? 
   it gives the uk more control precicely the reason i would be spectical if i were lending them money . 
  i think uks debt is dollar based so drop of pound is actually a good thing . 
  presented debt is in local currency only for the locals to comprehend its size . 
  i 'm not sure about what currency uks debt is based on so do n't quote me there please , but i am sure it is not pound . 
  is n't a train from moscow to there like 2 months ? 
  based on laws they are currently accepting , they are to every worker not an austrian . 
  austria is becoming very hostile to workers from another countries, 
  chill , no need for name calling now . 
  wait untill they get the 2020 map update :d, 
  `` russians have discovered weapons of mass destruction in chechnya and are intervening with their military force '' ^ ( pictures of czechian flag and map of croatia ), 
  i may be wrong but it could be intended by people who were deciding the name at the time of great changes in 1990 and they wanted to emphasize on the fact that czechia is , now , a republic unlike many others . 
  the name sticked around for longer because only neighbouring nations were used to call it czechia in the first place . 
  i could be wrong too , sorry in advance . 
  it 's ok there will be those of generation who will remember you only as czech republic and make the mistake of naming you by the system of old for a long time, 
  so rude :o, 
  me neither ... i 'm scared . 
  that 's some german humor right here !, 
  still stole your karma . . :d, 
  haha , then ` bled ' is perfect french description for ` bled ' :d, 
  it 's ok he will swim * from the other side *, 
  is that ice on the edges ? 
  huh , belgium , bad example . 
  its a beautiful place for terrorists who would like to see it crumble just enough for them to continue their operations undisturbed but not enough to stop receiving some sorts of social benefits for not actually working . 
  smugglers exist for borders ,
