hey , thanks for answer . 
  i will do my best to be a good neighbour . 
  anybody popcorn or peanuts ? 
  i brought some beer . 
  hey man !, 
  i am sorry for writing this here . 
  you said something about slovenia and i can not see it from an outsider perspective . 
  could you explain a little bit ? 
  similar in slovenia . 
  during war on balkans in the 90s we took in * 800k * of war refugees from mainly bosnia , croatia and serbia . 
  there were 1,2 mil people in slovenia before that . 
  now they think ` outside of eu ' people imagine folks from balkan whom we have relatively good relations with . 
  add euxit to the list and you have them all !, 
  thanks for this !, 
  at least we know where we stand . 
  wellcome to new century, 
  did i really ? 
   reads about a regular guy from different country  is dissapointed when its only a regular guy, 
  both of them are [ the backbone of our airforce ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovenian_air_force_and_air_defence ), 
  sure we will repost this !, 
  next year same time !, 
  well europe is about to fall apart , china is starting to collapse , middle east is long gone and america is crippling . 
  long live corporations , long live capitalism !, 
  its the only thing austria can do without actually helping others than itself and germany, 
  karabakh is a region in between armenia and azerbaijan . 
  the two countries have n't made up their minds who 's claim to own it is righteous . 
  i had to look up on google for that , now i feel bad for not knowing where it was . 
  thanks for making me laugh !, 
  nope , night shifts , weekends and other overtime . . 
  in slovenia it is about 750 * before taxes * then it drops to 568e ... 
  naah , i never can . 
  making links is for browsers , google and nsa . 
  even facebook is bad at that, 
  thanks , i missed that . 
  who knew greman was hard ? 
  apperently i missed that line . 
  thanks for pointing it out !, 
  i tried but it is in german . 
  i even put it in google translate . 
  * i went over the line of trying for a casual reddit scroller . 
  * edit : also as / u/mr _ sludge pointed out there can be more than once article about the matter . 
  who knows what would they say ? 
  naturally they did n't say anythign about ethnicity of the offenders . 
  that 's it !, 
  just include everybody like me ^ ( but not me obviously im purrfect ) and you 're gtg, 
  expected ? 
  the nuclear power plant fulfilled the 5-year plan of energy inside the 5 miliseconds when it exploded, 
  well now you gave me something to think about, 
  what has europe have to do with all this ? 
  this is iran doings !, 
  why not russian or chinese currency ? 
  i see what you did there !, 
  who , the germans ? 
  this is a valuable answer . 
  thank you very much !, 
  good point . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's interesting . 
  i did n't know there was a word to describe how people hate each other in general . 
   paradoxically , right wing groups tend to prioritize homogeneity and social cohesion higher than left wing groups . 
  why do you say that ? 
  you say it like it is bad, 
   but ** social cohesion ** , when thats broken once , it takes generations to fix it , if it can be fixed at all . 
  what is that ? 
  ( sorry for offtopic but i cannt find any good explanations of it from first page of google search resoults ), 
  so all we need to invest in is space bus and that 's it ? 
  we all know how that turned out . 
  hey !, 
  you point out balkans as a bad place !, 
  what makes you think of that ? 
  the saddest thing that is going to happen is hungarians are right on this . 
  it goes both ways tho, 
  that 's the thing , he was joking . 
  personally i had a good laugh myself :d, 
  only thing that was expected was +30 % of voters actually voting , everything else was unpredictable, 
  true that, 
  its a provocation , do n't belive it . 
  why not ? 
  eve player inside me just could n't stop laughing , the scam is so obvious, 
  but ur in canada bro, 
  is n't that the point of such threads ? 
  to create comments that would never be there if people actually read the article or the link, 
  my argument ? 
  * clean water *, 
   tldr ; france all over again . 
  its like if they never learned anything, 
  if someone put together a jewish and a muslim man together - would you be able to tell the difference and how ? 
  does it even matter ? 
  this is the internet . 
  what did you expect ? 
  how does it show on their outside ? 
  not trying to be offensive to anyone . 
  what is difference between them ? 
   this nonense would never stand in the us . 
  sounds like my country 's croocked laws aswell . 
  do you trust your judges ? 
  and no one dares to detain those 100 for throwing rocks at official policemen ? 
  that could be correct, 
  i personally see nothing wrong with it . 
  well trained security , if i 'd be around them i would feel a lot safer .
