beautiful . 
  you need no crusade to stop single white males living in their parents ' basement playing pokemon go . 
  seriously the_donald is full of them . 
  even their mod is not american . 
  good to see our people do n't buy this populist shit and clinton is leading by double digits in the latest polls . 
  brexiters trying to sell their bullshit to usa are my fav . 
  they flooded r/the _ donald . 
  he 's a subscriber of r/the _ farage and r/the _ donald . 
  they think the alt-right took over the world already . 
  you mean the one that did n't gather enough votes which was accepted as a loss for orban ? 
  lol, 
  is that the `` domino effect '' the brexiters warned us about ? 
  but 350m + for nhs weekly ... right ? 
  be careful . 
  you will offend them and someone gon na make another post crying about how unwelcome he feels on r/europe, 
  idk man ... their currency seem pretty stable, 
  go home , russia !, 
  you are drunk !, 
  ... and broke, 
  muh feels, 
  lol the british redditors wo n't stop bashing the eastern europeans but when they receive the same treatment they create a thread to cry about it . 
  you are not entitled . 
  the low paid uk worker voted out mostly . 
  they are getting what they deserve . 
  uk hate immigrants so much they destroy their economy to be less attractive for them . 
  amazing . 
  i just picked the first that came to my mind . 
  you can pick from daily express that has more subscribers than the guardian ... or you can pick any other of the thousands uk garbage `` newspapers '' . 
  they should post it on daily mail so the brits can inform themselves . 
  it 's like they expect the millions that voted against this to be silent . 
  it 's also a democracy to keep talking against brexit and try to change things . 
  arrogance is thinking 17.4 m people can decided how 64m will live . 
  there 's too much salt on this island . 
  it 's impossible to sink . 
  not really . 
  you can call it super awesome loyal team . 
  salt, 
  yesterday at the pub dave the plumber told me he 's doing better without these pesky poles already !, 
  you sound like an expert . 
  we do n't listen to experts anymore . 
  this is hilarious . 
  i 'm saving this for future use if you do n't mind . 
  the only thing that can change fast after the vote is the currency . 
  does anyone expect the market figures to change that fast since the regulations and the rules are still the same ? 
  you are still part of the single market . 
  if you expect these figures to be the same after you leave it you may be surprised . 
  what exactly are the good news ? 
  they gon na downvote this post to oblivion :d, 
  breitbart the last bastion of unbiased media :d :d :d also there are probably more brits on r/the _ donald than americans . 
  waiting for the brits on this sub to tell me everything is fine . 
  no one wants the brits anymore . 
   hungarian prime minister viktor orban suffered an embarrassing setback in his battle against eu migration policies on sunday , as his victory in an anti-immigration referendum fell short of voter turnout requirements . 
  although 98.2 per cent of voters backed the government 's opposition to eu refugee burden-sharing efforts , only 43.9 per cent of voters cast ballots , according to results from the national election commission -- some way short of the 50 per cent threshold required to make the vote legally binding . 
  the result will be a disappointment for mr orban after his year-long effort to convince hungarians that immigration was a `` poison '' threatening the nation 's survival and to bolster his international standing as europe 's most strident anti-immigration leader . 
  in a bitter twist , mr orban 's supporters failed to clear a turnout threshold he himself had inserted into a new constitution in 2010 . 
  still , the polarising leader hailed the overwhelming majority of votes in his favour as `` outstanding '' and played down the importance of the vote 's validity . 
  he said that the number of hungarians backing his position on sunday outnumbered the 3.1 m who had voted for the country to join the eu in 2003 and pledged to give legal effect to the voters ' verdict . 
  `` i will submit a proposal to amend the constitution in the next couple of days , '' he said . 
  the government deployed all its political resources to secure a comprehensive victory , including blanket media coverage on state television , which aired reports of a surge in violent attacks involving migrants on televised bulletins throughout polling day . 
  mr orban 's government also funded an anti-immigrant communications programme larger than any commercial advertising campaign in recent years , according to agnes urban , an expert at mertek , a media monitoring group . 
  journalists at atlatszo.hu , an investigative website , estimated the total cost of official communication efforts at $ 48.6 m over the past year , or roughly $ 5 per voter . 
  the invalid turnout will leave mr orban vulnerable domestically to attacks from both the right and left of the political spectrum . 
  marton gyongyosi , foreign policy spokesman for the radical rightwing jobbik party , told the financial times that the campaign was an irresponsible attempt to boost the government 's popularity after a string of by-election defeats . 
  `` with this invalid result , viktor orban has loaded the gun and handed it over to brussels with the barrel pointing back at us . 
  the eu can now ridicule viktor orban and hungary and say that hungarians are not solid on this question , '' he said . 
  more than a dozen human rights groups had rejected the proposition as incompatible with hungary 's constitution and called on voters to spoil ballots or boycott the vote to invalidate its results . 
  `` the goal of the referendum and the accompanying campaign is to incite hatred against refugees , '' the groups wrote in a joint letter before the vote . 
  `` its only potential consequence is ... reinforcing the government in continuing with its hate campaign . '' the influx of refugees , mainly from syria , into hungary had largely dissipated since mr orban sealed the country 's southern borders in september 2015 , clamped down on asylum applications and launched his anti-immigration offensive . 
  still , surveys suggest that the campaign has succeeded in deepening hostility towards immigrants among most hungarians . 
  `` i voted no , '' said ibolya agnes gall , an ethnic hungarian woman in her 60s originally from transylvania , which is now part of romania , after casting ballots with her husband and daughter near varosliget park , budapest . 
  `` when we came here from transylvania not a single person helped us , we had to fight for everything we got and it took us five years to get hungarian citizenship . 
  so why should we help these people , who come here illegally and behave like conquerors ? '' ms gall 's daughter agreed : `` we built a christian culture in europe and it took 1,000 years . 
  these illegal immigrants arrive in groups of 10 , all dressed in black and behaving aggressively . 
  they ignore our culture , as if it did n't exist . '' analysts said that the result had confirmed a rising tide of xenophobia in hungary but had also underlined the success of mr orban 's domestic political strategy . 
  `` with 3m people supporting viktor orban 's anti-migration stance in this referendum , the result means it will continue to be a winning political issue for his government , '' said csaba toth , analyst at republikon , a liberal think-tank . 
  i get it . 
  it wo n't be as apocalyptic as some people say but you guys seem to think it will be better for uk to leave eu . 
  so , in what way `` at least not apocalyptic '' is better than being in eu ? 
  never heard of it . 
  go celebrate indupendunce day , mate . 
  there 's no need to spend your day being angry at unknown people on reddit :d, 
  or maybe you are the moron ... think about it . 
  mind blow !, 
  i love how you guys think it 's like some kind of a game . 
  we won ... what did you actually win ? 
  enjoy your plunging pound and the 450 million for nhs weekly lol ... brexiters remind me of charlie sheen who was shouting `` winning , winning ! '', 
  the whole time until he ended up with hiv . 
  spot the salty brit . 
  well , western europe criticized bulgaria and romania for poor treatment of roma ... then the roma started moving to western europe and they lost their shit . 
  yeah , i am sure they gon na spend 1k for a ticket for each member of their huge families since they can move everywhere in europe without visa and without much money . 
  tickets to canada are kind of expensive . 
  i doubt it . 
  for example bulgaria have visa free travel to countries like new zealand , japan , s. korea and etc. 
  you do n't see some of their gypsies moving there . 
  go home , russia . 
  you are drunk . 
  do n't worry , she still wo n't win the elections :d, 
  having different opinion does n't mean you ca n't be criticized . 
  i just gave you an example that `` having different opinion '' does n't mean anything . 
  but i probably hit a little too close to home :d,
