do n't be ridiculous . 
  i bought my laptop and i 'm paying for internet connection . 
  but what does this have to do with public television ? 
  nothing . 
  then again public television was n't mentioned in the post i replied to . 
   you seem a little obsessed with that . 
  are you going to tell me about lizard people next ? 
  because i used it once ? 
  all the obsessions i must have then ...  your main point being that you like some shows on tv ? 
  what 's there to argue ? 
  i 'm sure there are also people who love tatort but i certainly wo n't waste my time with trying to convince them that it 's trash . 
  nope . 
  you wrote public television is only catering to old people and when it 's not it shows shitty crime shows . 
  my main point was that this statement is bullshit and i pointed out some quality content they 're responsible for to back that point up . 
   sorry if i do n't continue this conversation but your obsession with libertarians ( which is completely offtopic to this thread btw ) and your ultra-local flair raise some of those `` conspiracy nut '' flags . 
  you really should look up the word obsession . 
  while i 'm not motivated enough to go through my history i 'm pretty sure you do n't need two hands to count how often i wrote ` libertarians ' ... or about them . 
  so you 're that guy living in the middle of a forest typing on a selfmade wooden laptop sending your bullshit on reddit through you 're selfmade satelite ? 
  lolbertarians think only their live is a hassle and they 've achieved everything by themselves . 
  it 's kinda cute when you think of it . 
  also good job adressing my main point . 
  at least for someone who had to teach himself how to read . 
   german public tv is this . 
  it 's outrageously bad . 
  there 's a lot of quality content made and even more aired by the public stations . 
  interesting and well made documentaries and shows like weltspiegel are not exclusively aimed at old people . 
  they 're informative and quality programming . 
  the news shows of them are top notch and i have yet to see a better sports program than sportstudio . 
  also without the local stations there basically would n't be any tv program dealing with local news stories at all . 
   and i am forced to finance this shitshow through mandatory fees because i own an internet connected pc . 
  i know you 're trying to be a libertarian ( poor people are dumb and lazy and barely people in general amirite ? ), 
  but you 're not well informed in other areas either . 
  every household in the country has to pay the fees . 
  how can an adult not know that ? 
  especially one that is so outraged by every fee or tax he is supposed to pay to contribute and pay back for the opportunities the rest of the country has given him . 
  the current strikes are n't much about getting payed living wages . 
  the pilots are well off . 
  they make about 200.000 a year . 
  they 're striking because they want to keep their pension system ( being able to retire at 55 with up to 150.000 ) while lufthansa thinks it 's unsustainable and wants to phase it out for younger employees . 
  train conductors are n't exactly well off and their job can be tough , but they made it clear that they 're not striking for better working conditions but instead for their union to be able to make agreements on behalf of every personal employed on the train . 
  most of these employees are already organised in another union . 
  not quite . 
  nahles ( person responsible ) wants to propose a regulation that the smaller unions can still exist , but if the bigger ones make an agreement it 's binding . 
  i 'm not sure i understand the question . 
  it 's not like teenagers get a form where they have to check whether they want to be a neo nazi or a hooligan . 
  it 's possible to be both . 
  not to be confused with lasterzaster , a prostitutes paycheck . 
  ha , the most prussian place in the world . 
  hardly ungerman if you 're responsible for half the stereotypes and world wars . 
  well thought out response . 
  absolutely doable and no stammtisch populism fuled by impotent rage and fear at all . 
  i love this sub !, 
  no they 're not . 
  they 're not . 
  you can if you grow up among them . 
  and guess what : a pretty large number of them does not wear a hijab or anything comparable . 
  different clothes , different food , different beer , different mentality , different cultural festivities , dialects get incomprehensible after beer number 4 ... in short : no i do n't . 
  this probably depends on where you 're from . 
  despite being able to read the same books i do n't really see a special connection with austria . 
  that 's part of the problem . 
  [ a month ago . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2bhf3f/europe_equipopulous_xpost_from_rmapporn/ ) easy to remember because this western germany section is just infuriating . 
  in the late 90 's it used to be chemnitz ( formerly known as karl-marx-stadt ) because it wasthe butt of many jokes in a popular comedy show . 
  but in general there is n't a single city . 
  it 's a regional affair and usually the dumbest places on earth are supposed to be the places surrounding you . 
  in your initial point you reduced the issue on the topic of oil/gas imports , which is supposed to cause what you perceive as german inaction . 
  you 're right that words to the public wo n't change all that much but i disagree that this is all their doing . 
  merkel and steinmeier are n't sitting around staring at the wall until they talk to the public . 
  the talks to the public are just to comment the directions of their actions are taking right now . 
  you may think that these actions are insufficient and a lot of people would agree with you , but if you solely name natural ressources as reasons for the intensity of german interventions in this conflict and brush away the cultural and historical ones you 're being intelectually dishonest . 
  in my oppinion you should either try to take a look at the whole picture or limit yourself to only comment on the actions . 
  edit : it also seems to me that while you 're disregarding public statements you just seem to wait for stronger ones . 
  i. . . i actually like it . 
  it 's bright in the morning anyway but with summertime you have more light in the night and that makes for longer and more comfy nights sitting outside enjoying yourself and company . 
  well , if the weather is n't shit . 
   you 're talking about motivations , and i 'm talking about actions . 
  aha ...  what is probably really constraining the german leadership is that 30 % of oil/gas imports it fears to lose . 
  when ? 
  where ? 
  what exactly ? 
  like i 'm not aware of what was going on in the press . 
  the 11 freunde article is what made me mostly boycotting them since . 
  there have been several events that they were trying to fit into their narrative . 
  if the truth did n't fit it got bended until it did . 
  just to point out a few : niko being threatened was personal business and ud not acting as a group for a while was something that had been brewing long before tensions escalated . 
  so much for hooligans making a push to take over . 
  it was n't even a real hooligan group that had problems with dissidenti but simply a more event oriented one . 
  and it was n't a try to take over the stands but more a ` how dare those effeminate little fucks telling us what flags we are allowed to fly ' . 
  fun fact : dissidenti and the group in question are now standing in the same sector . 
  with the aachen situation in mind a lot of the media tried to portray this as a simple antifa vs. nazis conflict , missing the fact that these are n't two groups hating each other for what they are but people who 've known each other for years/decades prior and that within these groups there were massive personal differences as well . 
  football has always been political . 
  some people say it should n't be but that does n't mean it is n't supposed to . 
   i know that d\u00fcsseldorf ultras had a lot of trouble with old school , far right hooligans making a push to take over the stands . 
  that does n't look like a question . 
  d\u00fcsseldorf does n't have a nazi-hooligan scene . 
  there are people of all ethnic backrounds within these groups . 
  you know shit , to be honest . 
  still remember when i was a picco in elementary school and they found a bomb near my school . 
  school was out but i went back to get my bike with sirens running and the place mostly deserted . 
  felt like a hero , but to be honest i was just lazy .
