  it was already in trump 's campaign , and you can read it from his supporters in various comments . 
  of course , the loss of status as a worldwide power for the us that would result from the end of nato would end up costing far more to the us economy , but that loss is too diffuse for a lot of people to perceive . 
  viewed from a decade or two ago , this would be indeed unbelievable : a fascist party funded by the successors of the ussr . 
  but russia has really completed its shift to a right-wing authoritarian regime . 
  it is now clearly championing that kind of ideology in other countries , and using this ideological posture to gain strategic advantages , exactly as it did before in the name of communism . 
  same game , different ideological mask . 
  that said , despite the push to paint russia as the defender of white christian europe , the public that vote for le pen in france is not completely ready to buy it . 
  this kind of financing deal was supposed to be done in the dark . 
  it does , but we are talking about a loan . 
  the bug is that , whatever legislation is in place to prevent funding of political parties by corporations or foreign interests , it still allows political parties to take loans , because it expects that a bank loaning money would want it back . 
  it does not account that a bank might make a `` loan '' that it does not expect to be repaid . 
  being french , the comparison i can make is to marine le pen . 
  she should be able to inherit her father 's supporters , while being more palatable to the less hardcore fans due to her more moderate ideas ( as far as she has expressed any ) . 
  it might have been an effect of the skewed polls . 
  if they did not believe that trump could win , they might have preferred to avoid the appearance of pushing for a clinton win with very grave and unconfirmed allegations against trump . 
  i can think of someone . 
  i hear he will be free in four days . 
   they 'd much rather taiwan come to them . 
  which sounded impossible until now - but if the us becomes an unreliable , isolationist power , then it might start looking like a better option to the taiwanese . 
  largest ? 
  a few decades ago , there were political parties in western europe that were taking their orders straight from moscow . 
  this is not a new way of working for those ex-soviet apparatchiks , this is just going back to the old methods , with a new ideological mask to fool the believers , and the internet as the new medium of choice for their propaganda . 
  well , there was the ribbentrop-molotov pact ... 
  ok , hitler might have tried anyway without it . 
  but they did play a role in how it went down . 
  i 've seen the link here a few days ago . 
  as it deals thoroughly with a current subject of concern - the effect and effectiveness of russian propaganda - it is normal that several other people made a note of it . 
  as to the dugin book , it is pretty much a meme at this point . 
  to me , while it might give some insight into the perspective of some russians , it does read more like political fan fiction . 
  you are aware that for more than forty years after ww2 , it was russia that had its foot on the throats of half the countries in europe , right ? 
   is there anything linking him to putin or russian hackers ? 
  no one can be a billionaire in russia without having connections to putin . 
   if russia did want to have some sort of face to face with trump , arranging a meeting between him and a russian billionaire at a public airport is a strange way to do it . 
  they could simply meet somewhere in nyc and no one would ever know . 
  in nyc , five days before the election ? 
  the likelihood that trump would be spotted was far too high . 
  that 's far less effective if there is a dozen people doing the leaking at the same time . 
  from the few accounts we have , it 's pretty clear that trump is not really the kind of boss that fosters a positive attitude in those working under him . 
  in short , it must be seriously toxic in there . 
  the other reason for the leaks might be that a lot of those staffers are inexperienced , which make them more likely to try to show off their inside knowledge to their contacts . 
  actually , they have n't . 
  most of the stuff that happened in europe , including the two larger terrorist attacks ( nice and berlin ) , were committed by northern africans , not syrians . 
  in france , when i registered to vote after moving , they included a question about whether i was already registered elsewhere , and if i was , where . 
  then it 's just a matter for the new place of registration to notify the previous one about the change . 
  `` our voters decided for trump in the primary !, 
  we could not go against them !, 
  now we will add in some superdelegates so this does not happen again . '', 
  what ? 
  they were chechens . 
  `` fun '' fact : the first hitler government was a coalition government , with only two nazi ministers besides hitler . 
  but one of them was the interior minister , and that was that as far as fair elections were concerned . 
   either push them out, 
  difficult when the other side can engage as many resources as it needs to keep the conflict at the exact intensity it wants . 
   or sign a permanent ceasefire . 
  also difficult when the other side has no interest in a real peace , only in a protracted conflict that prevents ukraine from getting closer to eu and nato . 
  so , no outright denial ( which would be illegal in france ) , but a round-up of all the deniers ' talking points . 
  you 're missing where russian interests are in this . 
  they do not want iran to have a choice between allying with them or with the us , because rationally the us would be a much better partner for iran . 
  and iran becoming more favorable to the us would destroy the whole russian strategy in the middle east . 
  i think that , when you have mastered a complex field , it is easy to forget the long road that got you there - learning theory , getting practical experience , and so on for years . 
  at some point , the confidence you gain from knowing your field spills over and you start assuming that you can master other fields without all the learning and all the work . 
  it 's unfortunately common among researchers . 
  if done well it can work out , as introducing practices from one field into another can yield interesting results , but often it ends in cringe-worthy failures . 
  and , if a mental health professional examined him , they would be bound by confidentiality . 
  so , what would be the solution to have a reliable psychological assessment of political personalities ? 
  do n't know why the down votes ... 
  there are indeed lego justice league short movies , and i found the one i saw ( legion of doom ) quite good , particularly for kids . 
  obviously it did not have the same budget as lego batman . 
  but they do have mark hamill . 
  no official policy in france . 
  however , after it turned out that one of our former president was dying of cancer at the end of his second mandate and hiding it , candidates have made a point to have some medical check-up done and to communicate on that . 
  however , there is still the issue that it is self-reported . 
  the only check on that is that the doctor doing the check is staking his reputation on it . 
  the twist i saw on that in the 2012 election was that several candidates said they had to prove they were in good health anyway to get their campaign loans , as does mostly anyone above 40 who takes a large loan . 
  ( within the french system , they finance their campaign with a loan and get reimbursed by the state depending on their score ) . 
  sop : leak something really bad , wait out the outrage , then roll out something slightly less extreme , which was what you actually wanted . 
  it will seem much more palatable in comparison , and will pass with much less opposition than if you had gone straight for it . 
  that sounds like amateur hour at the shill office . 
  true shills are usually a tad more subtle . 
  sorry you have been down voted , i think you 're right on both counts . 
  but what about forcing the kids to panhandle all day ? 
  that means at the least that they never get a chance to be inside a classroom . 
  is n't there a duty for the parents to get them an education ? 
  it 's the apple eula . 
  money laundering , perhaps ? 
  that 's one thing art galleries are highly useful for . 
  not quite . 
  palliative applies to any treatment that targets the symptoms , like pain , instead of trying to cure the cause . 
  of course , people who are dying still get palliative care , so that 's how the association is made . 
   but orcs and trolls spoke as they would , without love of words or things ; and their language was actually more degraded and filthy than i have shown it . 
  i do not suppose that any will wish for a closer rendering , though models are easy to find . 
  much the same sort of talk can still be heard among the orc-minded ; dreary and repetitive with hatred and contempt , too long removed from good to retain even verbal vigour , save in the ears of those to whom only the squalid sounds strong . 
  there is indeed always a danger to de-humanize your opposition . 
  but tolkien was first and foremost a linguist - he would see things through this lens . 
  and i think he is more right in this than i would have believed up to recently . 
  the language we use is not just an expression of our selves - it shapes our thoughts in turn . 
  but is n't the food embargo the part of the sanctions that would hurt the most the russian people ? 
  and that part came from putin , not any other countries . 
   `` it was an amazing phone call , '' trump replied . 
  `` i mean 40 wall street actually was the second-tallest building in downtown manhattan .
