  not so sure . 
  if we are talking about the us , they may have all the electronic intelligence they might want , but they can be pretty short on human intelligence . 
  the informations provided by their own citizens who visit hotspots would at least help to paint a more accurate picture of what conditions are on the ground . 
  then , there is always the chance that some apparently random piece of information might fit in a larger picture . 
   favored enemy : employer, 
  you know us well . 
  lots of great advice , thank you !, 
   by this logic i oughta be allowed to smack thousands of redditors . 
  i was going to agree with you , but now i 'm on the fence . 
  no , that 's one reason this strategy was - and evidently still is - very popular with them : compared to any kind of covert action , it is very , very cheap , for a huge impact on the targeted countries . 
  criticizing israel is perfectly legitimate , but it is also used as a dogwhistle for antisemitism . 
  particularly so in european countries where there is no first amendment , and there are often strong laws against hate speech . 
  i have personnally seen a tract by a fringe group a few years ago that blamed ` zionists ' for * divorces * . 
  at that stage , i do n't think we are really talking about zionism anymore . 
  she certainly has been practicing donald trump more than anyone else in the past few weeks , so that makes sense . 
  in the same way , the brexit vote should not have been the place for a `` big fuck you '' , but there it went . 
  when you do not give people a sane way to make themselves heard , they use what they 've got . 
  that 's why i 'm thinking we should inject much more direct democracy ( swiss-style ) in western systems . 
   as a greek , i can assure you that russia never supported golden dawn . 
  that you know of . 
  i was pretty surprised to hear that front national in france got millions in ` loans ' from them , but they did . 
  in this particular case , the first movie has also been used to develop the villain of the next movie . 
  why not both ? 
  first , to give some historical perspective , her father jean-marie le pen , starting from a coalition of fringe groups - nostalgics for french algeria and the vichy r\u00e9gime during ww2 - hammered on anti-immigrant sentiment for decades until he won a place in the second turn of the 2002 presidential election ( and then was thoroughly rejected by a very large majority of the voters : 82 % ) . 
  in recent years , marine le pen has been at first the officially endorsed successor to her father , but she is now consolidating her power over the party , and has been in a judicial battle against him to kick him out for good . 
  she is also trying to ` clean up ' the party from its less palatable elements ( wether in reality or just cosmetically , depending on who you ask ) . 
  she has also moved the line of the party from the libertarian-style economic policies supported by her father , to more mainstream ( in france ) state interventionism policies . 
  she has however kept the core anti-immigration stance that has always been the main point of the party line . 
  the presidential election in france next year is shaping up as a three-way race between the incumbent left-wing party , the traditional conservative right-wing party ( which is currently having its primary election ) , and le pen . 
  the conventional wisdom was that marine le pen was going to make it to the second turn of the presidential election , but would then be defeated by the combined voters of the traditional parties . 
  now with trump being elected , that conventional wisdom might need some revision . 
  france has been under threat by muslim extremism since at least the 1995 bombings perpetrated by algerian islamists . 
  there has been a lot of internal intelligence and counter-terrorism investigations , though of course it has not been 100 % successful . 
  there is also a strong tradition among police to recruit informants among the more ordinary criminals , who would then be in a good position to inform on potential terrorists . 
  ironically , our former ` law and order ' president has slashed into the internal intelligence gathering arm ( renseignements g\u00e9n\u00e9raux ) in the name of reducing the number of government employees , so they have been through a tougher time . 
  obviously they are getting back in shape , as recent events has made this a priority again . 
   a surprisingly high score of the fn in the first round would probably act as a wake up call for a lot of people who could n't be bothered to vote in the first round . 
  as it happened in the latest ( regional ) election . 
  the fn was poised to gain several regions after the first round , but turnout increased by around 10 % , mostly made up of people who turned out to vote against them . 
  and turnout is usually still higher in presidential elections . 
  with all that said , i still agree that an upset is possible - depending mostly on who is against her in the second round . 
  spending a billion dollars on an election . 
  in france , the cap on election spending that a candidate can get reimbursed is around 15 million euros - and they do get reimbursed if they get at least a certain fraction of the vote . 
  actual spending , barring suitcases full of cash , is a few millions above that . 
  well , it 's simple , you will just have to compare his tax return in 2021 to the one for 2016 . 
  it 's true that the recent positions taken by fillon have placed him on * the right * of le pen on a number of topics . 
  but the shift of blue-collar workers to the front national has already happened , and it is already factored in le pen 's numbers . 
  the current voter base of the left-wing is found in the lower middle class / middle class , for instance teachers and government employees ( if someone has better data on this , i welcome any correction ) . 
  they have until now been strongly opposed to front national on ideological grounds . 
  as others have pointed out , that might not hold if fillon is indeed facing le pen in the election , and keeps to his ( us ) republican-like stance of ` government employees should be eliminated by any means necessary ' . 
  the irony is that the right-wing was in power during the five years before hollande , and they were claiming that eliminating the 35h-week was necessary for the economy ... but they somehow never got around to it ( probably because they also liked the idea of being re-elected ) . 
  then hollande comes into power , and does it ( not completely , though ) . 
  of course , the left-wing voters who put him there are understandably pissed . 
  i 'm afraid m\u00e9lenchon has a dangerous streak of authoritarianism ( big fan of castro , chavez , etc. 
  ; not a big fan of a free press ) that a lot of people are willing to overlook because they like his ideas . 
  from start to finish ? 
  some top industrialists helped funding hitler 's rise to power ( as a supposed antidote to communism ) . 
  of course , it turned out afterwards that hitler had a slightly different vision from them , in that he thought that the corporations were there to serve the state . 
  but a lot of german corporations still followed happily along the re-building of the war machine , and profited from it . 
  we got one like that in france too : [ outreau ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/outreau_trial ), 
  one couple was actually guilty , but they started to spew accusations against a whole bunch of people they knew tangentially ( and sometimes had a grudge against ) . 
  turned even more tragically , because one of the ( unjustly ) accused committed suicide in prison . 
  but a military is only as good as the people in it , and the people commanding it . 
  if there is friction between the top military commanders and the new administration , it will likely end with the current crop of commanders pushed out in favour of more servile officers . 
  if russia provokes incidents ( in syria , in eastern europe , ... ) to test the new administration 's response , and that the response is to fall over , it will likely affect morale throughout the military . 
  the us military had a long climb out of a hole after the vietnam war . 
  with bad leadership , it could fall down again . 
  i 'm starting to believe that the democratic answer is * more * referendums - swiss-style democracy . 
  that way people will be more likely to actually answer the referendum questions , and less tempted to use that vote as an outlet to express their general unhappiness . 
  democracy in a country is not only in the exact details of the political system . 
  it is first of all in how much the people adhere to democratic ideals . 
  see e.g. 
  turkey for how it goes when that adhesion breaks down ( or was never there ? 
  no , what the philippines already got from this is a bunch of death squads that are now used to kill on the word of their president with complete impunity . 
  i 'm not seeing it stopping at drug users . 
  culturally , japan are their own , and no one else 's . 
  2 . and 3 . 
  what japan lacks are natural ressources . 
  coincidentally , that 's russia 's main export these days . 
  i 'm not saying it 's in the bag , but it would make a lot of sense rationally . 
  the main obstacle is historical , and a gesture with the kurils would be a big one for that . 
  even just propagating the idea of such a gesture is already a start on that way , and i am participating along as much as anyone else on the thread . 
  putin ? 
  but the problem is that he apparently still thinks like a kgb agent , in terms of compromising and subverting enemies . 
  if he thought more globally , about economic matters , defence ( in particular nuclear deterrence ) , trade , etc. 
  he would have been a lot less enthusiastic about trump . 
  curiously , i have seen a lot of stories about how evil saudi arabia is pop up to the front page in the last six months or so , and a significant fraction of those stories were from rt. 
  i do not claim in any way that there is a shortage of material , as saudi arabia has done a lot of heinous things over the years . 
  but i perceived an increased push by certain contributors to promote these stories . 
  see above in the thread all the people who have a sudden urge to `` make peace with russia '' . 
  i think it was in fact a good and noble idea to start on a new footing with russia , to repair some of the mistakes from the 90s . 
  but you need to be two to have a partnership , and as obama and hillary unfortunately had to discover , russia was not on that line of thinking . 
  exactly . 
  at first , observers thought they had obtained the ips of file sharers by just watching the torrent trackers ( which was then sold to judges as an highly advanced cyber-investigation ) . 
  when there was a huge leak of torrent data , some astute expert noticed that the ip that had originally uploaded the files belonged to them . 
  but lockerbie was acknowledged as state-sponsored terrorism , whereas 9/11 was done by saudi nationals ( an a few from other countries ) , but the case has never been made that the saudi government ordered it . 
  there is an airtrain now that connects to the nj transit line to penn station , i 'd say it 's 30-40 minutes that way . 
  in case you are really asking : the eu , along with nato , is the unifying factor that prevents the former eastern block countries from toppling back one after another to the not-so-warm russian embrace . 
  the national front is for the destruction of the eu as it currently exists ( though they may try to wrap it up in slightly prettier words ) . 
  i can already tell you what reason will be used : money .
