i think that 's a big part of this period 's history that also gets overlooked now . 
  most of the french soldiers that surrendered in 1940 were sent to prisoners camps in germany ( which were not as bad as the concentration camps that are more infamous now , but not exactly great either ) . 
  for hundreds of thousands of french families , that meant that the traditional bread winner was not at home . 
  and then the nazi government spent the next few years stringing along the french authorities on promises to release the war prisoners . 
  when i was young , i was raised to be polite and think good of everyone . 
  i was shy , introverted ( still am , i suppose ) , so it was hard to express my real feelings about a situation anyway . 
  this has landed me in a few awkward situations . 
  nothing really bad , just little things that made me uncomfortable after the fact . 
  as i get older , i find i care less and less about what random people might think of me , and in particular what a random guy bothering me might think of me . 
  i just wish my education had included teaching me one more truth along the way : some people deserve to be shut down . 
  it is a bit difficult to answer , without knowing what kind of genres and stories you like , and what you already know . 
  in general , i would say that the shortest source materials are movies , for instance the avengers and the marvel universe , or the x-men movies . 
  writers in these universes sometimes use knowledge of comics , but the fandoms have expanded to people who do n't know them , so they are not really required . 
  there is also the bbc series sherlock , for which the source material is fairly short compared to most series . 
  in theory , you are innocent until proven guilty in the french system . 
  how this plays out in practice is another matter . 
  but it is true that it is considered easier to obtain a guilty verdict in france than in the u.s. , as the standard is not ` beyond a reasonable doubt ' , but that the jury must be ` convinced in their own minds ' ( ` intime conviction ' in french ) . 
  and there is a 2/3 majority rule , so there is no possibility of a ` twelve angry men ' scenario . 
  just adding my own small experience , in case it might also help you ... 
  i love a good set-up/pay-off in any story i read ( crime fiction was my favorite genre for a long time ) , and i love writing them too . 
  maybe a bit too much , as sometimes i feel like i have passed the stage of having a chekov 's gun , to having an entire arsenal . 
  so , knowing what kind of pay-off i aim for , the beginning of the story is where i will be slipping in the early set-up . 
  finding ways to do this , while keeping it as natural as possible , is an exercise that can alleviate a lot of the tediousness . 
  cf la police de new york :, 
  [ bigbrowser.blog.lemonde.fr / 2014/04/23 / mynypd-loperation-ratee-de-la-police-de-new-york-sur-twitter / ] ( http://bigbrowser.blog.lemonde.fr/2014/04/23/mynypd-loperation-ratee-de-la-police-de-new-york-sur-twitter/ ), 
  a good analogy . 
  the hope is that new experimental results can give us a lead on what lies ` behind ' the standard model . 
  as it is , it relies too much on ad hoc parameters for the taste of physicists . 
  they are searching for a more elegant model , from which the known parameters would flow naturally . 
  of course , there is no guarantee that such a thing exists . 
  i did n't want to be too directive , leaving it to the writer . 
  do they try to work together ? 
  do they keep thwarting each other ? 
  is the city , in the end , better off or worse off ? 
  but there * was * a big celebrity/social media thingy a while back about schoolgirls kidnapped by boko haram . 
  not that it had much of an effect on things on the ground either . 
  for the champagne cover , if they had just put someone drinking champagne , it would have made light of the deaths ( even by charlie hebdo standards ) . 
  with the bullet holes , they acknowledge the tragedy , while keeping the message that we will live on . 
  they work from the same old manual :, 
  out of all these , you know what got me to laugh out loud ? 
  hawkeye 's bullets . 
  satanism , from the little i know , promotes a nietzschean will-to-power worldview . 
  buddhism , in the form most popular in the western world , is at heart a philosophy of detachment . 
  cultural differences are part of the explanation . 
  but the missing part , i think , is that in their countries of origin , there was also a social structure that prevented these people from acting out like this - be it through social pressure , retribution by relatives , or legal punishment . 
  now as refugees , they are thrown into a society where that social structure does not exist ( at least not in a form they recognize ) . 
  and they find themselves there in large numbers , so there is a group effect - isolated refugees in a strange land would be much less likely to cause trouble . 
  i love seeing the transition between forest and bare mountains . 
  any idea of how high the summits are ? 
  i would suggest setting a target on how much you want to have saved up for emergencies - repairs , broken appliances , life accidents . 
  it does not mean that you should spend everything above that , of course , but it might ease your mind . 
  in the case of occupied france , a lot of * other * people would die if a german officer was killed . 
  apparently [ he claimed credit for it . 
  there was the same question discussed in the wikipedia ` talk ' page . 
  basically , buildings like the temple were usually made out of limestone ( much easier to quarry and shape than granite ) , and marble for the decorative parts . 
  those can get damaged by heat ( this is how quicklime was made out of limestone ) . 
  the roof was tiled with ceramic tiles , but the whole support structure is made of wood . 
  add in the fact that greek temples were not likely the spotless stone constructions we see now , but would have wooden furniture , draperies , and so on , that would burn easily . 
  or , to put it in reddit-speak , wood-fire does melt limestone walls . 
  and , of course , under his rule there is no need for such silly thing as a referendum , because no one could possibly want to separate from his guidance . 
  we may have become more aware of the gell-mann amnesia effect , as described by m. crichton :, 
   briefly stated , the gell-mann amnesia effect is as follows . 
  you open the newspaper to an article on some subject you know well . 
  in murray 's case , physics . 
  in mine , show business . 
  you read the article and see the journalist has absolutely no understanding of either the facts or the issues . 
  often , the article is so wrong it actually presents the story backward -- reversing cause and effect . 
  i call these the `` wet streets cause rain '' stories . 
  paper 's full of them . 
  in any case , you read with exasperation or amusement the multiple errors in a story , and then turn the page to national or international affairs , and read as if the rest of the newspaper was somehow more accurate about palestine than the baloney you just read . 
  you turn the page , and forget what you know . 
  we have grown too used to our sources of information being skewed by an agenda - consciously or implicitly - that when actual experts try to speak , we will run their voices through our usual filters . 
   what 's the deal with dentists and scientology ? 
  dentists are high-income targets for scientology , and while they are highly educated , their courses rarely include much about how to manage their businesses once they are on their own . 
  so they will be soft targets for people who will sell them their formulas for management , all the more if the seller wraps it up with sciencey-sounding bullshit . 
  same reason they target dentists : highly educated , but mostly in scientific fields , and finding themselves running a business , with all the pressures that come with it . 
  easy targets for selling management recipes , with high earnings . 
  i had n't thought of that side effect of stocks falling . 
  that sounds like another regulation gone wrong . 
  the same way casinos do , i would guess : they pay out less than they take in in bets . 
  considering the honesty of the owners , there might be a sizable difference between the two . 
  could be jobs that were funded on european money , or a local council that gets some funding from the eu , and is not sure it will keep coming ? 
   economists and technocrats on the left bear a large part of the blame . 
  instead of contributing to such a program , they abdicated too easily to market fundamentalism and bought in to its central tenets . 
  worse still , they led the hyper-globalization movement at crucial junctures . 
  in all likelihood he was examined to see if he was sound enough of mind to stand trial . 
  it 's a pretty low bar : you need only to prove that he was aware of what he was doing , and able to understand that it is against the law . 
  it was at a vvf , these are designed as cheap holidays for families . 
  that said , yes , he and his family were likely benefitting widely from our social security system . 
  criminals are usually aware of what they are doing , and that it is against the law . 
  they just decide to do it anyway . 
  we 've seen a few times in recent incidents that reports can get inflated - several shooters instead of one , multiple scenes instead of a single place , etc. 
  then when things fold down , we see some of those reports were just due to the confusion and panic . 
  and yes , this has gotten to the point that we have gotten used to this . 
  and up one front national voter , yes . 
  i read similar stories from the time of the khmer rouge in cambodia . 
  on top of hours and hours of grueling work , the prisoners of the camps had to sit through several hours of ` reeducation ' every day . 
  that would also be when they would often execute people , for such crimes as ` foraging some food in the wild to try not to starve ' , and so on . 
  my pet theory : after a year of translating trump for the international public , some translators have been infected . 
   now they have the information they want,
