  and it was actually before the world trade center was the tallest . 
  and then when they built the world trade center it became known as the second tallest . 
  and now it 's the tallest . '', 
  on the phone on 9/11 . 
  guardian source with link to audio clip :, 
  je comprends . 
  no no no ... she is the candidate who just happens to be `` supported by the fn '' . 
  they barely know each other , really . 
  it 's the reverse - they are using drugs and counterfeit money not only to fund the embassies , but to bring cash back to the regime . 
   they try to make the serious process ridiculous . 
  and if the process becomes ridiculous , if the election does not really matter , then you can vote the way that makes you * feel * good , without worrying about policies and practical implementation . 
  it 's not a bug , it 's a feature . 
  the timing was quite likely deliberate . 
  they were free to push bullshit on twitter/facebook/fake news sites , while the french media could not fact-check . 
  fortunately , it was too little , too late . 
   `` there was a time when russian hackers were characterized by their lack of sloppiness , '' mr. hultquist said . 
  `` when they made mistakes , they burned their entire operation and started anew . 
  but since the invasion of ukraine and crimea , '' he said , `` we 've seen them carry out brazen , large scale attacks , '' perhaps because `` there have been few consequences for their actions . '', 
  une r\u00e9ponse possible \u00e0 pourquoi ils ont laiss\u00e9 de telles traces : enregistrement de domaines de phishing par des comptes identifi\u00e9s , \u00e9dition de documents dans la version russe d'office . 
  is that because there is a genetic predisposition to diabetes that has a particularly high incidence in african americans ? 
  i seem to remember something along those lines from genetics classes , but i am not sure if it applied to obesity or diabetes . 
  the nastier part is the hypothesis that this might have become prevalent in african, 
  americans due to selective pressure during transport from africa , and to the general condition the slaves were kept in . 
  i think you have found the right angle to look at this : putin knows he can not get anything more from trump , so he has to prepare for the future . 
  any move by the next administration with regard to russia will be scrutinized heavily due to current events , unless he acts now to deflect any blame - by helping bring trump down . 
  you raise good points , but there is one difference that might be important : all communications to and from af1 must be at least logged , and possibly monitored . 
  no aide stepping out for back channel communications , no discreet meetings , etc. 
  in his mind , it must have been a well thought-out statement that would definitively put the matter to rest . 
  [ rybolovlev is also the guy who had his jet parked near trump 's during a campaign stop ] ( http://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/politics-government/article137881768.html ), 
  discussions about macron are mostly found in r/france and r/europe . 
  macron supporters were not very vocal on reddit during the election , they were mostly drowned out by m\u00e9lenchon supporters ( think of clinton versus sanders supporters on this subreddit for a comparison ) . 
  since he had been elected , he has pulled several good moves that have won some approval even from those who did not support him : his government ( with some reservations ) , the laws he proposed to clean up politics , and his international moves . 
  i would say that a lot of people find themselves cautiously optimistic , and that is definitely not a usual state of mind for french people with regard to politics . 
  that said , macron finds himself currently in a second campaign that is as important for him as the presidential campaign : voting for the representatives starts next week . 
  a lot depends on how this turns out . 
  coincidentally , this is the same kind of thinking used by the quran thumpers who condone such an act . 
  on the practical side : summer in the south of france is going to be very hot for hiking . 
  unless you are used to that kind of climate , you need to be prepared for that . 
  that 's also why you got several recommendations in the thread for great mountain hiking . 
  the main issue with re-drawing borders along ethnic/religious lines in the region ( aside from the ethnic cleansing that would likely follow ) is again oil , and who would get custody of it . 
  first , you would have to restrict your question to recent attacks * in europe * , because recent attacks in iran , iraq , and afghanistan to name a few show that extremist muslims do indeed kill other muslims without a qualm . 
  even if you only look at europe , at least in france , the attacks in paris and in nice have killed quite a few muslims . 
  a bit older , but more targeted , three french muslim soldiers were murdered by mohammed merah . 
  s\u00e9rieusement , il y a un proverbe anglo-saxon qui s ` applique : `` he who represents himself has a fool for a client . '', 
  the polling organization may be independent , but them getting honest answers might be an issue . 
  let 's say they phone random people to ask them whether they support putin . 
  actual risk of getting in trouble if not answering ` correctly ' + reflex from soviet times that might magnify the risk = difficult to trust the answer . 
  but just talking about a ` buffer zone ' shows that their minds are still in the 1940s when german panzers almost drove up to moscow . 
  which , considering the trauma that was ww2 for russia , is understandable . 
  but the rest of europe has moved on , and everyone including the russians would be better off if they had , too . 
  i 'm not american . 
  i certainly think that latin america should be able to make its own way , and build the partnerships that would be the most advantageous for its people . 
  the problem is that this very mindset is also the reason why neighbouring countries want to get away from the russian sphere as soon as they can . 
  oh , i know , they are even rebranding the communist international as a nationalist international , which is somewhat ironical . 
  however , things are not as totalitarian in current-day russia as they were at the height of the soviet union , more like average-level authoritarian : people who are considered too vocal get in various troubles , but there is no systematic hunt for thoughtcrime , nor a kgb informant for every apartment block . 
   the less excess cash available the less money thats spent on things other than necessary cost of living expenses . 
  for an agency or a program , there rarely is ` excess cash ' . 
  each budget item already has been justified in some way to someone . 
  of course , having inspectors is an indispensable part of the process , because it gives an independent review of these justifications , outside of the hierarchy that produces the budget . 
  however , making broad budget cuts without review is not as useful as it might seem intuitively , because if you rely on self-reporting by managers , it is unlikely that the cuts will be applied to the right items . 
  additionally , in terms of an agency , ` cost of living expenses ' are mostly salaries . 
  so if you cut down on the rest , you end up paying people to do a job , but not giving them the financial means to do that job . 
  there is . 
  and we now know why ben carson got cast in that government . 
  plus , you ca n't let people think that the top law enforcement official of a country can investigate its president and testify against him in public , without fear of grave repercussions . 
  that might give them ideas about `` the rule of law '' , and other typical western propaganda . 
  i see what you mean . 
  let me try :, 
   it would be so great if the democrats and republicans could get together , wrap their arms around it , and come up with something that everybody 's happy with . 
  if people are not happy with the healthcare bill , it will be the fault of the democrats . 
  and maybe that of the republicans , too , but certainly not trump 's . 
   it 's so easy , but we wo n't get one democrat vote . 
  not one . 
  if we had the greatest bill ever proposed in mankind , we would n't get a vote . 
  he heard that said about republicans , maybe about the original obamacare , and is projecting on the democrats . 
   their theme is resist . 
  i 've never heard of anything like this . 
  the fact that people are publicly rejecting him is taking its toll on his ability to deflect any attack on his own sense of self-worth . 
  i did n't do everything , because the early part of the quote is mostly building up . 
  and no , dissecting that quote did not reveal any underlying logic to it . 
  one big issue with insurance companies ( in general ) is that they can improve their margins by finding new and innovative ways of not paying out what they owe to their clients . 
  who else but the masters of projection ? 
  the ` cover story ' for a while ( it may have changed ) on the trump jr meeting was that they were offered proof that hillary clinton had ties with russia . 
  it 's also alluded to in the email chain that was released . 
  yes , it 's easy to rage at the ignorance of people , but you have to consider that they have been fed exclusively this kind of misinformation for years , under the cover of reporting news . 
  full story by the guy who did it :, 
  curiously , speaking english as a second language , i think i might be less affected by trump 's word salads that native speakers seem to be . 
  i think that learning a language later in life puts a sort of filter between the words and your brain , that you do n't get in your mother tongue . 
  reading attempts at trump translations into my own language feels like my brain is trying to leak out to escape . 
  he is kgb , and thinks kgb . 
  subversion , corruption , intimidation , coercion , repression , murder , salami-style annexation of neighboring countries , that 's what he knows , and that 's what he does . 
  but developing industry and infrastructure , economy and trade , building up skilled labor ? 
  those are not his strong points , and the whole russian people are paying for it . 
  you 're reaching there . 
  is is so hard to believe that someone trained by kgb , who built his immense personal success with his kgb methods and connections , would keep doing what has worked for him so well ? 
  all successful people tend to fall in the same pitfall - assuming that what has led them to success will always work , including in new , changing circumstances . 
  yes , following a more social democratic model might have worked out better in the 90s for russia . 
  but this was the time of us triumph , so it was natural to look up to them for an economic and policy model . 
  i wonder if it might have been also a form of pride - the belief that as the former cold war rival , the ussr would naturally be able to catch up to the us if it only adopted its economic policies . 
  personal hypothesis : if trump is as obsessed with leaks as some accounts report , then getting as cos the guy who was recently overseeing a chunk of the us security apparatus might have some unsavory implications in that direction .
