  there are a bunch more that you can find in the sidebar of / r/romania . 
  we have a romanian version of almost each subreddit . 
  it 's a bit silly . 
  even one of the admins of reddit thinks so . 
  they did n't give the city that title . 
  the show is just called that way and they went to other cities too . 
  i can understand french but that 's where my proficiency ends . 
  in romanian is danemarca . 
  ahh communism leads to such a bonding experiences . 
  c'mon even the penguins huddle together when it 's cold outside . 
  what 's wrong with you guys ? 
   oh , people do n't understand this , it was in our best interest that this sort of regulation came about . 
  we do n't want horse meat in our lasagna , now , do we ? 
  that was due to the french and not because of romania . 
  they were buying horse meat from romania , labeled as such , and made lasagna with it and labeled it beef lasagna . 
  you should research a bit before pointing fingers . 
  romania also has a lot of cultural events ( the george enescu festival for example that had musicians from all parts of the world ) , we have movie theaters , theaters , film festivals , theater festivals and the list can go on . 
  sighisoara was the european cultural capital last year . 
  we had people like metallica , ac/dc , rammstein , elton john , roger waters and many other that came here as part of their worldwide tours . 
  your post is full of smugness and alludes that romania is a backwards place full of stupid people . 
  wait so decapitation is cruel an unusual punishment but electrocution is not ? 
   ironically , by not getting vaccinated idiots prolong the need for vaccines to exist in the first place . 
  nevermind the immense cost and suffering they cause that 's not how it works . 
  there are some diseases that have animal reservoirs and even if 100 % of the world population would be vaccinated the disease would not disappear . 
  one such example is the flu . 
  you can not eradicate the flu unless you kill/vaccinate every bird in the world . 
  the average monthly wage in romania is 250 euros or so . 
  with 1200 euros per month they live in luxury . 
  keep in mind they do n't have to pay rent , utilities , health insurance . 
  that is almost pure income . 
  anarchists basically . 
  the polish are fine . 
  it 's the romanians and bulgarians that do that now . 
  in moldova , the eastern part of the country . 
  the language spoke in moldova is similar to the one spoken in republic moldova which is a more archaic form of romanian . 
  most houses in romania are made of dirt . 
  and i 'm not even joking . 
  meh `` vrau '' is correct too . 
  my grandmother says it like that . 
  it 's not literary language but it 's how they pronounce it in her part of the country . 
  it 's more like : nobody likes eastern europe . 
  same thing happens in romania . 
  they buy shitloads of land and never use it for anything but they get the subsidies because no one checks them . 
  also the subsidy for pastures is insanely high so a lot of people buy terrain and says it is a pasture ( some even cut down forests to turn the land into pastures ) . 
  even the international airport in bucharest managed to get pasture susbsidies . 
  it 's a dumb system and a waste of money in my opinion . 
  i knew they were like 554 or 547 smth like this . 
  it seems i was wrong . 
  they are not really 600 but around 550 . 
  that is actually good and funny in a way . 
  that is not considered music in romania . 
  not all parents are your parents or my parents . 
  some will buy their kid anything just to make him happy/shut up . 
  sometimes you have to get burned to learn something is hot . 
  if it 's not then it will be . 
  from what i heard germans really value their privacy . 
  also there are a lot of people that will not buy it because of the kinect . 
  they are really underestimating the people on the internet . 
  i wonder how long it takes for someone to make that camera film when you do n't want it to . 
  in romania : cfr marfa ( the railroad freight company ) bought some train cars a while back , get up with the times and all that stuff . 
  the problem is that the dimwit that made the contract ( some goverment official that got shitloads of money as consultant fee ) did n't care what train cars were bought . 
  so after they bought them they realised that the train cars ca n't be used as they do n't fit through railroad tunnels . 
  so now they rust in railroad depots and the company is bankrupt hand has huge debts . 
  the funny part is that now they want to sell it and people want to buy it because those train cars have a huge scrap metal value . 
  you should watch the 5 o'clock news here . 
  every day there is a guy splitting someone 's head with an axe . 
  we are far from nonviolent . 
  we are piss poor , alcoholics , and around 50 % of us live in villages ( most do n't have running water , decent roads and natural gas and there are still over 1000 that do n't even have electricity ) . 
  the school system will collapse any day now ( teachers are leaving by the thousands every year because they are paid almost nothing ) and we will become uneducated hicks ,, 
  some got gold from the goverment after the communism regime was overthrown . 
  it was their gold taken by the state during ww2 and the early years of communism . 
  not all of them got their money through unsavoury means . 
  in romania every rich influential preson has a justice immune system ( or so i like to call it ) . 
  when they must go to prison they get life threatening diseases . 
  actually a lot of them . 
  it has chains that rotate and have a weight on the end . 
  when a mine explodes it deflects the chains without destroying them so it can continue . 
  well bbc does n't say that the thieves are romanian gypsies . 
  the whole romanian criminal thing is a hot topic at the moment for some british newspapers and some people . 
  i think in judaism you are considered jewish if the mother is jewish . 
  i think it does n't include countries not in the european union . 
  in romanian we call it elvetia from the latin helvetica i guess . 
  you have no idea what are you talking about . 
  do you think [ these ] ( https://www.google.ro/search?q=palate+tiganesti&amp;client=firefox-a&amp;hs=ldj&amp;rls=org.mozilla:en-us:unofficial&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=tn43uzfsicrl4aseoicyba&amp;ved=0caoq_auoaq&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=618 ) guys live in poverty and discrimination ? 
  no they live by exploiting their own people . 
  they send them into your `` western countries '' to beg , steal and do other petty crimes then they take the money and build those monstrosities in our country . 
  also nobody seems to mention that they get special places in schools and universities to motivate them to send their children to school but they choose not to ( also to note that like every romanian citizen they get free education from kindergarten until university ) . 
  they isolate from us on purpose . 
  everybody is talking about the stealing , begging roma but not about the rich ones or the ones that integrated into society . 
  they have a political party and someone representing them into the parliament . 
  a pahrmacy will never carry lsd because it 's not a prescription drug . 
  it 's not used to treat any disease . 
  i do n't think they are even allowed to carry morphine ( though some may ) . 
  visa electron and mastercard issued in romania work for me when buying outside the country . 
  do n't know about psn though . 
  gerard butler 's new girlfriend , madalina ghenea ( [ here ] ( http://media.rtv.net/image/201301/full/madalina2_88381500.jpg ) ) and catrinel menghia ( [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/gspfcgc ) ) . 
  edit : i feel ashamed that the cheeky girls are from my country . 
  edit2 : the pics are nsfw as they show ladies in lingerie . 
  my bad there . 
  should n't she and her bull be swimming through the mediterranean though ?
