they 're cheaper because we are poorer . 
  also they started to bury the cables and some places are looking better already . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnuxqu9j9da ) . 
  man i really love her voice . 
  in romania the cinemas have two versions of kids 's films . 
  a dubbed one and a subtitled one with original voice . 
  i remember watching how to train your dragon in english with subtitles ( not that i need subtitles ) . 
  we have that even in romania . 
  i used to watch nickleodeon ( i 'm a sucker for spongebob and avatar ) in english instead of watching it dubbed in romanian . 
  when i was a kid we had antenna tv and we received a moldovan tv station which did just that . 
  you can hear the original soundtrack only lower volume and the dub in russian/romanian is delayed by like a few seconds . 
  the delay is very similar to dubbed kung-fu movies in the us . 
  hey !, 
  romanians are not racist . 
  they just unconditionally hate gypsies . 
  but everyone knows that 's not racism . 
  one other thing that people here seem to not take into account is that a lot of the renting in romania is done illegally . 
  there is no contract , everything is done verbally . 
  this mean that the situation of rents is not really accurate . 
  most people do this because they can keep the rent low and they take all the money . 
  also a while back the government passed a law to add health contributions to rents which also encourage off the record renting because otherwise the rents would be bigger . 
  it 's not really a `` maintenance fee '' but actually an `` administration fee '' and most of it goes to heating anyways . 
  what 's left is used to pay the cold water , administration council of the building , the garbage collection , the janitor , the electricity for the hallway lights , a small fund for unexpected stuff and in some cases for gas ( i lived in a place where gas was included in my `` administration fee '' ) . 
  the ones you find in the city are great . 
  it 's the guys you find at the airport or at the train station which are the real assholes . 
  in those places always call a taxi from the city ( there are special machines which allow you to do that ) even if you have to wait a bit more . 
   there is even a law that a sign has to be erected next to things that were to some extent financed with eu money we have those in romania too . 
  that 's what happens in the darker part of romania too . 
  people get drunk and one of them remembers that the other guy owes him money , or looked weird at him 5 years ago or some other stupid shit like that . 
  the whole affair then ends up with someone 's head split with an axe . 
  well as long as they do n't make something like the monstrosities they make here . 
  here in romania they allowed graffiti artists to paint the older trains instead of repainting them . 
  those buildings are awesome . 
  i wish we had some like those here instead of these shitty and depressing communist buildings . 
  alcohol and poverty . 
  not all poor people are gypsies . 
  from the ones you posted only # 1 and the woman from # 5 seem to be gypsies . 
  the # 2 and # 3 kids are just poor . 
  they do n't look to be gypsies . 
  there are a lot of poor romanians too . 
  \\ # 4 seems to be a homeless older woman . 
  \\ # 5 only the woman seems to be gypsy . 
  \\ # 6 and # 7 are romanians . 
  they are not gypsies . 
  they look like the typical romanian meatheads . 
  you can find lots of them working as bodyguards or other jobs like that . 
  they also look your typical eastern european . 
  they are romanian . 
  well . 
  look at [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schwerer_gustav ) . 
  it was one the biggest artillery pieces ever built . 
   over around 35 % of romania 's population lives in the country-side areas it 's actually around 45 % . 
  that 's tame . 
  in romanian we have : `` futu-ti mortii ma-tii '' which means : `` i fuck your mother 's dead relatives . '', 
   first you need to see that your icbms actually work you do realize that you can test icbms without nuclear payloads . 
  just put a dummy warhead or a conventional warhead on the missile and you can test it . 
  those rockets will work if they are launched . 
  the nuclear warheads will work as they are very straightforward . 
   i still do n't understand why people take that shit . 
  because they ca n't afford something better . 
  a person that has no drug problems will never take it . 
  but someone who is addicted and has no money and withdrawal is kicking in will take anything . 
  but you can put water from the tap in a bottle and then put it in the fridge . 
  it 's exactly the same in romanian . 
  this is not true . 
  like any culture we have our slobs but not all romanian men are unkempt savages . 
  this is eerily similar with what 's happening in romania . 
   there are also many bought gypsy votes . 
  this is possible thanks to how romani communities are organized . 
  they only need to pay one guy and they get hundred to thousands of votes . 
  and romanian movies are about communism , how poor we are , communism , drama , communism . 
  did i say communism ? 
  you mean ** reap ** . 
  nope . 
  i had a tree full of these too only that they were black . 
  almost every summer you could find me in that tree . 
  romanians historically were divided into many different states in the medieval period . 
  there were 3 main romanian entities . 
  moldavia ( the eastern part of the country ) , wallachia ( the southern one ) and transylvania ( the western one ) . 
  wallachia and moldavia were in the sphere of many different empires but they were mainly autonomous . 
  transylvania on the other hand did n't really exist as a autonomous entity but as apart of hungary and later the austro-hungarian empire . 
  because of this , a big goal of romanians and romanian leaders during history was to unite the countries into one . 
  this is was our national struggle until the xixth century when wallachia and moldavia were united into romania . 
  this union was very much opposed by the big powers surrounding the countries as it would weaken their power in the region . 
  later during wwi and wwii we also lost parts of the country due to decisions beyond our control . 
  this history has made the average romanian to be very skeptical when it comes to any split of the country . 
  the data on that list is pretty old . 
  for example romania has a 81 % turnout rate but today it 's under 50 % . 
  the data for romania is also skewed because from 1960 to 1989 we had a communist regime and we know how voting worked back then . 
   are people from outside the eu shipped in the eu or what ? 
  not necessarily . 
  for example there are all sorts of `` job offers '' in romania for young girls . 
  they say that they take them to germany ( just an example ) to work as housemaids or other menial jobs . 
  after they take them out of the country they force them into prostitution . 
  this is also easier as there is not thorough checks at the borders anymore . 
  the streets in italy , germany , spain are full of romanian girls forced into prostitution . 
  i 'm sure this exact thing happens in other countries too . 
  also the snow covers the garbage and keeps the dogs and homeless out of the streets . 
  well unfortunately the [ city planner ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nicolae_ceau%c8%99escu ) is dead . 
  / r/rolistentothis / r/rocirclejerk / r/rocringe and for a nicer one / r/rogentlemanboners never and i mean never go to / r/rogonewild .
