  following that ethnic moroccan cop 's leaks on wilders . 
  no need to explain anything to me , mushreek , i called you both because i chose to . 
  now run along and play with other kids , `` kiddo '' . 
  the birds of shitfeather flock together . 
  lol , tell me about it , i lived it through the worst years . 
  hey `` kiddo '' , look at your own handle and the waters you are swimming in , apostate . 
  the day i take a word of mushreek seriously will be the day indeed . 
  on a flip side , you can imagine who was rubbing his hands when he saw the riots in rotterdam : mr. wilders . 
  he is the one standing to capitalize on the scenes where a crowd waving turkish and islamic flags fights with the dutch police in the middle of a dutch city . 
  those scenes look more like gezi park shit and less than a proper dutch city . 
  oh man , the layers of hate are very intricate in bosnia and they changed quite a bit from wwii ( when croats and bosniaks together fought serbs ) to 1990s when serbs and croats fought bosniaks . 
  in the bosnian civil war , serbs and croats collaborated in large parts of bosnia . 
  the bottom line i have heard for years and years goes like this `` cross is ultimately a cross . 
  shahadah is not a cross . '', 
  i ca n't stand the man , but he did not gas the kurds like hussein did . 
  yet at least . 
  this is not baiting , this is bullying . 
  ignore enemies at your own peril . 
   lies hurts too i am glad to see that you have decided to stop lying , / u/t129 . 
  truth hurts . 
  cheers !, 
  srebrenica was a shame for the war criminals who committed the massacre and the government of serbia that sent them there . 
  how many mass graves full of dead kurds litter the turkish landscapes ? 
  they see bosniaks as allies and brethren . 
  i am not a bosniak , i am from an ethnically mixed marriage of a croat and a serb . 
  if anything , bosniaks used to call people like myself `` joint aggressor '' , lmfao . 
  hence the quotation marks . 
  i do not share erdogan 's opinions about the dutch . 
  after all , i live in the netherlands , lol . 
  pfft !, 
  you and your ... 
  facts !!!, 
   and ? 
  are you ? 
  please elaborate . 
  came with the article i guess . 
  bosnian serbs and croats hate bosniaks and blame the ottoman era for every single evil that ever befell balkans to this day . 
  hell , one of the most common insults thrown at bosniaks is to call them `` turks '' . 
  i come from croat/serb mixed marriage and i can tell you that both of my extended families disliked each others but reserved the full wrath of their hate for the bosniaks . 
  bosniaks , for their part , love turkey and consider it to be their ally and cool big brother . 
  now , keep in mind that not 100 % of all bosniaks/croats/serbs share these opinions but majority of them do . 
  pkk terrorists ? 
  found the erdogan supporter . 
  `` it persisted ! '', 
  - erdo . 
  he is turkish , and some turks believe that bosniaks are turks ' allies and brethren , hence the use of the srebrenica bs line . 
  source : am from bosnia . 
  he might be trying to do the good ol' `` do as i say , do n't say what i do . '', 
  this is just getting worse and worse . 
  would it be too much to arrest the rioters and deport them if they do not have dutch citizenship . 
  it is amazing how entitled the turkish rulers are . 
  they are forming a fifth column inside netherlands and with this shit they will only help wilders . 
  as for the protesters in r'dam , it is clear where their loyalties lie . 
  the mutes !!!, 
  i love being a dual us-eu citizen !, 
  native privileges on both sides of the pond . 
  oh for fuck 's sake it is ** \u0106 ** and not \u010c !!, 
  `` shite journalism '' is illustrating to the uk audiences just how badly they messed up with brexit . 
  that practice will continue for the foreseeable future . 
  because it exists . 
  who would want the britisher rabble to stay in after this sort of a fiasco ? 
  trigger the fuckin ' article already you cowards . 
  he attacked iraqi forces , not the us forces , how does that dovetail with your theory ? 
  trigger the article already . 
  the americans are on vacation , and as russians have shown us recently , this is how you look when you do the tourism in these parts . 
  vacations call for photos , got ta have the old glory for it . 
  [ banovic strahinja . 
  ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082356/ ) got to come back and check out some of these titles . 
  400 years of the ottoman rule does that to people . 
  yeah , how dare i be superficial in a humorous reply to a question based on subjective perceptions from afar . 
  woe is me . 
  it 's ok , they do n't have to worry about it any more . 
  anything that came after the dark soviet decades is sunny and joyful to them . 
  once enough people who have been exposed to the soviet ruination of lithuania have died off , expect the outlook to worsen . 
  and this sort of thing will only increase . 
  the more belligerent russia becomes , the more us personnel and materiel will be stationed in europe . 
  that does not change the fact that a sizable number of french jews are leaving the country and that something should be done to alleviate their fears . 
  your country as a whole is going to be poorer if majority of french jews leave it . 
  absolutely , but both poles and the irish ( not to mention philippines and argentina ) have had a big head start on croatia , that makes me think that there could be some other reasons for it . 
  80 something if i recall correctly . 
  the strangest thing about that is the croatian embassy : it was almost inside vatican and probably the closest embassy out of all of them . 
  why ? 
  now that is something i 'd like to know . 
  do n't get me started on them . 
  lol, 
  i even found the flags of various countries along the vdc offensive , let alone mcd 's sign . 
  some of us prefer haram food to your halal thang , prophet . 
  only traitors do !, 
   west destroying yugoslavia  western imperialism such as the attack on yugoslavia i find these statements fascinating . 
  please , do elaborate and provide reliable sources supporting that . 
  `` those who love russia , they love putin ... 
  apologies !, 
  they love god ! '', 
  yeah , just like it helped serbia in the 1990s . 
  some friend , russia . 
  `` if a country has a mig-29 , nobody can attack its ' borders . '', 
  that is fancy on mr. andrei alexeyev , but serbia had several mig-29 back in 1999 and look how that worked out for them when nato pulled up . 
  no thank you . 
  it should be done only when the south of the border is at the same level of financial well-being like the rest of us north of the border . 
  `` lord !,
