  `` is it country ? 
  is it balkan ? '', 
   wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator do tell more , please . 
  no need to open windows because you have the ac . 
  i just want to shoot down one of their airplanes as a payback for what they did . 
  wrong . 
  i am calling you an apparatchik for kowtowing to putin . 
  go home and say hi to your paymasters at lubyanka . 
  every time there is a debate about how to confront putin , we have apparatchiks like you poppin ' up and vaguely threatening some form of a nuclear war . 
  neither a drunk nor a coward like you . 
  could you please elaborate on the `` eu unwinding '' tangent , do you have any ideas on how the unwinding would happen , what would be signposts down the road indicating that we are on the unwinding path ? 
  i am curious to hear your thoughts on that , appreciate you in advance . 
  both can play the game of bullshit , plus we need to even the score with the russians when it comes to shooting down the airplanes . 
  now you have resorted to bot ad hominem and a strawman , impressive . 
  nobody is advocating shooting down russian airplanes . 
  i am advocating shooting down a threatening airplane that is not responding to hails and warnings . 
  if it happens to be a russian airplane on a vacation , then we will see about issuing a statement of regret and will blame kremlin for this . 
  reductio ad absurdum : you are comparing flights of major world powers ' airforces with a chance encounter between two people on the street . 
  try again , this time use your whole brain . 
  we do n't know who they are , what they do and they remain silent without responding to the calls - take one down and the rest will start responding and turning on their transponders . 
  so we can shoot them down then ? 
  except they are reviving their icbm trains and have been engaged in several annexations recently . 
  what about what about what about ... . . 
  there are plenty of reasons for that . 
  speak for yourself , that is what it means in bosnian . 
   much like everybody believes romanians are gypsies but that 's another story . 
  ah , you play trump game well . 
  i love the well rounded argument presented , especially in all its ' permanence . 
  of course , srbija is all the way to tokija . 
  we found the humorless nationalist . 
  we all know that the crnogorski is a mixed language of two ur-languages local to montenegro : crnski and gorski . 
  nadrealisti are sending their greetings in both , lol . 
  laugh all you will at the bosnian use of turcisms , that shit has helped me a lot in turkey !, 
  lol . 
  jok and sikter were really useful . 
  as in sra\u0107kavica , lol : diarrhea . 
  not just fucking , the original meaning was to verbally criticize . 
  then , it got turned into fucking . 
  in the immortal words of stevan sremac `` pa jel ' ga kara ili ga * kara * ? '', 
  you mob would get bogged down so fast in our greenery here that you 'd give up the conquest and stay vacationing . 
  protest and disbelief anger do not make . 
  read what is written , do n't assume . 
  please understand that my words assume no legal weight , nor are they jurisprudential demands . 
  they are words of protest and disbelief at the criminal lassitude with which this `` judge '' let this suspect go . 
  that is all . 
  it 's not like they throw suspected terrorists in jails in belgium . 
  it seems to me that there are a plenty of places where the raw nationalism is very alive and kicking up to the point of forming secessionist movements : catalonia , scotland , euskara come right away to my mind . 
  the whole balkans was , is and will be an unholy mess of nationalisms and irredentas . 
  belgium , bretagne , transylvania , all of them bubbling up with hard nationalism that is borderline secessionist . 
  mind you , i am just talking about hard nationalism here , of the secessionist sort . 
  there is far more of it which is to be expected from a place that is the second smallest continent in the world but with over 50 countries and over 200 ethnicities . 
  personally , i would 've used more bricks and molotovs but this is fine as well . 
  it is painfully obvious that without an overarching element keeping the nationalism in europe in a strict check , the continent has always degenerated into a bloody mess - why do you think that has changed ? 
  do you really think that the nationalism is a spent force in europe ? 
  or that we are all friends now ? 
  if he partakes in the next attack , the said judge needs to be arrested for material support of terrorism and thrown into a prison . 
  the moment eu falls apart , the clock starts ticking toward the next inevitable europe-wide war . 
  anyone saying anything different has no idea about the history of this blood-soaked continent . 
  trust me , there is a reason why i tagged him a `` retard '' in bright red color . 
  you need to remember that we are talking about sovereign countries , outside factors need to tread gently . 
  by encouraging the establishment and growth of the civil society structures and the civil society itself . 
  france and the uk have been hit by a numerous attacks over the last few years and they had to do the needful in order to combat the terrorism . 
  on the other hand , there have been exactly zero attacks in hungary and poland , yet they are drifting to the authoritarianism at a far faster and far more concerning pace/depth . 
  i certainly hope so !, 
  former soviet-oppressed states are at a serious risk of backsliding into authoritarianism if eu does not help out . 
  right now it is hungary and poland , but there are others who can go down this road if the decay of democratic institutions is not arrested in a timely fashion . 
  these were consequences of serbian genocidaires firing tens of thousands of artillery rounds `` into the flesh '' as their hero mladic ordered . 
  or `` balija '' . 
  europe as it was before the carnage . 
  every single living creature , object static and mobile , shown in there is gone by now . 
  just a minor nitpick on my part , the rest of your post was spot on sir . 
  serbs and croatians . 
  you forgot the / s , bud . 
  there was no kla guerillas in bosnia , they were in kosovo ( kosovo liberation army ) . 
  i do not think that . 
  thank you . 
  the reason being that this is a thread about tr-nl relations . 
  it did . 
  meh , if a stranger can successfully divide brothers , they were not good brothers to begin with . 
  i do appreciate your empathy though . 
  i was born and raised in sarajevo , center county . 
  serbs used to call the bosniaks `` turks '' but the real visceral hatred toward bosniaks came from croats who called the `` balija '' - an n-word equivalent for bosniaks . 
  i have seen with my own eyes how croatian troops extract and save serbs from central bosnia back in in 1992 only for the serbs to do the same for the croats in 1993 - all while being under bosniak 's army fire . 
  that is just a small slice of my own experience , you are welcome to read up on their collaboration , all of it is well documented . 
  shit , bosniaks sent suicide bombers to attack croats back in 1993 , before damn near anyone knew what a suicide truck bomb was . 
  i stand by my statements . 
  they were outgunned and surrounded somewhere in a place they did not understand , with a war they could not relate to , without clear mandate to open fire at the attackers , their requests for air strikes denied - it is no wonder that they decided to call it quits . 
  wrong decision but understandable . 
  it goes even further back , before slavs pulled up and assimilated/eradicated the previous inhabitants like celts , illyrians etc. 
  it is a bad spot , right on the path between asia/africa and the rest of europe , everyone and their mother moved through it and shat on it . 
  ouch !, 
  hahahaha ... 
  the dutch are way to diplomatic to do that . 
  awesome , please send me some photos . 
  again , this is not the time and the place to have this debate , mr. no\u0107 \u017dica srebrenica . 
  i am glad i got my turkey travels out of my system back in 2013 . 
  this is not the place or time to debate that . 
  i am not sure if he was on his sec . 
  team , but he had detailed info on wilders ' whereabouts and he leaked them to the moroccan underworld . 
  that was a very slick ploy to get wilders out of the public eye and it did cost him some support .
