  to claim that fb data collection violates human rights is preposterous . 
  again , the terms and conditions of the way fb utilizes its ' user data is clearly outlined and defined before you join . 
  if you do not like it , do not join . 
  german paranoia is showing again , but then with their history of gestapo and stasi it is not really surprising . 
  and this is one of the reasons why facebooks , googles , linkedins and many other internet businesses will never happen in germany . 
  hell , if it was up to german courts , internet would not happen . 
  facebook is 100 % voluntary , you do not have to join . 
  if you join , you agree to the terms and conditions which are available to you prior to joining it . 
  if you do not like what you see , do not join . 
  this is retarded , plain and simple . 
  you are absolutely welcome . 
  come and spend your monies on our top-notch weed and hash . 
  what for ? 
  shitty weather and worse food ? 
  no thank you , plenty of that here in amsterdam but we have legal weed . 
  the uk voters are well within their right to decide whether to leave the eu or not . 
  the eu is well within its ' rights to decide what its ' reaction to the uk exiting the eu will be . 
  if the uk is ready and willing to deal with the consequences of a `` brexit '' then please be my guest , i am really curious how will things work out for the uk . 
  just do n't be surprised when a fuckton of capital is drained from the city and when a few million british citizens have to come back home , jobless . 
  ah , the advantages of being a dual us/eu citizen !, 
  not the place or the time to debate that sort of thing . 
  only uneducated yokels think that . 
  use is as a good sign on who you should not waste your time . 
  damn it , i got to visit barcelona before it goes up in flames . 
  yeah , i do . 
  smh at my own self , lol . 
  fyras were built by breda ansaldo , an italian company . 
  even though they were designed by pininfarina , they looked rather ugly . 
  it amazes me to see how many europeans think the same way as the us republicans do . 
  this thread gave me dyslexia . 
  that would be `` sjebano '' , would n't it ? 
  the only person being hurt by the mathematics is you . 
  germany had 81 million inhabitants in 2013 and had 557 pedestrian fatalities while poland had 38 million inhabitants in 2013 with 557 fatalities . 
  in the light of that explanation , how is / u/arvendilin getting hurt by math ? 
  nope . 
  when you are driving a two-ton metal box that is hurtling down the road at speed while pedestrians are unprotected it is ** your ** responsibility not to hurt them . 
  your frame of mind is `` i am stronger , so fuck you if you did not pay attention . '', 
  thanks to ricky from trailer park boys now it is , lol . 
  of kors , hi iz on de fejs of de plejs . 
  it is more correctly translated as contempt or disparagement , both of which are `` stronger '' words than disrespect . 
  `` pazi sad je zajebano '' `` watch out , now it is fucky . '', 
  impotent rage of a nationalist still stuck in the 19th century . 
  investigate , arrest and deport all of those found guilty of suppressing democracy . 
  how serious does germany take the death threats against elected officials ? 
  he was not really that bad when it came to foreigners , he was always very focused on the internal enemies . 
  how bitter that the history has proven him right . 
  some people try to blame some evil foreign forces for the disintegration of the old sfrj as an attempt to avoid owning up to the fact that we were our worst enemies and that we tore the place up . 
  man , haarlem is like clean and quiet version of amsterdam . 
  the kind of behavior you mention can be expected on damrak at 4am on a sunday morning . 
  haarlem is absolutely gorgeous , i am contemplating moving there from amsterdam . 
  yeah , a land where everyone was getting high with the woodland fairies and high-fiving bunnies until evil foreigners sowed seeds of discord and strife among the brothers . 
  ca n't stand it when my parents start going on like that . 
  i hope and root for you to succeed !, 
  i appreciate your honest answer . 
  the thing is that you can not impose humanism or secularism on a society , it has to be adopted from within . 
  we can not save you , you need to do that yourself . 
  thanks . 
  whataboutism is not a valid argument . 
  just accept the historical fact that turkey committed genocide on armenians . 
  good news !, 
  we will talk about american , belgian , french , australian and any other issue in an appropriate thread . 
  if you want , please start one . 
  in this thread , we discuss the fact that ankara has insulted germany based on butthurt . 
  also , i like how you parrot soviet debating tactics : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism, 
  do n't worry what i am , you should worry about you justifying historical crimes against humanity that your country has committed and refuses to acknowledge - including you . 
  that is the difference between the advanced and not-so-advanced parts of the world : all countries have done some horrible things in their history , but the advanced ones acknowledge their mistakes and move on . 
  unlike you . 
  and then you try to insult me based on my nationality , arkadas . 
  i am from bosnia and texas , now you can call me whatever you want . 
  turks ' flag worship is beyond belief , not even texans love their lone star flag like turks love their flag . 
  i had a feeling that if they could , they would wrap themselves into the flag and shit little red-colored turds with that crescent and star on 'em . 
  `` technique '' ? 
  you turks are hopeless . 
  turkey will try to become an eu member as long as there is eu , 2002 notwithstanding . 
  to wit : look at how hard they are trying to get the visa regime loosened up . 
  i have thought that the balkan nationalism was the worst . 
  unbelieveable . 
  if you think that , you might not know germans that well . 
  i did not ask you for hundreds of examples . 
  i have asked whether you consider the centuries-long practice of forcible abduction of tens of thousands of unwilling children from unwilling families to be bad ? 
  do you ? 
  do the turks really think that we will ever allow turkey into the eu with this kind of incendiary and insulting behavior coming from the top of their country ? 
  people can think what they want about germany but you can not deny that they have bent over backwards to acknowledge what they did and make sure that they do not do it again . 
  hell , say the word `` hitler '' in front of a german and see them automatically cringe like you punched them in the gut . 
  two examples out of many tens if not hundreds of thousands of such children . 
  that is an extremely bad average not to mention that you are incorrect . 
  those children were placed into janissary units and not into the life of privilege . 
  you do not consider the centuries-long practice of forcible abduction of tens of thousands of unwilling children from unwilling families to be bad ? 
  kerry knew how to speak french and republicans slammed him as a wimp for that . 
  everything that can be used against trump will be used . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_lentil_ ( caucasus ) worth mentioning, 
  this will be used so hard against him by democrats : `` so you leaving the us in the middle of the presidential campaign in order to open an amusement park in france !!, 
  you are no patriot ! '', 
  that conversation holds no interest to me due to the negligibly small numbers of such people . 
  those people we call nationalists and chauvinists . 
  which one , now that depends on their income . 
  if they are rich , they are nationalists because the system is working for them . 
  if they are poor yet parrot kremlin 's narrative , well then , if you want to be polite you can call them chauvinists . 
  how about reading the article ? 
  the answer is in there .
