as always . 
  yet they still are there , despite what the neo-stalinists in kremlin dream about . 
  please stop embarrassing yourself . 
  / u/doctomoe hates us because his beloved germany got whupped by the dastardly yanks not once but twice . 
  he should not be taken seriously with his murica hate . 
  there is still georgia and ukraine . 
  all those numbers will definitely get lower if you leave the eu as you will lose the force multiplier . 
  on the other hand , nobody is saying that you guys will sink into the atlantic and all drown - just that you will diminish in importance and your clout will be lesser . 
  you will remain relevant as well , just to a quite smaller degree than you are now . 
  although i am confident that majority of the uk voters are going to reject the retardation that is brexit . 
  your local populists need to find a different scapegoat . 
  the us can afford not to give fucks , you on the other hand are not a global empire you used to be . 
  so , how about wearing the pants that fit you instead of those you wan na rock ? 
  perspectives are different for canada and europe , really different . 
  thank fuck !, 
  now if only russia would follow it , that would be great . 
  damn tovarish , you have embarrassed yourself conclusively . 
  beautiful !, 
  such a unique and fascinating mixture of peoples , religions , architectures , everything . 
  so sad that jugoslavija did not survive , life would 've been so much better and just ** be ** for sooooo many . 
  what a sad and tragic waste - and for what ?? 
  well , you guys did fuck them up really bad . 
  only when all the people who have witnessed all that are all passed away will such animosity be mitigated . 
  dude , you seem to lack the perspective of just how bad wwii was for poland . 
  funny how people read things into words that meant something else . 
  you are not responsible for what happened all those years ago , you are responsible for your words : in this case you were distorting the truth about your country 's history to score a cheap point in a debate . 
  i was using your flair to label you as a german which immediately disqualifies you from making statements like `` polish concentration camps '' . 
  does n't matter , you are hessian . 
  bold statement for a hessian . 
  quisling bitch . 
  you . 
  you sound like a quisling bitch who has zero knowledge of history . 
  just to illustrate what sort of a tradition you are defending : even nazis did not manage to kill as many people as the soviets did before nsdap even came to power , you fool . 
  and here you are complaining about some comparatively minor shit the us has done . 
  what are you , a komsomolec from 1972 ? 
  two names for you , maladjec , two names : blokhin and yezhov . 
  read and weep . 
  and that is why you are neither a captain of a warship nor will you ever be . 
  no offense , but both you and that other dutch dude sound like two quisling bitches . 
  this is ridiculous !!!, 
  she is kowtowing to koksal baba 's retarded brother . 
  quick question for the dutch in this thread please : does mark rutte have anything to do with the rutte groep bv or is it just the same last name by chance ? 
  look at the avlijaner barking about fancy shit from mahala . 
  goes down easy with kefir and does n't come up rough . 
  the best burek is the potato burek . 
  so you belong to the bikini brigade of the propaganda trolls ? 
  we own them now . 
  georgia and ukraine beg to differ . 
  i stand corrected in that aspect . 
  well , you as an austrian should have a good understanding just why did us station their troops in germany for this long : ensuring that they do not rise for the third time and that soviets do not get any funny ideas and try to annex the mitteleuropa like they did the eastern europe . 
  there are no us forces in austria , what are you complaining about ? 
  dude , he is just yanking your chain . 
  looks like a really cheap illustration of how going into the hyperdrive looks like . 
  no need to be sorry , all good . 
  except your argument . 
  you are attacking gnuisunix , who is bulgarian , by mentioning american issues in a thread about a terrorist attack in belgium . 
  whack-a-mole game continues . 
  can someone eli5 the referendum for me please ? 
  the listing of direct costs and effects of a brexit is a tad sobering for the let 's bolt side . 
  thank you for confirming my point . 
  yugoslavia 's issues were not those of insufficient homogeneity , its ' issue were the people who thought they can leave it and be better off on their own . 
  in that vein it similar to brexit . 
  the last guy who was on top of the us `` black list '' got clobbered by the navy seal team 6 . 
  i am sure that dodik is not drzmancina enough to be on said list . 
  i would say that in the addition to other factors mentioned here that the increasing urbanization over last 100 years must 've played a role here as well . 
  talking about punishing someone is a sure-fire way to convince them to stay with you . 
  sheesh , what happened to diplomacy ? 
  if our hope is eastern europe , then all is lost and europe will burn again . 
  yes . 
  i challenge you to come to amsterdam and show me the beggars . 
  go ahead and use `` balija '' when speaking to a bosniak and see how far that conversation will go . 
  i like how you imply that i am `` on fine terms with those guys ( jan , aas or the is ) because i deem assad to be the main obstacle to peace . 
  that is beautiful piece of conjuration : are you a wizard ? 
  now , this debate has no place in / r/europe but in r/syriancivilwar . 
  i apologize , you are absolutely right about the downvotes . 
  i have corrected that mistake on my part . 
  i appreciate you elaborating your stance and providing source whilst leading a civilized discourse with me , you should not get downvoted for that . 
  so , regarding the genocide vs. assimilation . 
  assimilation can not be considered genocide because it does not involve killings on large scale needed to exterminate a population . 
  the work itself means `` killing of the race '' so assimilation ( whilst very wrong and maybe even criminal if done in a compulsory fashion ) does not cross the threshold of a genocide . 
  so , the sad history of american natives is terrible but in my opinion it does not constitute genocide nor does it even fit in the dictionary definition of genocide . 
  usage of that word where it is not applicable is akin to screaming rape when none has happened . 
  2 million people are irrelevant ? 
  wow !, 
  i am impressed . 
  you might think that it is cool or cute to use such language , but people are dying every day because of that word and people who sling that word around . 
  i am not claiming to be right , but come on , no need to use is ' language - even in jest . 
  you are 100 % right !, 
  it boggles my mind that the writing is on the wall for everyone to see , but the governments are unable to coalesce together to resolve the problem which if left untreated can destroy the eu and cause so much hardship ( if not another war in europe ) . 
  i mean , what needs to happen for the upper crust to realize what is happening and what needs to be done ? 
  i am talking about bosniaks , not bosnians . 
  there is a crucial difference between the two words . 
  bosniaks and albanian muslims are almost exclusively sunni . 
  if you are mixing up such different terms how can i rely on the rest of your statements and take them at a face value ? 
  what `` kind '' of a sunni are they ? 
  please explain . 
  no , not your point . 
  you stated that what happened with native americans was genocide . 
  to consider something a genocide there has to be an intent to exterminate the whole people , which was not the plan of the us government at any point in time . 
  if you have reliable sources that there was something like the wannsee conference in the us regarding the natives , i would love to consider your point .
