  until you furnish such proof , you are talking out of your arse . 
  talking to people who use religious insults is beneath me . 
  have a good day . 
  amusement park and not a city ? 
  are you sure you are not talking about venice ? 
  amsterdam 's historic inner core is a big tourist destination thanks to its ' architecture and coffeeshops . 
  it is the biggest city in the netherlands and the economic engine of the country , as such it is full of expats and tourists - no wonder that it is different from den bosch or almere . 
  either way , nothing like the original description that got me on a roll here . 
  we will continue this conversation when you edit your post to remove religious insults . 
  because he is the main barrier to the end of the war in syria . 
  he should remove himself and allow the peace process to start and the war to end . 
  iran and russia are his only allies and the only place where him and his family will not get assassinated . 
  he is far from gaining power again , despite all the aid that russia and iran are pouring in his inept armed forces have not made any significant gains . 
  negative . 
  there are far more tools at the eu/us disposal than just invasions . 
  articles publications will not help remove assad from power ( if caesar report did not do that , nothing will ) . 
  they can offer to give him and his family an asylum in a neutral country of his choosing ( iran or russia come to mind ) so that he can be removed and the peace process started . 
  we should not invade syria nor should we build anything in an active war zone because that would make it a very good target for assad 's forces and their russo-iranian masters . 
  bosniaks and albanians are almost exclusively sunni . 
  how does that dovetail with your statement ? 
  go home , txapollo342 , you make zero sense . 
  afghanistan is not in the middle east . 
  shia-led government 's oppression of sunnis led to the creation of the is . 
  libya started when gaddafi began massacring his own people . 
  where is al qaeda in libya and how much does territory of libya does is ' vilayet barqah controls ? 
  either we wait and do nothing while millions of people migrate into the eu , or we undertake active measures to prevent the new exodus into the europe . 
  well , what do you know , in the vast majority of the eu countries hate crimes apply to both speech and violence . 
  now , eat some delicious crow . 
  it is strange for people who live in small and ethnically monolithic places to see amsterdam which is one of the most diverse cities there is . 
  we do have our problems , but it is nowhere near the middle eastern version of the blade runner 's la that he has described . 
  who is talking about us soldiers dying ? 
  turkish soldiers are already dying . 
  the migration is a huge problem for europe , an existential problem and as such it requires novel approach . 
  waiting for the yankees to fix it for us will not work , waiting for the conflagration in syria to stop by itself will not work , trying to absorb the migrants will not work . 
  southern turkish border needs to be sealed , eu-led pacifying force needs to be sent to libya and syrian war needs to be stopped by a hook or by a crook . 
  waiting for the deus ex machina will not solve anything . 
  the blankets story is a fairy tale . 
  the european diseases started rampaging throughout both north and south americas shortly after the first contact with the europeans . 
  european-introduced diseases have decimated the native populations of the americas way before european and later american settlers ever reached said populations in person . 
  the filth that europeans introduced into the americans was the biggest killer of the natives , not the guns not the steel . 
  and finally , the remnants of the natives has been pushed slowly toward the western parts of the north america . 
  keep in mind that this has happened over period of about 300 years , without planing or intending to exterminate natives . 
  holocaust on the other side was planned , organized and done within 7 years with the explicit intent to exterminate the jews . 
  you are comparing apples and whales . 
  there was no genocide in the americas . 
  got it downloaded and can not wait to see it . 
  you are dutch and you obviously do not know what a dutch city feels like . 
  whoa buddy !, 
  i live there and i have not seen anything remotely close to what you describe . 
  genocide is an intent to systematically eliminate an ethnic , racial , religious , national , linguistic or a cultural group . 
  that has not happened in the usa . 
  ethnic cleansing , maybe . 
  full stop . 
  why do you think this would be iv reich when this should be a pan-eu project ? 
  do you think there is an alternative to this ? 
  i love brass music from serbia and romania , and this seems like a wonderful combo of a proper string instrument with my beloved brass !, 
  it just looked like something that this song was made with : https://youtu.be/pm5f8ejyglq been listening to it for days now , can not stop it !, 
  thank you sir !, 
  except that there is such a thing as a hate-crime . 
  take the l and learn something today . 
  there was no genocide of the american natives in the usa . 
  croatians , bosniaks and slovenes are slavic yet they were considered acceptable by the ns regime . 
  because lebensraum was a planned genocide while us expansion into the western parts of the north america was not a planned genocide . 
  not to mention the effects of the european-introduced diseases that have been ravaging the native populations for 300 years before the usa was even a thing . 
  history . 
  it helps to know it . 
  third rome is best rome !!, 
  hungarians , lol . 
  they are still seething about trianon . 
  pay the turks to seal the border with syria , iraq and lebanon ; activate nato troops and station them on said borders , reactivate patrols of the mediterranean , send eu peacekeeping force to libya , station nato troops alongside turkish troops on the southern turkish border , work with the us and turkey to stop the war in syria by removing assad regime ... all that will stop the flood of refugees into the eu . 
  if schengen goes , eu goes . 
  if eu goes , there will be war in europe soon after . 
  yes and yes and no . 
  now stop . 
  you live in a glass house yidyokud , stop throwing stones . 
  does that include bosniaks , albanians , pomaks ... ? 
  i am willing to bet that he is implying since the idf bombs gaza that it is fault of every single jew in the world . 
  antisemitic is always anti-jewish . 
  nobody calls muslims `` semites '' , not to mention that most muslims in germany are ethnically turkish , bosniak and albanian . 
  most of those are horrifying and scary as hell . 
  i remember being a kid and seeing a procession of those slowly emerging from a forest in a heavy snowfall , snaking its ' way toward my grandparents house while making noise ... 
  i was not able to move a finger , the fear was paralyzing . 
  do you have the name of that instrument or maybe some youtube links where we can hear it ? 
  thank you , got it downloaded and ready to go as soon as i am done with the `` work '' . 
  is it worth reading ? 
  good luck with that , we got the monies and we got the paid time off . 
  not to mention the british `` nobles '' from the aptly named house of lords banging and killing kids left and right for fun . 
  sounds like mr. cummings took an idea from trump . 
  if you think that german authorities have any qualms about deporting large numbers of people , you have clearly missed what the german government did with over 100k refugees from croatia , bosnia and kosovo back in the late 1990s . 
  what is `` balkan people '' ? 
  are they people from the part of the world that is so far away from you that you do not know what countries exist there ? 
  or are you emulating murican ignorance of your own neighborhood ? 
  there is no need to bs . 
  cute strawman fallacy there buddy . 
  i am surprised that the french authorities are tolerating such large number of non-registered foreigners . 
  there is no privacy on the internet . 
  if the german courts were consistent with the ecohr , they would have to ban all internet communications . 
  this is not clash of fb t&c vs human rights . 
  this is a service provider that clearly lists its ' terms and conditions to its ' potential users prior to them joining it . 
  they are not a provider of water , food , or any vital services that if not provided would result in harm or death to its ' user base .
