  just report it . 
  i do n't get it . 
  at first she is basically proving my point , that the radicals are the danger . 
  her final statement about political correctness is out of context . 
  that was not very enlightening for me . 
  i ca n't watch a 1,5 h video now . 
  i will do so the following week . 
  i would like to see some of these valuable arguments , however . 
  i guess i will find them in the video . 
  edit : two more aspects . 
  not all of those people do hold the belief voluntarily . 
  this is a highly difficult cultural and psychological topic . 
  secondly , while being political correct might not help , the denunciation of a people does neither . 
  do i get that right ? 
  do you want to start a discussion about the origins and justifications of ethics ? 
   no one deserves to live by default either . 
  just like every topic in practical philosophy , ethics do not have a scientific or natural basis . 
  there are vital principles , however , that provide a fundamental framework and guarantee a peaceful society by experience . 
  one of these principles are the human rights , and these contain , that every human being has got the right to live and , by that , deserves to live . 
  do you agree ? 
  i do n't know . 
  it would be even more disgraceful , if not . 
  but i tell you what : almost every state agrees , and germany does , too , for a very special historical reason that i guess i do n't have to mention . 
  there is * nothing * that comes above the dignity of a human being . 
   do you consider open rejection of superstitious belief to be bad ? 
  i do not understand your point . 
  sure . 
  but let me confront you with the facts of the matter : islam is not a violent belief . 
  faz is described as `` b\u00fcrgerlich-konservativ '' by wikipedia . 
  i guess that is correct . 
  concerning local media , i would say that bigger newspapers just have a higher quality . 
  i only know local media from augsburg ( a. allgemeine ) which surprisingly has a run as big as welt and is quite serious and qualitative , and tz and az from munich , which are ... well ... tabloidoid , not very serious . 
  the expenses this research would cost to be a success is far bigger than 10 bn . 
  the life of a human is to be set higher in value than any research that has not even a perspective of success . 
  if the research would be important , it would be done . 
  it 's not like there is no money . 
  your islamophobia is disgraceful . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1q7wewh1-4 ) is an excellent interview about biased media with aidan white , director of the ethical journalism network . 
  about my point of view : i do n't think that the important media in germany is biased when it comes to news coverage . 
  ( well , except bild , but that 's a tabloid . ), 
  they are biased in commentary , which is normal . 
  sometimes , the articles are just bad . 
  but that 's another topic . 
  print media is still the media with the highest quality in germany , internet portals must catch up . 
  of course zeit and spiegel are left-wing . 
  but if you take a right-wing newspaper such as faz or welt , you will see , that they do not differ very much . 
  they do in the commentary ( which is normal ) , but not in the news coverage . 
  plus , if you take the commentaries seriously , you should reconsider your view . 
  the people there will * always * find something to agitate their views and criticize the politics , the capital , the media or anything else . 
  they do n't represent the majority and they are - usually - helplessly lost in hate and anger . 
  * more on activism . 
  as i said , you will not convince * one * single person with your insults , except for the ones that are already on your side . 
  the fact that you can not control your anger is another topic . 
   you just sit there with an opinion and animals are being fucked up . 
  yes . 
  animal rights is not on first place when it comes to my activism . 
  treating people with respect is one place above . 
   i have mentioned multiple scenarios of extreme cruelty and you have skipped them all . 
  as the slavery example i gave . 
  i 'm very sorry , but `` part 1 '' from earlier was the first time that you talked about slavery . 
  the cats were the only dilemma i could see . 
  and if you do n't want me to miss stuff or leave something out , formulate your arguments in a clear way . 
  every passage has got a ton of statements and allegations , lots of repetitions . 
  you talk twice about the thankful spaniards , four times about how you need to motivate activism . 
  i will not answer every sentence that you wrote . 
  * on other animals . 
  do you make a difference between bulls and dogs ? 
  between bulls and mice ? 
  i do n't , and i guess that you do neither . 
  which makes your outrage fake again or unreflected . 
  plus , i tell you that again , i do not defend bull fighting . 
  i am fighting the way you talk about it . 
  do you need that framed above your desk ? 
  * on your position . 
   i did not say that they did it to make the animal suffer . 
   people who get a rush out of fucking up animals are pretty sick individuals . 
   blood dripping out of his nose , standing all mighty and powerful over the animal in agony , before slaughtering an animal for entertainment . 
  assuming that they do that to `` get a rush '' , you might want to read your comments again . 
  and rethink your position . 
  or does `` fucking up '' an animal has a special meaning ? 
  your statements clearly claim that spaniards do kill to be entertained . 
  so no , you are * not * right . 
  but yes , ca n't back my point . 
  * on culture . 
  when is culture not a justification for animal torture you mean ? 
  it is never a justification . 
  and again , i have never stated otherwise . 
  furthermore , i do n't think that the animal cares if it is tortured for blood sport or only for food . 
  again , the bulls are getting eaten . 
  the animal also does n't care about how you feel about it being a toy or an object . 
  it does n't care about your feelings . 
  these might be your motivations , but they are argumentatively irrelevant . 
  * on hypocrisy . 
   however then your second line of defense is that you want to see equal call outs on that on this forum , but i undertake plenty initiatives outside this forum and it is your fabrication , your demand for something not to call hypocrite . 
  great !, 
  probably i was wrong !, 
  if i see your comments under the next posts about european countries , i will solemnly apologize and send you a pair of wei\u00dfw\u00fcrste . 
  no just kidding . 
  i will check for it , though . 
  * on motivation and activism .
