  hunting with traps and bow and arrow for sports . 
  meat industry and its crowded stables . 
  it happens everywhere . 
  but do you post your polemic agitation under every post in r/food that contains meat ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  and this makes you a hypocrite . 
  but not only that . 
  you also have the nerves to insult a whole culture , a whole nation with your hypocrisy and probably think you do the right thing , no ? 
  well , this sickens me . 
  another question : how is your general relationship to latin america ? 
  politically , cultural , on a personal level ... 
  catalans , why do you want to separate ? 
  and do you think that this will actually happen ? 
  and embarrassed your mother . 
  nice one . 
  thank you for the quick answer . 
  i did n't see your flag . 
  i was fooled by your reference to the lion and thought you were american . 
  `` i did n't suggest bull fighting was trophy hunting . '', 
  well , the beginning sentence `` trophy hunting is wildly frowned upon here . 
  '' , while talking about bull fighting , made it look differently . 
  no , trophy hunters do not kill in a humane way . 
  just to remind you : the lion guy tried to kill the his prey with a bow and arrow , as do many . 
  he did n't succeed and had someone go after the lion and kill it . 
  furthermore , the notion of `` humane '' in this context is highly imprecise , which is why i mentioned the meat industry . 
  nothing there is humane , if you consider hunting methods humane . 
  `` nobody is laughing , but anybody from a civilised country is going to find these practices difficult to understand . '', 
  yes , people are laughing . 
  and when you write `` shame about the bulls dying . '', 
  under an article that describes the death of seven people , it does n't sound very respectful . 
  plus , i would n't consider spain uncivilised . 
  customs are different . 
  and people from different ages see tings in a different way . 
  try to tell a 70 year old french not to eat foie gras . 
  `` bull fighters torture them to death . 
  people give a shit about the welfare of the animals . '', 
  true , but as i said , there are many more examples where nobody cares . 
  and i consider it to be hypocritical if you circlejerk about bull fighting but accept other things that are not slightly culture-related . 
  `` it was banned in 1835 , 30 years after the first attempt to ban it . '', 
  you see , it takes its time . 
  e : fixed misspellings . 
  there was outrage about the lion not because of hunting , but because it was an icon for the region . 
  big difference . 
  bull fighting is not trophy hunting . 
   hunting in the united states is not associated with any particular class or culture ; a 2006 poll showed seventy-eight percent of americans supported legal hunting [ . ], 
   ... indian blackbuck , nilgai , axis deer , fallow deer , and barasingha can now be found on hunting ranches in texas , where they were introduced for sport hunting . 
  hunters can pay upwards of $ 4000 as fees for hunting a barasingha . 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hunting#united_states ) 4 . 
  `` why exactly am i supposed to give a shit ? '', 
  i do n't know . 
  but seems like you do , or at least the people in this thread , because they complain about it and they laugh about these dead people . 
  because they put an animal 's life above a human one 's . 
  so do n't act like you are not doing anything . 
  the guy is right . 
  this is a tasteless comment . 
  this is the biggest circlejerk on reddit and a disgrace . 
  i thought this was limited to the us , but no , now it is also part of r/europe . 
  if people hunt deer with bow and arrow , it is fine . 
  if hordes of animals are held in the most run down stables under poorest conditions , nobody cares . 
  but you have the * nerves * to tell a whole nation what is good or bad ? 
  incredible . 
  but not only that . 
  not only do people complain about that , they are also happy when a torero dies . 
  `` why does n't the bull get a prize ? '', 
  you are literally happy and making fun of people dying . 
  you have no moral and no shame . 
  this is disgusting . 
  i smell a market gap ... pillars for towel chains . 
  or electric towels . 
  pm me for this newest advancement of german engineering . 
  that was ... wonderful ... 
  with what exactly ca n't your town cope ? 
  elaborate , please . 
  excellent proposal . 
  that 's not an award . 
  who told you this , rt ? 
  this was a gift , and it is to understand as a hint . 
  hey . 
  according to the polls in this sub , only 18 % of germans would defend their home country , but 38 % would help a nato member . 
  even with broom-brooms . 
  that is actually * very * solidary . 
  is it a fascist bear ? 
  lol plus you are still awake . 
  i appreciate the effort . 
  fair enough . 
  right . 
  rebel 's side . 
  not rebels . 
  however , since all of this is not only made possible by russian politics , but russian soldiers and weapons and tanks were proven to be active in ukraine , you can definatelly say that russia is responsible for the artrocities . 
  no upvotes . 
  and by the way : i do n't think that germans can complain about what happend after ww2 . 
  sure , you are correct . 
  but that was not the point . 
  yes . 
  both sides . 
  good that you admit it . 
  oh and the involvement of russia could ' t be any more obvious . 
  no need to state that . 
  if i 'd be an advocate against the hypocrisy concerning animal relations , i would fight for the right to eat dogs and cats . 
  this will have the biggest impact and the most intense public debate .
