  serious question : do you expect valencia , aragon and the balearic islands to follow your example ? 
  on a personal note : the decision of independence is a major one , one for the next century . 
  do you really think that this is appropriate concerning the fact that the discussion is highly emotional and kind of ... well ... fashionable ? 
   euskadi basque country ? 
  what about it ? 
  does it have more power of decision ? 
  because it is your government . 
  and this is not a slave rebellion . 
  you are not oppressed by the central government . 
  if i recall correctly , there is n't one region in spain that has more power of decision than catalonia . 
  because it is a government 's duty to maintain control and sovereignty over its land . 
  in your example , this is n't something between wife and husband , it is about father and son . 
  can someone give me an unbiased summary or an article of the reasons why catalunians want the independance ? 
  the articles in the german newspapers that i 've read have n't been very enlightening . 
  or is there a subreddit for the discussion ? 
  at least you can smoke there ... 
  yeah . 
  it is * one * refugee who says that . 
  what a clickbait . 
  i also wonder where they `` threaten '' with anything . 
  the new extremists are not refugees . 
  maa\u00dfen , the president of the agency , explicitly says that there is no proof that terrorists or extremists entered the country . 
  do you want to take a look at our most influencial salafist ? 
  [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre_vogel ) . 
  100 % german , educated . 
  guys like him are the real danger . 
  see above . 
  thanks . 
  but this is unfortunatelly something that must be downvoted by the xenophobes and the islamphobes . 
  i 'm sorry , but you could not be more wrong . 
  * the `` problems '' of these people are addressed on a daily basis . 
  there are huge political efforts to take care of the higher numbers of refugees and the deportation of asylum seekers that are not accepted . 
  it is rediculous to say that nobody `` addresses their concerns '' . 
  * but that is not the problem . 
  the problem is the extreme agitation in the internet , especially on facebook . 
  this agitation has nothing to do with critical aspects of refugee politics or `` besorgte b\u00fcrger '' or whatever . 
  this is pure racism and islamophobia , in the worst way possible . 
  facebook gives these people a way to spread these unworthy ideas , to form groups and to have a forum where they can support each other . 
  and this must be stopped . 
  all this whining about `` merkel does n't do anything '' and `` our government denies everything and wants to censor anything '' just shows that you have no idea about what is happening at the moment . 
  edit : really , everybody that answers you in a reasonible way gets downvoted ? 
  you might have to wonder sometimes if r/europe is completely overrun by xenophobes and islamophobes . 
  i do not accuse you , foobar . 
  but this is obvious and a disgrace . 
  what ? 
  how is this denying the problem !? 
  this is exactly the opposite : deal with the problem . 
  really . 
  her `` aggressive '' actions . 
  i 'd like to see that . 
  exactly . 
  there is a difference between forcing someone by law to do something and asking them for a comment or a reaction . 
  if reddit wanted to unblock it , they could do so at once without any legal consequences ( for now ) . 
  it does not get blocked by germany . 
  reddit voluntarily blocked it for german ips after there was an informal complaint from the bundespr\u00fcfstelle . 
  so no , the wikipedia ban and the / r/watchpeopledie ban are in no way comparable . 
  edit : as far as i know , there is no ip-blocking in germany at all . 
  only confiscation of servers . 
   but i think it does . 
  because if there is more than one viable approach , then it 's not clear that we must follow a specific one . 
  two thoughts on that : human rights is not one principle ( as i have wrongly stated before ) , but a set of principles . 
  why take that one ? 
  for pragmatic reasons , we can take the one that already exists , that has been proven to work and that is acknowledged by many states and institutions . 
  question : can you name an alternative ? 
   when i say ` state of being ' what i mean is which circumstances , which standard of living and so on is required for people to have what 's considered to be a dignified existence , and if there is nothing above that dignity and if it is indeed a universal human right on which germany agrees then why is n't germany spending all its resources on ensuring that all [ or at least the maximum amount of ] people do exist under these dignified conditions ? 
  few thoughts on that : what is part of a life in dignity is decided by court decisions , the youngest one i know of dealt with the question of how much money refugees get and how much they can decide on their own , where to spend it . 
  ( i.e. 
  do they get food by the camps or do can they decide freely where to buy food . ), 
  a difficult and highly detailed question . 
  the dignity-question is part of the german constitution and is only applicable for german citizens , people who are in germany and people who come in contact with german law / executive etc. 
   i do n't think anyone , including germany , is spending all the money needed to fix this . 
  nor has any country set out to maximize the number of people that could be granted that dignified existence given the resources of that country . 
  what , do you mean every person on earth ? 
  as i said earlier , this is a matter of the german constitution . 
  furthermore , germany acts according to the un human rights carta and the geneva convention . 
   sam harris argues that this ` peaceful ' society is a natural basis and that we thus can indeed use science to discover ethics . 
  great , where is this research ? 
  has it already been done ? 
   a ) society is n't peaceful and has never been peaceful , that b ) you need to define vital and that c ) there can be more than just one ethical frameworks or set of policies that may allow for comparatively peaceful societies . 
  a ) do n't worry , at least in germany we live quite peaceful together . 
  b ) vital principle : a principle that has been proven successful by experience , concerning its intentions . 
  c ) of course . 
  but that has nothing to do with it . 
   i do n't agree , because there 's a clear difference between the right to live , which protects you from others , and deserving to live , which requires others to protect your life . 
  both of your internal questions deal with more or less the same . 
  the philosophical approach would be the same ; how to guarantee a live that is equal , free and safe for every citizen . 
   which state of being is required for a human being to be considered dignified , and if what you said is true , then why is n't germany spending every last penny of its resources in making sure that all 7 billion people - who do all have an equal [ human ] right to it - can exist in that state ? 
  there clearly are some things that are above that dignity . 
  do you think about abortion with this or what ? 
  all right , then lets assume that for this discussion , the state is a born human being . 
  germany is spending the money that is needed to give these people a life in dignity , along with other countries . 
  so no , on an ideological and juristical view there is nothing above the dignity . 
   islamophobia is vehement rejection of islam , a form of institutionalized superstition . 
  so i asked if you consider open rejection of superstitious belief to be a bad thing . 
  islamophobia is also , as it is represented here , the discrimination of people who belief in islam . 
  the atheist / agnostic question is a fully different topic that has nothing to do with this discussion . 
  no worries , i am thankful for the input . 
  first , i could n't really find a source of her claim about the procentage . 
  the number , however , is surely too high and there must be something done against radicals . 
  but you do not achieve that by insulting all muslims as `` cave men '' .
