  i would post some cat pics on a main page . 
  you literally complained about being downvoted . 
  by the way , since your post now has 8 points , more than the majority of all posts , i decided to report you . 
  now tweet this . 
  cheers . 
  you really made a post and whine about it in another subreddit ? 
  can it get any more pathetic ? 
  you know how you call that ? 
  brigading . 
  people get banned for that . 
  worked out for you , -5 to 0 points in a few hours . 
  what exactly do n't you understand in the sentence `` i am not a fan of bull fighting ? '', 
  do you need an explanation ? 
  a translation ? 
  you want me to read it for you ? 
  machismo is a position that is n't present on a large scale since the 50 's . 
  plus there are female toreros / toreras . 
  guess who was one . 
  bette ford . 
  you are digging yourself a whole that you can not escape . 
  give it up , my friend . 
  let it go . 
  it wo n't do you any good . 
   wrong , i talked about fucking up animals , you came with the intend , now you have to prove that no one does or watches this out of pleasure of watching animals suffer . 
  i have to prove you that the intention of bull fighting is not the suffering of the animal . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bullfighting#cultural_aspects )  i condemned this practice , judged it as a sick practice and you shifted to intend somehow being separated from all consequences , now you have to prove it . 
  you do far more than condemning only this practice . 
  far more . 
  and this is exactly my problem . 
  plus nobody said anything about separation from consequences . 
  these are just not the reason why people watch bull fighting . 
   who says psychos are not attracted to this and love to see an animal suffering , using this practice as a vehicle for their sick need and enjoying the hell out of it ? 
  yeah if you like to see animals suffer , you just get a cat or a mouse from the pet store and torture it . 
  a lot cheaper . 
  there might be some individuals who are attracted by animal gore . 
  sure . 
  but that can not be transferred to all aficionados . 
  you even transfer that to all spaniards . 
  so , it is your time to prove that every spaniard is enjoying animal suffering . 
   wrong as you never made this suggestion earlier . 
  another distraction to make this about me . 
  that was a simple question . 
  so how is it ? 
  is that the case ? 
   look another remark to hold imperfection of animal consideration from the one as a way of justifying a cruel and horrible practice . 
  you try again to move away from the issue and it is getting pathetic . 
  uncomfortable with your position ? 
  no justification , just a funny remark . 
  i have never felt better in my argumentative postition , by the way . 
   are you mature enough to own up to your own point of view ? 
  i do that all the time , in case you have n't noticed . 
   i am against the stupid apologist shit that culture makes animal abuse and cruelty against animals justified . 
  yeah . 
  and i am against the incitement of people . 
  you have mentioned the nazis earlier . 
  now guess what . 
   so , do n't sneak in that you are against bull fighting . 
  again , you are not talking about the issue that is discussed here . 
  i have never ever said that i am a fan of bull fighting and have never gave a hint to make believe it . 
  deal with it . 
   you are one of those people that think that being tolerant to the intolerant and cruel is somehow noble and not fascist . 
  i am one of those who detest people who try to impress their own oppinion to others in the way of insults and false emotion . 
  and i hate people who discriminate . 
   no you want to protect a cruel and abusive culture by acting self righteous about culture , as if that makes the core issue go away . 
  no i do n't . 
  you do n't even understand my words . 
  i want you to stop discrimination and start recognizing that the way you judge is hypocritical . 
  you can certainly be about bull fighting . 
  good !, 
  be against animal cruelty !, 
  but be consequent in what you do . 
  and that is exactly what you are not . 
   incitement of people ? 
  over what ? 
  abusing and torturing animals ? 
  of course i call that out . 
  this is getting old . 
  a lot of repetition . 
  you do more than calling this out . 
  you insult a nation with all its people . 
  and you are ridiculously inconsequent , as i said earlier . 
   you place a higher value on culture than animal abuse and cruelty towards animals . 
  told you already . 
  you do too . 
   wrong . 
  you have no shame and no decency . 
  serious question . 
  does it give you a thrill to see the sport of bull fighting looking at it from a cultural perspective ? 
  looking at it with that lens ? 
  makes it you feel powerful to see an animal slaughtered and humiliated in front of you for the sport and culture , making fun of his lower cognitive abilities , ole , ole , ole ? 
  yes ? 
  does that give you a hard one ? 
  same stuff . 
  how old are you ? 
  twelve ? 
  ** conclusion : ** you talk a lot about bull fighting . 
  you fill pages with insults . 
  you are not able to argue on a grown up level . 
  you are not able to see the issue i was talking about .
