we are also talking about iraq constantly as well . 
  plus , russia will not get away with anything . 
  well . 
  he deleted his whole account . 
   so it 's ok for the uk to have all the russian oligarchs ' money in its banks but not ok for poor little hungary to sell a firm to russia ? 
  yes , that is ok , because the uk will not fall under the influence of russia . 
  plus , russia will not gain access to the energy market and ressources of a eu country . 
   one of the foundations of capitalism is the fact that politics do n't interfer with trade and finance . 
  that is just plain wrong . 
  do you ever read an irish newspaper ? 
  or do you think that ireland is a socialist country ? 
   it is absolutely necessary and appropriate for the eu to take countermeasures . 
  no , that is not what i 'm saying . 
  try to understand my comment again . 
  then come back . 
  it is strictly against europe 's interests , so stop with that `` the us is controlling us '' - bullshit , i ca n't hear that crap any longer . 
  well you had your whataboutism . 
  i answered you and showed you that your comparison is not correct . 
   hungary can sell what they want to whoever they want . 
  that is the point . 
  they ca n't . 
  they are part of the eu and if a decision of hungary is contradictory to the european politics , it is absolutely necessary and appropriate for the eu to take countermeasures . 
  yeah and everybody tried to stop france doing so . 
  there is your answer . 
  for the peace of europe and the world . 
  and for the life of the ukrainian people . 
  that , in my eyes , are two strong reasons . 
  while i understand your point , i do n't think that we should fall this low . 
  because our highest good is the constitutional democracy . 
  let 's show russians how much of worth this thing is . 
  first , russia could try to not make it any worse . 
  but it looks like even that is a very optimistic wish . 
   very little help no . 
  got it . 
   the norwegian barents secretariat aims at developing the norwegian-russian relations in the north by promoting and funding norwegian-russian cooperation projects . 
  what website is this !, 
  he never spread the word . 
  in march ? 
  good that he put that straight . 
  both handwerk and industry are in desperate need of qualified people . 
  your wage does n't have anything to do with that . 
  you are this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=768h3tz4qik, 
  my longterm spanish girlfriend that i have met during her erasmus in germany moved to munich one year ago . 
  plus , many of my coworkers are spanish . 
  that european feeling that i experience everyday by the presence of f.ex . 
  spaniards in my work and in my private life is something that i never want to miss . 
  this is the european integration . 
  the brain drain is just a period . 
  and in ten years , who knows , the germans will come to your country . 
  and this time not only to mallorca  . 
  i 'm happy to have you here . 
  thx , 
  yes yes , i know of several names that sound like they are derived from the polish language . 
  neu-strelitz for example , from `` str\u011blci '' ( says wikipedia ) . 
  you are right . 
  but chemnitz never took my attention on that matter . 
  interesting . 
  btw new leaks , 
  you are right , but it can work . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_schleswig_voter_federation nonetheless , what i ment is the strong polish community in munich . 
  that needs to develop , along with others . 
  i never was aware of that . 
  there is a quite popular `` young-adult fiction '' ( as my translator says ) from willi f\u00e4hrmann who wrote about a german boy that lived in a time where polish and german citizens lived in one `` state '' , in the 19th century near the baltic sea . 
  it is always astonishing to read about the time where the national states did n't exist , despite it is a children 's book . 
  a german village right next to a polish one . 
  and i do n't talk about the border  good to see that this living together is on a rise . 
  you ean that chemnitz and zittau actually have their names from slavic words ? 
  * mean, 
  checked it , valid objection . 
  nice . 
  how do you call munich and augsburg ? 
  as a friend of the latin language , i love you . 
  my spanish friend who is staying in germany always tells me how the weather sucks and how badly she misses the sun . 
  but to be honest : in my eyes , there is nothing better than seasons . 
  on the other hand : what is spain or california without infernal temperatures that you can only survive with a swim in the ocean ... 
  but : icy winters with snow , fresh and bloomy spring , hot summers ( please < 32 \u00b0 c ) , colourful and windy and cloudy autumn . 
  i never want to miss that here . 
  but seriously fuck april . 
  this is not the german anonymous site . 
  try [ this ] ( http://www.anonnewsde.org ), 
  since you do not contribute anything new to this discussion , i regard it as finished . 
  but one last question : where do you come from ? 
  let me tell you , first of all , that i am deeply insulted by your comment . 
  to the topic : there is no relativization about the atrocities that nazi-germany committed . 
  that 's a common rule when you talk about world war 2 in germany , because wrongdoings can not be compared . 
  nazi-germany stands alone , just like anything else that has to be judged . 
  despite the fact that others might have done something wrong , too , this is what we have to take the responsibility for . 
  * `` in the history of mankind '' : please elaborate . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  as some people say , the war and the holocaust are germany 's identity . 
  nonetheless , please explain to me this absolute statement in more detail , because just like the relativistic point of view , the absolutistic is irrational . 
  did they kill the most people ? 
  still fucked up ? 
  most certainly . 
  so please explain . 
  * `` if you were from a country ... '' : possibly . 
  but i am not . 
  that does n't mean that i ca n't argue about it and that my arguments have a point . 
  by the way , there are a lot of people who are from a country that had suffered from the nazis , and they still do n't talk like you do . 
  * `` well , that 's not surprising ... '' : oh no , you can have your free speach .
