  i was talking about a stage that is as big as reddit . 
  because clearly , your point of view is plain wrong and antiquated . 
  and should n't be spread . 
  but thankfully there is this downvote system here . 
  * `` live by the sword , die by the sword . '', 
  or : an eye for an eye . 
  that is exactly the primitive point of view , that some people still think is the status quo . 
  but you are wrong . 
  as you prove with both your language and your content , this produces nothing but hate . 
  and to say that an individual person deserves to die is an individual matter . 
  furthermore , it is a topic of philosophical degree . 
  get into it , if you like . 
  with this comment , i am not putting the actions of the russians after world war 2 in question , but from today 's point of view , it is outrageous to put a prisoner of war in a labour or death camp . 
  still think that europe is inhabited by neonazis , fascists and nationalists ? 
  please reply . 
  yeah but europe invented america , 
  wow , thanks , i did n't knew this . 
  btw , i do n't know if you watched `` breaking bad '' , but that reminded me of the scene where hank gets up becuase he thought that his exploding beers were shooting intruders :d, 
  no that is not ok . 
  it 's ok to have a high quality of ` natural ' beers , but the stuff that i miss here , like that strawberry beer from belgium and the harpoon ipa and that american orange beer ... that 's genius . 
  but you 're right , that will never happen in bavaria , because we have this retarded mentality . 
  den ` stock im arsch ' , concerning beer brewing . 
  unless i change it ... 
  that myth does n't exist . 
  over the last 70 years , all doings of nazi-germany have been seen detestably in germany , including the ones from the wehrmacht . 
  you , as a dutchman , should know this . 
  it is only now that there is enough distance to the topic , so that a more differentiated view can be established - if done carefully , rightfully so . 
  i do n't like to give details and i do n't want to relativize . 
  the wehrmacht was anything but clean and i do n't know anyone who says this . 
  but to say that this `` scum ( ... ) deserved it '' , is too much . 
  i know somebody who was a supply driver in the war , actually a teacher . 
  he spent five years in tiflis as a prisoner of war . 
  ( and by the way would n't have survived , if a russian soldier would n't have shared his food , which was also insufficient for him . ), 
  do you think he would have deserved to die ? 
  that is one exmaple out of many who were in the wehrmacht and commited a lot of atrocities . 
  again : not clean . 
  but your comment is just too extreme . 
  what has the movie to do with your point ? 
  are you saying that today 's germans , the producers of the movie , state-run television , are nazis that defend the actions of the nazi-german army ? 
  i hear that for the first time . 
  can you give a little bit more detail , pls ? 
  he is getting the downvotes , including mine , because he says that they deseved to be killed in camps . 
  the fact that he gets downvoted , actually , is much more a proof of the moral education of the participants in this discussion . 
  in this question , it does n't matter what they have done or why they did it . 
  you do not kill a prisoner , at least not in this part of the world and not at this time . 
  i do not blame the russians at all . 
  but i blame people who say this in 2014 and i am sad that they have a forum to speak out in public . 
  fucking incredible . 
  no question , there is nothing better in this world than the recent french electro . 
  [ breakbot - the beach ] ( http://youtu.be/zs6vjqrg5fo ) [ yuksek - truth ] ( http://youtu.be/ltbeh7narwu ) [ sebastian - emboddy ] ( http://youtu.be/awtizeiiae8 ) [ crayon - give you up ( blende rmx ) ] ( http://youtu.be/u8o8sklsjwo ) [ pyramid - astral ] ( https://soundcloud.com/kitsune-maison/pyramid-astral ) [ kavinsky - nightcall ] ( http://youtu.be/tefkz-7x7xu ) i can even leave out justice and it 's still convincing  edit : format . 
  you are right . 
  thanks . 
  but still , you ca n't leave something like this uncommented . 
  i think that cpmmenting is the best weapon against russian propaganda . 
  sorry , i looked but did n't find one . 
  guess google translate is the only unfortunate option . 
  the living standard in france is a hundred times higher than in russia . 
  if you really live in a place more run down than in the video , you should reevaluate your life . 
  there was an excellent article in der spiegel yesterday . 
  [ `` operation desinformation . 
  '' ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/nemzow-mord-die-propaganda-der-russischen-hardliner-a-1021097.html ) best of : * on saturday morning , hundreds of new twitter accounts were created , all tweeting : `` nemzow was killed by ukrainians . 
  he poached somebody else 's girlfriend . '', 
  kremlin investigates the following possibilities : * western secret service or the opposition killed nemzow , in order to destabilize the russian gobernment . 
  * islamists killed nemzow , because he defended charlie hebdo . 
  * ukrainian extremists killed him , but they do n't know why . 
  ( my favorite . ), 
  * nemzov was part of `` dark businesses '' and got killed due to `` commercial reasons '' . 
  what part of the article do you mean exactly ? 
  i partly know the un-charta , there it says that countries may only secede if the people is significantly oppressed . 
  thanks a lot for your answer . 
  i do indeed have many questions / comments / ignorance   if all current borders were wiped and we were to decide where we draw our administrative borders , would n't this indeed be the only valid criteria ? 
  so * you * do n't feel spanish , i guess that is fine . 
  but this can not be a reason for a whole region to separate . 
  furthermore , there are a lot more reasons to draw borders like they are now . 
  despite your opinion , you and the rest of spain have * a lot * in common . 
  in infrastructure , economics and business , history but also in culture . 
  if the borders were to be drawn again , by your criteria , europe would be a conglomerate of hundreds of states . 
  and thus , as you can imagine , much harder to control / govern . 
   scale this to your own country to get an idea of the magnitude : i 'd be like having 30 to 60 million americans in washington . 
  the district of columbia ( metropolitan area ) has 8 million inhabitants . 
  but i get your point . 
   the canary islands had had it banned for years and noone cared , but when we did it , they went all crazy about it and are now planning to make it a `` national protected art '' for the only purpose of forcing bullfighting back in catalonia . 
  that sounds harsh . 
  do you have more information about that ? 
   when we then passed it after years of draftings and work , the current ruling party brought it to the constitutional court ( 12 people appointed directly by the two main parties ) and had it reduced to pieces . 
  what exactly were the reasons ? 
  there might be really good reasons for some parts of the estatut to be denied . 
  but i do n't have any details . 
   economy wise , it 's just a constant feeling that we are being administered by a government for which we are a very , very low priority and therefore we just ca n't play the real economy game on a world scale which we should be doing given our actual economy level . 
  i guess every country has this regions . 
  here : upper bavaria . 
  but even if you would be independent , you still want to be in the eu , no ? 
  you would also have to pay for the poorer regions there . 
  personally , i think it is good , if a government wants to reduce the differences in gdp . 
  plus , as i have been told , madrid pays even more . 
   a very simple and obvious example is this map , it shows the highways on barcelona and madrid over the last 20 years . 
  even funnier is that while most of the madrid ones are free , most of the ones in barcelona are full of tolls !, 
  did barcelona * need * more highways ? 
  two more notes : 1 . 
  your flag is the estelada .
