  if you call your fellow campaigners `` troops '' , you might want to reevaluate your life choices . 
   if i insulted a whole nation , why did 2 spaniards on twitter thank me ? 
  i do n't know . 
  when hitler invaded the netherlands , why did the dutch nazi party thank him ? 
  i 'm not calling you a nazi here . 
  marta , by the way , has the catalonian independence flag as her banner . 
  she opposes bull fighting for ideological reasons that are different from yours . 
  just saying . 
  slavery : the rebellion began philosophically . 
  if it had started like you are motivating your `` troops '' , things might have gone differently . 
  hell , people like you would have been beaten up and put in jail during the time of slavery . 
  once your movement has reached the size of a grassroots movement , we can talk again . 
  but looks like the last 50 years did n't go so well for you . 
   it is a sick practice and as long as it exists , it is a sick society . 
  again , like every other society else , with your logic . 
  by state , i meant of course a person from a state . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  and i said this because it does n't make you reach your goal . 
  it is contraproductive . 
  here is a nice read for you . 
  http://reducing-suffering.org/my-personal-reactions-to-confrontational-animal-activism/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/how_to_win_friends_and_influence_people  i do n't single spain out . 
  if you put your comment under an article that is about spain and state that this is what comes to your mind when `` thinking about spain '' , it strongly looks like you are singling out spain . 
  but again , i 'm looking forward to the next weeks . 
  and i do n't care if you do that on a forum or on the street or as the head of a state or a homeless guy . 
  wow . 
  what an eloquent and insult free comment !, 
  one might suppose you did n't write it by yourself or had help . 
  * on why spaniards go to bull fighting . 
  you are right . 
  both my assumption and yours are allegations . 
  neither you nor i know why people go to bull fighting , or let 's say : can * prove * why they do . 
  both of our statements are not controllable . 
  and this has nothing to do with culture , but with an individual reason . 
  * on culture . 
  i gave you , however , a good reason why to follow my point . 
  the intention of bull fighting . 
  and i also gave you a rational , a logical one : if you love animal abuse , go get a cat or a bunny or something cheap and cook it alive !, 
  it 's cheaper and i guess more satisfying for animal abusers . 
  and yes , said intention * contains * a cultural aspect , but it is also very individual . 
  i actually never mentioned culture or something familiar until you came up with it . 
  i guess this is a standard argument when talking about animal rights . 
  is culture a justification to abuse animals ? 
  no , not necessarily . 
  but our cultural herritage is responsible for the fact that we eat animals , for example , and which animals we do n't eat , cats and dogs . 
  ok , so culture was brought up . 
  you condemn spanish society for the fact that they allow bull fighting . 
  i already told you that factory farming , a thing that is socially widely tolerated and caused by culture , is far worse than bull fighting . 
  both in intensity and in quantity . 
  and this exists in almost every country in the world . 
  so , is culture an excuse here ? 
  or habits ? 
  seems so . 
  * on hipocrisy . 
  and this is where your hypocrisy comes into play . 
  you complain about a specific people , not realising that you must actually hate every country in this world , if you would be consequent . 
  so here is what i expect from you : next week , when the uk is the topic , i want you to post something about fox hunting . 
  when germany comes , i want you to post something about factory farming . 
  when the netherlands come , i want you to post the videos i gave you . 
  when hungary comes , i want something about force-fed geese and so on and so forth . 
  * on insults . 
  but you do n't stop there . 
  you insult a whole society , a whole country with its people and its nationality . 
  you do that several times and you insult me . 
  you write this agitation in a thread of an article that has * nothing * to with your allegations and whine about it when people downvote you . 
  manipulate votes . 
  this is a disgrace . 
  this is the type of person i will oppose forever . 
  * on spanish culture . 
  the way that you have chosen could not be any worse . 
  because people do n't follow insults and input from other states and rethink their position . 
  no , because of their anger towards these practices , people might defend it in a stronger way . 
  when a custom is so deeply rooted in a culture , like bull fighting is in spain , you will not change these things from one day to another . 
  in england , it took 30 years to fully stop bull fighting . 
  thoughts and arguments must first sink deeply in one 's mind , before being applied on a higher , social level . 
  and this takes time . 
  you will not take away the beer from the germans , the guns from americans or the coca cola from mexicans by insulting them , and not by rushing them . 
  the only time this has * ever * worked was the denazification in germany . 
  and that was a fully occupied and destroyed country . 
  and the effort was * huge * . 
  plus : bull fighting is already forbidden in many spanish regions . 
  it is in a huge decline and financial crisis since younger folks do n't want to see it anymore . 
  the change is already happening . 
  but that does n't stop you from discrimination . 
  and no , machismo is definitally * not * present in today 's spain . 
  it is sexist , yes , just like everything else that was before 1950 . 
  but when you go to spain , it is in no way visible or experiancable . 
  i really wonder what leads you to that assumption . 
  got left by a spanish girl ? 
  it is the 2010 final , no ? 
  * other aspects and answers . 
   is this not you now impressing your opinion on me ? 
  if you have n't noticed by now , we basically have the same oppinion . 
  what i impress on you is to stop insulting and discriminating people when not the slightest reasen was given . 
   alternatively , the cambridge online dictionary defines blood sport as `` any sport that involves animals being killed or hurt to make the people watching or taking part feel excitement '' . 
  oh good that you took that definition and not the other one that was given by your source . 
   i have put forward quite some moral dilemma 's . 
  which ones exactly ? 
  i have answered the culture-question , was there another dilemma ? 
   as for your points story , that is projection . 
  if you do n't understand i am about bigger things , then you are mistaken .
