* 50 % of the polish european parliament members . 
  this graphic does not represent any polls or the general public . 
  i wish the world was so black and white , but it 's not that simple . 
  in case you did n't know : hitler was voted into power . 
  literal fascist won in democratic election . 
  supporting democracy no matter what is a sure way into a tyrany of majority , which is exactly what happened in germany in 1933 . 
  that 's not to say the situation in uk is in any way similar , but your claim is just not true . 
  the brexit campaign was ridden with lies , false promises and slanders . 
  both sides had that , although one was much more prominent at it . 
  the results were also very close , so much that going by the opinion polls it could be different if the vote was a few weeks earlier/later . 
  the british people can do whatever the fuck they want with that vote , but not even all of uk supports it and they certainly do not have my support in this situation . 
  you do realize that there are things in between `` supporting the decision of british people '' and `` denying them their democratic right '' , right ? 
  crooket, 
  `` democratic debate '' does not simulate economy . 
  uncertainty tends to be rather damaging to it than helpful . 
  abortion was not discussed during the election . 
  they got the votes mostly on promise of giving out money and on people being fed up with previous ruling party . 
  i do n't know about article 5 but i 'm pretty sure you can simply ask for military assistance in dealing with armed and violent separatists . 
  there would n't have been that many refugees if the us did n't fuck up the middle east . 
  just saying . 
  and one of them is currently ruling over here . 
  sigh ... 
   i challenge you to tell me an unpopular measure from your country which was n't sold by your governments as `` eu or imf asked us to do it '' * cough * the constitutional court situation ... 
  but i 'm on your side here . 
  i do n't recall anything like that here where the government would blame eu for their shortcomings but from what i 've read here it seems like for example uk has been doing this for years . 
  they got my vote in the past election as they seemed to be one of the very few with a moral spine . 
   church was a gay refuge for centuries . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  that sounds intriguing . 
  our government has a need to flex it 's muscles and show poland stronk for political points . 
  judicial intervention in a different country with huge media exposure is a great way to do just that . 
  is losing club member benefits after leaving the club a punishment ? 
  also i find it adorable how you people act like uk has nothing to lose in such scenario . 
  keep living your dream and hope that the wake up wo n't be too rough . 
  fun fact : the roman empire collapsed, 
  http://i.imgur.com/xyhopmb.jpg there 's quite a bit of similar pics on r/awwschwitz, 
   nato has an absolutely terrible reputation world-wide may i ask why ? 
  as far as i know military interventions are usually under the banner of un and even if it 's nato they need approval from un security council . 
  i understand that nato is generally hated in russia ( duh ) and affiliated states but why elsewhere ? 
  oh no , the red scare is coming !, 
  and great britain is an island . 
  sod off , i 'm tired of that crap . 
  protests are part of a democracy and nobody says that it 's supposed to overturn the vote . 
  these people will be voicing their concerns and trying to censor then on the basis of any vote would be going against the idea of democracy . 
  username checks out . 
  why did this get down voted ? 
  so for nearly everyone . 
  thank you . 
  looking at the down vote count in surprised people got so salty over an obviously sarcastic comment . 
  and if the uk does n't do well without the eu people will blame the eu and euroscepticism might rise anyway . 
  eu is the perfect scapegoat . 
  germany is far from being `` supplied '' by solar energy , it made up 6 % of their energy production in 2015 . https://www.cleanenergywire.org/sites/default/files/styles/lightbox_image/public/images/factsheet/power-mix-factsheet-3.png?itok=uijt8kha https://www.cleanenergywire.org/factsheets/germanys-energy-consumption-and-power-mix-charts, 
   it is not a decision for those countries to make . 
  it is also not a decision for nato to point it 's fingers at countries and say `` i want you to join nato today '' like some twisted version of uncle sams army recruitment poster . 
  countries have to actively seek membership in order to be admited . 
  they can be denied , but it 's primarily on them to comply with membership requirements ( like military standardisation etc ) and to apply . 
  saying that `` it is not a decision for those countries to make '' is a ridiculous statement . 
  how do you intimidate someone with a labrador ? 
  i said it somewhere here already but i 'll say it again . 
  germany is providing large part of the deterrent force in the eastern countries of nato . 
  they are holding up their part of protection of other members . 
  germany is actually one of the few countries currently actively taking part in that protection of others thing . 
  they are providing part of the deterrent force in the eastern countries of nato . 
  yup , [ that one ] ( http://i.somethingawful.com/u/garbageday/2013/phriday/poland/noahdraron_01.jpg ) wo n't fly . 
   we spoke with former uk ambassador dr hugh salvesen about the impact of the scottish vote for the uk and europe . 
  this implies that you want to show us the interview . 
  and that you do n't expect people to answer the question as it 's answered in the interview . 
  there is no link to any interview here . 
  i feel like you forgot some link here . 
  ummm nuclear power is doing quite well . 
  it provides what , 5 % of the worlds energy ? 
  well shit , luckily nobody will listen to him . 
  genius plan - . -, 
  fruck off, 
  but why leave nato ? 
  it 's like what , your 4th referendum in the last 200 years ? 
  wow i 'm so impressed . 
  [ now go fix your election system . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/r9rgx91rq5i ), 
   i think that attack of russian `` fans '' ( too well organized and properly targeted ) on british ones was that last thing that helped exiters win those 2 % . 
  i do n't understand this , how is it that russians attacking english fans helped brexit ? 
  would n't people be more likely to vote to stay in such situation ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious as i 've seen this mentioned a few times , but it just sounds unreasonable ( not that brexit campaign cared too much about reason ) . 
  could you explain ? 
   corruption behind closed doors do you have some examples of that in eu commission ? 
  well he 's annoying as fuck but that 's a bit of an overreaction . 
  it 's mr bean a race ? 
  tell me , what 's so undemocratic about him ? 
  he was elected so do n't even start with the `` he 's an appointed tyrant '' crap that 's everywhere . 
  also single sentences taken out of context that mention lying are n't much of an argument either . 
  yes exactly . 
  everyone who does n't agree with my views and does n't follow them is an ignorant and nothing more !, 
  i 'm tired of this bullshit , from both sides . 
   the ashes you 're gon na need germans for that . 
  they have tv commercials here in poland . 
  or at least they had , i did n't see one for quite a while . 
  it showed photos of some stuff built with eu funding and similar things , i think the government was required to make . 
  they were quite nice . 
  ok that explains it . 
  thanks .
