  blame your mp for lack of action here and do n't let them push the blame on eu for their own shortcomings . 
   the eu is currently the only trade area on the planet that is n't experiencing any economic growth . 
  are you talking about gdp or what ? 
  i 'm gon na assume yes , since gdp is often used as a measure of economic growth . 
  if so , then you have utterly no idea what you 're talking about . 
  the eu had overall 1.8 % gdp growth in first quarter of 2016 . 
   meanwhile , the uk is prohibited from trading elsewhere . 
  who told you that ? 
  lack of trade treaty between two specific entities does n't mean prohibition of trade . 
  it just means that trade is more expensive and fails under default wto rules . 
  eu negotiates trade deals for its whole , which makes them better for our end because eu has bigger leverage than any single country could have . 
  and eu has a lot of trade deals in place with countries outside of eu . 
  eu and us are loosing in percentage share of world gdp because the rest of the world is growing , not because eu is shrinking . 
  you 're free to trade with the growing world , as is every other eu country . 
   the funny thing is that the common market actually exists as a separate entity . 
  yes , you 're talking about eea . 
  and it does have membership fees and also they have to accept large part of eu legislations , although each eea member has notable exceptions here . 
  it 's also worth noting that being in eea requires free movement of people . 
   thanks to the eu 's ever expansionist policy ( which single handedly caused the russian annex of ukraine ) ukraine is not the same as crimea . 
  and how is eu expansion so directly connected to russian aggression ? 
  just the fact you said ukraine and not crimea shows that you have barely any idea about that conflict . 
   it 's discrimination on race and gender that they 're fleeing where did you read that any eu country has such discrimination ? 
  especially engraved on working conditions and payment , caus having lived in one of those `` poor '' countries all my life i can tell you there is no such problem here . 
   the eu even discriminates by nationality on who can live and work in the uk . 
  this has already been mentioned by people from uk who employ non-eu personnel and has been showed to be untrue . 
  highly skilled workers from outside the eu can work in eu . 
   and thanks to the schengen zone , you can drive from the west coast of europe , with a car stuffed with explosives and kalashnikovs , through dozens of member states to the eastern end of europe without ever being stopped , searched or producing a passport . 
  countries can reintroduce control on shengem border if they think there is such need . 
  7 countries have done so , bringing back partial or full control of borders . 
   it 's no surprise that a group of people can commit an atrocity like the paris attack and turn up in a completely different country ( ironically living next door to the european commission ) . 
  what is surprising is the general consensus of `` how did this happen ? '' what is truly surprising is that people seem to not notice that paris attackers were mostly of french and dutch nationality , born and raised in europe . 
   the entire european commission is unelected . 
  there 's no way to remove them , no way to veto one of their directives , and no way to elect them in the first place . 
  it 's very similar to a mafia . 
  and donald tusk , the president of the council , is paid twice as much as president obama . 
  the majority of europe do n't know who he is . 
  would you know who it was without googling ? 
  we anyway covered this but i just want to answer your question : yes , i would know . 
  because he used to be the prime minister of poland . 
  there is no one political figure that majority of europe knows , maybe save for merkel . 
  possibly cameron , but that is questionable . 
  these people have other jobs and ca n't sit on 40 positions at a time , which you give impression that you would want given how you talk all the time that you do n't recognize names . 
  i would mention more but i do n't have the knowledge nor the patience , but let me tell you this : you 're awfully generalizing and sometimes straight out lying , knowlingly or not . 
  from your finishing apostrophes it seems that you have a tendency to blame eu for everything that 's wrong , even if they have nothing to do with it ( eg previously mentioned lack of welfare reform ) . 
  of course eu is n't perfect and good its cons , but blaming them for everything is at the very least dishonest . 
  sometimes you need to stop , take a breath and do some research of your own . 
  thanks . 
  and they do n't want to pay into the eu and have to accept large part of eu legislations without having a say in them . 
  it 's kinda far from what norway has . 
  honestly here in poland i think we need eu to sometimes slap our government , the situation around constitutional tribunal situation is ridiculous . 
  that said it 's only sometimes a problem in eastern countries , uk does n't have that as far as i know . 
  why does it have frankfurt in the name of it 's so far from frankfurt ? 
  a car brand . 
  it 's big with a lot of open space and also with quite a few smaller rooms . 
  due to big open space it will make a great tourist attraction one day . 
  nice , i did n't know about that . 
  everything that marks itself as `` the truth about ... '' is sensational bullshit and i see it 's very similar here . 
  elections happened . 
  for 8 years polish government was mostly po , center-left party . 
  about a year ago pis came to power , taking over 50 % of sejm because people were tired of pos bullshit and lying and they promised some nice things . 
  and now we have pis bullshit and lying and essentially buying publics votes for next elctions with publics money and at the cost of wrecking polish budget . 
  well duh , every internet troll has those . 
  `` hitlers grandchildren '' is such a bullshit defense here . 
  just because nazi germany had a genocide does n't mean you did n't . 
  as a pole , this is sickening to me . 
  britain will remain a member of nato no matter what happens with brexit . 
  sounds more like usa style of dealing with things . 
  it 's kinda true , but that was during the `` nobility democracy '' ( i 'm not sure how to translate this to english ) period . 
  which lasted from around half of 15th century and was ( as far as i know ) working pretty well but that started to change when liberum veto became a thing during the first half of 1700s . 
  liberum veto was a rule that any one person could `` force an immediate end to the current session and nullify any legislation that had already been passed at the session '' ( quote from wiki ) . 
  during 17th and 18th century 73 sejm sittings ( which gathered only every 2 years ) did nothing due to that . 
  the history of liberum veto is complicated but suffice to say it was abolished by the constitution of 3rd of may in 1791 , which in turn lost power during the second partition of poland in 1793 and just 2 years later poland vanished from maps after third partition and came back only after world war 1 . 
  after second world world poland came under communist government controlled by ussr which was overthrown in favour of democracy in 1989 . 
  during most of these times ( especially the nobility democracy ) poland and its people prouded themselves as being acceptable towards others , for example during religious conflicts we had one of the few true religious freedoms in europe at the time . 
  well that came out largely off topic , but hey it never hurts to know a bit of history of other nations . 
  as a pole , it 's true that people here are n't very open to that subject , sadly some even get violent against lgbt . 
  but i 'm pretty confident that these proportions will change when the new generation take over , folks are less locked on the subject . 
  but hey , this is about legality of `` homosexual acts '' so i guess the government here just never bothered with outlawing gay sex . 
  that 's about europe , not asia . 
  but then you want the eu to set immigration policy for member states . 
  that 's only going to get them more hate for `` meddling '' in member state business . 
  i knew it was gon na be paw\u0142owicz . 
  she 's famous for spewing bullshit , just ignore . 
  it 's not obvious for at least two reasons . 
  the map compares overall numbers throughout a five year period while your source has a different approach . 
  they 're also comparing different things . 
  fastest expanding something is n't the same as highest number of something . 
  also the map specifically says that its for that period . 
  if you look at a map of european countries in 16th century than its different from what 's now but it 's not outdated in that their look in 16th century did n't change when it changed in 20th . 
  so kind of yes but also no . 
  yeah i agree , but maybe that should be mentioned before uk gets a white , red and blue brexit . 
  right now uks government attitude is scotland gets no vote until everything with brexit is clear , meanwhile all of uk voted on lies and half truths and all the government has to say about that is `` brexit means brexit '' . 
  just seems a * bit * hypocritical . 
   it is not appropriate to have a referendum while people do not know what the future relationship between the uk and the eu is . 
  this map specifically says that its based on data for 2010-2015 . 
  your article is from 2016 . 
  the population of the republic of ireland is almost eight times smaller than that of poland . 
  more importantly , roi actually has a bit stronger per capita economy than uk . 
  how did poland become the biggest immigrant group ? 
  well in contrast to the comparison above poland has a rather tiny economy ( both per capita and in total ) in comparison to uk , meaning that a uk wage can go a lot further for a polish person than an irish one .
