  wait what ? 
  i 'm confused , are you talking about the guy who wrote the three laws of robotics ? 
  that sounds kinda fucked up . 
  [ yup ] ( http://i3.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article8281821.ece/alternates//s458b/pay--anti-islamaphobia-rally-newcastle.jpg ) mind you those are two groups shooting at each other . 
  one probably shouts to the other about nazis and in return gets called isis supporters . 
  but he was n't elected in the first place !, 
  dat flair ... 
  some of the chinese people might disagree with , like for example around 100k falun gong practitioners who are persecuted ( as in put to jail , work camps and quite likely in hundreds of cases get their organs harvested for transplant ) because there were too many of them . 
  [ here is some more info if you 'd like to spare half an hour to find out more . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ayh0oyv5xwo ), 
  this should be at r/noshitsherlock, 
   turkey !, 
  a country that is illegally occupying a eu member state what ? 
  also , the russians are n't making it easy to like them . 
  they constantly make threats towards eastern europe , for example . 
  and yeah , attacking ukraine does n't help either , as well as supressing domestical freedom of the press . 
  if i were ukrainian i would rather be a small independent country than be ruled by putin , under whom opposition has usually high amounts of poisonings , beatings and generally noy fun things . 
  islamic terrorism is a scary thing to the public but is n't really that huge of a deal to bring together states that have very different values and have been opposing each other centuries . 
  terrorists ca n't bring down nations , and unlike in a war getting a bigger army behind you is n't gon na change things dramatocally . 
  when you say it like this ... yeah i agree . 
  ignoring the will of the majority of the voters is an infringement on democracy . 
  they can be stripped of their voting power . 
  `` they 're ignoring the will of majority of their people '' there you go , lack of democracy . 
  sure it 's not very clean but can be pulled off . 
  because nationalism . 
  also ask snowden . 
  yeah except some parts of the norway and switzerland deal with eu are also main arguments of brexit . 
  like free movement of people , paying into eu and having to accept at least some if not most of the eu regulations . 
  leave campaign wants to go back to the times when uk was a global empire and that 's just not gon na happen . 
  what 's with the flair ? 
  ikr goddamn edgy teenagers / s, 
  well to be honest in hitlers case it was quite literally suicidal , it just took him like 6 years to realize that . 
   the staff charging for pictures in the cathedral area was a bit shit though they do that ? 
  yeah , indeed shit . 
  i do n't remember anything like that from my visit there but it was quite a few years ago and i was like maybe 14 . 
  i 'd like to think that it would n't happen in poland but maybe you got scammed by the workers ? 
  sadly some shitty people are very eager to exploit foreign visitors : /, 
  what to visit : [ wieliczka salt mine ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/wieliczka_salt_mine ) . 
  it 's an old salt mine in which was decorated by carving statues out of rock salt . 
  very unique place and a nice walk . 
  what not to visit : [ palace of culture and science ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/palace_of_culture_and_science ) . 
  this is often mentioned as something foreigners need to see , but honestly it 's just a building . 
  it 's not even so unique . 
  it is the most recognizable building in warsaw but i think it 's overrated as far as attractions for foreigners go . 
  something about your software is expired , click download to update now . 
  and yeah , could n't get rid of it . 
  now somehow it does n't open and lets me just read the news . 
  yes , and a chemical bath . 
  it seems to have killed the cancer but i 'm not sure if the phone survived . 
  your link tried to give my phone cancer . 
  there is a difference between saying that you find something more offensive than funny and slaughtering people . 
  the latter is never justified , no matter how badly they offended you . 
  and i 'm pretty sure the french wo n't start killing english fans for some chants . 
   polish invaders that 's on [ november 4th . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/unity_day_ ( russia ), 
  putin owning to his ` mistake ' ? 
  not gon na taken . 
  you 're welcome , feel free to stay around here for a while . 
  wait , did he seriously say that ? 
  that 's indeed ridiculous . 
   such people do exist though . 
  i guess it 's true , dumb people are everywhere . 
  i get the humour , and i would even appreciate it if not for one thing . 
  that short screen at the end makes it less about humour than it should be , in my opinion . 
  misrepresenting the side you do n't like , huh ? 
   you have no way to elect any of the presidents , or any of the commission , no way to veto one of their directives/law ( since the uk 's vote is less than 10 % of the total vote and has failed to block a single piece of eu law in 72 attempts to do so ) , and zero way to remove these officials other than , well , violence -- as seen in greece for what wo n't be the last time . 
  you are being governed by people you can not even name . 
  and often , to be invited to the european commission to govern for 500 million people , you often have to have lost a democratic election in your own country to get the privilege . 
  losing is the new winning . 
  the european commission president is proposed by the european council and elected by the european parliament . 
  the council then appoints the other 27 members of the commission in agreement with the nominated president , and the 28 members as a single body are then subject to a vote of approval by the european parliament . 
  current term of the commission runs until 31st october 2019 , it started in 2014 . 
  and yes , it 's members can be withdrawn fromr position in quite a few cases :  the european parliament can dissolve the commission as a whole following a vote of no-confidence but only the president can request the resignation of an individual commissioner . 
  however , individual commissioners , by request of the council or commission , can be compelled to retire on account of a breach of obligation ( s ) and if so ruled by the european court of justice ( art . 
  245 and 247 , treaty on the functioning of the european union ) . 
  taken straight from wiki . 
  you do n't have to dig very deep to find it . 
  european parliament is chosen in direct elections by people of eu . 
  the vote is held every 5 years since 1979 . 
  and surprise , surprise , there are no vetoes in democracy . 
  vetoes go directly against democracy , it 's the minority forcing itself on majority . 
  in `` you 're being governed by people you ca n't name '' , are you referring to the european parliament or the european commission ? 
  the first has 751 members , the latter 28 . 
  name me 28 members of your national parliament , hell name me at least one who represents your region . 
  you most likely ca n't . 
  and where did you even get that part about having to lose elections in your country to be invited to the european commission ? 
   this is n't the innocent outdated trade block common market that it seemed to be to the general public either . 
  it 's a struggle to find an area of uk law or legislation that is n't tinged by eu directives at one point or another . 
  this includes the hassle of opening a bank account , regulations of car seats for children , the bin collection regulation , the list of petty stuff goes on . 
  it 's not whether the legislation is sensible or not which is being discussed , it 's what part of a common market was this to be ? 
  yes , it is part of common market . 
  different product regulations are a hindrance on trade , common market policy is looking to minimize such obstacles . 
   a uk government can not end austerity because of the eu , it can not reform tax/vat because of the eu , it can not reform immigration because of the eu . 
  domestic policy , economic policy , foreign policy , welfare reforms -- the issues that a potential pm will pander on at you about wanting to change ? 
  it can not be reformed . 
   the eu does not have a direct rolein raising taxes or setting tax rates . 
  the amount of tax you pay is decided by your government , not the eu . 
  more [ here ] ( http://europa.eu/pol/tax/index_en.htm ) . 
  you give eu credit for much more than it deserves . 
  currently in poland we 're undergoing welfare reform , nobody is mentioning anything about eu .
