  but that of course would n't matter at all of not for our eu membership and so we have to take a look at how we joined . 
  poland joined the eu in 2004 together with nine other countries ( cyprus , czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , slovakia and slovenia ) . 
  it 's worth noting here that the biggest of those countries has a population four times smaller than poland . 
  when a new country joins previous members have an option to suspend freedom of movement for citizens of that country for seven years . 
  only three countries did n't make use of that : ireland , sweden and united kingdom . 
  there were also internal polish matters which contributed to it , like for example we had a baby boom about two decades when poland was under martial law which caused an over supply of workers , which pushed them out in a situation where the easiest place to get a job simply administratively was uk . 
  also fun fact , republic of ireland is the third biggest foreign nationality in uk , second is india . 
  what we think what should be and why is n't exactly a good way to judge or measure reality . 
  i hope that this will leave you with some impression of how complicated these issues are , since i imagine we barely touched on the matter . 
  and next time you 'll be talking with someone about us job stealers you can maybe mention a few reasons why so many of us are there . 
  as a bit of closing words : if republic of ireland were to match our number in the uk they would lose about 15 % of their population . 
  just the amount of people you have also matters . 
   when the people do n't like it they can vote for brexit and end it like they did . 
  what are you even referring to ? 
  are you referring to uk building an economy on immigration and people not liking it ? 
  leaving eu will probably barely change that , if anything than just the sources of immigrants will change . 
  as ms. may calls it , `` closer ties with the commonwealth '' or something like that . 
   now because of the eu millions of polish kids into the future wont get the chance to go to the uk and eek out a living . 
  ahhh , the wonderfully inevitable attempt at a sting on nationality flair . 
  well frankly millions of polish people got that chance because of the eu , and if anybody or anything is to be blamed for that going away it 's not the eu , but rather the politicians who repeatedly used it as a convenient punching bag whenever they failed their people . 
  regardless of how much eu even had to do with it , as i 've exemplified in my previous response to you . 
  you know , i would n't even be surprised if he were to actually say that at some point . 
  edit cause i accidentally a word . 
  it 's hard for finland to not be a reliable defender of sweden when russia has no other option than to go through finland if it wants to attack sweden . 
  for at least the last twelve years non-eu immigrants were the majority of immigrants coming to uk . 
  you wan na take a guess at who has full control over that ? 
  yup , it 's that uk which had `` no control of immigration '' , lol . 
  another surprise , while everyone is bitching about foreigners leeching off public help programs the eu already has a framework to take care of that and limit their access . 
  uk government built an economy based on immigration and when people did n't like it they found a convenient scapegoat . 
  great , that war was started on a false premise and if there was a referendum than maybe it would n't happen . 
  what ? 
  most stuff is n't decided in country wide referendums ( referenda ? 
  the us election is really better described as a whole lot of small elections rather than a single big one . 
  each state has its own rules for how the voting in their region is to be conducted ( i 'm not sure but i think that even smaller regions can set up their own rules in certain aspects ) . 
  thus you can have a situation where in one region you do n't need an id to vote while in another region you need both a passport and an id . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
   the london wurocrats, 
  the difference is that not destroying indian reservations does n't force california to leave usa . 
  respecting values of minorities does n't mean stomping over values of your majority . 
  it was more equal than it is now . 
  i could agree with that statement back when po was in power . 
  but now under pis tvp is just ridiculous and went much lower than tvn , have you seen their coverage of tusks reelection ? 
  `` win for the germans '' , `` poland unmasks the failing eu democracy '' ( after they lost a democratic vote 27 to 1 lol ), 
  so i guess `` the other side '' should start saying hoplofilia ? 
  britain is not a superior of europe . 
  and yet again you found a way to answer but not address the disregard for the constitution by our current government . 
  i can bet that you 'll do the same here or not answer at all . 
  it seems like that 's the law in france . 
  it 's bullshit , but it 's still law . 
  eu pr guys should borrow that . 
   afsluitdijk that looks like someone slammed their face on a keyboard . 
   as americans started drinking water with lead did they ever stop ? 
  implying there are privacy rights for us citizens . 
  now you 're thinking of russia . 
  nafta is bigger but it 's also a lot less integrated . 
  i think he should have said biggest single market instead of biggest free trade area , there 's a huge difference . 
  does the constitution define how they vote ? 
  because if yes than it 's long overdue for an overhaul . 
  pretty much exactly 1000 years ago . 
  just around 50 years after the polish kingdom was first formed . 
  perhaps you 're right , i just tried it with a different ip and it worked . 
  but why would they block poland from their site ? 
  unless it 's just my ip blocked caus of some botnet malware , in which case ... \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  something is wrong with either the link you 've given or the site you linked . 
  http://imgur.com/kpodwtn or my ip got banned from it , but i think it would tell me that . 
  `` a group '' . 
  whole seven people . 
  i guess they 're technically correct , but honestly it just looks like a few friends fucking around . 
  other methods of putting pressure could also work . 
  which is an acceptable outcome if they do not cooperate . 
  once they start accepting their people back it 'd be brought back . 
  cut the aid . 
  why should it be an empty threat ? 
  threatening to cut aid if they do n't take their people back . 
   russian flair suddenly i feel uncomfortable ... 
  it 's ( supposed , we 'll see whether it 's real ) 4 months until the article 50 process begins . 
  then for the next 2 years ( at least , it can be prolonged ) they 'll still be members of the eu as they negotiate the terms of leaving . 
  so he has at least 2 years and 4 months . 
  what 's the difference between mass shootings and terrorism ? 
  yeah , except they do n't care about demographics , they care about their support percentage . 
  in vitro programs got a lot more population growth than 500 + ever will for a cost that 's barely noticeable on comparison . 
  and guess what , they already cut that program from state funding . 
  i 'm pretty sure that even russia recognizes ukraine as a state . 
  the countries hit hardest due to sanctions are eastern ones , because they 're closer to russia and thus have more trade with them . 
  coincidentally eastern countries are among the strongest backers of sanctions . 
  * i wonder if their proximity to russia has any effect on that ... *, 
   so which is it , were uaf attacked or were they on a `` special mission to reach some destination '' ? 
  those two do n't really conflict with each other . 
  are you going to get fixated on the wording now ? 
  really ? 
  i 've already answered to this and i 'm not gon na repeat myself . 
  lol i 'm not gon na miss you , bye . 
  oh i do n't doubt that he said that . 
  but he 's talking bullshit all the time and a president saying something does n't make it true . 
  it 's like claiming that all mexicans are criminals and quoting trump as your source . 
  it 's a shitty source . 
  if you wanne take everything literally then yeah . 
  but if you 'd put just a little bit of effort into understanding what was said then no , as  no one was talking about `` punishing '' uk for brexit was about people not wanting to punish them , not literally not talking about it . 
  do you claim otherwise ? 
  someone being a president of a country does not make them a reputable source .
