not really , they do n't speak albanian because their most recent albanian ancestors lived 100 + years ago . 
  they 're not recent immigrants , most of them probably emigrated before the republic was founded . 
  kind of like how italian americans speak english rather than italian . 
  also , recently , government gave the option to families to choose their native language as a second foreign language to be taught to their children , provided that at least three families opts for that option . 
  however , i do n't think many families chooses albanian to be taught to their children . 
  the reason is simple , albanians are n't concentrated in one area , which means there are often not many albanians in one classrom . 
  also , even if some of them want to learn albanian , it wo n't be helpful to them since they will rarely see any albanian speaker in their hometown . 
  it is sad , i really dislike people who just do n't bother to learn their ethnic language , but it 's not entirely the state 's fault . 
  turkey should have done much more to preserve local languages , but many ethnic minorities did n't push for it either . 
  the saddest case is the circassians . 
  many languages from that area face imminent extinction , and the younger generations do n't bother learning them . 
  about the schools part , i could n't disagree more . 
  turkey passed the `` tevhidi tedrisat kanunu '' , which could be translated as `` unity in education law '' , early on in 1924 . 
  before that , there were religious schools , secular schools , schools of non muslims , schools funded by western countries . 
  this made the whole education system a mess , every school system having a different curriculum and an agenda . 
  schools of non muslims left a bitter memory in the minds of turks , when they celebrated the occupation of anatolia before our war of liberation , and the religious schools too , when they tried to suppress the liberation war in favor of the sultan . 
  atat\u00fcrk closed the religious schools and brought every school under one secular education system . 
  this law is still present today , which means nobody is getting a school for his own . 
  this is n't the problem though , as i said , the problem is not providing them with proper education of their native languages , and the younger generation 's simply lack of interest . 
  fun fact : more albanians ( people with albanian ancestry ) live in turkey than in albania . 
  most of them do n't speak albanian though , which is sad . 
  this is the best explanation , sadly for my country . 
  they were on vacation just like the russian soldiers in donbass . 
  i would 've almost believe this if you had n't included finland . 
  finland is not a real country , everybody knows this . 
  try harder op . 
   / r/thenetherlands , not / r/nederland ? 
  r/turkey and r/italy is the same . 
  i think that 's the rule when it comes to national subreddits to get more subs from foreigners and since also most national subs are bilingual anyway . 
   syrian war is entirely on the u.s. and golf countries , because syrian uprising would n't stand a chance without tow 's , money and foreign fighter support . 
  add turkey to that and it becomes 100 % true . 
  dude , morocco was ruled by marinids . 
  it was called the marinid empire/dynasty because of the dynasty . 
  current moroccan state is a direct successor to both marinids and alouites . 
  fyi , turkey paid all of the money ottomans owed to the europeans , because you ca n't just say ottomans were a multicultural dynasty , not a nation state . 
  states do n't just disappear or appear out of thin air . 
  regardless , as i said , gb keeping gibraltar and spain keeping ceuta are the same thing . 
  if you want gibraltar to be returned , you should also want ceuta to be returned . 
  there was a campaign to send letters to ukrainian prisoners of kremlin . 
  i sent one using google translate since they do n't let non russian letters in . 
  if op can direct us , it 's the least we can do . 
  thank you for your kind words , i really appreciate it . 
  i used to do business in ukraine . 
  i had to leave after riots in odessa . 
  such a beautiful country , beautiful people . 
  it breaks my heart to see them this way . 
  op , do n't you think that it would be better for ukraine to let go of donetsk and luhansk , maybe just to get crimea back ? 
  i do n't know if such a thing is possible but as i know from my country , it never ends well trying to keep an unsatisfied minority in the country , especially if they 're gone too far into terrorism . 
  that is a silly argument . 
  that 's like saying turkey never existed before 1923 , because there was ottomans before . 
  spain should cede back it 's territories off the coast of morocco and gb should give back gibraltar . 
  and none of this has much to do with `` having it first '' , but more to do with countries national security . 
  i mean that if it does n't pass , there is nothing erdo can do . 
  it 's not an election that he can repeat . 
  & nbsp ; but i think with 100 % certainty it 's going to pass . 
  i know it 's a long wall of text , and there is a tl , dr at the end , but bare with me for a moment if you wish to know what 's going on truly . 
  the reason is this : akp would never be able to pass this constitutional change from parliament because a change needs 367 out of 550 mps to make directly , 330 mps to bring it to a referendum . 
  akp has 317 , none of the other parties were supporting this change . 
  & nbsp ; however , after the last election , there were calls for resign from the opposition inside mhp to mhp leader , bah\u00e7eli ( because he butchered the election ) . 
  he did not resign , and the opposition figures ( 4 mps ) started collecting signatures from primary members for an election . 
  more than half was needed , and it was signed by more than half . 
  i know this process because mhp is my party . 
  there was a notary present , he confirmed the signatories . 
  an election should 've taken , but instead , bah\u00e7eli sued the opposition figures , court ruled in favor of opposition , but later , mysteriously , the ruling was overturned by judiciary . 
  akp figures started giving support to bah\u00e7eli . 
  i see this as akp 's intervention in the legal system in support of bah\u00e7eli . 
  it 's pretty obvious . 
  & nbsp ; suddenly after a few months of this , bah\u00e7eli and akp announced that they would bring presidential system to parliament . 
  akp+mhp votes are enough to bring it to a referendum . 
  note that bah\u00e7eli was ** against this system the most ** . 
  he regularly accused akp of collaborating with pkk to bring the presidential system . 
  there is no reason for this sudden u turn , apart from the fact that bah\u00e7eli sold his soul to akp to be able to retain power in mhp . 
  & nbsp ; this was also the moment i realised that turkey has effectively become a dictatorship . 
  because if the ruling government is controlling the single most important opposition party ( it 's a long story why ) through illegal means , then there is no democracy since contesting the ruling party 's power through free and fair elections is not possible . 
  & nbsp ; this is why referendum will pass . 
  akp has about 40 % hardcore erdo fans + about 10 % soft akp voters . 
  mhp has about 15 % voters . 
  mhp 's demographics and culture do not really allow it 's voters to vote agains their party with , say , % 90 percent . 
  mhp voters are going to be split , akp will be getting it 's usual guaranteed 45-50 % , and the referendum will pass . 
  besides , i do not believe that erdogan would bring this issue to a referendum without being confident in the victory . 
  & nbsp ; tl , dr ; erdo effectively bought the loyalty of bah\u00e7eli , leader of mhp , through illegal means . 
  mhp voters are going to be split between no and yes camp , akp will get it 's now-traditional 40-50 % base , and it 's gon na pass . 
  none , but i believe it will pass with ease . 
   interestingly of the turks i know ( admittedly not a huge number ) , all the ones living in turkey are strongly anti-erdogan , while those living abroad support him . 
  this is because most of the turks who live in eu went there in the 60 's thanks to the agreements between germany , belgium , netherlands etc and turkey . 
  these western european countries needed unskilled labor , and turkey sent it 's problematic rural population there . 
  these people were probably the least educated segment of the turkish society of 60 's , which says a lot since turkish society itself was n't educated as much . 
  the turks you know living in turkey are probably speakers of english or some other foreign language . 
  which means they have some kind of education , probably a graduation from university . 
  akp ( erdogan 's party ) is the least popular party among university graduates . 
  only about 9 percent of their voters are graduated from university , compared to chp 's 22 and mhp 's 17 . 
  sevda was imported from turkish into greek and other balkan languages . 
  it originally comes from arabic `` swd '' root . 
  which means melancholy and black bile . 
  which is funny , because melancholy comes from greek melas + khole , which literally means black bile . 
  it seems that black bile was associated with melancholy/romance in these cultures . 
  portuguese also have a word and a music genre centered around it , `` soudade '' . 
  i think it means longing for someone which is close to sevda 's meaning . 
  i do not know , however , if the two are related somehow . 
  of course not .
