the unemployment rate is not meaningless . 
  only if you 're using it to estimate how well a country is doing against another country ... and even then , it still is n't meaningless . 
  romania has never had a 70 % participation rate and it probably never will have . 
  its social systems have grown to reflect that over time . 
  just like sweden 's have done the complete opposite . 
  the participation rate indirectly effects gdp per capita and household wealth so by taking unemployment + wealth you can get a very good picture of how well an economy is doing . 
  we all know romania is a poor country so high unemployment there is n't necessarily a reflection of whether or not the economy is growing but if you take romania 's 15 year average rate and compare it to its current rate then you 'll be able to extract a lot of meaning . 
  same goes for sweden or anywhere else . 
  what you mean to say is that unemployment rates without context are meaningless , which is partially true but when you 're looking for a general barometer of how an economy is doing , unemployment is normally a good place to start . 
  i know that 's a common joke but there has actually been a lot of employment growth in ireland - the irish economy is growing very fast right now . 
  the cso and the department of finance actually measure employment and job creation to prove whether or not emigration actually plays a significant role . 
  what you find is that although the crisis caused an uptick in emigration , ireland has always had a high rate of human migration . 
  so you can look at 2007 , say , when unemployment was 4.5 % and ireland was the fastest growing economy in europe and you 'll see that around 50,000 people emigrated . 
  despite the recession , if you look at april to april 2013-2014 emigration was running at about 78-79 ,000 . 
  this is definitely higher but also keep in mind that immigration was also running at about 55,000 during that period . 
  factor in the high birth rate and you 'll see that the population has actually grown during the recession . 
  now obviously babies do n't need jobs and college students do so it has definitely had an effect on employment rates but the extent is very exaggerated . 
  all economies crave stability more than anything else and that 's what ireland 's got after the crisis so that 's definitely the major reason why the unemployment rate has dropped 5.1 % in only 3 years . 
   this applies to all countries , not just greece . 
  with the abolition of trade tariffs and other trade barriers , businesses in european countries could n't compete with larger firms in the major industrial eu countries ( france , germany , the uk etc ) . 
  no that 's not the point . 
  that 's a much smaller issue . 
  the financial system is bigger than any of that . 
  it 's simply a question of whether or not greece will be able to avail of low interest rates and currency devaluation while remaining in the eurozone . 
  will it ? 
  that 's a danger for all periphery countries but it 's a particularly high risk one for greece in particular and a major reason why there was talk of a separate currency union for the south at the height of the financial crisis . 
  your trade tariffs argument is offset by the benefits of eurozone membership . 
  there is no argument that can offset the interest rate and currency valuation problem . 
  it took 7 years for greece to get the currency devaluation it needed in 2008 and that had an incredibly negative effect on its economy . 
  what 's going to happen as europe recovers and greece does n't ? 
  it will be lumbered with an expensive euro again with no way to devalue it . 
  trade tariffs are so minuscule on the scale of problems when you factor in issues like this . 
   this may have solved the overlaying problem in that greece could n't have borrowed at such low rates , but the fact that greece could n't compete with larger economies such as germany and france would still remain . 
  this will always be the major problem confronting the eurozone and the eu in general . 
  not every eu member state can run a trade surplus with the current stature of free trade in the eu . 
  the alternative is the formation of a political union with monetary transfers which would be very unpopular among the general public . 
  that 's the same argument as your first one . 
  i get that you do n't like europe 's free trade agreements but they are not responsible for the current greek crisis so your point belongs in a different , wider conversation . 
   the problem is more to do with the overall structure of the eu , the greek debt sustainability crisis is just a byproduct of structural failures . 
  sure , that 's a good point . 
  the eurozone was too optimistic and safety measures were not put in place at the beginning of the project . 
  but the real point is that greece 's state ( i.e central government ) is and has always been weak and that puts it at odds with the most of the eurozone . 
  now a lot of you buy into rolling debt forgiveness and other notions and i can understand where those ideas come from but we 're faced with a singular issue here and there needs to be a fair solution . 
  unless we all think the greece can suddenly and successfully exclude itself from the international financial community , it is going to have to face up to these problems in a real way . 
  self sustainability will not be successful in greece and it will take it down a very dark path . 
  the problem is n't european patience , it 's greek patience . 
  the people there are so miserable that they 're not willing to ride it out anymore and as a result the political rhetoric is getting ramped up to 11 which is dangerous for greek society and the international financial system as a whole . 
  it 's very difficult to explain to someone who can barely afford rent that things will be better in the long run if you just hold out for 5 more years . 
  the risk of an exit will probably grow exponentially as the rest of the continent recovers . 
  that means less risk of contagion and less of a chance merkel and the finance group will give a shit . 
  if they leave we should seriously consider putting together a proper aid package for them because the first two years on the new drachma will be fucking horrible for the poor . 
  at some point we have to take at least some collective responsibility for the european financial system . 
  not saying we 're all responsible for greece but they are our fellow europeans and they do need help , regardless of the governments they 're voting for . 
  you 're gon na get down voted to hell for that because it comes across very harsh but you 're not wrong - at least for the eurozone . 
  greece should never have been admitted into the currency in the first place . 
  the risk of it being off kilter economically with the rest of the eurozone was too high from the beginning . 
  and without a federal debt system it was always ging to have to be responsible for its own debts even if the rest of the eurozone was doing well and pushing up interest rates . 
  it should have been admitted to the eu and given time to address some of its internal problems first . 
  that would have kept european credit out of the country during the 00 's boom and it would have been sheltered from the collapse . 
  i volunteered at a homeless dinner in dublin on christmas day 2008 and i talked to homeless greek guy for the best part of two hours . 
  he was living in ireland on the roof of a city centre shopping mall after fleeing military service in greece . 
  he told me that greece is n't like the rest of europe . 
  he said that although we see it as western because it was basically the cradle of our civilisation , that it 's not culturally or politically in tune with the rest of the continent . 
  how right he turned out to be ... 
  when i was 13 in 2004 my country , ireland , held the presidency of the eu . 
  that was the year the 10 eastern european countries joined the union . 
  there was an accession ceremony in dublin at the president 's house and at the state guesthouse at farmleigh ( around the corner from where i live ) . 
  i remember it was a gorgeous day and there was so much security that we had to get a pass to get into our house . 
  anyway , i watched the ceremony on tv and i just remember the sunshine , the fact that the economy was so good and everyone seemed happy and rich and all of these different leaders standing together in my country with all of these differents flags while the anthem of europe played . 
  it made me feel like europe was something that brought people together . 
  i thought of all of the people from those countries and how they could live here freely now . 
  everything just seemed bright and inclusive and going in the right direction and i felt very proud of what everyone had achieved . 
  i 'm looking forward to that faith getting restored . 
  hand on heart : i have never encountered a race of people who drink like the dutch . 
  all hours of the day . 
  all days of the week . 
  the place is a fucking mad house on the weekends . 
  i feel like a complete lightweight around here . 
  i 'm a bit of a teetotaller so i think i must be a very disappointing paddy for them to work with . 
  balloons and a bottle of cadet is more my speed . 
  i actually think they did . 
  i tried to explain to them once that we have orange in our flag because of one of their kings and i think they took the wrong meaning from it and now they 're afraid to offend me or something . 
  i do n't wan na get defensive but blood pudding is really good . 
  we call it black pudding . 
  put it on some white bread with butter , forget that there 's blood in it and enjoy !, 
  greece can definitely pay in the short to medium term . 
  that 's never been in question . 
  whether or not they will successfully pay all of their debt in the long term has been in question and that 's why the long finger is the best solution ( i.e demonstrate good faith now and use that good faith to negotiate a better deal in the future . 
  ya know , what the irish and the portuguese did ... and what the british did in the 1970s ... ? 
  their economies are n't exactly in tatters right now , are they ? 
  they 're rapidly improving ) . 
  do you understand what a bailout is ? 
  greece 's bailouts were created to be manageable . 
  manageable because the real market locked them out by being unmanageable . 
  this is a question of politics . 
  debt gets cheaper the more you show you 're willing to pay . 
  so the more greece makes a big deal about being forced to repay debts it took on , the more the market will raise the cost of its new debts . 
  the bailouts ( that other countries ' taxpayers credit ) protect the greek economy from that . 
  its estimated that between 30 and 40 % of greece 's economy is a shadow economy . 
  that means that 30-40 % of the economy is n't being taxed .
