what do asian sweatshops have to do with any of this ? 
  unless you mean to imply caring about animal suffering and human suffering is somehow mutually exclusive . 
  you could also force a minimum post count . 
  that probably takes more effort than 90 % of these trolls are willing to put in . 
  the us could be donating the least per capita and still donate the most in total due to its sheer size , so a statistic like that does n't tell you anything about which countries are pulling their weight . 
  well , you can justify the us half-assing anything then , because they 'll always be the biggest contributor due to their sheer size . 
  but as far as each country pulling their weight goes things look a lot less positive for the us . 
  then it 's a pretty meaningless statistic . 
  or actually take in some refugees too . 
  but it 's not comparable because in this case there is zero reason to do it other than for ` fun ' . 
  so can you explain how this hunt in particular contributed to wildlife conservation ? 
  you think these private operations contribute even a single cent to conservation ? 
  killing for fun is pretty sadistic if you ask me . 
  if they 're killing for food , which they obviously are n't , then lining up a bunch of terrified animals to take pot shots at them is still a reprehensible way of going about it . 
  from what i 've seen on tv that stuff is actually dangerous work , you 'd probably want someone who can at least communicate well . 
  there is simply no demand for unskilled workers in an advanced economy . 
  sure , but if you read about germany calling on other countries to take in their refugees one day and the next day you read about these refugees costing germany billions , it 's not hard to see why there 's friction . 
  is n't germany calling for other countries to share the burden ? 
  if they want to take in a million refugees then that 's their prerogative , but do n't first take in all these refugees and then ask other countries to take them off your hands . 
  seemd like it 'd be more effective to jail their employers , illegals are n't going to be deterred by this . 
  does n't seem that farfetched over a lifetime if they never find a job . 
  if you like lhc pictures then check out [ this series ] ( http://www.boston.com/bigpicture/2008/08/the_large_hadron_collider.html ) , even though it 's 7 years old . 
  we do know that the eu already dropped new pesticide laws due to ttip , so the argument that people should n't speak out because we do n't know what 's in the agreement does n't hold much water - it 's already affecting us in a very real way . 
  next saturday might break the record for warmest day ever in the netherlands , with temperatures up to 41 \u00b0 c. 
  this sub should have a rule that you ca n't make up your own sensationalist headlines . 
   i 'm not , i 'm just saying it 's irrelevant . 
  geographically , they are in europe . 
  not that i personally consider that criteria too relevant either way . 
  i agree , it 's unimportant . 
   like i said , late period ottoman empire was heavily involved in european politics , and often an ally of european powers . 
  they had complex diplomatic relations and are no more defined by their `` attempt at conquering europe '' than france or germany are . 
  you can argue similar things for russia , which has had many european allies and has been involved in a bunch of european wars . 
  i do n't think this argument is convincing as far as eu membership goes . 
   indeed , religion is pretty much the only real contested point . 
  but also the biggest hurdle . 
  with things the way they are , the public is not going to accept a country of 77 million muslims becoming a schengen member state and gaining large political influence due to its size . 
  even if those fears are unfounded , turkey joining would do more harm to european integration than good . 
   they are and have always been a european country geographically . 
  a tiny part of it , yes . 
  the bulk of it is in asia , i do n't know why you 're disputing this . 
   they have consistently been a major political player on the european scene for the entirety of their history . 
  they have participated in a good number of european wars , had european allies and were treated as a european power ( as ottoman empire ) . 
  i fail to see how the ottoman 's failed attempts at conquering europe helps their eu membership bid today . 
  with that logic you could argue mongolia has a claim to eu candidacy . 
  furthermore , no history textbook treats the ottoman empire as a european power . 
   culturally they have about as much in common with the netherlands as greece and bulgaria had before they became members . 
  besides , there is no such thing as a common european culture , and even if there was , western europe would certainly not have a monopoly over it . 
  european countries are to varying degrees built on three foundations , those being greek philosophy , christian theology and roman law . 
  you could argue that , at best , turkey ticks the last one of these boxes . 
  so yes , greece and bulgaria have a lot more in common than the netherlands and turkey . 
  because turkey is politically , geographically and culturally not a european country . 
  [ 75 % of greek pensioners enjoy early retirement ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2014/12/04/75-of-greek-pensioners-enjoy-early-retirement/ ) edit : it 's hard to face facts apparently . 
  it 's easy to blame the greed of wealthy greeks now that the chickens have come home to roost , but with 75 % of greeks retiring early while dodging taxes the entire country was having a party at the expense of europe . 
  they created their own mess . 
  nice hyperbole . 
  the point is that europe 's inevitable population decline does n't have to be the disaster it 's often made out to be . 
  on one hand you have the doomsaying that automation is going to take all our jobs and on the other hand you have the scaremongering that europe is going to experience a population crisis . 
  you 'd think these things would actually complement each other . 
  so let 's make sure they do n't starve to death over there instead of importing their problems over here . 
  and let 's be honest , it 's not romania that has to deal with these issues , so it 's quite easy to sit there and lecture others . 
  i do n't think eu companies being more inclined to lobby ( are they ? ), 
  speaks in favor of ttip . 
  on both sides of the atlantic we need less involvement in politics by multinationals , not more , so this would be an equally bad deal for the american public, 
  it 's not just about current standards being eroded , even though that is a serious concern . 
  it 's about future regulation becoming much more difficult to push through . 
  do you think the eu ban on battery cages would have been possible under ttip ? 
  it already took more than ten years to enact , throw in the enormous us agribusiness lobby and it would have been all but impossible . 
  we already had to drop pesticide laws due to us lobbying and ttip is not even in place yet . 
  that is just not true . 
  egg producers from outside the eu do not have to comply to european welfare legislation . 
  the reason we are currently not being flooded with cheap eggs is due to import tariffs - once those disappear due to ttip then the floodgates will open . 
  [ this exact issue was discussed in the uk parliament ] ( http://www.farminguk.com/news/mp-raises-egg-industry-concerns-on-trans-_33042.html ) just three months ago and the answer is not nearly as cut-and-dry as you make it out be . 
  in particular :  euwep said that , according to a new report , the eu egg market could be flooded with imported eggs and egg products produced to lower food safety and animal welfare standards . 
  the report , which was commissioned by euwep and produced by the agricultural economics research institute ( lei ) in the netherlands - an independent research institute that is part of wageningen university and research centre -- said that , whilst eu consumers had welcomed improved welfare legislation , egg producers outside the eu did not have to comply . 
  they could still produce and export eggs and egg products produced from battery cages to the eu . 
  it said problems would be exacerbated by any lowering or removal of import tariffs . 
  the faq does n't answer any of the tricky questions . 
  take for instance battery cage eggs , which are illegal in europe due to welfare concerns , but not in the us . 
  are we going to allow the us to flood european supermarkets with cheap eggs that european farmers can not compete against ? 
  there are countless examples like these that we are n't getting any answers to . 
  i guess nothing came of the plan to destroy their boats in libya ? 
  perhaps some people are confused due to the way the question is worded . 
  i would be interested in the results of a poll asking : `` does the sun revolve around the earth , or does the earth revolve around the sun ? '', 
  while i agree we should help , it 's not feasible or sustainable when they are arriving by the tens of thousands every week . 
  taking them all in is not an option . 
  the news station that has the documents did an article on them , which i linked . 
  that 's how i know . 
  but i 'm sure they 're obviously biased , so like i said , you 'll just have to wait for tomorrow . 
  i said they were leaked , not released . 
  since anything anti-ttip is obviously heavily biased according to you , you 'll just have to wait for tomorrow . 
  i do n't need to wait , it 's already obvious what ttip will lead to . 
  the documents were already [ leaked ] ( http://www.rtlz.nl/algemeen/politiek/ttip-leaks-5-hete-hangijzers ) . 
  now , as for my question ? 
  the documents clearly show that the us is trying hard to tear down eu regulations on food and the environment . 
  considering eu politicians have already shown themselves to be more [ than willing to cave in ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/may/22/eu-dropped-pesticide-laws-due-to-us-pressure-over-ttip-documents-reveal ) to these demands , i do n't think the people against this treaty need to justify their position . 
  perhaps instead you should explain how it can be guaranteed that eu regulations wo n't be weakened ? 
  thank you , it seems the point of this article is flying over everyone 's heads . 
  this is not about gmo 's , this is about the eu caving in to us lobbyists , which we all knew would happen . 
  subsidies exist because europe being dependant on other countries for its food supply is a very bad idea . 
  i think you kind of missed the point here .
