  i 'm not going to debate whether or not these wars were warranted , but you have to admit the us has gotten alot of support coming it 's way . 
  by the way , the chemical weapons deal with assad is to putins credit . 
   u.s. president barack obama has made clear his distaste for committing u.s. forces to foreign military adventures , and a recent pew poll confirms that the u.s. public feels the same . 
  that 's rich . 
  he is clearly a pro-slavery racist pedophile then . 
  let the presses roll !, 
  [ you just ordered a 1000 liters of milk . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
  did rape become legal or something ? 
  itt : how to hustle for eu citizenship, 
  i was sure the one of them would go `` enjoy smoking ! '', 
  or `` it 's good for you '' . 
  you see what i have to deal with here , europe ? 
  you see ? 
  do n't you think it puts the french at a disadvantage when it comes to international relations , both in in private and business ? 
  what do you have to say for yourself , france ? 
  ref : [ petter solberg ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scfyviuj6gu ), 
  well , you guys kinda conquered most of the world , so you earned it . 
  you uncultured shlobs . 
  never heard of a fire mountain before . 
  got lotsa mountains around here , but without fire . 
  ca n't they just put it out ? 
  i believe people should have the right to own guns , but self defense should n't be a reason to obtain a lisence . 
  violent crimes with guns are n't very common in the eu , and arming up will only escalate situations . 
  norway , for example , is filled with guns . 
  but you have to be either a hunter or a competition shooter to get one . 
  pistols are seperate from rifles and shotguns , in the sense that you need to be a member in a pistol club for six months before you can purchase your own gun . 
  it 's worked out pretty well so far , except for that bump in the road a few years back . 
  very slowly , some places . 
  i see poseidon still commands the sea with an iron fist . 
  knugen ~ !, 
  oh , i had it wrong . 
  it 's not from the state of romania , but from romanian citizens . 
  interesting times ahead . 
  one of our leading housebuilding companies predict we 'll have a 10-15 % price drop in the coming year because they intend to build cheaper to avoid having to fire employees . 
  i have no source on this . 
  heard it on the radio today . 
  i think you forgot to mention that you live in estonia ( your flair says eu ) . 
  but you 're right . 
  gypsies are a seasonal thing here in norway . 
  it gets too cold for them in the winter . 
  funny enough , when some gypsies beg , they say it 's for money so they can get back home . 
  they 've got cars , for fucks sake . 
  also , the state of romania has an oustanding debt of 1228090.00 euro to norway in form of fines and cost for deporting criminals . 
  - norwegian proverb . 
  it 's true , but i do n't think it 'll be long before they remove the advantages of electric cars . 
  just a few more on the road , and they too will drown in taxes . 
  hydroelectric powerplants , mostly . 
  [ f\u00e5rik\u00e5l ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/f%c3%a5rik%c3%a5l ) . 
  it 's the season . 
  : dddddddddddddddddddd, 
   is that what you want to hear ? 
   but that 's fucking wrong !, 
  what makes you say that ? 
  that would imply there being a racist system in place . 
  you are outright telling me he was right . 
  is this how you argue ? 
  cause i can just lump you with the first guy unless you 're planning on coming with something more substantial to say . 
  yes . 
  all you filthy roman can go and fuck yourself . 
  is that what you want to hear ? 
  but that 's fucking wrong !, 
  i 'm not a racist . 
  and i 'll explain to you my views and opinions relating to both the situation of the romani people in europe and black people in the us , if you want . 
  but i 'm having doubts about getting into the ring with a social justice warrior such as yourself . 
  currently or previously ? 
  you are projecting heavily . 
  you are taking everything out of context . 
  come here and see for yourself . 
  let me guess ; someone stole your sweetroll ? 
  not to mention it goes through swedens filter from here on out . 
  so there 's that . 
  but at least the yankees wo n't get their grubby hands on my spam mail . 
   the data is stored in our very own data center in switzerland and can not be accessed by spy programs such as prism , so there will be no spying . 
  i love you , switzerland . 
  why do n't they just build higher walls ? 
  what nation in it 's right name calls themselves `` worms '' ? 
  i like my strawberries like my carpendry ; polish !, 
  cheap labour !, 
  good , though i doubt we 'll see the day when he 'll stand before a judge . 
  we 've never been good with flags . 
  when the some chinese diplomats came to visit , her strung up the soviet flag instead of the chinese . 
  we do n't talk much these days . 
  let him come , pls . 
  i know this is real because it was n't in / r/science . 
  i 'd say we 're not proud enough !, 
  there 's still room for a viking national day , with longboat sailing , pillaging competitions , and mead !, 
  edit : you 're of rapist descent , too . 
  ** embrace it !, 
  as far as i can tell , they 're * really * stupid . 
  you should seem them have at it with the lightbulb . 
  unemployed ? 
  burn a car !, 
  better yet , ** stab a policeman ** !, 
  i wonder what the other possible answers were in the poll . 
  [ average norwegian salary is 363.800 kroner . 
  ] ( http://www.dn.no/privatokonomi/article2584803.ece ), 
  damn right , son . 
  * `` i 'll call you . 
  are you also gullible ?
