even your regional disputes sound delicious . 
  had me for a second . 
  you 're asking problematic questions , you shitlord !, 
  ca n't you at least put up a trigger warning ?!, 
  adressing ethnic origin is ignorant and naive now ? 
  if i self-identify as 9,289 km of railway , can i be trans-siberian ? 
  i recognize the flag , alright . 
  i do n't see what you hope to gain by baiting for persecution though . 
   haters gon na hate well , shit . 
  prepare the trials . 
  it 's hard to tell against the white background . 
  we 've not yet been told which group is believe to be behind the threat . 
  it 's worthy to note that around 50 norwegian citizens have gone to syria to fight alongside the rebels . 
  many believe these guys will get indoctrinated and turn on the country that once took them inn . 
  it really goes to show how sweden has failed in integrate it 's vast number of immigrants . 
  i see you made a logical conclusion that left negative connotations to immigration . 
  let the downvotes rain . 
  literally hitler ammirite guis ? 
  you make a valid point , but the comment still was a far fetched shoe-horning . 
  how is it horrible ? 
  are you american ? 
  you make the best brownies . 
  h-how ? 
  are you a neet ? 
  that 's because we hate french people , but are too polite to shit on your shoes . 
  i believe you . 
   yes, 
  well , they are still some damn fine roads . 
  good luck with that !, 
  * sips oil *, 
  why are gypsies so tacky ? 
  was there a majority of american citizens in iraq in 2003 ? 
  have the russian federation claimed that ukraine is hiding wmd 's in crimea ? 
  did the russian forces open the attack with a barrage of cruise missiles ? 
  if all the answers to the above questions is no , then you ca n't compare the two instanced . 
  yes . 
  russia did nothing wrong . 
  all this fear mongering is just making me more critical towards western media . 
  get your gas from us . 
  100 % no putin or your money back . 
  that 's more of a sweden thing . 
  i know it 's stupid , but i did n't know it was illegal . 
  i want to visit estonia . 
  you seem pretty cool . 
  i notice this has been a trend for a while , and in that regard , i 'll further encourage you to circlejerk about how great we are . 
  [ yes ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/006/096/argentinaiswhite.jpg ), 
  there are plenty of civillian owned weapons in ukraine . 
  hah , good luck with that . 
  * sips oil *, 
  too bad the whole country will self-destruct come monday . 
  incorrect storage should be punished because of the dangers theft of these weapons pose , however , if he just had a few guns lying around for maintenace or something outside the safe , i think a fine would be more appropriate . 
  if the weapons were just thrown around like [ in this scene of hot fuzz ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cun-lzvotdw ) he should have it taken away . 
  but i think he should have a chance to get it back , if he can store them safely . 
  it must 've cost him a fortune . 
  if he does n't get it back , i hope these relics find their way to a new collector , or a museum . 
  seriously , some people really fail to recognize the historical significans and beautiful craftsmanship put into old weapons . 
  the grenades are most likely replicas or deactivated ( i.e a useless piece of metall that is n't restricted by law ) , but sure makes for a more sensational story without any substance . 
  just because a cop has n't seen a big collection of firearms does n't mean it 's illegal . 
  for fucks sake , this is making my blood boil . 
  why would they even do this ? 
  it 's harassment . 
  if it 's on a collectors lisence , the number of weapons should n't be a limit . 
  do some research before you go on an anti-gun tirade . 
  for all you know , he might 've stored all the guns safely . 
  there 's as collector in norway who has gotten his entire house approved as a safe storage unit for firearms due to heavy doors , and alarms on all entrances . 
  what the fuck ?!, 
  how can they just steal his weapons without immediatly giving a solid legal reason ? 
  `` oh no , i 'm afraid of explosions ! '', 
  what utter bullshit !, 
  if you 're with the police , you should have better knowledge of firearms and ammunition . 
  this collection is problaby unmatched in the world and too great to put a price on , and now they 're just taking this mans life work because of fear mongering asshats !, 
  over the last year a shit-ton of gypsies was busted for pick-pocketing and thievery . 
  some had robbed old defenseless people violently . 
  crime statistics in oslo saw a significant rise ( 100 % ~ ) thanks to these nomads . 
  so yes , i they should be kicked the fuck out before they build one of those shitty little villages . 
  but do i hate them ? 
  not really . 
  i just have low expectations of them . 
  the kid gets so confused by the sensation of surstr\u00f6mming , he tries to hold over his ears !, 
  [ fixed that for you . 
  nice one . 
  in this age of surveliance , why ca n't we be rid of this problem ? 
  every ex-girlfriend ever . 
  that 's not what quentin tarantino taught me . 
  * revenge is a dish best served cold . 
  this thread is about native western europeans perpective . 
  no wonder sweden is up to it 's skirt in shitty integration when your immediate reaction is to victimize immigrants . 
  yes . 
  ca n't wait till they give out loans without interest , in accordance with sharia law . 
  lol , that 's not everyday food . 
  norwegians generally have a very healthy diet . 
  what do you base this assumption on ? 
  what and how do you eat ? 
  that 's the biggest carpet i 've ever seen . 
  i hate these matter-of-facty headlines , as if it 's already carved in stone . 
  not denying it will happen , but it just gives and air of powerlessness to the public . 
  this ca n't be a coincidence , right guys ? 
  right ? 
  torpedoes are cheap in budapest , i hear . 
  i 'm talking about how much support the us has gotten from other nato ( and non-member ) countries in the last decade , in afghanistan and iraq .
