this is also true . 
  it 's unfair that millions of young people leave because they ca n't find jobs and support themselves/their families , but `` migrants '' will be coming here and getting hundreds of euros . 
  it 's like , sorry you did n't get that mansion and 10,000 $ a month lads . 
  the first girl being interviewed is really attractive . 
  nice . 
  ( that 's where term economic `` migrants '' comes into play . ), 
  poland already took some families in , but they all escape for germany . 
  look what being a `` big boy '' is getting germany , riots and shootings in their streets ( e.g. 
  the terrorist that attacked the police officer in berlin and was killed or the riots in small towns you 're seeing on liveleak . ), 
  i still do n't understand why it 's the eu 's responsibility to take in non-eu nationals or pay the consequences . 
  look at all these people that need our help , they must be famished !, 
  hence why i said it should be based on if a country wants them . 
  if western europe does n't want them then they do n't have to take them just like central and eastern europe . 
  by `` competent enough '' i mean not coming out with a plan that forces non-multicultural societies to take in thousands of people that are totally different . 
  when she came out and said that , it scared all central european nations into a corner . 
  there 's other ways to approach this ( e.g. 
  every country takes in the amount they think they should ) . 
  `` we do n't want to take in dozens of thousands of non-eu nationals '' you 've dun fucked the eu now , v4 !, 
  seriously though , the migrants could 've been helped if merkel was competent enough . 
  janusz is going all out today . 
  right , but now when these migrants get through they 'll let their friends and family back home know that they all got through . 
  suddenly the numbers will be doubled or tripled . 
  still not butthurt . 
  it 's just weird that you have a hate for other europeans that are so similar to you , but you want everyone take in culturally different people that would stab you in the back at the first opportunity . 
  if your job is being taken by an immigrant that does n't even speak the language , then you need to reevaluate your life 's choices . 
  laughed harder than i should have lmao . 
  not even butthurt , it 's just borderline autistic to compare blue collar working poles in your country to welfare-leeching migrants . 
  i 'm sure you have a personal reason you hate them , though . 
  did a pole steal your girlfriend ? 
  is your single mom dating a pole ? 
  i bet you 're just another pakistani/indian immigrant . 
  they 'll reach maximum level of political correctness . 
  `` being in the eu means accepting thousands of illegals from the middle east/africa who do n't even want to be in your country in the first place . '', 
  ^ ( none of these immigrants even want to go to these countries : they all want to come to germany and other western-european ) central europeans do n't want migrants , migrants do n't want to be in ce , migrants want to be in western europe , and we wants them . 
  what 's the problem , then ? 
  forgive us that certain countries want to keep a cultural identity and not flood it with completely different people . 
  if you do n't like poles , then close your borders . 
  no one is forcing you to take any people . 
  did n't know about that one . 
  what 's your personal take of who will win , po or pis ? 
  i support helping refugees , but it should be on a voluntary basis . 
  the countries that would want them can take them ; you ca n't force two different cultures together if they do n't want to be together . 
  also , there 's something similar happening in poland . 
  in warsaw at 16:00 , there 'll be an anti-immigration protest . 
  so do you propose to have planes ready in turkey to fly all of them straight to europe no questions asked ? 
  probably wildlings , yeah . 
  is that ... is that a game of thrones reference ? 
  right . 
  however , i do n't know why it falls on the shoulders of europe to take hundreds of thousands/possibly millions ( in the future ) people in when surrounding muslim countries do n't even want to help them . 
  do n't take me wrong , i support the cause of sending aid/money . 
  nice . 
  then why not stay there ? 
  it 's obviously safe . 
  these people are only looking for free handouts . 
  from what i 've been able to gather , the swedish media seems to be almost brainwashing people ( often from childhood as you 're pointing out ) . 
  this is crazy . 
  they see me korwin ' , they hatin ', 
  that 's actually pretty cool , i 've got to admit . 
  central european countries like poland should n't be responsible for the problems of germany & france . 
  germany is accepting all refugees , but then suddenly needs help and dumps them all around the eu ? 
  last time i checked , most of these refugees are from african and asian countries which have no wars . 
  ` you would n't even notice them . ` not until they started rioting and burning down buildings because they want to go west/north to germany or sweden . 
  and most refugee applicant are n't even from syria , most are from peaceful countries in africa or asia . 
  what 's your point there ? 
  so how many refugees is latvia currently housing and feeding ? 
  good for the uk . 
  i think that the eu should be sending money to refugee/aid camps in turkey or its surrounding countries that hold the most refugees . 
  why ? 
  this would show that europe is n't accepting people en masse and would discourage people from making these often dangerous journeys , but at the same time we 'd still be helping them . 
  it 'd be a win-win situation . 
  i think by then you 'll be too occupied with pleasuring ahmed and his \u0642\u0636\u064a\u0628 , my little hans . 
   no big enemies are you forgetting that russia is invading an eastern european country * right now * ? 
  no shit that putin wo n't care , ivan . 
  what 's important is that other poles ( and future generations ) know that you snakes are continuously targeting us . 
  proving that there is no foul play to be found . 
  if so , then they should gove the wreckage . 
  but they wo n't . 
  imma need you to give us the wreckage of the plane that killed our president . 
  if there is nothing to cover up , then explain why russia has n't given us the wreckage of the plane . 
  gib back wilno jk :p, 
  i can agree with this . 
  sadly , after that we never had good leadership ( until wa\u0142\u0119sa ) , but then still we had crappy leaders . 
  even today . 
  poland became independent thanks to him . 
  i 'd take him as our leader over anyone that was his successor up until today . 
  pi\u0142sudski was the best thing in the last 100 years . 
  did n't know that , it 's probably just for protestants . 
  roman catholics do n't have to pay anything , some people just choose too add a little to the donation plate . 
  save money ? 
  last time i checked ( this sunday morning ) , the church does n't take your money . 
  it 's called voluntary * donations * . 
  no , it 's not . 
  some people are still actual believers . 
  in other news : water is wet . 
   we need diversity why ? 
  most countries are homogeneous and they 're fine . 
  the only areas that are experiencing problems are multicultural ones . 
  it is her `` damn duty '' to serve the german people , not everyone outside of europe . 
  how progressive !, 
  8 '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` dutch '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' fighters,
