  most people i know that left are college educated people that have a hard time supporting their families . 
   125 deported while  100,000 entered germany in january, 
  syrians make up less than 50 % of migrants . 
  the rest are mostly third world . 
  liberalism * is * destroying europe . 
  secularization is what got your country into this mess in the first place . 
  not good enough . 
  merkel wants to spot on the street every type of african and middle easterner before getting to her office . 
   poland is too shitty to be flooded with migrants . 
  for your economic migrant third worlders , sure . 
  you can keep them on your welfare . 
  in the meantime , we 're giving hundreds of thousands ( 331,000 last year ) work permits to ukrainians so they can be examples of real immigrants . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i know your dream is to ultimately import africans and arabs by the millions , but we seem to be doing fine bringing in ukrainian immigrants . 
  are you a cool kid at school because you 're an atheist ? 
   the big bad catholic church ironically when your western european countries become muslim majority then homosexuality will be punishable by death . 
  looks like there 's no more democracy in germany . 
  poland must intervene by hosting a discussion about germany in eu parliament . 
  saving me from waist deep water ? 
  pet blessings every year . 
  i love how he 's blessing everything in his path , including the cameras . 
  initiative to get poles to have more kids . 
   500 pln a kid is n't too shabby . 
   democracy just like in america where most people do n't support same sex marriage , but the supreme court still passed it ? 
  it 's ironic that you have anything to say about this . 
  greece did n't sign up to be a dumping ground for africans/asians/middle easterners . 
  eu should have made it a priority to secure greece 's borders because that country is one of the key external borders to our continent . 
  they need the military budget for refugee welfare . 
  as a catholic i think that bishops should not only report these men to the proper authorities , but make an example of them to all clerics that think they can get away with this crap . 
  we 're starting to make strides , i think . 
  men going into seminary within the last 20 years or so go through rigorous psychological exams , which usually weeds out these excuses for human beings . 
  til syria , iraq , and afghanistan border northern europe, 
  indeed . 
  instead they should implement programs to help new parents or people wanting to start families . 
   birth control  abortion  female and gay priests a christian church only in name . 
  those are the ones willing to admit it . 
  when the actual polls come around , we 'll definitely see different numbers . 
  great idea , also . 
  also true !, 
  i read somewhere that by 2050 30 % + of our population will be over 60 , so that 's worrying . 
  at the same time i think after a while this older and younger population will equilibrate , though . 
   parenting licensing no . 
  i think we could solve this problem if the governments helped younger people start families . 
  - getting money for each child monthly - getting money for a home after x amount of children, 
  i doubt that . 
  they 're probably including the millions of people that have emigrated in the last few decades . 
  pro tip : they 're still alive . 
  itt : but muh multicultural society is the safest, 
  so we have to throw away the good of our country for what one government wants for an entire continent ? 
  it 's only been 70 years , a good majority of them are still around . 
  it 's racist to hate a people that massacred your family ? 
  i 'm not implying becoming enemies with the eu . 
  electing a government that acts in our interests is key . 
  what else would you call po ? 
  the head of the party got a nice eu job for playing along and kopacz ( runner up for head of the party ) was doing the same . 
  murzynek bambo is a children 's story about an african child . 
  germany is losing its control in poland and they 're crying . 
  pis has only led the country for a couple of months , so i suggest you give it some more time before running into the streets crying `` muh democracy . '', 
  was it an ideal democracy for you when german puppets were in place edit : all you poles downvoting me are just kids that do n't understand anything and want to look progressive . 
  so poland is n't civilized according to you ? 
  the door is wide open , my friend . 
  there are some of us that are fine with these laws . 
  i do n't understand all the downvotes , i 'm just stating my opinion . 
  sorry it does n't conform to your ultra-liberal agenda . 
  if you 're not ready for the possibility of a child coming along , then do n't have sex . 
  simple . 
  are n't there potatoes that need picking ? 
  run along m8 , do n't want to keep your muslim overlord waiting, 
  \\* tips fedora \\* you must be feeling euphoric today . 
  which they could 've still done even if you were not independent . 
  this is like a case of a rebelling child . 
  the only thing she should be noted for is driving the eu apart / almost destroying it . 
  good thing they 're safe . 
  thus far left-wing parties have been in charge of europe , what good has come out of that ? 
  so the left-wing is good for europe ? 
  letting in even more migrants ? 
  the left-wing is what caused all of this in the first place . 
  i wonder what 's changed so much that people are not having kids ? 
  i mean sure , the financial situation for it has always been there , but particularly why this generation ? 
  turning back a few boats would be a prime example for the others : do n't come . 
  you 'd see how fast this issue would die down . 
  right now they 're seeing an open doors policy where everyone is accepted , everyone that has some sense will come because of it . 
  people always forget to factor in that there might be higher wages , but there is also a higher cost of living . 
  what 's wrong with making a profit for our country ? 
  you 've got sanctions on russia , but france and germany are still doing deals with them . 
  well it 's not the first time the west has thrown us to the side once they were done with us . 
  nah , i do n't mean to not report it . 
  just do n't paint them in a spotlight that makes him out to be a genius or mastermind . 
  these were just guys that decided to go out and fire their guns into the crowd before ( most of them ) blowing themselves up . 
  i 'm not supporting anyone , merely stating that you ca n't just put blame on one side when the other side does the same x5 . 
  exactly . 
  this is the same thing that happens in the us for school shootings . 
  these people are glorified as villians/masterminds and get so much media attention that others are attracted to it by exactly for those reasons . 
  yeah , let 's pull that old trick out . 
  meanwhile , you 've got muslim gangs roaming around raping/kidnapping thousands of children . 
  refugees or not , this was still carried out by muslims . 
  what does the yellow mean ? 
  that 'd be pretty cool , man . 
  it 's racist to not want undocumented migrants ? 
  i think we 're going to see something more like the industrial revolution where there 's mass unemployment and the gap between the classes increases further .
