  this video you mentioned was n't the first time civilians get hurt in a process of bombing . 
  for both sides . 
  if you mean bombing civilians then they get as much attention as videos of separatist doing the same thing . 
  however this indeed belongs to / r/ukrainianconflict . 
  most certainly it means just that . 
  your ideas and views are fundamentally different from those of majority of europeans . 
  and would require radical reforms to implement , which in my opinion are completely surreal . 
  how do you get radical friends ? 
  you are changing history here . 
  there were always some kind of limits on immigration . 
  yesterday i saw commercial on youtube explaining how crimean referendum was good and all that stuff . 
  that was so unexpected . 
  i wo n't be surprised if i see good old vladimir winking at me on my wallpaper , next time . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tte225bgcka ) popped up as an add . 
  europe wo n't become superpower in our lifetime for sure not with that aging small population . 
  in comparison to growing china or india it 's just not possible . 
  i like the idea of old irrelevant peaceful europe . 
  being nice example of globalization . 
  this time they were bought and are without german crew . 
  you are right but people often make mistake in underestimating russia . 
  must be tough living in your poor country oppressed by american imperialism huh ? 
  did they promise to destroy europe ? 
  is that not truth ? 
  and the difference in terms of relations to the eu is that one of them is n't officially in the union but technically is . 
  tell me does this difference really taste better ? 
  perfect scapegoat ? 
  i 'm sorry but there 's nothing in this article about maidan . 
  also this article is quite objective and says that there 's no real proof that right now any foreign forces are involved . 
  everyone can make those `` proves '' on purpose or not , let 's wait with our judgment for now . 
  same thing with russians at this moment . 
  nuland is american politician not european . 
  and yes eu is involved in this conflict no one is denying that i do n't know why would you need an phone call as a proof of that . 
  still nothing about directed coup . 
  never before such choices split this country . 
  anyway there was no choice between russian and eu until putin made it clear he does n't like it until then there was nothing life changing in that deal . 
  trade agreement is n't related to joining the union and ukraine would n't met the terms in near future . 
  yanukovich knew he ca n't say no to russia because things like we can see happens . 
  he was just trying to get a better deal . 
  eu was just playing along condemning violence at the protests . 
  some mp from eastern european countries went to maidan on their own not actual ministers etc. 
  when the violence got really bad eu tried to make a deal wit both sides . 
  they were actually convincing opposition to stop making ultimatums and they agreed . 
  next day some of the yanukovich opposition broke the deal ( svoboda ) and started occupying parliament . 
  so tell me now where 's your proof of directed coup here and how 's split ukraine benefit to eu ? 
  majority of eastern ukraine wo n't vote only if that 's their choice . 
  only luhansk and donetsk are occupied by rebels . 
  that 's not majority of eastern ukraine but indeed large part of population . 
  there 's not much that could be done about it sadly . 
  there are good reasons for that and it 's russia job to create its image . 
   what is different is that nobody stands up to defend russia against it anymore . 
  really nobody ? 
  also why would that be different in the past and for what reason should anyone bother ? 
  justice would be only reason for defending rival but there 's none in this conflict . 
  eu intension was trade agreement with ukraine . 
  i do n't know how can you put it in terms of good or bad . 
  especially if you would n't know what is happening right now . 
  so what we are supposed to do ? 
  i do n't see any down votes here . 
  this post shows only that as politician from video said , world is n't black and white . 
  he did not provide any prove that they are fascist though . 
  also he said `` etc. '', 
  while i ca n't find any other positions in government wilded by svoboda . 
  yes , because no government is perfect . 
  when you get over that fact you can understand why people vote for them . 
  i was just joking and i really meant metallurgy industry . 
  that 's truth but there 's no real reason to just give up . 
  especially on something so easy as conscious voting . 
  it obviously does n't magically solve problems but not voting when you have that opportunity is an insult to people that do n't have a democracy . 
  that will definitely hurt polish metal industry . 
  that 's another mistake that makes people of eastern ukraine having less trust in democratic solution of this conflict . 
  what exactly you are talking about ? 
  europe ca n't become india . 
  there 's obviously not a single european equivalent . 
  as well there 's no such advanced union like eu in our times . 
  we are only trying to find examples of functioning federations . 
  and usa is indeed bad comparison maybe switzerland would be better . 
  then what about india ? 
  europe already show signs of being federation . 
  your imagination may be just too small for something so big . 
  you wo n't get free trade agreement with all eu countries especially not with southern and eastern . 
  also fta is n't single market not even close . 
  yet fertility rate is the lowest . 
  it was rhetorical question . 
  i think it 's all just for laugh like eurovision itself . 
   and were allies what is molotov -- ribbentrop pact ? 
  new troll , account hello !, 
  then china invades to protect their ethnic population . 
  sorry my friend that i was n't too serious for your intellectual standards that this huge mistake discouraged you from proving me that i 'm `` mon analphabet '' , 
  from what i heard usa was supporting financially pro-western opposition in ukraine and now how 's that to what is russia doing in eastern ukraine ? 
  also if you are comparing kosovo to ukraine you should maybe read more about it first and by the way read a little about russia and it 's neighbor relations . 
  yeah put the blame for everything bad on eu that even until recently did n't have single policy regarding ukraine . 
  no worry good russia will save us all . 
  can poland claim anything from russia for things that happened not so long ago ? 
  yes it can but it wo n't get anything . 
  and expecting that some 20 years old should be burdened with what his ancestors did is stupid . 
  that 's not how real world works . 
  even now western powers can be blame for abuses like recent wars in middle east . 
  have you done something personally to prevent it ? 
  were you able to do anything about it ? 
  also same countries contributed a lot of good things to the world , let 's not forget about that .
