how dare we despise their occupation !, 
  they should see rome instead . 
  it 's sad though that those places are getting bad reputation in times of recession . 
  if you would look at the arab world you would see that most of the people there believes that 9/11 terrorist attack was an american or israeli plot . 
  would n't it be in american interests to just fought with isis inside iraq . 
  and let the assad deal with them on their own ? 
  you are right but i think that problem with russia and hungary is that first one has large surplus of raw materials and second can count on help of the first . 
  also they do n't have large enough middle class to matter right now . 
  but when economy will start declining and things will be turning ugly for their autocratic governments . 
  those people will be leading angry masses . 
  once you give freedom it 's hard to take it back . 
  i think they are slowly opening up . 
  recently they were promoting pyongyang with some videos and allowing more amateur journalists . 
  they have high percentage of nationalists and ? 
  they are at war after all . 
  same things happens in russia . 
  the most interesting in this survey is definitely china . 
  i wonder if it 's because they increased cooperation recently or just mainly because they hate west so much . 
  also israel and philippines seems strange . 
  ukrainian membership is just a hypothesis right now . 
  all my concerns can be gone by the time they meet the requirements . 
  you ca n't have schengen without customs union and common regulations and free trade alone would put your companies in disadvantage . 
  you are wrong . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you that you should aspire to join eu since i have mixed feelings about ukraine population becoming ep electorate . 
  this is exactly how it works in norway and switzerland . 
  you have to follow same rules as any other member . 
  we will see if they actually do . 
  in poland as well . 
  beside that , meeting hate with hatred will only deepen their anti-western sentiment . 
  which is putin 's weapon . 
  this is like some leader cult . 
  in short :  lukasenko said that he promised to putin that there will be no transit between belarus and russia . 
   economist aleksiej portanski predicts that russia probably will turn a blind eye when some sanctioned european products will be passing through belarus to russia . 
   belarus already offered to buy some products that got stuck on borders with russia . 
  damn you are seriously crazy . 
  calm down . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  everybody nows there 's no `` proof '' . 
  i do n't even know how you are supposed to get such a thing without people like you claiming it 's fake . 
  however all the facts are pointing in direction of separatists . 
  that 's good enough for most of rational people . 
  i 'm sure that rest of the world does n't want to see a global economical crisis again . 
  including those `` rivals '' like china . 
  ours right just burns rainbows . 
  but we already have ? 
  it would be nice to provide any reasoning behind this statement . 
  some people would be very happy to hear your observations and thoughts on this conflict in / r/ukrainianconflict if you could prove them of course . 
  that description of what is essentially a free market is soooo one sided i do n't even know if i ca n't say it 's subjective . 
  this is how it looks when you play like that : the way i see it , it 's just an entirely unnecessary process that 's done entirely for the interests of some corrupted bureaucrats on some warm presidential seat that does n't have our interests at heart and it ultimately does n't pay off . 
   competition for a post office i do n't know well english terminology . 
  and i assumed that when i say that post offices are subsidized it means that they have national capital . 
  and can run on loss for our convenience . 
  i only said about privatizing services . 
  the deliver services for example could be private companies that would compete for contracts with local post offices . 
  private companies maximize profits and strive for efficiency . 
  public ones have no such insensitive other than pressure from state . 
  and it means as i know from my polish experience that often they are actually more expensive for taxpayers . 
  why does it always has to be about ideology ? 
  maybe they will leave post offices subsidized and just privatize services to allow competition to compete . 
  hard water is actually healthier then filtrated . 
  i 'm kind of removed from this conflict and i was n't paying much attention to the news but what stands in a way of accepting palestinians as an israeli citizens ? 
  sorry i have found it beforehand and edited comment . 
  i think that actually in this video are the older ones . 
  just look at the mirrors . 
  it is . 
  i did n't downevoted the post but `` you ca n't proof it 's fact so it 's obviously not true '' rhetoric is annoying . 
  it maybe separatist . 
  i do n't know what is exact location of this town and if they indeed are crossing the border . 
  however i would n't found it surprising if russia would be sending some columns every now and then . 
  if there are small groups it 's almost impossible in this environment to tell if they are actual russian soldiers . 
  first one is 5350 and second 4310 . 
  although there 's almost no difference and there 's no way you ca n't tell from that blurry video . 
  why not ? 
  of course you ca n't prove they are russian soldiers . 
  although this column gives off different vibe then those videos of rebels with russian or dpr flag . 
  get lost man . 
  i do n't care what you think . 
  no arguments can get trough your head . 
  you do n't even reply to me you just spout some random rant from your putinopedia . 
  and by the rest of the world i meant rest of the world even including china . 
  yes exactly you are right and rest of the world is wrong . 
  what an idiot . 
  you are worst scum i have ever seen . 
  trying portray russia as a victim . 
  there would be no war in eastern ukraine if not for russia . 
  that could be poland right now if we never joined nato and eu because ukraine would n't even dream of joining eu . 
  your country is aggressor . 
  poland never wanted this conflict . 
  you however clearly are happy . 
  that 's generalization i ca n't argue with since they could as well be downvoted because they are wrong . 
   against me as an individual , when i speak only of kiev and the dpr . 
  you wo n't fool anyone . 
   disenfranchised from voicing its will were n't they allowed to participate in free elections ? 
   army instead of negotiations and accommodations dpr as you call it said it themselves that they wo n't negotiate . 
  there was an ultimatum only . 
  and they were the ones that started military actions . 
  you have n't answered my question . 
  this was n't what-about-ism this was analogical situation that could happen as well to other countries bordering russia . 
  why do you even try to communicate with people who `` buy propaganda '' like me ? 
  you do n't even treat my side arguments seriously .
