  you wo n't change my mind with that stance and i wo n't change yours . 
  there 's also fundamental difference in our point of views . 
  you want your country to thrive even on expense of others and i do n't because my country is one of those . 
  that 's why you will believe it 's `` kiev '' attacking `` self defense '' forces without a questions . 
  and i will see it completely differently . 
  tell me something what would you think in this hypothetic situation where a region in your country armed by foreign state would declare that it does n't recognize current government and it would broke out . 
  this region would n't even try to recognize democratic will of the people . 
  they would be under propaganda just like you say we in the west are . 
  there would be indeed people who support broke out . 
  although how much you do n't know . 
  what would you do ? 
  do you support military actions that will no doubt harm civilians or not ? 
  even when it 's proven what does it change ? 
  it was quite obvious from the start . 
  even if it were ukrainians we know who 's this conflict 's fault is . 
  and what those lessons are suppose to give us ? 
  you are angry because your country is demonized . 
  i think it 's justice . 
  justice which america skillfully avoids and you do n't . 
  and if you still support putin you have to put up with it . 
   the rebels have actually been trying to hand over the black boxes for days what ? 
  why do you think people are downevoting you ? 
  i 'm just saying you are a bad person . 
  and hating or believing that some race is superior to other and is just one of many things that makes you a bad person . 
  so excluding yourself from it does n't change anything . 
  what does it matter what dick you are ? 
  just to be clear , i do n't agree with him and his generalizations at all . 
  but god dammit your comments are really making me uncomfortable . 
  you act like a dick with persecution complex offending everyone and like hypocrite calling out people on being racist when your comments history is no better . 
  i wish you would leave this sub . 
  because people like to surround themselves with like minded people . 
  they want to live under laws that suit them . 
  and they feel betrayed when another member of society is n't loyal to it as they are . 
  spot the troll . 
  it 's just like in china . 
  literally hitler, 
  not so laud man . 
  they have ears everywhere . 
  not the best year to celebrate it . 
  i do n't think it 's related to communism . 
  it 's something much older . 
  there are other cultural differences between western and easter europe other than that the second one was under communism . 
  if by recent you mean the ukrainian crisis than yes . 
  however i do n't know when that recording was taken . 
  if it was year ago i do n't really understand how would that be surprising . 
  i think `` worthless '' was just a hyperbole . 
  it was private conversation in some restaurant not official meeting . 
  if you are talking about that leak than you are wrong . 
  he probably said that before ukrainian crisis . 
  and that 's how everyone felt back then . 
  sure you do n't know better because we are all the same right ? 
  not equally . 
  the red tunics are obviously polish . 
  also crowds is shouting `` polska '' which means poland in polish . 
  you are now contradicting yourself . 
  poland was industrialized country . 
  how come we would n't be better off in different system . 
  it would be nice if you actually knew what are you talking about . 
  good example of centrally planned economy and its opposite is well represented by after ww2 south and north korea situation . 
  north actually had an advantage and was doing fine at the beginning until it turned into this horrid country due to many mistakes and bad attempts to cover it up . 
  both capitalism and socialism are n't perfect systems but it 's obvious that second is inferior and eastern europe would be better without it right now . 
  you are still ignoring the fact that separatists refused to talk . 
  anyway what should they offer ? 
  yes and ? 
  i do n't understand . 
   getting fucked what ? 
  who ? 
  majority of the people probably did n't support bandera 's ultimatum fully and neither do they support separatist 's . 
  i already said few times that no offers will satisfy them because they only want `` new russia '' . 
  how 's that a question . 
  for economy it 's not . 
  maintaining any sanctions hurt the country . 
  the problem is that 's not how you stop russia . 
  if that 's so than it 's weird since there was no real talk about intervening in ukraine from nato . 
  and even there 's no agreement in polish government regarding stationing any german troops inside its borders . 
  maybe you did n't heard about georgia than . 
  or russian support for separatists . 
  their bombs kill innocent citizens as well . 
  they were first to resolve this conflict militarily . 
  they already said they are n't talking . 
  i 'm certain that agreeing on anything with people living there wo n't make those rebels disappear . 
  you said yourself that people there do n't want civil war . 
  also how do you even know what the majority wants . 
  current president already made offers such as pardon of those people that joined army but had n't kill anyone . 
  separatists already said that they wo n't talk . 
  they want to separate no compromises . 
   polish people should actually understand why we are so careful about military engagement you are right poland is such a warmonger . 
  we would ride on moscow tomorrow if germans would n't kept us at check . 
  also our government only source of news is fox station . 
  if i was russian i do n't even know how would i be able to live in this constant fear . 
  you stop them using your magic force ? 
  nato will declare war if russia does the same . 
  however it 's very unlikely they do . 
  they use strategy of little steps , little gains . 
  and poland has to deal with it somehow . 
  so it 's obvious that we want any help we can get . 
  do i understand well what you are saying ? 
  your solution to the conflict in ukraine would be putting down arms ? 
  let the separatist do what ever they want ? 
  you do n't have to rely on anyone not until threat is at your borders .
