  we talk so we can form very communicative packs . 
  we have ribs so they protect our vital organs etc. 
  things that nature gave us usually serve some purpose to survive and live , just like simple bacteria . 
  so purpose of reproductive organs is to bear an offspring so that human race can live on . 
  nothing problematic about it . 
  such offended, 
  because there was no real debate about this . 
  it was more of a funny anecdote . 
  thank you for this post . 
  it looks like revisionist history from russia spreads well since i actually believed in it . 
  this whole thread is just perfect example . 
  apples and oranges . 
  do n't even bother responding . 
  no , and he would n't be able to do it anyway . 
  he would make so many enemies that he would be dead the next day . 
  anyway i do n't see connection of your example to what we discus here . 
  i do n't understand comparison . 
  england is n't dictatorship it 's democracy . 
  could you please explain why you think they have no legitimacy to their property . 
  royalty in the eyes of law are just ordinary citizens . 
  they were awarded honorary title and as normal citizens they can inherit estates . 
  ant their fortune is theirs as is your home for example . 
  you suddenly want to make those people into slaves . 
  if it 's their private property why should it ? 
  is n't it how it works everywhere ? 
  how 's property an expense ? 
  if unelected people still hold power in your country it 's your fault . 
  it has nothing to do with representative functions of king and queen . 
  how can you promote class system ? 
  what 's the cost for the country ? 
  i was certain that in england for example they receive nothing . 
  royalty does n't make anyone suffer except maybe for communist 's egos . 
  hitler and stalin apologists . 
  now on reddit !, 
  yes , democracy . 
  i never said they ca n't . 
  i was only arguing that it 's wrong . 
  well yes . 
  on the other hand some people are very annoyed by my feelings toward stalin . 
  he after all killed my grand grand fathers and mothers . 
  i wonder what does it make them ? 
  yes , yes . 
  please tell me though , theoretically , if that would be ok if people of some german town wanted to bring back its old name hitlerburg ? 
  and citizens of hitlerburg would call it just like that . 
  so it 's fine i guess ? 
  and yes poles are fucking dumb lol xd . 
  so you are fine with towns being named hitler-burg that 's what you are saying ? 
  also i have never said here nothing wrong about russians . 
  you are projecting here . 
  edit : i give you 1/10 for being too lazy . 
  i never said anything berlin 's name though . 
  why would anyone would want to change the name of warsaw ? 
  it 's not the name of dictator . 
  he killed millions of russians . 
  if i was russian i would be enternally butthurt about stalin as well . 
  you know , people died in berlin fighting for what they believe was right even though they obviously were n't . 
  removing any symbols of german reich would obviously piss of veterans . 
  edit : thanks for down votes . 
  some people just love stalin . 
  i did n't meant to say that fighting for your town is bad cause . 
  nevertheless , symbols have nothing to do with it . 
  if veterans fought for peoples of this town , than they should n't mind . 
  if they though for stalin then they had a bad cause . 
  you can still find german veterans that believe they fought for their homeland . 
  and condemn what third reich represented . 
  however that may be ridicules . 
  there 's indeed nothing wrong with that if you believe stalin deserves a town being named after him . 
  are you playing dumb ? 
  would that be alright to change the name of one of polish towns to `` russia sucks '' if people want that ? 
  i read the article and i wast talking about suggesting referendum not the name change . 
  although i would n't be surprised if former kgb agent who restores communist anthem , which sounds nice but is strong political statement , could suggest it . 
  oh sorry fixed . 
  i mistaken it with leningrad even though it says volgograd in article . 
  it was once called stalingrad . 
  it 's clear that he likes stalin . 
  if he wanted to make this statement more political he would say that it 's up to citizens of volgograd blah blah . 
  but putin went and suggested something like that . 
  i ca n't stand that guy . 
  were you able to buy atomic warhead on black market in us ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  you should be fine . 
  china hunts only corrupted politicians in opposition , and europe is n't so bright . 
  still eu 's influence had noticeable impact on corruption in poland surly in some eau with russia in lead things could be only worse . 
  it 's slowly getting better . 
  old is dying out and it 's offspring has it harder . 
  capitol was n't inhabited by civilians . 
  it was separatist 's building . 
   got a proof of that ? 
  if you look around i 'm sure you will find some . 
  i saw it in actually objective polish document ( i know it maybe surprising to you ) where crew was interviewing some ukrainian soldiers when they got under artillery fire . 
  one woman from near house got hurt in the head . 
   and where did separatists got army jets ? 
  really ? 
  jets are only way to kill people now ? 
  the attack was n't directed in civilians . 
  was it ? 
  separatist were bombing ukrainian outposts as well harming locals . 
  it 's not news that this sub is n't objective . 
  however you are just trying to forcefully prove it by comparing videos of different caliber . 
   if you mean bombing civilians then they get as much attention as ** videos of separatist doing the same thing ** .
