  we are the ones that relay on germany and usa . 
  we do n't have that comfort you have and we do what ever has to be done . 
   opinion please , you are just bashing people and placate everyone with `` you mindless sheep suck up to lies '' without any arguments . 
  so there 's nothing here to argue . 
  your way is only true way obviously . 
  you made a rant that you wanted to post somewhere . 
  and here it is perfect occasion . 
  singaporean is my first as well . 
  but guessed my ethnicity correctly . 
  it did n't worked out for us well so we can . 
  anyway , you are talking like i am criticizing putin strategy . 
  i have no idea what should be solution . 
  i 'm very surprised how this situation progressed . 
  you sound like a reasonable guy . 
  it 's quite weird that you are on the other side while you are american . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war#bombing_and_occupation_of_gori georgian government reported that 60 people or more died . 
  and than next day several more including foreign journalist . 
  the numbers might not be correct or exact , but it 's hard to fabricate dead bodies . 
  number of people died there for sure . 
  and i saw town gori being mentioned as a bombed one . 
  however i did n't read article . 
  wiki is n't very reliable . 
  if you are interested , something else would be better choice . 
  maybe there were some international observers but i doubt it . 
  yes . 
  too share it and give the members in the sphere more freedom . 
  they are n't puppets as we can see . 
  fta with eu and ukraine would n't hurt russia would it ? 
  not all or nothing or as it turn out crimea or nothing . 
  [ panel on the right ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war ) under casualties and losses , civilian casualties . 
  nato did actually hesitate . 
  especially about baltics countries since they are so hard to defend it was a risk for alliance . 
  but yes of course the stronger alliance and weaker russia the better for safety for alliance . 
  it does n't mean that nato wants to attack russia . 
  i will omit that its main purpose is defense since that 's not always the case . 
  however its outside formation . 
  they had at least until recently favorable stance on russia joining alliance even poland said so . 
  however when asked they refused saying that `` russia does n't join alliances it creates them '' . 
  encircling russia with nato obviously angers them since they can not threaten they neighbors militarily . 
  they can only resort to economical sanctions to get what they want . 
  and we poles know it well . 
  why do you think russians should be able to slice salamis of my fellow easter europeans ? 
  that 's a weird point of view for me . 
  we joined nato not because we wanted to to creep on russian but because we wanted protection from a bully . 
  in the wiki article , it says that actually more georgian civilians died and was wounded . 
  i guess georgians did n't bombed their positions did they ? 
  immigrants maybe . 
  do n't ask me those questions it 's complicated . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  there 's no doubt usa is growing faster than europe . 
  does usa especially hate russia so much or is it something else that differs it from other countries that can live with us somehow friendly even when they do n't agree on everything ? 
  i 'm definitely not the smartest guy here and ca n't answer that question well . 
  and i 'm basing my opinion on news articles i read and some basic assumptions . 
  i do n't understand economy well . 
  however for example , petrodollar requires strong military presence and huge influence around the world . 
  about benefits of it you can read yourself . 
  they definitely accumulate to prosperity and growth of your country . 
  and benefits of it are : boost of living standard and growth of gdp per capita ; generation of new places of work and reduction of unemployment ; increased tax revenue that could be spend on say social system you want ; higher consumption that boost investment internally and from around the world . 
  and some more i have hard time thinking of . 
  those things i listed above affect you even when you buy a chinese toothbrush for 1 $ . 
  i do n't really know well the situation to actually know how many people died because of georgians and russians . 
  but i 'm pretty sure neither did intended to target civilians . 
  bad things happen during wars and people die . 
  do n't say like it does n't benefit you . 
  but yes it is your decision as an american . 
  i respect that . 
  have your country ethnicity in bordering country . 
  this country ca n't defend itself . 
  support separatist movement in region of your interest . 
  convince there people under military occupation that they will have better life in russia by offers of better pensions propaganda etc. 
  provoke the country to attack . 
  they do . 
  invade under the pretext of defending your citizens . 
  secure region and annex . 
  it 's up to you to see it as bad thing or a good thing . 
  if you are russian oligarch it 's definitively positive since that region is valuable , and maybe if you are ordinary russian you can somehow benefit from that . 
  nevertheless its still invasion however you put it . 
  russia moved its army inside someone else borders . 
  edit : forget to add that those people do n't have a choice anyway . 
  sell what exactly ? 
  peaceful relations ? 
  i enjoy those good relations with germany and i would pay a lot for those . 
  that was sarcasm if you had n't noticed i added / s now . 
  and yes russia did n't mass their units into those two separatist regions like they did in georgia . 
  my point is that georgia was n't aggressor it was russia . 
  what they did was n't good but russia definitely does n't have moral high ground . 
  and it is justified to call it invasion because after all that 's what happened even if they did n't fire first shot . 
  that may be naive . 
  but foremost i would want peace so i would commist russia in joining nato or at least stay in good relations with europe . 
  even if it would mean loosing some of my interests to usa . 
  europe is doing fine it seems . 
  otherwise this whole alliance would n't matter because french and british wo n't be able to defend eastern countries . 
  let 's not forget that ukraine is invading ~ ~ eastern ukraine ~ ~ new russia right now . 
  too bad there are no russian tanks this time to defend those poor ~ ~ ukrainians ~ ~ russians and secure some extra regions by the way . 
  those pesky americans are butting in where they should n't . 
  yeah , let 's not talk about bad stuff m ` kay . 
  nato should n't mind what russia does to its neighbors . 
  who 's independent this days ? 
  he never said anything about purpose of human being existence . 
  we have vocal strings so we can talk .
