  my point was that whatever that map was showing ( european borders or total borders ) the number for france is incorrect . 
  even only counting european borders , i count 8 , not 7 , for france . 
  belgium , luxembourg , germany , switzerland , italy , monaco , spain and andorra . 
  then you add netherlands , brazil and suriname . 
  that 's why i love / r/panichistory, 
  [ the orange people ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fntn7ij.jpg ), 
  of course , escargots are delicious !, 
  what 's the juncker subreddit again ? 
  and she 's still nothing compared to patrick balkany . 
  firefighters and hospital workers go on strike sometimes . 
  emergency calls are still answered . 
  lives are still being saved . 
  it 's not a complete stoppage of everything . 
  haha never heard that joke before, 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i 'm also around nice and every single gas station has cars queuing to get filled up . 
  miami is that much of a shithole ? 
  ukraine wtf ? 
  how 's life there ? 
  r\u00e9union or mayotte ? 
  that 's what kadyrov is , interesting documentary : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izx3ubwnsto, 
   i 'm no fan of trump but at some point enforcement needs to be done on preventing war crimes . 
  do you think war crimes happen only in syria or iraq ? 
  i guess you do n't . 
  are you for bombing every single country where war crimes happen on a daily basis ? 
  because there would be a lot . 
  and we 've seen in the past what happens when our governments try to topple a criminal regime to install `` democracy '' , just ask the iraqi , lybian and afghani people . 
  chuck tingle is a goddamn legend . 
  interesting documentary about that : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izx3ubwnsto, 
  might as well annex the whole thing . 
  yes , since for both lr and ps it 's literally in the rules that you have to adhere to when you sign up to be a candidate for the primary . 
  at the very least , if he 's not supporting the chosen candidate , he should just shut up and not try to undermine him . 
  do you know that by participating in the socialist primaries , he agreed to support the eventual winner ? 
  maybe the fact that by participating in the socialist primaries he agreed to back the winner ( hamon ) and then did n't ? 
  your comment sparked a riot in my living room, 
  - [ the italian man who went to malta ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jafqfvsphq8 ) . 
  - as a teenager on a trip to malta , i got drunk so many times in st julians it 's not even funny . 
  asselineau said there was a conspiracy by the media to make him sound like a conspiracy theorist . 
  praise be to allah, 
  you mean ratko van den mladijk . 
  i was too young for both of them . 
  probably the reason why sarkozy even tried to run for 2017 too . 
  god , we have such shitty politicians . 
  [ deal with it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vpchv31.jpg ), 
  i know , i 'm just pointing out that his statement does n't mean much . 
   it seems that macron is the next president . 
  i remember reading that about jupp\u00e9 , then fillon . 
  tbf we 're on / r/europe and he seems to be the most pro-europe of the candidates . 
  man i do n't have enough pop corn for this, 
   well fillon 's wife is apparently in custody that 's not true though , it was a fake rumour . 
   macedonians fyromians, 
  they have a funny accent but they 're liked yes . 
  i used to work in the tourist industry and they were some of the nicest people . 
  yeah the blue looks to be a bit light , but i never noticed it before !, 
  easier from france since geneva is so close to the border . 
  you were hanging around the wrong people mate . 
   but when they speak their own languages they are unintelligible to native german , french and italian speakers we can easily understand swiss french , they speak so slowly ... 
  if it 's related to balkans , there will be butthurt people . 
  nothing because i have n't really tasted any . 
  black mountain is good enough, 
  it 's clearly written in brazilian ... 
   are n't you a russian colony ? 
  would work better with ukraine imo, 
  though i did drink a very good chilean wine the other day , i can confirm i 'd be mildly annoyed if someone said that . 
  nobody 's ever made that joke before, 
  hell , i already struggle in 1g, 
  i ca n't renounce to foie gras mate , it 's too good . 
   once students reach university , student-teacher flings are practically expected . 
  what ? 
  if she 's elected i 'll gladly accept your little green men in nice . 
  macron has been in politics for two years , others like fillon , jupp\u00e9 , sarko , le pen ... have been for 20 years or more . 
  it 's much harder to find dirty stuff on macron ( if there 's any ) than on these guys . 
  morano 2017 confirmed, 
  til we desperately need sarkozy v2 with his former prime minister . 
  macron has only been in politics for two years and a half . 
  hard to find dirt on such a new person . 
  do n't worry , there will be a million polls between now and the elections . 
   and is most prevalent in france . 
  oh shit we 're going full retard, 
  where is that ? 
  but why ? 
   ukrainians must show they seriously want to join european community . 
  not words , actions . 
  maidan was n't enough action for you ? 
   honestly found you , sebastian, 
  and here i am , complaining because it 's only +2 \u00b0 c and i consider that awfully cold ... 
  just `` patrie '' , apart from that it works . 
  corsica was independent before france annexed it in 1768 . 
  if anything with that `` logic '' she 'd give them independence again . 
  yes he was , even came 2nd in the 2002 presidential elections !, 
  dacias seem to be sold as renaults in sa , considering that i rented a renault sandero last month . 
   also , in b4 the french complain about occitan being on the map . 
  we do n't want to upset the 7 occitan speakers left . 
  in ceuta and melilla they do n't say ` enero ' they say ` more maps at jakubmarian.com ' xdddddddddddddd, 
  uh no . 
  before france 's annexation it was a republic . 
  if she 's elected i 'll accept my italian overlords in a heartbeat . 
  those who make the decisions are rich enough . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  nice is safe .
