  english please . 
  has saakashvili done anything to fight corruption ? 
  has he tried ? 
  i 'm not accusing , i honestly do n't know . 
  a broken clock is still correct twice a day . 
  you 're right , so i went to check on wikipedia , and this article tells me that there are a few countries older than san marino : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_by_date_of_formation ethiopia , iran , china , japan , mongolia . 
  but , if you sort by date of last subordination , tiny san marino is the oldest , by far , more than 800 years ahead of 2nd placed portugal . 
   san marino is a country fun fact : san marino , having gained its independence from the roman empire in 301 , is one of the oldest countries in the world . 
  maybe it 's even the oldest country , i ca n't really think of another one . 
  she 's south american and not african but okay , you tried . 
  what a legend . 
  i ca n't imagine all the secrets he took to his grave . 
  that 's such a belgian thing to do . 
  he 's going to appeal the verdict . 
  do n't rejoice just yet . 
  i love your rugby team . 
  you guys should play a test in france one day . 
  i love you too italy . 
  literally nobody in france calls them french fries , that 's probably an american thing . 
  can we all just take a moment to laugh at jean-fran\u00e7ois cop\u00e9 ? 
   lol even cop\u00e9 is still in the race ( poor sod ) . 
  is he really ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  that 's where i stopped reading . 
  welcome to french politics . 
  has nothing to do with french polynesia . 
  surely you should include balkany . 
  do n't forget montenegrin . 
  why not ? 
   article does n't mention it , but the idea came from jean monnet in the article :  one of the civil servants who crafted the plan in 1940 was jean monnet , who would later become an architect of integration and be known as the `` father of europe . '', 
  works both ways though , it 's not like the uk was annexing france , it was a union . 
  yeah because everyone has a garage, 
  macedonia as well . 
  basque and hungarian are n't unique ? 
  pretty rare . 
  you misspelled christophe colomb . 
  usually in a very busy day , we did 100 up to 120 cars per person , and found damages on like 10 % of them or less , unless we were especially unlucky and had lots of damaged cars , but even then , i never got more than 16 . 
  and that 's for the busiest days , it 's less than that usually . 
  but who knows , maybe if they had a financial incentive for finding damage , they were more thorough than us and less forgiving . 
  maybe it 's a policy of that particular agency only and it 's not the same in other places in france , but i can tell you that the biggest assholes regarding damages were usually avis/budget and sixt , hertz were somewhat all right and europcar quite lenient . 
  i thought i could understand italian , and then i watched the tv show gomorra . 
  turns out , they do n't have the same accent in napoli compared to the north or west , and i had to rely almost 100 % on subtitles . 
  20 a day is impossible for a single person , trust me , i had that job in one of the busiest airports in france . 
  what 's weird is that in that airport , europcar told us not to bother reporting small ( < 5cm ) scratches as they said they could n't bill that . 
  funny how differently it works in other countries . 
  you 're right , and it would n't be controversial to call karadzic and mladic scumbags , yet in this thread there are lots of deleted comments : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6lprn7/in_continuation_of_the_scumags_of_europe_series/, 
  on the internet , you 'll find apologists about pretty much any crime . 
  why so many ` ya ' ? 
  or milosevic . 
  omg two cities in north africa named their newborns with muslim names !, 
  breaking news !, 
  i 'm geographically closer to couscous than choucroute here , that might be why . 
  i currently live in a 1600-1800 area , after spending 26 years in various  2500 places . 
  i 've never seen so many clouds . 
  send help . 
  you do n't have enough darkness and cold in the uk ? 
  i 've never heard `` p\u00e9daler dans la choucroute '' either . 
  it 's always been `` semoule '' instead of `` choucroute '', 
  genuinely , the only time i 've heard or read about this guy is on / r/europe . 
  no , he 's a reptilian . 
  try to follow please . 
  even more wtf : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cs-4sotwvqi, 
  til someone who has one of every euro note and coin denomination is richer than me . 
  tu es ` est ' is used to say `` il est un poisson '' for example . 
  hello pondich\u00e9ry , surprise annex, 
  we 're all fish now, 
  that 's because it was italy who tried . 
  i understand your point but this distinction :  and there must be some kind of difference compared to former actual colonies where the native population were discriminated and had less rights than settlers ( french algeria being the obvious example ) . 
  has to be more important than distance , or the way the territory has been acquired . 
  currently in all french territories , citizens get french citizenships and passports and are free to travel to mainland france , and by extension , the eu . 
  there is no state-discrimination like it used to be back when real colonies existed . 
  more importantly , none of the territories are held against the wish of the majority of the population . 
  against the wish of a large minority , yes , for a couple of them probably , i guess the first answer to that will be the upcoming referendum on independence for new caledonia . 
  so , since the county of nice was annexed 155 years ago by france , i 'm glad to learn that i live in a french colony . 
  or is it completely different when you conquer a territory nearby versus one far away ? 
  and there must be some kind of difference compared to former actual colonies where the native population were discriminated and had less rights than settlers ( french algeria being the obvious example ) . 
  what 's your definition of a colony ? 
  conveniently ignoring the fact that , in our latest legislative elections , corsica has elected 3 autonomist deputies , asking for more autonomy from france , that french polynesia has elected one independentist deputy , and that martinique has elected 3 autonomist deputies and an independentist one . 
  unless i 'm mistaken , none of these eu nations deported an entire island 's population to make way for a military base . 
  surprise annex, 
  some national teams who are members of fifa are n't independent countries , so why not , after all . 
  they 're not independentists , they 're nationalists . 
  they want more recognition and more autonomy , but not independence . 
  already , an alliance between nationalists and independentists holds the majority of the seats in the corsican assembly . 
  i feel your pain mate . 
  i grew up in a country where 30 \u00b0 c was what you got in the winter . 
  45 \u00b0 c in the summer was an everyday occurence . 
  talking under the sun of course , official temperatures in the shade are a bit lower . 
  were you suicidal ? 
   trying to capture de gaulle . 
  trying to capture him with bullets and explosives ? 
  pretty sure they tried to assassinate him . 
  at least we got algeria back !, 
  yeah because his vp will totally make things better . 
   slovenia and czechia well , i mean , they used to be the same country . 
  they were even more annoying for someone who understands french . 
  usually they 're balkan threads , this is a new development . 
  because there was an earlier one , or because it 's not modern ? 
  well since you seem to know them so well , i wanted to make sure you actually did . 
  some are independentists , some are autonomists .
