this could explain why there were quite a few fireworks over the neighbouring village last night . 
  let 's hope the latvians enjoy their celebrations . 
  i never relied all that heavily on the metro , and as such i had to visit the city four times before realising the metro system was n't free of charge . 
  every ticket office i came across was either unmanned or completely bypassed by fellow passengers , and i do n't think i ever came across a single functioning turnstile . 
  if my memory serves me well , the stations were actually quite clean , but the carriages were often a real mess . 
  it was sometimes a real struggle to find an unsoiled seat . 
  on a more positive note , many bars i visited in brussels were very good . 
  i visited brussels for the first time when i was in my mid-teens . 
  with it being the capital of a wealthy nation in its own right * and * the eu , i assumed it 'd be a clean , efficiently-run and all-round pleasant city . 
  i was immediately disappointed by how grimy and characterless it was . 
  litter and graffiti everywhere you look , poorly maintained pavements and roadways , very sloppy public transport and lots of people sleeping rough . 
  i think the best word to describe brussels is faded . 
  i 've no doubt it was a pretty place a hundred years ago or so , but years of neglect and 60s eyesore-architecture have ruined it . 
  [ borat worshipped the mighty hawk . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awrqbluur3c&amp;t=1m3s ), 
  i attended a grammar school . 
  french , german and spanish were taught , though upon admission i was asked to decide which two of the three i would like to learn . 
  i chose french ( because my parents both speak the language ) and german ( because i 'm a germanophile ) . 
  after a year of studying both languages , my headmaster held an assembly , during which he asked us whether we enjoyed learning secondary and tertiary languages . 
  barely a quarter did . 
  after that , we were given the option to drop either or both languages in favour of additional mathematics or additional chemistry/physics . 
  this decision pretty much decimated the languages department , though our performance in both maths and science was very strong , even out-performing most private schools . 
  i did n't expect to receive such an interesting and in-depth answer . 
  a thousand thank-yous , and good evening to you !, 
  would you mind telling me whether french-speaking bruxellois ( ? ), 
  are distinct from the walloons ? 
  i 've been meaning to ask this question for some time . 
  i used to have two friends from st.gilles , both french-speakers , who would take offense if/when referred to as wallonian , though i put this down to them both having significant french ancestry . 
  apologies for asking a question which scarcely relates to your comment . 
  brexit strikes again !, 
   just curious , when was this ? 
  a few years ago , further back ? 
  i attended the engineering college between 09/2010 and 05/2014 . 
  the romanian student mentioned in the post you replied to was expelled in q1 2011 for failing to demonstrate adequate commitment to his studies . 
   how did these people get into that school if they were of mediocre academic quality ? 
  i * believe * that students from the uk and most western european nations had recognised qualifications and therefore it was easy to judge whether or not they met entry requirements . 
  qualifications attained in a number of non-western european nations were n't recognised , so there were essentially no entry requirements for students from these nations . 
  instead , these students were required to sit a competency examination after five or six months of studies to determine whether they were suited to the course . 
  those who failed either returned home or were placed on a less taxing course . 
  i was certainly of the impression that very few of their parents had acquired their wealth through legitimate means . 
  i seem to remember one of them pretty much admitting that their father , a politician , had received a significant bribe from a chinese solar energy company . 
  the company is american . 
  most of their cars marketed in europe were , however , designed in either germany or the uk , and they have production facilities across the continent . 
  my dad was only talking about wojtek this morning . 
  one of his friends is the son of a polish soldier who ` served ' with wojtek and settled in the uk following wwii . 
  they would visit wojtek at his enclosure in edinburgh , and the bear would recognise them from sight alone . 
  as stated in the video , they used to speak polish to the bear to calm him down , as he used to get a little over excited when he had visitors . 
   flaunting wealth is the passive aggressive way romanians try to insinuate they 're sophisticated privileged and the exact antithesis of inelegant communist era city peasants . 
  i studied at an engineering college with a very large intake of eu students ( 55 % of the students in my class were ` foreign ' ) , and a significant proportion of them were from romania ( constan\u021ba ) . 
  without exception , they were all the sons of politicians or property developers , and i had never seen , or have since seen , such excessive displays of wealth from people so young . 
  they were often * really * nice guys , but i was often left wondering where their wealth had really come from . 
  you could spot a romanian student from a mile away . 
  whereas domestic/belgian/dutch / german etc. 
  students dressed very plainly , our romanian classmates would wear ralph lauren shirts with ` polo ' written in 10 '' font . 
  they 'd wear either omega or rolex watches , ray ban sunglasses , and would n't go anywhere without a louis vuitton satchel draped over their shoulder . 
  i remember the first time a group of romanian guys invited me back to their shared room in the hall of residence . 
  they had stacks of empty brut bottles beside the entrance to their place . 
  they had obviously left them on show as a display of their wealth , as any normal person would have thrown them away . 
  most of them drove around in pimped out mb gl class/m class suvs with ridiculously oversized alloy wheels . 
  they were real characters ( i remember one guy , who was actually a moldovan masquerading as a romanian , failed an assignment , so pulled out a wad of cash from his pocket and asked our teacher to reconsider his result ) , but i 've never met people who so unashamedly exhibited their wealth in such a way . 
  again , it 's worth remembering , too , that these guys were only in their late teens/early twenties . 
  132  126 * crack !!!, 
  * ouch ... i was only joking paddy !, 
  the 5p bags are made of very thin plastic , and are often compromised after their first use . 
  these days it 's far more common for shoppers to buy ` bags for life ' . 
  these are typically far more durable , and made of recycled plastics . 
  shoppers reuse these bags , and they typically cost between # 0.50 - # 1.50 ( approx . 
  5.5 sek - 17 sek ) . 
  ah , that old excuse . 
  but he was just ... um ... doing ` research ' !, 
  why do n't they re-write the sign to read : `` everybody is welcome , barring terrorists '' ? 
  yes , i know it 's discriminatory , but it will undoubtedly impede any potential threat . 
  i 've seen my fair share of english * and * scottish men behaving terribly inappropriately whilst abroad . 
  depress the atomiser to liberate the cheese from the can . 
  i 'm from lincolnshire , so i could be horribly biased . 
  many of our delicacies , such as ` stuffed chine ' , are truly awful . 
  lincolnshire sausages , however , could well be world-beaters . 
  the butchers i visit now showcase their produce at food festivals across the continent , and sell # 10ks of sausages to europeans every year . 
  they 're very popular , apparently . 
  that obviously depends on your palate . 
  german sausages * must * be good , i suppose , because they 're renowned the world over . 
  whenever i visit munich i try as many as i can , though i 've yet to try one i 'd buy again . 
  the same goes for cumberland sausages . 
  they 're okay , but a little bland . 
  i think the lincolnshire sausage is the tastiest i 've come across . 
  my parents are friends with a german couple who live in the dordogne . 
  they 're usually asked to bring lincolnshire sausages , tea , stilton ... and custard creams when they visit . 
  the easiest/most hilarious solution would be to arm the ai with a taser . 
  if it makes you feel any better , i work for a medium-sized engineering/manufacturing company which trades in gbp . 
  following the referendum , we 've received more orders than we had in the preceding twelve months . 
  we 're receiving so many inquiries , we 're hiring more salespersons . 
  the workshop is probably going to need extending , and our team of fabricators and machinists is probably going to double in size by autumn . 
  every cloud has a silver lining . 
  this post is essentially useless seeing as you live in germany and i live in the uk , but here you could quite easily purchase a similar knife at a military hardware store . 
  i live a couple of miles away from a very large one , where you could buy a u.s. machete with a 18 '' ( 457mm ) blade for # 30.00 - # 35.00 . 
  as i 'm sure you well know , the majority of the uk 's politicians were in favour of remaining within the eu . 
  i wonder whether they plan to hoist the electorate over an open fire , leave them in suspense for a period long enough to singe their toes , and then eventually ask them whether they wish to be lowered in to the fire further still , or returning to the more temperate fireside whence they came . 
  let the inevitable economic impact manifest , then provide the electorate with the opportunity to proceed down the path they chose , or return to normality . 
  can i take my tin-foil cap off now ? 
  it 's perfectly legal to use ` reasonable force ' to defend yourself here in the uk .
