  yes , i do hate the leave campaign , especially boris johnson and farage and other leave campaigners who saw this as an opportunity to further their own aims , without any plan for what happened if they won . 
  they entertained the far right wing and led a bunch of uneducated people and racists off a cliff . 
  i 'm not from the uk so i can get on with my life perfectly fine . 
  it 's british people and foreign people living in the uk that have to make sense of all this . 
   the sooner you realise that people can and will have different opinions to your own , the sooner you will learn that not everyone thinks exactly as you do . 
  you will grow up sooner or later typical retardation from a leaver . 
  nothing i 've said suggests that i think everyone has the same opinion as i do , literally everything i 've said is criticising an opinion that i do n't like and do n't hold . 
  are you going to tell all of europe and nearly half of britain who thinks brexit is one of the dumbest things to happen to the uk ever to grow up as well ? 
  sometimes people have different opinions than you and sometimes your opinions are stupid . 
  however , i do n't think you 'll be mature enough to deal with that , ever . 
   but that 's not to say that every remainer is a genius . 
  nobody said that , but it 's a fact that remain voters were more educated than leavers . 
  i have n't seen a single intelligent or legitimate argument from a leaver , that 's just a fact . 
  the more clips you see of them the more disgusted and shocked you are . 
  i 'm really getting the feeling that you 're lying when you say you voted to remain . 
  it 's sad to see your danish company split when over half of the uk rejected them ? 
  bit obvious why it would be . 
  the difference is that europeans are a demographic made up of hundreds of millions of people with all sorts of different personalities and skills and opinions . 
  every single leave voter i 've seen interviewed or read about has been visibly stupid and/or racist , or a politician out for himself . 
  there 's no arguing with that , you simply ca n't find an intelligent argument to either leave or an intelligent person who chose to leave after doing research and carefully weighing up the options . 
  i 've heard so many people say , `` oh , but they 're not * all * racist and stupid , '' yet i have n't seen a single one that is n't . 
  where are all these well educated and conscientious leave voters ? 
  the fact that there 's been countless racist incidents since the should tell you all you need to know about the leave side , that 's the company they 're keeping , regardless of how much they protest that they 're not racist . 
  saying old people turned out to vote and young people did n't does n't mean that leave voters are n't dumb xenophobes and racists . 
  argh !, 
  why are so many people so stupid ? 
  have they not heard of hitler , for god 's sake , europe tried far right wing nonsense and nationalism before and it killed dozens of millions of people . 
  what 's messed up is that some of these people love hitler . 
  i want them all to get off mr. europe 's wild ride . 
   what is everyone trying to achieve through whining and moaning though ? 
  because it 's an absolutely earth-shattering and horrific thing to learn that over half of the uk is dumb and xenophobic to various degrees . 
  this is mind boggling to many people that the uk willing voted itself into a pit of powerless despair that it will take decades to pull out of it and it will likely never again return to its standing . 
  the city of london may have essentially fallen . 
  this vote may very well be in the history books as the day when british citizens willingly for the fall of their nation from global standing . 
  it could very well be viewed as the dumbest thing democracy has ever done and be used as an example for hundreds of years . 
  no , it is a fact , that 's what makes this referendum so unique . 
  voting to leave does n't do any of the things that brexiters wanted it to do , i 've never seen such a clear where a vote predicted how dumb , xenophobic , and uneducated a person is . 
  in the whole length of the campaign and the aftermath , there has n't been a single good argument to leave . 
  `` we 'll get our freedom back . '', 
  how ? 
  where was it before ? 
  you have less say in world affairs now and are in many way 's europe 's bitch now . 
  what does freedom even mean ? 
  `` it 'll stop immigration . '', 
  no it wo n't , it never could have , even boris johnson and some other leavers are completely going back on that bullshit . 
  when asked how exactly it will stop immigration , leavers had absolutely no answer , and still do n't . 
  `` we wo n't have to send them money . '', 
  the eu sends britain loads and loads of money and is vital for many , many industries . 
  everyone from scientists to filmmakers to poverty stricken towns that london does n't give a shit about anymore depend upon eu investment . 
  a lot of uk industries are going to suffer because of this . 
  `` we can make our own trade deals now . '', 
  that will take decades , for each country that is even interested in a deal with britain , and the uk is coming to the negotiation table from a position of weakness , every country knows they 'll desperately need such deals and they 'll get hammered in talks . 
  not to mention without the access to the eu market , banks and businesses are already fleeing across the channel and the pound has plummeted . 
  that boils down what are essentially the main arguments for leaving and none of them have any merit whatsoever . 
  there can be legitimate issues with the eu but they are n't made better by voting yourself off the board and reducing yourself to an employee with his face pressed against the glass trying to hear what the big boys are saying . 
  that 's what makes it irrational , the uk has fucked itself over big time , and saying that things * might * be okay decades from now is just silly , this is going to destroy and alter the future of many , many young britons who did n't want this . 
  why would you want to go work in a country where people will shout racist stuff at you in the street and tell you to go home ? 
  there was no sensible reason to vote leave . 
  that 's the problem . 
  people may have had gripes about the eu but all of them are made worse by leaving , it was an irrational and emotional fuck you vote in general from many , many people . 
  there 's already articles detailing people regretting their leave vote and in shock about what 's happened . 
  that is not true at all , there 's an article with far more than ten people saying racist shit to random foreign people in the street , regardless of what their job may be , and plenty of right wing groups who just want all foreign people to go . 
  do n't try and diminish the genuinely racist , `` make britain white again '' aspect of the leave vote , it was a big part of it . 
  haha . 
  sometimes being a really good devil 's advocate with something like this is just irresponsible , especially when he did n't have anything of substance to say against remain , he attacked cameron himself and made dismissive jokes about it . 
  and people try to act like the leave voters are n't practically all dumb and have no idea about or interest in what they just voted on . 
  i have n't seen a single good reason for voting to leave , and any reason that people think has merit is only made worse by leaving , rendering a leave vote both dumb and irrational . 
  faisal is acting incredulous now but he had cameron on a brexit interview with an audience a few weeks ago and he acted like the eu was the worst fucking thing in the world and cameron was a dumb twat who was trying to fool everyone into voting to remain , making snide little shitbag jokes about how shitty the eu is and how cameron should n't be trusted just to get the audience to laugh . 
  i know journalists sometimes have to play devil 's advocate but he went way beyond that , you 'd think he wanted to tear down the eu with his bare hands the way he went on . 
  come on , dublin !, 
  let 's throw the north in for good measure , time to crack open that can of worms again , this was all a fantastic idea . 
  :( so many dead , a war so bad you 'd think europe and the world would never want to do it again but there was one even worse so soon after people fought in both . 
  only inventing weapons that will literally extinguish life on earth has stopped global war . 
  where would the world be if humanity had always worked together peacefully . 
  we 'd probably be having sex with hot aliens on the shoulder of orion and living to be 1000 already . 
  [ holy fuck . 
  this is the worst facial injury i 've probably ever seen . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2ydgui8.jpg ) why did n't they just tell the aristocracy to fuck off and fight their own wars :( . 
  so many dead . 
  it 'd be so funny if that happened . 
  what 's even funnier is that many of the people who voted to leave are so uninformed that they would n't even notice and would still think it 's great that the uk `` has its freedom , '' whatever the hell that means . 
  no , they set it on fire and they went the eu to put it out . 
  with no survivors !, 
  was really hoping the guy would actually question them . 
  `` so how and when will this stop the muslims coming into britain ? '', 
  `` in what way are you free now that you were n't last week ? 
  what do you think will change ? '', 
  which would be followed by garbled incoherent nonsense in reply . 
  it 'd be so funny seeing how few votes would count if that was brought in . 
  this referendum more than most others has shown how incredibly uninformed and dumb most voters are in general . 
  are you a hot girl ? 
  i 'll marry you for a bit if you are . 
  we do n't have to have sex or anything , i lost my penis in an explosion , but i want to shove you in my mother 's face , she 's always said i 'll never find another woman after the accident . 
  they voted to stay without knowing what the eu was and now they 're the people googling it ? 
  desperate . 
  your muddled point is becoming even more garbled . 
  that 's not really true , our gdp is screwy because of all the mncs that have their head office here , but they send their money straight back to america . 
  there 's lots of poor and lower middle class people here . 
  it 's not calcutta , but you do n't have to go far in any direction to find a shithole neighbourhood . 
  they also have to do these trade deals with everyone almost at the same time and really quickly .
