  i told you i love you , and thank you , in case you did n't know . 
  my bulgarian was learned through a relationship , sorry, 
  i always wondered , what 's it during the winter and now ? 
  does the whole place shut down ? 
  i was imagining how crazy it must be to grow up in a seasonal party town , you must have banged loads of russian girls growing up . 
  if not , my condolences . 
   you ca n't just blame it on russians being lazy ah , now, 
  maybe russians are just dicks , who knows, 
  was discussing guns with a gun nut from america on reddit the other day and they were using fudged statistics to make it look like norway had 22x worse rampage shootings than america , when in reality there was 1 bad rampage shooting in norway from 2009-2013 compared to america 's 38 . 
  i went to sunny beach last summer , i got so burned by the sun i was bed ridden like an old man for a day . 
  it was great, 
   stalin , for all his genocidal tendencies , was actually a decent-ish administrator . 
  what ? 
  stalin was mostly a joke of an administrator , along with the soviets in general , people barely knew what they were doing , the mismanagement and bone crushing poverty was huge and widespread . 
  russia won because there was an almost endless amount of young men to throw at the germans , and there was a few remaining good marshals and generals that stalin forgot to execute, 
  even worse !, 
  i said do n't be jel , not do n't be ascairt . 
  do n't be jel of dublin 's future position as the financial jewel of europe, 
   it is primarily because of common law , english language , ~ ~ cultural offerings of london ~ ~ , time-zone , tax regime , stable political culture , respected regulators , high concentration of professional advisors . 
  if only there was some other european country that shared most of these traits ... hmm . 
  [ look at this one , this is some breaking bad shit , rigging up some complex cinnamon shooting device . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qslkzbi0xko ), 
  bit early for the death knell . 
  wait till the guy loses his job and the woman becomes ugly and old . 
  ca n't stop laughing at that typo and image , people saving up bottle caps and just standing around and vomiting all over the square for hours , occasionally flicking bottle caps at the poor guy who has to clean it all up . 
  that 's another hallmark of dickheads and racists , `` lol , you 're just being sensitive , it 's just genuine race hate , lol , nbg , why do n't you find my famine jokes funny ? '', 
  it 's not me being sensitive , it 's that guy being a genuine irish-hating weirdo , and judging from the racist insults in your history and how new your account is , i would n't be surprised if you 're one of his alts , or just another weirdo like him . 
  fuck off and shove a baguette up your arse . 
  it would be possible to take it as a joke if he was joking , but he 's not , did you not read anything i said ? 
  the guy regularly trolls this sub and / r/mapporn posting anti-irish stuff and then deleting his account and making a new one after a few months , that 's not a joke , that 's the behaviour of a mad person . 
  it 's possible to be racist against group , it 's not just about skin colour . 
  your first comment was banter , then your next comment had zero banter in it , and then i discovered that you were actually serious the whole time and have a genuine dislike for ireland and the irish . 
  `` it was just a prank , bro , '' is that really the defense you 're going with ? 
  your comment history says otherwise , and it 's just pathetic that you 're trying to act like you were n't making a famine reference . 
  have the courage of your racist convinctions and just admit you do n't like ireland , for whatever bizarre reason . 
  when you have a history of saying mean things about a certain set of people , that 's called racism . 
  i 'm calling you what you are . 
  you were n't saying `` comments i do n't agree with , '' that makes you sound like a reasonable person , you were repeatedly saying petty and insulting things about ireland and irish people and posted a gif of a potato in what i assume was a famine related insult . 
  it 's always funny how racists always get offended when they get called as such and try to come up with reasons why their version of racism is n't * real * racism . 
  get over it , you 're a weirdo and a racist . 
  i 'd love to see you say any of this stuff to an irish person in real life , something tells me you keep that shit to yourself , like all cowardly internet racists . 
  suddenly it 's ` light-hearted ' . 
  not when you have weird racist comments like that in your history and do n't even deny that you 're an anti-irish troll . 
  haha , this guy is actually serious . 
  look at how bitter he is :  [ as the article says , it 's 100 % culturally british , a tax haven , and just a few miles off the mainland . 
  what more could you want ? 
  also , many uk citizens naturally have a right to an eire passport , which is technically an eu passport and gives you all the freedom of movement you need . 
  for once the little irish republic is of some use to us . 
  we shall rename it `` european england '' . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/540eko/75_of_uk_businesses_eye_ireland_as_postbrexit_home/d7xtjrv?context=3 ) [ apparently he 's an anti-irish weirdo who regularly deletes his accounts and makes new ones to complain about ireland . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/530wvz/fantasy_styled_british_isles_1024x721/d7pbhh5?context=3 ) definitely one of the saddest things i 've seen on reddit , and that 's saying something . 
  `` huge polish guy '' is basically a meme in ireland . 
  loads of them do mma and bjj etc as well , nearly everyone who trains has a story about a huge and insanely strong polish guy . 
  do n't be jealous that your country is going to be an isolated backwater with no influence while we jerk off banks and mncs with our 0 % tax rate . 
  guardian hates corbyn . 
  then again , that guy could be like , `` she was really weirded out by my flag . 
  every time i 'd bring it out to wash the cummies off it after scream-wanking onto it in my room while watching rape porn with the door open she 'd look at it like it was an alien . 
  what a weird lady , lol . '', 
  need to do a clockwork orange style download of european culture , tie them up and hold their eyes open and blast them with a concentrated dose of european internet and television , with the eurovision making up the core of the curriculum . 
  finland is just eyeballing everyone going , `` what !? 
  what !? 
  you wan na go , bro ? 
  we 'll throw down anytime . 
  winter war in this bitch , get ready to have a massively disproportional amount of losses . . '', 
  `` hmm , this guy must have some connection to italy or just really like my home country . 
  better act really weird towards him and not talk about it for months . '', 
  i googled it , apparently the ottomans sold turkeys to europe so europeans called it `` turkey fowl '' , and eventually dropped the fowl . 
  although nobody is really that sure where the name came from , but turks have been called turks for centuries beforehand . 
  if a bunch of turks came here over the next few years , everyone would know why and sympathize with them . 
  dark times . 
  also , i feel that people really never mention the fact that the country is called turkey . 
  that 's a bird 's name . 
  is that not weird to people from turkey when they learn english and find that out ? 
  do you know anyone who does judo ? 
  georgia is great at judo . 
  oh , i 'm sorry , is everywhere america ? 
   animals processed for food are ** often ** slaughtered quickly and relatively painlessly, 
  so still shit then , is what you 're saying . 
  haha , that second one really made me laugh . 
  `` darn it , who knew that stuff was flammable . 
  animals processed for food are often slaughtered quickly and relatively painlessly . 
  bullfighting is the brutal and extended public torture and humiliation of an animal for the amusement of a crowd . 
  it 's psychotic and barbaric , and should have been cast into the dark annals of history centuries ago . 
  it 's embarrassing that spain still does this and that people still pay to see it happen . 
  people who engage in this cruel spectacle should be ashamed of themselves . 
  was afghanistan ever not shit , though ? 
  yer a jew , harry . 
  just because one country might do bad things does n't mean they are automatically wrong when they point out other countries that are doing bad things . 
  uh , jowbs for de buoyyyys ? 
   those safety zones would not be forced , but voluntary , so if a woman feels threatened , she would be able to go there , if she feels she has no other choice . 
  as if loads of girls would n't just go there because it 's at the front next to the stage and there 's no dudes blocking the view or taking up space in general . 
  too complicated . 
  dude on stilts . 
   i am from southern italy . 
  well . . 
  i think it 's mostly founded on the fact that some dudes like raping , and not much else . 
  they lower the standards for women , that 's the problem . 
  an average trained man will almost always be better than the best trained woman , and they always end up lowering or fudging the standards for women . 
  there 's simply no need for this other than a misguided attempt at equality , in one area where it will undoubtedly get people killed . 
  the american government did a study on the effectiveness of mixed gender combat units versus male combat units in the training they undergo .
