  this is a nightmare for them , i would hate to be a british civil servant over the next few years . 
  centuries . 
  both farage and johnson have openly called the eu a failed project and that it should break up in the last day or two during their speeches . 
  they 're absolute shitbag bastards and their efforts could easily lead to war in europe down the line . 
  astonishing that they know this but do n't give the slightest shit because they got theirs . 
  haha . 
  you 're literally saying , `` fite me irl , eu . '', 
  completely exemplifies the level of discourse brexiters brought to the table . 
  you 're not being told what to do , you 're just being told you 've made your bed and set it on fire so you can put it out yourself , none of us wanted you to leave in the first place . 
  this will be one of the greatest blunders in * human * history . 
  the eu is one of the greatest political achievements ever and the uk is breaking it up and weakening it . 
  not 70 years ago europe was stuck in an endless cycle of war for thousands of years yet the eu managed to give many europeans a shared sense of identity and friendship in that short space of time since . 
  that changes today . 
  there could be a world war 50 years from now and brexit could easily be the root cause of it , it 'll be decades before the full ramifications of this are truly understood . 
  that 's the definition of irrational ; a kneejerk , emotional reaction to issues they do n't understand and have no interest in figuring out . 
   hobnobs are the heartiest biscuit , like something you 'd feed to a plow horse . 
  that 's the best way to describe a hobnob i 've ever heard , haha . 
  wan na be fat . 
  everyone be fat , all the time . 
  uh , marry them for a visa ? 
  fuck the eu even though over half of the uk just rejected the eu and us along with it ? 
  no , fuck those people for shattering the greatest political union to ever exist . 
  i 'm not going to bother reading that insane rant . 
  because the soviet union was a horrible dictatorial regime that means anyone who identifies with the left is a fascist ? 
  the sort of statement only an idiot would make , never mind the fact that fascism is a far right wing ideology . 
  yes , the eu is one of the greatest political achievements ever , i 'm very fond of it . 
  it 's invested a lot in my country and made it wealthy , as it has many other european nations . 
  thousands of years of war and within a few decades it managed to make europeans identify with each other and enjoy an unprecedented level of economic and cultural integration . 
  only racist and uneducated idiots like you would think it 's a bad thing or an insult to say that someone is fond of it . 
  you should fuck off out the eu as well , stop reaping the benefits of it , you hypocrite . 
  i 'm ignorant because i have no time for racists and neo-nazis ? 
  sure thing . 
  i presumed you were one of these right wing nutjobs [ and it would appear i was correct . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/cringeanarchy/comments/4g7f0k/baby_trump/d2fpdh5?context=3 ) take a good look at the tailspin the uk goes into now . 
  now imagine the meltdown that would happen if the eu broke up . 
  war raged in europe for thousands of years and it could easily rear its head again . 
  closing the borders and being obsessed with some vague `` identity '' is not worth that risk at all . 
  without the support of irish americans we 'd likely never have gotten the republic , i think it 's really cool that there 's such a huge diaspora of irish people out there who still feel an attachment to their ancestral homeland . 
  i did n't know cleveland was that bad . 
  hopefully everyone will stop shooting each other since the sports is going well . 
  haha , i do n't think that question would make you sound smart to anyone here , it would make you sound old-fashioned and out of touch . 
  irish-americans are often seen as die-hard supporters and financiers of a united ireland without really knowing much about how confusing the issue became , with the ira turning into a criminal gang as time went on . 
  it 's really hard to know about sectarian divisions in a small country without actually being there . 
  cool that you got to talk to him , though , most irish people do n't get that chance . 
  you should have called him a bastard , that would have gone viral . 
  you 're from cleveland , did you see stipe miocic outside his fire station ? 
  or at a baseball game ? 
  or in some parade that 's happening ? 
  oh , is it uncalled for to bring up hitler in a discussion about nationalists and racists obsessed with their racial and cultural identity in europe ? 
  and i think it makes perfect sense to not wish the best for a bunch of ignorant racists and neo-nazis . 
  have you forgotten that one of them assassinated a politician just a few days ago ? 
  i 'm not british , i 'm glad that they 're gone , now the eu does n't have to deal with them moaning all the time . 
  good riddance , they do n't deserve to be a part of the eu . 
  haha , scotland can come along and join the party as well , then the united kingdom of ireland and scotland can point and laugh at the sheep shagging kingdom of england and wales . 
  ha , enda kenny , not edna . 
  edna suits him more , though . 
  that 's funny that you actually talked to him , how did you get next to him ? 
  yeah , he likely did n't want to get quoted saying he was working towards a unified ireland , that 'd cause a firestorm over here . 
  it 'd be absolutely mad if it happened , i 'd actually be really glad to see it , even though i 'm perfectly fine with the north being a part of the uk atm . 
  i 'd actually be glad to see a united ireland in my lifetime , i never imagined it to be a real possibility . 
  it 'd be so funny if that happened , that after all these years that 's what leads to a united republic , cameron and farage fucking the uk off a cliff . 
  and i 'd love to see farage trying to explain how brexit was a good thing for a united britain if scotland and ni left . 
  i do n't have to respect it at all . 
  that 's the sort of talk that lead to hitler 's ascent . 
  the people who voted to leave are overwhelmingly uneducated and poor , people who have little understanding of politics or economics , and many of those people are racists and nationalists . 
  i 'm glad they 're gone , they do n't deserve to be in the eu . 
  let 's see how they fare out in the cold on their own . 
  i hope the eu makes as bad an example out of them as they deserve . 
  i think it 's the aforementioned racists and nationalists and also an uneducated and pissed off bunch of people who do n't have even a basic grasp of the issues who just want to fuck shit up because they 're unhappy with their lives and think for some bizarre reason that it 's all the eu 's fault . 
  it 's in the same vein as trump 's success . 
  there 's no genuine reason to vote to leave , it 's not going to improve anything for britain , so i have difficulty accepting a vote to leave as an intelligent political decision , rather than an emotional and anti-establishment one . 
  nobody believed them when they said `` tiocfaidh ar la '' !, 
  all joking aside , it would probably lose , i think there 's still a few more protestants than catholics up north , but with membership of the eu at stake , who knows , maybe the younger northern irish would give less of a shit about old divisions and hold their nose and vote to join the republic . 
  what i do know is that a referendum about it would undoubtedly kick off the troubles again and people will die . 
  it 's a fucking disgrace that cameron and farage have put the uk in this awful situation . 
  no , but a disturbing amount of them veer in that direction . 
  nationalist , xenophobic , uneducated , ignorant , and weirdly preoccupied with british `` identity '' . 
  this is a loss for humanity , not just the uk . 
  as a european , good riddance to them . 
  i do n't want people like that in the eu , they do n't deserve to be in the union . 
  haha . 
  i just saw that your comment a minute ago that said you work in washington and you know the talk around the town , i am willing to netflix and chill in exchange for pillow talk revolving around political gossip and intrigue . 
  it 's the truth . 
  look at the company people who voted to leave are keeping , it tells you all you need to know about it . 
  marion le pen and other fascists are celebrating , [ this guy put it well . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/stephenkb/status/746209706960531456 ), 
  this is it , boys , nows our chance . 
  haha, 
  if a bunch of racists and neo-nazis are celebrating , not to mentioning murdering politicians in the street , you 're probably not on the right side of history . 
  so dumb in so many ways . 
  as if the government is going to invite everyone who voted to leave into parliament to start making decisions . 
  this is what happens when people who do n't usually vote or have a clue about politics start voting . 
  haha , for some reason this really made me laugh . 
   i mights need to actually wait at a checkpoint next time i want to get nandos ' when im in ulster . 
  this should have been a central argument of the in campaign . 
  [ the actual name of that rapper ? 
  ] ( https://www.google.ie/search?q=rapper+cut+dick+off&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=mcbsv87vi6lbgaagzajoaq ) andre `` christ bearer '' johnson . 
  was n't he on pcp ? 
  that shit makes rappers do crazy stuff . 
  there was another rapper who cut out his girlfriend 's heart and ate it because he thought she was the devil and he had to do it to stop the end of the world .
