  we would get shat on and have even less of a say without europe . 
  we 'd be completely irrelevant like we were before we joined , a rotting backwards and inefficient farming island on the outskirts of europe, 
   things like the eu parliament , the executive and political parts and the eurozone should n't have happened . 
  europe was stuck in an endless cycle of wars for hundreds and indeed thousands of years , and thanks to the eu and everything it involves , we now have a shared identity and a shared companionship with each other on an unprecedented scale . 
  many people on this sub and throughout europe see themselves as belonging to the same union and since most of us are too young to remember the world wars or any of the dozens of wars that devastated europe , a lot of us take this unity for granted but for some reason , some english people do n't like this unity and still think they 're an empire that should n't have to take orders from anyone or take anyone elses concerns into account . 
  this referendum is basically a petulant tantrum from a country annoyed at not getting its way , mostly called for by people who understand little about politics or the consequences of leaving, 
  it 's not a realistic plot , this sub is growing dumber in a haze of racism and idiocy, 
  the fact that this is upvoted is a testament to how retarded and racist this immigrant crisis has revealed this sub to be, 
  the racism and lack of humanity in this thread is staggering . 
  i can only hope this thread has been brigaded by the racist europe sub becuse it 's ridiculous how callous people in this thread are being, 
  is this the racist europe sub or what ? 
  the fuck has happened to this sub , completely lacking in any humanity or compassion and has devolved into `` der dirty immigrants , kick them out . '', 
  the russians are dogshit at rescue operations and seem to historically place little value on life in general , in military terms , which seems to often be the case with countries with large populations and unfortunately bloody pasts . 
  [ the moscow theatre crisis is another example of their stellar rescue work . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moscow_theater_hostage_crisis ) `` hey , will this stuff we 're pumping in the vents kill the hostages too ? '', 
  `` probably . 
  let 's not tell the hospitals what drug we 're using though , even though it would save lives , this shit is totally a war crime . 
  also do n't tell the families where their bodies are . '', 
  it was blossoming into a beautiful friendship but then land was brought into the equation and this was the most polite declaration of war i 've ever seen, 
   there 's nothing wrong with russia erm ... 
  poopies are always funny , even the word poopies is making me laugh right now, 
  and they say scandinavians have no sense of humour, 
  well there is obviously massive corruption and crime in bulgaria , every country has organized gangs . 
  is that the show with the young guy was in game of thrones ? 
  my girlfriend recognised a guy fro got and said he was in the biggest bulgarian tv show in years . 
  she shall translate !, 
  i recently visited bulgaria , and as my gf 's dad said : `` in bulgaria , everything mafia . 
  government mafia . '', 
  i presume something related is happening in both countries . 
  bicycle lane planners mafia, 
  yeah , people would hang onto the door frame , lean back and shart their shit out the door and into the rear courtyard , was surprisingly hygienic, 
   silencing discussion by calling people names if they disagree with you is the most insidous and undemocratic thing you can do . 
  really ? 
  a single person drawing attention to the fact that there are government shills on this site is the * most * insidious and undemocratic thing in the world ? 
  not governments who actively seek to undermine democracy with their tactics ? 
  that 's just stupid . 
  i presume he has nothing to do with the pact because if he did then that would mean he is automatically a shill . 
  the fact that you seem to be so annoyed about any discussion of shills is kind of strange , do you not believe they exist ? 
  are you not annoyed that governments are trying to manipulate your opinion like that ? 
  because governments are employing people to actively manipulate public opinion and i think that 's one of the most insidious and undemocratic things they can do . 
  these people exist and reddit is one of the biggest forum sites so they 're definitely here . 
  under articles about unpopular government policies , you often see comments excessively supporting it being massively and inexplicably upvoted despite most people disagreeing with that opinion in the thread . 
  now there 's a good chance many of them are n't shills but there 's also a chance that loads of them are or at least there 's dummy accounts upvoting unpopular opinions . 
  even the fact that he has sources and has convinced you of his points shows that , in the instance that he is a shill , he 's an extremely effective one . 
  why is some random person so vehemently defending a trade deal they have nothing to do with ? 
  what is your interest in defending this ? 
  he probably is n't a shill , but they exist and they 're definitely on reddit . 
  many people are n't aware of that but maybe now they are, 
  hey look , it 's one of those shills employed by governments to subtly manipulate the debate online, 
  nobody would have clicked the link to an article, 
  umf , it would be so good to see them all go down law & order style , slap a rico act on anything that moves and everyones going to jail, 
  war goals , intentions , there is no difference . 
  you said their only goal was to kill the axis powers , which is just bullshit , they wanted half of europe as well , no one enters a war with only one goal . 
  haha , i 've actually seen that before . 
  usually they turn into that * after * they get married though, 
  you 're confusing the terms in which the ussr joined wwii with their goals thereafter . 
  the ussr was more than willing to divide up europe with the germans , and once the nazis turned on them they were fine with dividing it up with the allies . 
  stealing land from other countries was always one of their goals, 
   remember the ussr never had any wargoals but `` destroy the axis '' . 
  they did n't care about ideologies or people . 
  that 's just not true , stalin was n't a robot on a singular warpath , the ussr wanted to carve up europe and take as much of it as possible after they defeated the nazis , and they did, 
  hide in the woods with a few blankets, 
  it 's like the only time you 'd want to be an ugly fat older woman ; no good for soldiering and not too much of a chance of being raped , unless you were unlucky enough to be seen by a soldier who 's into that, 
  and the jews . 
  well , at least one older bulgarian i know , do many bulgies hate jews ? 
  bulgarians despise the turks as well . 
   jew gold haha , i do n't know what it is but the jew just sounds like an insult in some contexts . 
  [ they even did a bit about that in it 's always sunny . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlis7qaweaa ) `` you dropped a hard j. '', 
   irish were drunks/catholic we prefer the term `` very green '' . 
  probably how stupid polish people are . 
  ^ you ^ walked ^ into ^ that ^ one , ^ i 'm ^ sorry . 
  it 's so funny how racist people these days try and act like they 're not racist . 
  and the common theme between them that you 're purposefully ignoring : racism . 
  i can tell how racist you are by how you think they 're much different . 
  so all the bnp , ukip , edl type people just have a well thought out intellectual disagreement with certain aspects of the eu ? 
  so you do n't think a single english person longs for the days when the uk was a big strong empire ? 
  and their british patriotism makes taking orders from the eu very unpalatable ? 
   frankly it is funny , because it must be infuriating for old imperium like uk that they are not in the driver 's seat anymore . 
  that 's exactly where a lot of this is coming from , there 's a lot of english people who just ca n't stand the fact that they 're not an empire anymore , for some bizarre reason . 
  you can see barely literate idiots under every article about brexit on facebook going mad about making britain strong again and longing for the old days , and despising the eu for having any say in british affairs . 
  hmm , it almost seems like being in the eu has helped the uk 's economy . 
  things will definitely stay the same if the uk leaves , surely . 
  that would be so funny if they let the internet decide the names for all of their ships , they 'd get called the worst and most hilarious things . 
  look at what happened to tay, 
  that 's the plan . 
   they use pseudonyms for him or simply gesture to the heavens rather than utter his name . 
  he 's like voldemort, 
  * gif of that guy setting up a folding chair and eating popcorn *, 
  haha , your flag flair . 
  they tried that with us already , it did n't work out . 
  well , eventually . 
  easter rising ii 2816 . 
  oh , it 's not your definition of europe so it does n't count . 
  go and fuck , you ignorant bastard . 
  if britain votes to leave the eu , i think many of the rest of us would be happen to see the country tank and fail miserably and beg to be let back in , to which we have a vote and have our own turn to say no . 
  you do n't get all the positives without any of the ` negatives ' , britain does n't deserve special treatment . 
  you probably have n't seen the russian girls at sunny beach then , i find that confusing . 
  that sounds amazing , though , what inspired you to move to sunny beach of all places from canada ? 
  have you learned much bulgarian ?
