  i 've seen larger ones in london, 
  greek government spending 500-600 billion euros on military equipment in 25 years was the # 1 reason for the economic crisis , [ which is funny since last week imf said it would not accept any deal in which greece lowers its military spending ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/06/15/imf-greece-veto_n_7588594.html ) . 
  in 2008-2010 if greece left the eurozone which was the absolute best thing greece could have done , it would have likely caused a rapid collapse of the eurozone since european banks were full of toxic assets which would have caused a chain reaction of banking collapses and potential total eurozone collapse . 
  instead of taking the best option and defaulting , greece decided to follow the advice of the imf/eu which promised a meager 5 % reduction in economy but overall a much stronger greece gdp/debt ratio and greece would fine in 2-3 years and the eurozone would be better than ever . 
  in reality what the bailouts did was unload the 200 billion of toxic banking assets out of northern european banks and put them on teh shoulder of greek citizens in the largest financial scam in human history . 
  the bailouts did not bailout greece , it bailed out the european banks which transfered all of their toxic assets to greece and put a massive firewall to protect itself from a grexit . 
  so now 4-5 years after the `` bailouts '' not only is greece in a worse situation than in 2010 but with the addition of an extra 200 billion of debt that has done nothing and a 30 % reduction in gdp and on top of that gdp/debt ratio has sky-rocketed . 
  and now on top of all of this , has their been 1 single word from european leaders of the hardships greek citizens have taken or the fact that austerity was miscalculated by imf in their own words and maybe their can be a better course of action ? 
  no there has not and now they are trying to make the situation worse by causing bank runs with german finance ministers provoking with dangerous statements and european leaders threatening greece . 
  the best solution now is to leave the eurozone like greece should have done in 2008-2010 and accept the fact that greece has been in total economic war without putting up a fight until now . 
  92 % of bailout money was never used by greece , it was circulated into european banks to move around toxic assets which were threatening the eurozone and put a giant firewall around a potential grexit . 
  if greece defaulted in 2008 like it should have done there would be no need to load up the 200 billion euros of `` bailout '' debt that has crippled greece today and greece would be in a 1000x better situation today . 
  the debt is the fault of the bailout scam , the largest financial scam in world history as it will be remembered in future generations , and the fault for the bailout scam is not just on greece . 
  the best course greece could have taken is to default in 2008 without loading up 200 billion in debt from the so called `` bailouts '' which only led to extending the situation for a few years until it was even worse than 2008 . 
  the only thing the `` bailouts '' did was bailout the northern european banks from catastrophic bankruptcy and they spent all that `` bailout '' money to build a giant firewall around greek assets . 
  the only thing the `` bailouts '' did was unload all of the toxic debt from european banks onto greek citizens and then given a 30 % reduction in gdp and they are surprised syriza is not thanking them for doing this scam . 
   coherently , wintershall made it clear : the german industry wants stronger ties with russia . 
    `` while most germans are sceptical about the effectiveness of the current economic sanctions against russia , they firmly believe that close economic cooperation with russia can have a positive effect on the political situation , and should be intensified , '' professor manfred g\u00fcllner , founder and managing director of the forsa institute , said in a survey commissioned by wintershall . 
    a majority ( 52 % ) of the 1,000 people interviewed said that germans consider russia to be a reliable economic partner . 
    ` specifically pertaining to natural gas and other energy supplies , russia 's reputation is even more positive : for 56 percent of the german population see russia as a reliable energy supplier . 
  only 40 percent do not see russia as a reliable energy supplier ' wintershall reported . 
   10 billion which should be used to recapitalize greek banks will be used to pay the outstanding installments to the imf and ecb . 
  [ this is the most important part as this is literally the absolute peak of greek debt for half a century ] ( http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/?mod=e2fb ) after this summer is over a much more clear and level-headed negotiation can take place , so this is likely the best solution . 
  get past this summer and have a much better discussion and long-term plan . 
  oecd is one of the most respected organization on earth , i do n't see why the eu would be offended by this . 
  also the `` bailout money '' has never been spent on greece and never will . 
  since the 2011 bailout 92 % of bailout money never entered greece , and was simply circulated into northern banking institutions to cover their losses and put up a firewall around a potential grexit . 
  this current negotiation for the remaining 7 billion euros of the 2011 agreement will go directly back to the eu when greece has to pay 7-8 billion in debt in 30 days between july 19-august 19 . 
  this is not about spending `` bailout money '' since that is impossible , it is about reforms which the troika are demanding . 
  greece did the most harshest `` austerity '' of any country , going from -15 % deficit to 1 % surplus in less than 3 years . 
  ranked # 1 in reforms by oecd in 2013/2014 and firing over 300,000 public servants is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  the previous government followed every single reform and went beyond what the troika asked , the problem is that without a debt restructuring it was pointless and now were are in the current situation . 
  ancient greeks were described as dark skinned compared to the persians , i never understood nordics obsession trying to take ancient greek history for themselves . 
  greece is sponsoring both the russian pipeline and the pro-west azerbaijan pipeline tap . 
  believe it or not it is not really about aligning on one side of another but about investment and job creation . 
  greece had a dictator post civil war for over 20 years . 
  both countries had it shit for a long time ,, 
  that is not the point really , the point is that there is no real plan for future growth . 
  if syriza has a choice between signing a paper that continues the policies which lead to no growth and perpetual economic depression or instead getting economic independence with its own currency which do you think it would take ? 
   recipient of marshall plan to help them kick start the economy after the ww2 all that money was used to by ammo and military equipment for the civil war which caused more damage to the country than ww2 did , it was the first proxy war of the cold war and greece did n't even begin to recover from the civil war until the 1980 's . 
  do you think after ww2 there was some period of peace or something ? 
  greece had around a 5x worse crisis than the worse of any of the countries . 
  a 30 % reduction in economy is worse than the american great depression and usa was already rapidly growing 5-6 years after the crash where greece is still in the worst of it . 
  the reason greece wo n't sign a deal which continues austerity policy is because there is no trust that it would work after imf promised that signing the 2011 bailout deal would cause a 5 % retraction in the economy but lower the gdp/debt but in reality the economy shrank 30 % and the gdp/debt rose to 170 % . 
  the athens airport is still greek state owned as are all the regional airports . 
  there is currently negotiations to partly sell 14 regional airports to german state owned fraport in a public-private deal . 
  there is also a deal with cosco for majority stake in piraeus port , and this comes with billions of euros worth of investments since china plans to use it as their european/african logistcal headquarters . 
  the only privitizations i am against are water and energy infrastructure , there is nothing wrong with making good deals to bring investments as long as the locals/state get benefit from it . 
  firstly , greece hasnt received any funds since august 2014 and the last 12 months is the `` peak debt '' of greece for the next 5 decades , which syriza has been paying all its dues and running a balanced budget . 
  the eu/imf seem not to be taking this into consideration which causes tensions in negotiations . 
  syriza agrees to the `` medicine '' basically their version of `` austerity-lite '' to bring the country to growth and keep a budget surplus , but creditors are asking for more deep austerity while asking for impossible demands . 
  both sides will likely meet in the middle somewhere since everything is not black and white and you are putting it . 
  edit : also to the `` wastes everything '' , 92 % of bailout money never entered greece nor was able to be used by greek governments . 
  it was circulated into european banking institutions to cover their losses . 
   mr tsipras will be attending the st petersburg economic forum he is likely there to sign the gas deal with russia for the upcoming pipeline that goes through northern greece, 
  syriza mainly blames the previous governments , if you actually listen to what they say . 
  they just created a parliamentary commitee with [ this angry lady ] ( http://i.ytimg.com/vi/zcptnhw5p-8/0.jpg ) as the head , their job is to hunt down any information which led to the bailouts and if there was any wrongdoing or neglect and to prosecute ex-politicians who profited from any of the deals . 
   all greek assets were sold to foreign corporations what ? 
  barely anything was because syriza got in power just before major privitizations were to take place . 
  the only thing that got sold form what i know is some real estate but not that much . 
  the previous government was planning to sell all of the energy and water infrastructure to foreigners which they would have doubled the price to consumers but syriza got in power before they could go with their plans . 
  the current minister of privatization is probably the most radical member of syriza also . 
  it is not greece vs everyone , you keep forgetting that there are two greece 's in the eu with cyprus . 
  the only legal procedure to suspend membership which is the most drastic action requires a unanimous vote which will never happen , that is all . 
   and in the best case have it 's membership suspended that requires a unanimous vote which would never happen, 
   they mainly bombed the air-defence systems and armoured units . 
  they bombed gadafi 's convoy as he was escaping libya , he possibly could have salvaged the country if he had lived . 
  that is why russia went `` all-in '' and backed assad against uk/us/french regional interests . 
  there was an agreement between putin and eu about libya that they could set up a no-fly zone but could not directly impact the ground with targeted air-strikes . 
  putin was apparently infuriated and now we have a continent wide problem . 
  you keep assuming that the libyan situation is done and over with and that it hasnt turned into syria so all is well . 
  the libyan war has barely just begun , it is going to be a slow burner and within the next 5-10 years it will look like syria if not worse . 
   isis would have joined the party isis has complete territorial control of gadaffi 's hometown region and coastal towns . 
  based italia, 
  considering greece has some of the best quality food products on earth if not the best , it doesnt make much sense is what i think he meant but dont know for sure . 
  did he live ? 
  i do n't see the point of getting rid of leo 1 's , 2-3 leo 1 's in a small camp , under a mountain of dirt and sandbags is just as lethal as a leo 2 , unless i am missing something ? 
  modern tanks are great for search and destroy missions and urban warfare due to modern sensors , but in trench warfare scenario they are basically the same thing . 
  the only issue in that list are the g3 's , but it should be helped if greece goes through with building the kalshnikov manufacturing base . 
  those leo 1 's and artillery are still just as brutal as ever , but they are only useful in entrenched positions which is the overall greek military strategy anyway . 
  most of it isnt unless you consider leo 2a4/a6 and f-16 block 52 + outdated which is the majority of the heavy/expensive stuff . 
  this is the most likely scenario, 
  i think you need your head checked after that idiotic post, 
  the biggest structural problem with greek economy is the euro . 
  with this currency greece has to compete with every single country in teh eurozone for investments which is ridicilous , so i agree that going back to the drachma is the best long-term option . 
  as to why greece is not growing economy at this very moment , since negotiations began in january when syriza was elected there has been a massive capital flights out of greece and foreign investments have been on hold until after negotiations are finished . 
  basically greece is in a coma right now due to these negotiations , which of course only helps the troika during these cut-throat negotiations . 
  greece should have never been in the eurozone , it was never voted for by the people and was the biggest mistake greece made post ww2 but you ca n't do much now then to make it right and go back to the drachma . 
  my only hope is that syriza is playing hardball as they prepare for return to drachma and closer ties with russia/china/bric 's . 
  no they are not trying to `` weasel out '' , what in the hell is your propaganda in germany even showing you ? 
  what syriza is after , is something they say alot , a `` deal-solution '' , not something to `` weasel '' out of debt . 
  a deal that can bring greece into growth for good , this includes a primary surplus `` forever '' and does not even include a debt re-structuring which syriza is not attempting to get any longer . 
  the fact is that summer of 2015 is the `` peak debt '' for greece of the next 5 decades . 
  which ofcourse to the troika is the perfect time to hold intense throat-cutting negotiations with greece , and trying to force them to further austerity and economic depression . 
  after summer 2015 interest rates climb drastically down and it becomes more sustainable , within 2-3 years the debt payments greece is required to pay climb down to around 20-25 % of the amount greece has already payed in 2015 . 
  basically the current negotiations are being held during greece 's peak debt and the squabbling is over a few billion euros , and both sides know that the next 2 months is the worst time for greece and after that it becomes much more sustainable . 
  playing hardball is why syriza was elected , the previous greek government signed agreements they did not fully understand and it brought greece to the current situation . 
  greece was going to require a 3rd bailout in summer 2015 , possibly in the amount of 100-200 billion euros . 
  the reason syriza was voted was to prevent this from happening , how hard is that to understand ? 
  sure there was positive signs in 2014 , but there was no way new democracy was going to manage to get past the peak debt of summer 2015 without a 3rd bailout .
