  some historians , such as john keegan , argue that it may have influenced the course of the entire war by forcing germany to postpone the invasion of the soviet union in order to assist italy against greece . 
  the delay meant that the german forces invading the soviet union had not attained their objectives for that year before the harsh russian winter , leading to their defeat at the battle of moscow, 
  no , i want us to stop instigating russia , all the chickenhawks in us like mccain are calling for radical moves against russia at the eu 's expense , since eu/russia will suffer the most and usa does n't . 
  [ the eu is being used by the usa to start conflict with russia as explained here with a non-biased source ] ( http://youtu.be/ue9julgc42o?t=3m10s ) lets say that russia invited mexico into the russian customs union . 
  what do you think usa 's reaction would be ? 
  this whole thing has been orchestrated to create this current situation , because everyone in us government knew that russia would do this . 
  [ they have a 1,000 year history of going to war to gain enough land to create `` buffer states '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he6rsljtwdu ), 
  us government are the ultimate hypocrites in every way possible . 
  they do exactly what russian does , intense propaganda/oligarchy/invasions / aggressive expansion/etc but they do it in an absolute genius way where people see them as the good guys and the others as the `` axis of evil '' . 
  i am not going to get into it since most do n't give a shit but the fact that us went to war against al-qaeda for a decade and now are fighting a secular government in syria who are also fighting against aq . . just shows how malevolent and shady they are . 
  maybe when us stops supporting saudi arabia , al-qaeda and other terrorists and trying to instigate fights with russia , i will change my mind . 
  sun for greece , `` helios '', 
  i do n't think most greeks even knew a place in yugoslavia called macedonia existed , it was simply known as yugoslavia and the only thing most greeks knew about them is that they had a great basketball team . 
  the naming dispute only came about when those idiots decided to transform themselves overnight into the direct lineage of alexander the great , even though they arrived in their shithole territory 1,000 years after his death and their land was inhabited by the enemies of macedonia ( and they still are . 
  ironic ) also , fyi greeks have lowest private ( family ) debt in western world  and highest percentage of home owners . 
  now go back to reading about your glorious fake history skopian, 
  its weird that the `` least miserable '' nations on this list all have the highest rates of suicide on earth and highest usage of anti-depressants . 
  from what i understand the greatest warriors of the ottoman empire were greeks who had been kidnapped at birth , the janisaries . 
  i think the law was that for ever 4-5 children by a greek family , 1 child must be given as an offering to the empire . 
  it 's kind of a weird feeling knowing that we had bad ass greeks in the ottoman empire, 
  honestly you are not half wrong . 
  the greeks lost alot of their pride during ottoman occupation . 
  basically our entire existence during ottoman times revolved around the church , 24/7 the church was everything . 
  in a way it was a good thing because the church is what preserved our language , community and race but also a bad thing because almost all our culture outside the church was forgotten . 
  after our freedom there certainly was a large resurgence of `` greek pride '' and it led to balkan wars and now into the modern age . 
  thank you for supporting greece in this thread , it seems that europeans , especially scandanavians , are so radically politically correct that they fell that history is not important and that anything people want today , no matter historical truth , should be law . 
  in the end . 
  . those are with greece on this issue are our allies , all those against us on this issue are our enemies . 
  and for the record , i have lost an incredibly amount of respect for the supposed `` greece-russian '' brotherhood considering their stance on this issue . 
  they never accomplished much besides getting decimated by greece until papa germany came to save them, 
  albanians are 30 % of the country and turks 10 % of the country for around 40 % total with other groups also . 
  the country of fyrom only consists of around 50-55 % `` macedonians '' . 
  which is pretty embarassing considering there are twice as many greeks who identify as macedonian in the historical greek region of macedonia . 
  albanians gain around 5 % of the population every 10 years . 
  by 2030-2050 latest there will be majority albanian and they will simply take the country . 
  if fyrom werent such traitorous bastards to the greeks we could have been great allies and we would save them from this upcoming doom . 
  now we will watch with pleasure . 
  you do not see the billions of gallons of toxic chemicals and waste being poured deep into the ground with that picture . 
  you think greece feared yugoslavia or something !, 
  that is pretty hilarious . 
  you realize that greece has spent 300 billion in the last 30 years on military spending right ? 
  because we are prepared to take on a much larger enemy than yugoslav ever was . 
  they made their decision when they tried to erase greek history there is a price to pay for that . 
  and they will be lucky if they still exist as a country soon, 
  nice half-truths there . 
  this is not about `` countries '' but about greek culture and macedonia culture was 100 % greek and they united all the greeks against rome for hundreds of years until the fall of makedon in 148 bc . 
  during byzantine era the macedonians were one of the most powerful regions of greece and macedonian byzantine ruler was responsible for spreading greek-orthodox to russia and serbia . 
  also someone `` sorta '' hellenic doesnt march thousands of miles to spread hellenic culture because they were `` sorta '' hellenic . 
  fyrom will never be in eu or nato, 
  if by ancient greeks you mean ancient athenians then you are absolutely correct . 
  the athenians viewed the macedonians as greek sub-humans for their lack of education and way of life . 
  after alexanders death the entire greek way of life centered around makedon as the macedonians monarchy ruled greece for 250 years and through 4 major wars against the romans, 
  the macedonians who spoke greek , followed greek religion , took part of greek olympics and delphi pilgrimage was not greek ? 
  thats seriously your rebuttal ? 
  this claim has been made many times because of `` cherry-picking '' quotes from athenian philosophers . 
  the athenians and macedonians were absolute enemies and the athenians viewed the macedonians as greek sub-humans because of their lack of education . 
  king philip simply took power in greece and his son followed but . 
  the life of philip/alexander was not the beginning and end of the macedonians . 
  after alexanders death the macedonian monarchy absolutely dominated greece and the greek way of life ( education/arts/sports / religion ) centered around thessaloniki , greece for over 250 years !, 
  the macedonians led all the greeks into 4 epic wars against the romans !, 
  four fucking major wars . 
  when makedon fell in 148 bc this is the historical date of the fall of greece . 
  during this post-makedon period the greeks assimilated into a common culture instead of being separated by city-state allegiances . 
  macedonian history is greek history . . and no amount of revisionist history will change that in the end all we have to do is wait for fyrom to destroy itself . . a country built on false history and false people will not last long in this brutal world we live in . 
  now go back to reading your bullshit propaganda skopian . 
  the pipelines are not propaganda , it is already in the works by major players of the politics/oil industry . 
  the gas findings is still being explored , which is why i do not give a firm number . 
  but from reports that are coming out from the crete university geologists working in crete waters only and the norweigan explorers working in 20,000 square kilometers of greek waters there are already very postitive signs which is why the greek geologists said minimum of 1 trillion around crete alone and the norweigans asked to double their research as they found some early signs of massive gas fields . 
  with a minimum of 1 trillion + 3 pipelines it will change everything . 
  the only problem is that we will not get a single net benefit from these things until 2020-2022 earliest . 
  found an anti-semite !, 
  edit : / sarcasm, 
  honestly `` you people '' do the same with samaras , you expect him to turn the economy around after 2-3 years ( which he has . 
  . but not into germany level ) and still hate him for it . 
  yes . 
  we can only hope your hero tsipras saves the day, 
  only people with no culture of their own who say things like that . 
  i was n't trying to imply that the ere was a greek country , since you are correct the ere territory included many countries that you listed . 
  i was simply trying to say that during the ere the greeks had control of their own territory ( modern greece ) and not the romans all the way in rome which was destroyed . 
  i usually get down voted to hell when i post anything natural gas/pipelines related to greece , i still have n't understood why, 
  i 'm sure your turk boyfriend would love it, 
  the macedonians ceased to exist in 148 bc when makedon fell and marked the fall of greece to the romans . 
  a new greek identity arised from the fall of greece where instead of city-state allegiances ( athens/sparta/makedon / thebes/etc ) the greeks identified as a common people . 
  these new greeks led the byzantine empire after the fall of rome and their ethnicity during this time became inter-twined with greek-orthodoxy . 
  the modern day people of fyrom came to the area north of greece around 1,000 years after the fall of makedon to the romans . 
  by this time , the greeks were an assimilated culture . 
  not macedonians . 
  it is like comparing china to british . 
  read up on balkan wars 1 & 2 . 
  the greeks reclaimed their entire country from the squatters . 
  greek independence war was only the beginning . 
  they will never enter the eu or nato . 
  understand this and go from there . 
  well they still call themselves macedonia without having even 1 % of ancient greek macedonian territory . 
  so it would not be much of a stretch . 
  they absolutely were , but the combination of the spartans + the plague absolutely decimated their power . 
  the spartans had a brutal decade long war with the athenians in a siege like fashion . 
  the spartans would even throw dead plague-ridden bodies over the citys walls . 
  by the time the athenians could walk on their feet again after this war , the macedonians led by one of the greatest military thinkers in history , king philip , took his opportunity and took greece . 
  the slavs did not move into greece anywhere near when the macedonians existed as a people , this is the entire argument .
