  i know it was a joke , but it was still an interesting comment i wanted to respond to , 
  using the `` poison '' is a far far ** far ** cheaper option . 
  that is why nearly everyone else uses it , especially poorer countries . 
  greeks have an extremely high standard for their food products , this is why monsanto/gmo is 100 % banned in greece and why everything is organic at the expense of pure profit margins . 
  for example , greece has been fighting in the eu to label all food products in the eu as organic and put the country of origin . 
  the reason is because greek food producers are losing money to the fact that nobody understands the difference between organic and non-organic foods since they are not labeled . 
  for example , greek honey is by far the highest quality honey on the entire planet . 
  . yet they are losing money to inferior shitty chinese honey imported by the tonnage and nobody would know the difference since chinese honey can not be labeled as gmo honey and not required to be labeled as chinese . 
  so you will get a northern european country import this shitty chinese honey and then put on a european country flag on it to make it seem local . 
  that is horrific, 
  greece has been spending on average 5-10 % of gdp on military since the cyprus invasion . 
  that is over 30 years of continous military spending and that is why we are ranked 9th in the [ global militarization index ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_global_militarization_index ) military budget has gone down a bit alongside gdp reduction since the crisis hit but we are still one of the biggest spenders of military gear in europe there is a reason we have the 3rd best tank force on earth ( 500 leo 2 a6 +500 leo 2 a4 ) + in the top 5 ranked air-force pilots on earth and a modernized special forces divisions of different types . 
  i have only seen a handful of females dye their hair blonde . 
  how is that `` everybody '' ? 
  i think that is just female obsession with fashion/trends . 
  if there is any feelings of `` inferiority '' towards northerners , it is aimed at things like economy and products like mercedes/bmw or better government . 
  disband nato form eu military and defense, 
  go ahead and try it, 
  greece controls 40-45 % of world 's shipping vessels . 
  china controls around 30-40 % of worlds shipping vessels . 
  china has chosen greece to be its `` gateway into europe '' . 
  . the worlds biggest shipping company cosco ( chinese state shipping ) brought 66 % stake in piraeus harbor and thessaloniki harbor . 
  piraeus and thessaloniki shipping ports in greece will be the location of the entry point of chinese goods into europe . 
  when they reach greece . 
  . greece will then use its own shipping fleet to bring these goods to the rest of europe and also north/south america and africa . 
  the chinese prime minister said these two ports will be `` the most competetive in the world '' . 
  . and i believe him . 
  this is a joint partnership between the worlds two biggest shipping countries and will transform greece into the eu 's `` shipping hub '' . 
  energy hub greece after nearly a decade of backroom negotations and talks managed to get 3 pipelines `` green-lighted '' with eu support . 
  these pipelines are the tap ( azerbaijan  greece ) the biggest of all 3 pipelines and will provide the eu with around 20-25 % of all gas needs for the next century . 
  this pipeline will be fully operational in 2020-2022 . 
  the emp ( israel/cyprus  greece ) - this pipeline will connect greece to the leviathian gas basin of israel and cyprus . 
  . this pipeline is expected to provide around 15-20 % of all eu 's gas needs for the next century and will be fully operational in 2020-2022 . and the igb ( greece  bulgaria/romania ) this pipeline is mainly a strategic pipeline by greece to provide the balkans with greek gas and to stop dependence on russian gas in these areas . 
  this pipeline will be complete around early 2015 . 
  in the first 2-3 years until greece is fully utiliizing the aegan/ionian sea gas reserves ( 10-20 trillion $ ) . 
  greece is buying algerian gas at wholesale prices and then using this gas to sell to romania/bulgaria through the igb pipeline . 
  around 2018 all this gas will be replaced with aegean sea gas and be pure profit for greece . 
  so these 3 pipelines + aegean/ionian sea gas exploitation will make greece an energy hub . 
  but will not be fully full speed until around 2020-2022, 
  i just copy/pasted this from another thread in a war subreddit , no offense, 
  ship them off to cyprus, 
  putin, 
  i should maybe put it 35-40, 
  for under-30 's it is hell living in a small village for over-30 's it is paradise, 
  ban nude beaches to anyone over 40, 
  well i admit i was wrong in saying that tens of thousands have already been created . 
  thousands have been but `` tens '' of thousands will will take at least another 5 to 10 years . 
  and i do not mean that all these jobs will be created in the shipping sector . 
  by tens of thousands i mean that a few thousand possibly up to 10,000 jobs will be created in the piraeus/thessaloniki harbor upgrades . 
  these thousands of new middle class/upper middle class workers will support the local communities and create jobs in food/service sectors and other small businesses . 
  i do not think you fully understand the magnitude of this new chinese cosco - greek shipping partnership . 
  the worlds two biggest shipping countries . 
  greece ( 40-45 % of worlds shipping vessels ) and china ( 30-40 % worlds shipping vessels ) are combining efforts to make piraeus and thessaloniki the shipping hub of the entire continent . 
  this is a very big fucking deal . 
  i am sorry you are angry at something samaras has done successfully . 
  it goes against your tsipras worship, 
  ap - june 20 , 2014 - [ eighty percent of china 's import and export trade with europe is done by sea , and the use of piraeus has reduced the average trip via the suez canal by between seven and 11 days , li said , adding that the cosco project has created thousands of jobs for greeks . 
  ] ( http://bigstory.ap.org/article/chinese-pm-visits-investment-major-greek-port ) chinese state tv - june 21 , 2014 - [ china and greece have achieved mutual benefits and win-win results in cooperation on the pct , li said , detailing that the project has added thousands of jobs to the southern european country , and that its management is as good as that of any advanced port in the world . 
  ] ( http://english.cntv.cn/2014/06/21/arti1403308168830778.shtml ) alongside the thousands of jobs created by the piraeus deal - thousands more have been made in the local communities around the shipping harbor as money pours in . 
  the same will be done in thessaloniki harbor . 
  . so my statement of `` tens of thousands '' is factually correct . 
  ( not all right now in 2014 but by 2018 ) but ofcourse you would know more then associated press and chinese state tv . 
  you are like a pitbull when it comes to anything remotely positive about greece . 
  but that is to be expected from a cypriot redneck . 
  now go back to sucking on your savior 's tsipras testicles . 
  considering that tens of thousands of jobs have already been created and tens of thousands more will be created with the thessaloniki harbor deal . 
  i would say the workers feel it has `` trickled '' down pretty effectively . 
  besides the actual jobs at the harbor itself which is very nice . 
  the greatest benefit between these deals is a massive exponential increase in chinese-greek import/export . 
  alongside the deals last week when the chinese prime minister visited for the thessaloniki harbor deal . 
  the chinese pm signed multi-billion euro contracts for greek exports of organic food such as wine/cheese/olive oil/fruits/veggies / etc marble and other minerals and possibly other things . 
  alongside this the tourism minister negotiated to massively boost chinese tourism to greece which is slowly becoming a very popular destination for chinese tourists . 
  the fact that greece will become `` gateway of europe for china '' and `` most competitve port in the world '' ( chinese pm words ) . 
  will likely come with tons of benefits for cheap goods for greek consumers and will greatly help greek shipping sector and many more things . 
  tourism is great , and i trust our tourism minister more than pretty much any other politician in greece and her pledge to increase tourism 10 % every year . 
  but , greece is transforming into the eu 's shipping & energy hub which will do far greater long-term effects for the economic recovery . 
   edit : this month the confederation of greek tourism enterprises ( sete ) revised its projections for the second time this year -- from 18.5 million to 19 million arrivals ( excluding 2.2 million on cruise ships ) - nearly twice the greek population . 
  that is great news, 
   `` why is the eu so hesitant with sanctions ? 
  in the political berlin , well informed sources are intentionally circulating/leaking as rumors ( to provoke a reaction ) , that high-level russian diplomats are openly threatening , that in the case of serious sanctions , russia would feel completely free and so would do a full blown invasion of ukraine . 
  if that 's true , it would explain some things . '', 
  it has been proven in university studies that diversity/multiculturalism destroys communities . 
  people who live in very diverse areas do not trust their neighbors . 
  . let alone the local politicians . 
  they do not vote or really participate in anything , they form a hardened shell with only like-minded indiviuals trusted . 
  what you are trying to put your finger on is the fact that this multicultural ideology to flood european homogenous areas with non-europeans . 
  . is in fact destroying society , destroying community , destroying friendliness and entire cities . 
  the deals made last week took place after a similair meeting a year earlier in 2013 . 
  in 2013 greece sold 66 % stake in a piece of piraeus shipping harbor , since that deal was made the chinese have tripled the containers already in less than a year being shipped and have invested nearly 300 million dollars in upgrading the harbor to handle much more . 
  this was just an upgrade in our economic relations and a deal to do a similar deal with thessaloniki harbor in northern greece, 
  hah  i like banter like that . 
  not the stuff ashihna says , which goes over the line . 
  i know what he said , and he is absolutely wrong, 
  the biggest pipeline the tap ( azerbaijan  greece ) which will provide eu with 15-25 % of all gas needs for the next century . 
  was in a competition between greece vs albania/fyrom . 
  the only reason that greece won the bid for the pipeline was because of the eu membership , that is it . 
  the chinese-greek deal for athens/thessaloniki harbor will transform these two shipping hubs as the `` most competetive in the world '' ( chinese pm own words ) . 
  this will not only create at least 100-200 ,000 jobs in the shipping sector but it has created a massive chinese/greek economic partnership on multiple levels that will create hundreds of thousands of other jobs in other sectors . 
  for example , during the signing of a number of deals last week between greek and chinese prime ministers , greece signed a multi-billion euro deal to export greek organic foods and wine/cheese/olives / etc to china . 
  . and also signed deals to exponentially increase chinese tourists to greece , a vast untapped market with potential of 5-10 million chinese tourists a year by 2030 .
