  would you have been happier with an eu lapdog party like new democracy who followed orders but took a 3rd bailout or do you think its worse to have a rebellious party like syriza who plays hard-ball but will never take another bailout ? 
  the main issue right now is that syriza is trying to agree to a `` austerity-lite '' solution while the troika is still demanding the same old 2011 austerity which destroyed greece 's economy by 30 % . 
  the main point of 2011 austerity agreement was that greece had to turn its -15 % deficit into a surplus . 
  this was done in 2013/2014 which was a great thing . 
  now in this current negotiations the syriza negotiators have agreed to keep a 1 % surplus `` forever '' according to varoufakis . 
  this means no more deficits , ever again which was the entire point of austerity to begin with . 
  that is why i do n't understand the current hard-line of troika . 
  syriza has already agreed to keep a surplus and to reform , but for some reason it is still not good enough , but it is impossible to know why exactly since nobody knows what goes on in those backroom meetings . 
  grecko2k is not role-playing as a country , you idiot . 
  no they were n't , greece was in a complete free-fall in deflationary spiral in 2014 and 2015 before syriza . 
  there was a report recently that the reason elections were held is because new democracy did not have any cash reserves for february so there had to be snap elections . 
  new democracy had no other plan than to sign a massive 100-200 billion euro bailout in summer 2015 . 
  syriza have made it a part of their core principals to never accept mroe bailouts . 
  so syriza = evil for not accepting bailouts , but new democracy is fine to you because they were ready to accept more bailouts . 
  . i do n't understand that logic . 
  no you do n't understand . 
  yes what made greek debt large in the first place was the 15 % deficit , you are correct there . 
  what the troika proposed in 2009-2010 in the first bailout was that greece 's 140 % gdp/debt ratio would climb down if it signed the bailout agreement and all would be fine . 
  imf promised that the worst that would happen was a 5 % reduction in economy but nothing worse . 
  in reality the denominator , the gdp fell thirty percent , which is unheard of since the american great depression . 
  so instead of gdp/debt going down to sustainable level after greece signed the bailout it climbed to 170 % !, 
  it got worse , not better from signing the bailout because the gdp fell by 30 % , the denominator of the gdp/debt ratio got destroyed and shrunk , thus the debt/gdp went from 130 % to 170 % . 
  greece followed everything the troika did , and got into a worse situation . 
  there is absolutely no trust that signing any agreement with eu/imf now would make things better , at all . 
  there is simply no trust . 
  greece got around 3-5x worse austerity than spain/portugal , you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  also it is not fair that greece is being held at gunpoint to sign on the dotted line in the middle of a 60 day period which is the peak of debt for the next 5 decades . 
  if merkel/hollande/juncker had any morals they would post-pone the 8 billion ecb debt greece has to pay within 30 days this summer to next year or two so negotiations can be held in a less critical nature . 
  it does actually , economic theorems are viewed like scientific theory 's in intellecual field although it should not be . 
  all these economic models that are viewed as science use empircall evidence based on a set of values that are pre-determined and hard-coded into the theorem but reality is chaos , you ca n't mold an economic theory and base it off reality because reality is pure chaos and thus should not be used as proof of economic `` scientific '' theory 's . 
  basically capitalism only works not because of theories but it is the only economic standard that can withstand the chaos of reality . 
  russia/china are offering something much better than a bailout . 
  instead of loans + austerity which destroyed the economy by 30 % . 
  russia/china will invite greece to the bric 's bank and help it with tens of billions of investments and growth . 
  greece and russia are building pipeline infrastructure worth 10 billion together and greece-china are working on the silk road project , with greek ports/railway networks being a major part of this . 
  instead of being beat down by debt payments and fiscal waterboarding like eu is doing to greece , russia/china are offering something eu should have done . 
  investments and growth, 
  that is the entire point of current mess , greece should have never entered the eurozone . 
  the problem is that leaving it now has unknown consequences , although i am 100 % for returning to the drachma i still hope a solution can be found . 
  july/august is the peak debt of greek debt for the next 50-60 years . 
  after that it will be a lot clearer of what is possible for greece to do . 
  what syriza wants to do is to re-organize the 7-8 billion of debt due to the ecb in july/august so that absolute peak can come down a bit to make it more managable . 
  over the next 1-2 years the debt gets cut in half compared to 2014/2015 , and for example in 2019 the debt is barely 20-25 % of the amount for 2015 , so there is a massive reduction of interest rates once this summer is over . 
   however , if they were to be kicked out of the euro then the eu would be pressed to also kick them out of the eu altogether greece wo n't be leaving the eu regardless . 
  firstly the only legal , as in the eu official law that allows an exit from the eu is willingly like uk might plan to do . 
  the only other thing is to `` suspend '' membership for violation of eu law , but that requires a unanimous vote which of course cyprus would veto . 
  theoritcally if a country was unanimously `` suspended '' it would still be in the eu , only in an in-between state , but that wo n't happen to greece for a number of reasons . 
  one of which is that the eu needs greece more than vice versa for geo-political reasons . 
  without greece/cyprus eu/nato looses complete control of the eastern mediterannean and their most important strategic bases , so it wo n't ever happen . 
  greece was the weakest part of the euro in 2007-2008 and was the first to fall out of the markets when the crash happened , thus it took the largest and biggest hit of the crisis , with around a 30 % reduction in economy , overall around 3-5x worse than spain/portugal which was not hit as hard . 
   nope , they have n't . 
  from what i have read they have . 
  the cosco shipping deal has a 300 million euro minimum investment agreement that was recenly put into the deal . 
  the airport deal currently has a similair clause from what i have read recently but the deal is still being worked on . 
  and they are trying to make it a public-priviate partnership instead of selling it all to fraport . 
  all the privitization in the future will be private-public partnership according to lafazanis , who is in charge of privitizations . 
  water/energy are the hard red lines and wo n't be crossed , lafazanis is very extreme about this stance and has made a ton of quotes regarding this . 
  there is no reason to believe they will `` see its merits '', 
  the only airport deal in the works is the 14 regional airport deal to german state owned fraport for 1 billion which includes many investments , there is none other that i know of . 
  this airport deal is fairly controversial but it is not a `` red line '' , the only red lines syriza have set for privitizations are energy and water corporations/infrastructure . 
  i have no problem with giving favorable privitizaton deals such as the fraport deal or the cosco container shipping terminal deal because all of the agreements have been re-worked with minimum investment clauses and stipulations . 
  the only thing i am 100 % against and so is the minister of privitizations is selling off water and energy infrastructure , because that just makes no sense . 
  they have agreed to strategic investments in public-private partnerships but have blocked all privatizations of water and energy sectors which the previous government was close to completing . 
  usa did 10000x worse than uk , uk fucked up 100 + years ago when they carved up the borders without any respect to cultural and religious divides . 
  . so sure you can take part of the blame , but there was relative peace there for over 100 + years . 
  then usa came along and they had some random guy say iraq had chemical weapons and now they replaced saddam with isis . 
  all these uk muslims are not going to random middle east countries , they are going directly to isis which is 100 % the fault of usa . 
  the entire original core of isis was created in american prisons in iraq by angry prisoners who vowed revenge for example . 
  i do n't think you understand why syriza was elected . 
  [ there is a great depression in greece , that is even worse than the one in 1920 's usa . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qivuzd6.png ) the previous government were considered corrupt lackeys and fools who signed agreements they did not fully understand . 
  syriza was voted because they are seen as technocrats who are willing to actually negotiate . 
  greece has dodged a bullet by kicking out the previous government as they were ready to sign further agreements to sell off the country state assets for basically free to get another loan . 
  . which would have to be payed with interest in the future and would lead to further austerity and privatizations . 
  [ they did ] ( http://www.tovima.gr/en/article/?aid=710467 ) , my best guess is that it did not include as much `` privitizations '' as they hoped for thus it was scrapped . 
  [ the full 47 page proposal ] ( http://www.in.gr/files/1/2015/06/04/267653823-greece-staff-level-agreement-proposal-3-6-2015.pdf ), 
  syriza is not trying to get more money , this is a common misunderstanding from propaganda . 
  the 7-8 billion euros is the final 7-8 billion euros from the 2011 agreement . 
  it can only be released after a review of the 2011 bailout is complete which is the current negotiations . 
  considering greece followed the austerity measures and in most cases over-did them under the previous government and the fact that the entire 7-8 billion euros will go directly back to the eu when greece has to pay back the eu 7 billion in 30 days between july 19 and august 19 , i do n't understand why eu/imf are being incredibly firm in the negotiations . 
  the only explanation is that the eu/imf had planned all along to stack debt re-payment in the summer of 2015 which is the `` peak '' of greek debt for the next 5 decades and when greece was as its weakest position , the 3rd bailout would be agreed too . 
  there is nothing eu/imf wants more than for greece to sign a 3rd bailout and receive another 150-200 billion euros in loans . 
  this was the plan under the previous government and there were already 3rd bailout negotiations as early as summer of 2014 . 
  the 3rd bailout would have sold off all of greece 's state assets including energy , water , real estate , etc for `` peanuts '' , which i assume was the plan until syriza came and stopped it from happening . 
  considering the motives of the eu/imf , their past ( imf in south america ) , and present and their 3rd bailout plans to destroy greece i think it is time greece leaves the eurozone and forges stronger ties with russia/china , joining the bric 's development bank , which will likely happen anyway next month and never again make dealings with eu/imf lenders again . 
  what syriza is trying to negotiate for is `` austerity-lite '' , compared to eu/imf who are demanding still now the harshest form of austerity which has crippled greece . 
  if eu/imf do n't accept the austerity-lite proposal then the only way forward will be to go back to drachma and follow the proposed syriza austerity measures . 
  not at all , isis is pushing on 7 different fronts in iraq/syria and just took one of iraq 's biggest cities . 
  they lost a tiny bit of land in their fight in kobane but only because of massive nato bombing campaign against them . 
  and still very little losses and kobane is still surrounded by isis . 
  last month the largest islamic militant organization in africa , boko haram pledged allegiance to isis , so now isis will likely capture half of nigeria eventually . 
  only a small percentage are libyans , most of them are sub-saharan africans and syrians . 
  isis is now spreading deep into nigeria , yemen , iraq , syria and now has a force of 100,000 + soldiers being conservative , so these migrations will be getting much worse . 
  i expect 2-3 million a year to be entering europe by 2020 . 
  i dont think this deal would mean abandoning nato standard weapons , only added to the arsenal . 
  the current g3 rifles are also outdated and sub-par and this deal is needed to acquire better quality rifles . 
  also this will add lots of manufacturing jobs . 
   the greek government has to make a decision until august . 
  according to the report , what might be a determining factor is that kalashnikov rifles were given to the greek navy seals to test and their response was enthusiastic . 
  is europe a giant refugee camp then ?
