  top 10 birth rates from islamic countries . 
  uk citizens being beheaded on the streets . . sharia courts in uk . 
  isis radicals spreading . 
  sharia zones . 
  greece is one of the few countries in europe with a bright future if you are intelligent enough to understand long-term social and economic trends . 
  look at your post for gods-sake . 
  you can almost see the islamic pride already in your soul , 
  alexandroski the greatski * please use the proper slavic endings for the great slavic leader alexandroski aristotloski of skopje himself said `` god is orthodox , and he is slavic '', 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  and what truth ? 
  like has been said before a thousand times on this subreddit . 
  a redditor here does not represent the voice of all its citizens . 
  also , the euro is not being dragged down . 
  it is the most stable currency on earth right now, 
  please do n't bring up costa rica :( i walked out the room defeated the moment i saw that fucking dumb midget gekas step up for a penalty, 
  he had no issues with funding and supporting them when he thought the syrian war would `` be over in months '' ( according to him and `` experts '' ) now that they have gone rogue . 
  he blames everyone but himself and his disastrous foreign policy . 
  . the only thing he has accomplished in the middle east is driving half of them into russia 's arms . 
  i believe so , they do rituals at delphi and other sacred locations, 
  in greece the most obvious would be the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evil_eye you see `` evil eye '' protection bracelets/necklaces/etc on alot of people there are also an estimated 500,000-750 ,000 greek pagans currently in greece here is a bbc article on them - http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-22972610, 
  nazi 's go in and out of fashion . 
  . they are having a resurgance across europe . 
  . so you can not say greece is somehow a nazi country . 
  only the hardcore 1 % members of gd are even nazi 's . 
  most people use them to scare our current government into making more strict immigration laws . 
  yes you do have your shit together . 
  and greece is slowly getting its shit together also ( china-greece partnerships and gas/oil pipeline deals and aegean sea gas ) the economy always goes up and down . 
  . and when it comes to crisis 's this current depression is like a vacation compared to past things greece has gone through . 
  but northern europe is not prepared for what is soon coming to them . 
  this type of crisis will shake the foundation of europe and bring most countries to its knees . 
  and greece will rise out of this mess on top , where historically we have always been ( history repeats itself ) you can downvote me . 
  . but i will save this post for the future when what i predict will happen . 
  . does happen . 
  so die spiegel is lying ? 
  do n't worry about greece , you should worry about the upcoming crisis 's in northern europe  the type that are far far worse than any economic crisis also your link proved me right . 
  greece has the same numbers as germany on retirement . 
  hah , that is amazing  so much propaganda you actually believe what you said is true retirement in greece has never been below 60-65 . 
  corrupt public sector workers who had connections did retire at 50-55 and this was used as `` proof '' for everyone . 
  and why the fuck would greece be grateful ? 
  germany played greece like a fiddle and is laughing all the way to the bank . 
  they bribed greek officials to buy overpriced german military equipment every year for last two decades and got into 250 billion debt because of this . 
  then went debt crisis happened . 
  they give us predatory loans to pay them again for this military equipment with interest . 
  so basically we payed twice for this military equipment . 
  also , before any german blasts me . 
  i am not angry at germany at all . 
  this is simply how the `` game '' works and greece learned some extremely valuable lessons from this experience which has been used to modernize our political system and government . 
  in the future greece will play the role of germany to smaller countries . 
  as the oil/gas money comes floding in around 2020 , we will be the ones selling military gear ( mostly advanced drones/tanks ) and then giving out `` bail-outs ''  ny times - [ germany , passed out bribes liberally , often through greek representatives , to sell the government weaponry that it could ill afford and that experts say was in many cases overpriced and subpar ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/08/world/europe/so-many-bribes-a-greek-official-cant-recall-all.html?_r=2 ) spiegel - [ complicit in corruption : how german companies bribed their way to greek deals - german companies have taken advantage of the system for years in order to secure lucrative deals . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/complicit-in-corruption-how-german-companies-bribed-their-way-to-greek-deals-a-693973.html ) spiegel - [ more arrests : greece makes progress on arms deal corruption - greek prosecutors last week arrested two more people suspected of having taken bribes from german armaments firms during the last decade ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/greece-arrests-two-suspects-in-submarine-bribery-case-a-944446.html ) dw.de - [ german bank bailout fund posts first ever full-year profit ] ( http://www.dw.de/german-bank-bailout-fund-posts-first-ever-full-year-profit/a-16809503 ), 
  im getting downvoted like crazy but its ok . 
   this sub has a major problem with people treating anti-eu posters as representatives of their countries , it has been addressed before but i suppose it is a natural reaction, 
  somebody already asked that , look at my answer, 
  the major benefits is having greek military in the union . 
  the only military that is ready for a complete world war within a moments notice in the eu . 
  where most countries do not even come close to meeting the 2 % military spending required amount for nato membership greece has average between 5-15 % of gdp for military the last 30 years . 
  3rd best tank-force on earth with 1,000 leopard 2 ( 500a6 and 500 a4 ) and capability to build leo 2 a6 on greek soil . . . 
  one of most advanced air-force on earth and main training partners with usa/israel ( google blue flag 2013 - largest training in history ) . 
  1,000,000 soldiers ready , 250,000 paratroopers , 35,000 special forces basically if shit hits the fan . 
  eu needs greece , and not just for its military but also being in the most strategic location in europe for militayr operations . 
  this military is also what caused the current great depression as like i said earlier . 
  we averaged around 5-15 % a year of gdp on military while most countries who are wealthy do not even spend 0.5 % . 
  besides all that . 
  . greece has an estimated 10-20 trillion $ in gas reserves in the aegean sea . 
  3 major pipelines are currently being built to connect israel/cyprus and azerbaijan gas fields to greece . 
  greece will replace russia as the gas hub of eu by around 2020 when both the tap and emp pipelines are fully operational . 
  and most imporantly . 
  . if greece left the eu in 2008 , we would have been forced to allign with russia for security needs . 
  this would mean a dozen russian military bases and 4-5 naval bases in greece with nuclear missiles inside greece . 
  nobody wants that , including greece but it would have happened if greece left . 
  because you made the statement `` then leave '' . 
  a country that has suffered a great depression because of our hope for a better future for eu and greece . 
  if greece would have left it would have been in the fall of 2008 but instead we decided to take the pain and build for the future . 
  do you even realize that greek ppl are probably the most pro eu people in the union ? 
  a random troll with a greek flag is not the spokesperson for 12 million greeks nobody in greece wants to leave eu , there are no parties except golden dawn that are anti-eu . 
  eu needs greece more than vice versa, 
  nothing to do with taxes , 80 % of debt was from military spending also a random day old account is not the spokesperson for greece major issue with this here imo, 
  it 's not a myth ... stalin himself said the 3 month delay of operation barbarossa due to greece was the reason the soviets could mount their defense . 
  operation barbarossa was planned for march but was pushed back to late june because of italy 's failure to capture greece . 
  ** `` frenchman '' **, 
  and then after they celebrated by getting piss drunk on cheap booze and went home to beat their kids, 
  fact : the main reason greek under-40 's have such a high percentage of english speaking/listening ( mostly listening and understanding ) is because of subtitles on everything . 
  my friend for example learned english so well from being obsessed with game of thrones + subs that he ended reading the damn book !, 
  no , at least they get results, 
  that is true  but that is a really good sign for the future of the greek nt , as we get more technically gifted/modern greek players into the team they will excel . 
  english still think their team is more than a mid-tier team . 
  at best they are equal to the greek team or just below  english team has better players than greek nt but all that matters is results . 
  obama is furious we are not shooting at each other !, 
  haliburton needs a 5 % growth quote this year !, 
  how will they get it if we do n't go to war !, 
  think of haliburton poor people !, 
  that is not good . 
  it all depends on the job really, 
  perfect analogy , wish it was up top, 
  exports to ukraine . 
  . because of a us-backed revolution . 
  which stopped russian gas . 
  and after the vice presidents son was appointed to manage ukraine 's gas corporation . 
  do ukrainians not understand what is going on or am i just a putin-bot ? 
  `` we are tired of life , '' says john abdullah , a 40-year-old migrant from kunar in afghanistan .
