  you realize the last time your country entered a great depression you decided to brutally murder 40 million people right ? 
  greece just wants economic independence and to escape its great depression that has been raging for almost a decade now . 
   already borrowed and spent on the greek people . 
  spending 500 billion euros on german , french and american military equipment did not help anyone but a very small group of people . 
   anyway , these numbers would mean that suicides in greece went from around 400 a year to 2500 a year , an increase by 625 % , that 's simply not believable you do understand that greece has been in the middle of a great depression that is now even worse than the 1920 's american great depression . 
  . right ? 
  possibly , in the case of a treaty violation or human rights violation , a member-state can be put up for suspension of membership which is the most extreme step . 
  to suspend a memer-state requires a unanimous vote which wo n't happen for greece due to cyprus veto'ing and possibly italy/spain . 
  also , nobody in the eu would even think of attempting to call a vote against greece due to the geo-political consequences . 
   people do n't seem to care about the fact that the situation is self-inflicted by living beyond their means greek private debt is among the lowest in the western world greek people did not live beyond their means , the current crisis was from a cartel of politicans and oligarchs buying over 500 billion euros worth of military equipment in corrupt deals . 
  the young generation does not want to sentence themselves and their children adn grandchildren to a lifetime of debt slavery due to this , not because they want to live `` beyond their means '', 
  greece would n't leave the eu or ez with a no vote , it would simply print drachmas and go from there . 
  leaving the eu can only be done through an option like the brexit , not by using your own currency . 
   you say it with much conviction , but that is just an opinion . 
  better informed people have other opinions . 
  that goes both ways , some german eu technocrat with a hard-on for the euro currency can dream all he wants of `` punishing '' greece , but those dreams will become nightmares once an attempt is made . 
   as you yourself admitted the council can suspend greece 's voting rights my entire point was that this is impossible due to the fact that there are two greece 's in the eu with cyprus . 
  cyprus would veto any attempt to suspend greece , how hard is that to understand ? 
   countries like slovakia would not support greece 's eu membership any longer , and would veto any changes the only ally greece has ever had in the eu is cyprus and it will stay this way . 
  the only legal , as in in eu law procedure to remove a member state from the eu is to suspend membership through a unanimous vote , which will never happen for greece . 
  it doesnt matter what germany or slovakia wants regarding greek membership , there is nothing you can do but attempt a failed attempt to suspend greek membership which would lead to extreme measures by the greek government . 
  the thing you do n't understand , besides geo-politics is that greek people are still extremely pro-eu . 
  attempting to suspend membership in a failed unanimous vote would trigger very extreme measures , starting off with vetoing russian sanctions . 
  to put it clearly , nobody in the eu in any position would ever contemplate even thinking of attempting a suspension vote of greece , you have to have literally zero knowledge of global geo-politics to think this . 
   the chinese want to own the port . 
  the russians want to own the pipeline . 
  the pipeline is already confirmed to be a 50 % -50 % partnership between greece-russia . 
  greece will maintain 15 % stake in piraeus harbor after the cosco deal . 
  greece will never be leaving the eu of `` equals '' ( lol ) , but merely joining an economic investment project with russia and china here are the actual laws of leaving the eu  a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . 
  in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that state , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union . 
  that agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with article 218 ( 3 ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  it shall be concluded on behalf of the union by the council , acting by a qualified majority , after obtaining the consent of the european parliament . 
  [ `` article 50 confirms the possibility of member states to leave the eu , and it is clearly the only legal route to leave , as a matter of eu law . 
  there 's no possibility to throw a member state out of the eu against its will , although its membership could be suspended if there are serious and continued breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law \\ ( article 7 teu \\ ) . 
  that clause has never been used to date either . 
  '' ] ( http://eulawanalysis.blogspot.com/2014/12/article-50-teu-uses-and-abuses-of.html ) ( note for a member to be sanctoned/suspended for humans rights/rule of law violation requires a unanimous vote ), 
  [ fortress paper ltd. , a printer of banknotes , rose the most in two years as a website said the company may have a contract with the greek government . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-05-12/fortress-paper-rises-on-report-of-contract-to-print-greek-notes ) if greece votes no , it would take a few days to organize the new notes from fortress, 
  these people are n't lunatics even though they are religious nuts , they do have a very long-term strategy in the works , at least as early as 2005 . 
  i have posted multiple times in this subreddit the german interview with aq leader in 2005 who spelled out that they will attack syria in 2011-2013 and then create the islamic state before attacking europe in 2016 . 
  do not under-estimate the very educated and cunning leaders of this group . 
  from what i have read , they have a solidified long-term plan that goes as far as 2075 which they view to be around the time of the final battle between islam and the infidels . 
  look at immigration and population numbers and this strategy they have begins to look not so crazy any more . 
  it reached the point of no return once eu leaders decided to funnel all negotiations through an outsider in the imf . 
   [ `` the prime minister \\ ( tsipras \\ ) thanked storchak and said he was pleasantly surprised by the invitation for greece to be the sixth member of the brics development bank . 
  ] ( http://rt.com/business/257701-greece-russia-brics-invitation/ ) tsipras said greece is interested in the offer , and promised to thoroughly examine it . 
  he will have a chance to discuss the invitation with the other brics leaders during the 2015 international economic forum in st. petersburg , '' the statement said . 
  [ during the st. petersburg conference which tsipras attended he made this very cryptic speech ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrgugqwhifk ) [ tsipras has planned the referendum 24 hours before the brics development bank has their official opening ceremony ] ( http://thebricspost.com/brics-bank-to-commence-business-on-7-july/ ) also you sound like an idiotic american from your post . 
  greece is not being kicked out the eu nor will it leave eu . 
  this is about the eurozone , which is the euro currency . 
  china/russia already have tens of billions of infrastructure projects starting in 2016 in greece , my only assumption is that they want to centralize these projects through the brics bank, 
   how is debt-fueled growth in the private sector something bad ? 
  because private companies stacked up tens if not hundreds of billions of debt to build their business of false growth and just before the bubble popped , they took out all their money from greece and put it in geneva , nyc , london , etc. 
  so the average greek is now paying for the gambling of oligarchs and other wealthy elite while being called lazy and thieves by germans and our `` partners '' in this `` union '' . 
  the european project has failed and it is time everyone is clear about it . 
  `` bailout '' is never a term i have used regarding brics . 
  in a post-default greece , it will not need a `` bail-out '' but a massive and strategic growth-program revolving around multiple sectors including energy , tourism , shipping , real estate , industry . 
  russia and china have already agreed to invest tens of billions in the greek stream and cosco piraeus harbor deal , but these would only be the tip of the iceberg if greece joined the brics . 
  [ fortress paper ltd. , a printer of banknotes , rose the most in two years as a website said the company may have a contract with the greek government . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-05-12/fortress-paper-rises-on-report-of-contract-to-print-greek-notes ) invest in fortress paper immediately after the no vote, 
  the brics bank opens up 24 hours after the july 5th referendum , most likely this referendum has been planned since he met the russian ambassador immediately after winning elections . 
  they mean the vatican specifically, 
  there was always going to be an `` event '' in summer 2015 due to it being the `` peak debt '' with around 12-15 billion euros owed in a 3 month span . 
  new democracy were planning to take a 3rd bailout with even harsher austerity measures including selling off of strategic state assets for `` peanuts '' . 
  syriza decided not to take a 3rd bailout and condemn the young generation to a life of debt slavery . 
  sure if syriza signed an agreement there would have been calmness . 
  for a little while at least . 
  i think their overall goal is to push italy to invade libya/syria after a series of terrorist attacks . 
  if the bailout money was actually used to rebuild greece , then you would have a point . 
  92 % of bailout money never entered greece itself . 
  during the drachma there was actually a pretty decent manufacturing base but that disappeared pretty much over-night after the euro and the debt-fueled growth of the private sector . 
  going back to the drachma is the only possible way to increase exports and become competitive again, 
  seriously ? 
  [ did you not see his speech at the st. petersburg bric 's economic forum from 2 weeks ago ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrgugqwhifk ) this was a meeting of the heads of brics , and was attended by tsipras and the highest level of greek government . 
  tsipras was not there just to sign a gas deal , that is foolish to think because any of the ministers could have done that for tsipras who was in the middle of crisis talks in brussels . 
  tsipras was there to plan for this referendum and joining bricgs , imo . 
  it is not a coincidence that tsipras made the referendum 24 hours before brics open their doors . 
   [ `` the prime minister \\ ( tsipras \\ ) thanked storchak and said he was pleasantly surprised by the invitation for greece to be the sixth member of the brics development bank . 
  ] ( http://rt.com/business/257701-greece-russia-brics-invitation/ ) tsipras said greece is interested in the offer , and promised to thoroughly examine it . 
  he will have a chance to discuss the invitation with the other brics leaders during the 2015 international economic forum in st. petersburg , '' the statement said . 
  or because he timed the referendum literally 24 hours before the brics bank opens for business in their inaugural ceremony, 
  because the cia have been grooming his replacement in gullen who lives near cia headquarters and has a cult following in turkey . 
  erdogan saw this and concluded this was the best course to stay in power, 
  which requires an unanimous vote , which will never happen, 
  permanent damage would be to stay in the euro . 
  sure if syriza signed a deal there would be calm ... for a while , and then in a few years an even bigger crisis would happen . 
  eu is not interested in a deal to help greece for a few reasons . 
  one of them being fearing the rise of podemos is so syriza must be made an example of but most importantly in the french-german dominated eu , it is a zero sum game in which helping greece would hurt northern european industry . 
  these countries benefit massively from an artificially low euro from a never ending grexit fear . 
  the longer grexit lasts the better for their industry . 
  there is no way any deal would help greece , nor is that the intention . 
  a final grexit must happen so greece can rebuild independently . 
  no , he has obviously wanted to go to drachma since day 1, 
  that quote is a `` theory '' of what could possibly happen , not actual law . 
  a `` legal perspective '' and `` legally inconceivable '' are not hard laws . 
  these are hard laws  article 50 ( 1 ) teu provides simply that any member state can withdraw from the eu in accordance with its own constitutional rules . 
  the key part of article 50 is the next paragraph , which states that :   a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . 
  in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that state , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union . 
  that agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with article 218 ( 3 ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union .
