  you pay your debts using only money made through export surplus . 
  this has a two fold advantage as not only is debt payed through extra surplus money but it gives an incentive for nations to invest and help greece boost their exports just like what was done to germany post ww2 so not only greece benefits but both european investors and creditors . 
  well for the under-30 's who are facing 60 % un-employment and never-ending austerity and great depression , nobody did actually ask them . 
  now do you want to punish the future of greece and think it will work out long-term ? 
  you could i suppose but why do that if it is not needed . 
  why not allow greece to pay back its debt using debt repayments linked to export surplus like germany received post ww2 . 
  why did germany get the chance to stand on its own 2 feet after murdering half the continent but greece can not because they have made such a terrible sin ? 
  you would think germany of all countries would think twice before forcing a new treaty of versailles onto a nation . 
  but irony knows no bounds apparently . 
  the only time the question of bailouts was put up for a vote could have happened in 2011 . 
  the prime minister announced a referendum on the bailouts and a week later he was silently kicked out of office and replaced . 
  new leaks from lagarde list indicate he was blackmailed due to hiding money in secret swiss accounts . 
  did euro 2004 really make portuguese that bitter ? 
  the most hatred against greece comes from portugal which i find odd . 
  as far as greece reclaiming democracy like the person you replied to , that has nothing to do with this current referendum , the eu still has 80-90 % approval rating in greece . 
  also that `` geography '' has had greeks living on it thousands of years before `` classical '' greece , and will for thousands of years more . 
  when germans got their debt cleared by greece after massacring 1 million greeks , it was different ofcourse . 
  all greece has to do is massacre a few million people to get their debt forgiven correct ? 
  if troika wants a plan for greece which allows it to grow while paying back the debt , preferably under varoufakis planned growth-bonds or like in germany post ww2 where any debt was payed back solely off export surplus that would be ideal . 
  if troika wants to make greece suffer for another decade with no hope then the debt can not be payed back . 
  as far as the `` greece did not do reforms '' meme , [ greece was ranked # 1 in reforms by oecd in 2013-2014 ] ( http://coppolacomment.blogspot.com/2015/02/reforms-bloody-reforms.html ) . 
  greece managed to close the 14 % deficit to 1 % surplus in 3 years using mainly cuts through reforms proposed by troika which previous government implemented fully . 
  and yes the law on entering/exit eu is very very clear , if greece did not have cyprus in the eu than i would not be as confident but in the end the eu can not lose greece due to geo-politics . 
  because if greece is forced out the eu , there would be russian military bases in greece before the next week . 
  greece has n't received outside aid since august 2014 and i doubt again any time soon, 
  eurozone = / = eu the reality is that eu law is extremely clear about how to enter or exit the eu , and there is not a single word in any eu document that relates the eurozone to eu entry or exit . 
  before you post for the thousand time the `` legal expert '' who thinks it `` inconceivable '' to exit the eurozone and not eu , the problem is that eu law is extremely clear about this matter . 
  i do n't think you understand greece 's role in the eu geo-politically to be thinking of eu exit or the fact that there are two greece 's in the eu with cyprus . 
  stay in the eurozone , the eu has nothing to do with upcoming sunday vote . 
  is there a live stream ? 
  edit :[ found one ] ( http://rt.com/on-air/protests-no-referendum-greece/ ), 
  [ a mysterious spike in the shares of a small canadian pulp and paper stock is rumoured to foretell an exit of greece from the euro zone . 
  ] ( http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-investor/investment-ideas/spike-in-fortress-paper-stocks-may-be-built-on-shaky-foundation/article24463037/ )  fortress paper 's stock has taken off in recent days despite the lack of any material catalyst , aside from speculation the company is positioned for a deal to print new greek banknotes . 
  `` should we continue to support german banks which over-lended to greece with german tax money '' yes/no they should at least be factual if they are going to spout propaganda . 
  austerity did work for its intended goal of closing the -14 % greek deficit to a 1 % surplus , which is the most extreme fiscal adjustment in human history . 
  the problem is that the eu powers that be decided that this was not good enough , not a single word of respect to people who have suffered through this fiscal adjustment but instead propaganda . 
  if you look at tsipras proposal what he pledges is basically `` austerity-lite '' but the eu powers think that greece should continue through the harshest form of austerity with no end goal and no hope . 
  i am hoping for a landslide no vote this sunday , the fiscal adjustment which is the most brutal aspect of a currency change has already taken place in greece , now it is time for greece to stand on its own 2 feet without a bunch of unelected bearucrats in brussels trying to stage a coup in athens every few years . 
   well in that sense because they like spending other peoples money what are you talking about ? 
  syriza has received no money from outside greece , ever and if a no vote wont for a very long time . 
  if there is a no vote , people are voting to accept the fact that things will get worse for a few years until the economy can stands on its own 2 feet . 
  the referendum is a win-win for them in the long-term . 
  if yes vote , many resign and new government implements austerity which brings country further into crisis and return of syriza in 3-4 years if no vote . 
  syriza cements their power for a decade or more if no referendum that would be a lose-lose, 
  cuidadanos is a controlled opposition party meant to siphon off some of the centrist podemos voters . 
  . just like to potami in greece which was invented just before the elections recently . 
  this sounds like they are preparing for something coming soon , not sure if for podemos or catalan , maybe both or something else we do n't know yet . 
  the loophole is that geo-politics is more important than a tiny economy like greece , the powers that be do n't care if greece prints drachmas , they do care if greece exits the eu since that way leads only to russia . 
  `` atm 's now require human sacrifice , vote yes ! '', 
  to potami is new democracy/pasok 2.0 , the leader visited brussels for a day and then came back saying how tsipras should be removed from government . 
  just more puppets that nobody cares about any more . 
  there is no written document in any eu institution that says if a country leaves the euro it must leave the eu . 
  firstly , the only legal way to exit the eu is from a brexit style option . 
  secondly , you are completely and utterly clueless about geo-politics and world affairs if you think eu would ever let greece go . 
  the two need each other and vice versa for various reasons , none of them purely economic . 
  greece is n't leaving the eu either way , not sure if you realize what the current vote is for . 
  there already is or working on it for both countries actually , but that is unrelated to current crisis . 
  greece was spending 10 % of gdp on military for almost 20 years , up until the mid 90 's . 
  it is primarily military spending that caused this crisis . 
  greece most recent default , today is due to the fact greece spent over 500-600 billion euros on military after the cyprus invasion . 
  almost every default in greek history if not all are due to military spending and i assume germany 's defaults are all due to military spending also . 
  reported to sultan erdogan, 
  that is like saying you can neglect greece history of defaults since most of them are due to military conflicts and military spending considering greece was in 6 major wars in the last 200 years . 
  greece was involved in 6 major wars and 3-4 minor conflicts in the last 200 years also which led to most of these defaults . 
  the cyprus conflict led to 400-600 billion euros of military spending which caused current crisis . 
  the `` plan b '' syriza is talking about is not communism , but most likely joining brics bank as the 6th member . 
  putin invited tsipras to join brics last month and he also ordered the referendum to take place 24 hours before the opening ceremony of brics , which most likely is not a coincidence and most likely this `` plan b '' syriza has been referring to the last few months . 
  greece fought a brutal civil war to defeat communism . 
  where 1 million people died . 
  you are a complete fucking idiot to think communism will come to greece . 
  the actual communism party of greece , kke which openly supports real communism gets around 3 % of the votes the same as the nazi party . 
  the economic policy tsipras handed in to imf/eu last week which was rejected is complete far-right economic policy . 
  a real communist would never have handed in such a proposal . 
  this report is less propaganda than any of european media, 
  you realize greece has survived 10000x worse just in the last century correct ? 
  your country had it easy while greece lost 2 million people ( 20 % ) to ww2 and the civil war , do n't talk about `` survival '' . 
  most countries on earth would have been in brutal civil war under the economic conditions greece has been over the last few years , 30 % unemployment , 60 % for youth , millions in poverty , etc. 
  it is already worse than the 1920 's american great depression in numbers . 
  yet crime has gone down and greece is ranked the 18th safest place on earth according to oecd in recent rankings . 
  going to the drachma wo n't cause riots because it is what the people chose , people do n't riot and become anarchists from a choice they made and feel will work out in the long-term . 
  brics is for investment projects not loans, 
  it is more complicated than that , greece not only is capable of paying all the debt back but has been trying to negotiate a deal to do such . 
  the issue is this , the creditors want greece to pay back the debt while under-taking more austerity and more unemployment when they are already in a state worse than 1920s american great depression , far worse actually if you look at the real numbers . 
  i personally though eu/imf would realize that greeks have crossed the line of `` i dont give a fuck any more '' and try to make a deal which loosens up some of the austerity ( not all ofcourse ) and agree to a deal which tsipras has proposed that is basically `` austerity-lite '' . 
  the question is not that greeks do not want to pay the debt back , ofcourse that is the best option . 
  . but not while the demand is to continue this raging great depression which is destroying society . 
  is it not possible to find a middle ground ? 
  apparently not , since this has now become something more than `` debt and economy '' , i am not even sure what it is any more , but it is leading greece to a grexit because if there is a choice between continuing the great depression for another decade or exit and try to stand on your own 2 feet , the answer is very very simple . 
   greece depends on the good will of the imf and europe , especially after a default . 
  this is debatable , we will soon seen i suppose  [ `` the prime minister \\ ( tsipras \\ ) thanked storchak and said he was pleasantly surprised by the invitation for greece to be the sixth member of the brics development bank . 
  ] ( http://rt.com/business/257701-greece-russia-brics-invitation/ ) tsipras said greece is interested in the offer , and promised to thoroughly examine it . 
  he will have a chance to discuss the invitation with the other brics leaders during the 2015 international economic forum in st. petersburg , '' the statement said . 
  [ during the st. petersburg conference which tsipras attended he made this very cryptic speech ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrgugqwhifk ) [ tsipras has planned the referendum 24 hours before the brics development bank has their official opening ceremony ] ( http://thebricspost.com/brics-bank-to-commence-business-on-7-july/ ), 
  they would n't be official euros though and would be banned from international trade most likely . 
  i know what i said was rude and uncalled for but it is just reality and germans are so incredibly propagandized against greece from their media i find it funny they can not learn from their own history to at least understand the current difficulties of greece . 
  like tsipras said , there is only so much a country can endure when it is being humiliated on a daily basis , germany reacted one way from this humiliation and greece is acting a certain way also . 
  it is plausible because greece had the lowest suicide rate on earth prior to the crisis or one of the lowest ( definitely lowest 5 ) , so a minor increase would already be 200-300 % increase in suicides . 
  yes syriza caused this entire crisis . 
  not new democracy and pasok stacking up hundreds of billions in debt for their oligarch and elite friends over the last 30 years . 
  everybody in greece knows what caused this current crisis and it is n't syriza .
