  they were hitting them with sticks , we kept telling them to stop they are already dead , but they were n't listening to us . 
  at one point one them said , stop wasting bullets , finish them off , oh god , how can i describe this . 
  the decided between themselves get the women out of there , the rest to basement and finish them there . 
  they were deciding who to move from the room first , some other people started moving the corpses , they were just dragging them on the ground . 
  interview asks what happened to all the men . 
  she said they were all dead . 
  when she says , one man was lying close to her legs , there was no blood on him or around him , he was just gasping for air and making weird noises ( she imitates them at 21.30 of the video ) . 
  he asks was the man shot , she says no beat him with sticks . 
  its a bit confusing it seems at one point she says they 'll move people to basement and finish them off there , but later when asked what happened to the men , she says they were all dead . 
  the first woman that they escorted out of the room , what happened to her , where she is now . 
  i do n't know . 
  when they took me outside the room , i started begging , to please let me go , i have a small child . 
  somebody said take one to the basement , the other can go fuck herself . 
  the interview asks how did they decide who goes to the basement ? 
  i do n't know , i just took out my phone and started showing pictures of my child , look , look its my baby , he is three years old , i am from odessa , what are you doing . 
  i got 0 response , except for one guy , who said '' i am a fan of chernomortz ( i think its the name of the soccer team in odessa ) and you wo n't get any odessa republic . 
  i was dumbfounded by that statement what has one to do with the other i do n't know . 
  they had leader , big guy , in a very good shape , was fully equipped . 
  he had a gun the one with a drum . 
  interviewer asks revolver ? 
  she says yes , revolver . 
  while i was there , he was reloading right in front of me . 
  i saw how they draggedpeople , where they were dragging them , i do n't know . 
  interviewer asks were they alive , she says i do n't know , just saw them being dragged . 
  her and one more woman were lead to the back exit that was described in the beginning , the one that was poorly barricaded . 
  they frisked here for 15 min ( ???? 
  ) the woman behind her was screaming and then stopped . 
  what happened to her she does n't know , she never saw her leave the building . 
  inaudible question . 
  she replies they were everywhere . 
  when she left the room says there were corpses , in the stairwell there was only blood . 
  while they descending on the stairs she saw people being dragged in the corridors . 
  why , where , alive , dead , i do n't know . 
  but i did n't hear any sounds , nor any movements . 
  once again he asks her how many men were in the room , she says pretty sure 10 , all dead . 
  inaudible question . 
  the woman that was with me , i have contact with her , she saw everything that i saw . 
  i do n't know if she will be able to confirm everything i said or not , her husband was also in the building , not with us , but in the building , he has severe burns . 
  they are hiding at the moment . 
  on the third of may , to hospital came people from sbu ( ukraine 's fbi i think ) and took down all the info , on everyone located there because of what happened on kulikovo field . 
  inaudible question . 
  i do n't know . 
  that woman by the way is on that photo that you showed me . 
  inaudible question . 
  she describes the woman , short haircut , white blouse with , knitted ornaments . 
  its very hard to remember , there was a lot of smoke everywhere . 
  she was barely alive , she was barely breathing , she was saying something , i cant remember what it was . 
  ( i am getting confused what woman she is talking about at this point , hard to have perspective when , when the question was inaudible ) . 
  he asks her were there any molotov 's inside the building . 
  she says i do n't know , i did n't see any , i only saw how they were throwing them at us . 
  i think he asks her , were they shooting on people trying to save themselves from the burning building , she said yes , not everyone , but yes . 
  are you ready to confirm everything you said and give your personal info . 
  yes . 
  this is american vs russia with eu being used as a puppet . 
  when mccain and kerry go and prop up puppets and then have nuland call and demand that yatsenyuk leads . 
  . then this is 100 % american operation , so go fuck yourself , no eu soldiers will ever fight russia for your games , motherfucker . 
  us soldiers are welcome to try and fight russia in the vast russian/ukraine wilderness, 
  carbonara is the best, 
  100 years war is when movie master and commander took place , correct ? 
  i would love more movies of that time period, 
  yeh , few of these i can not relate to , most people i know only go to church maybe 1-2 times a year , and mostly just to be with family and lots of food afterwards . 
  non-saint names are very popular , especially mythology/ancient names . 
  it is just really the older generations who might see it that way , which is why i find it really funny , 
  my favorites from that article ** your name only counts if it 's a saint 's name . 
  ** ** you are never without guilt . 
  you think catholic guilt is a thing ? 
  that is some pansy stuff compared to greek guilt . 
  ** ** when you set out on a road/air trip , you say `` ella christe kai panayia mou '' ( and do your cross 3 times ) ** ** you will eat a huge breakfast at 10:30 am and better be ready for the holiday ( easter/christmas ) meal at 12:30 pm . 
  ** ** people who do n't like feta are too weird for words . 
  ** ** there is no set measuring system in greek cooking . 
  it 's a handful of this and a dash of that . 
  but it better come out perfectly or you are shaming your greek ancestors !, 
  ** ** easter eggs only get dyed red . 
  because jesus said so !, 
  ** ** your yiayia/papou ( grandparents ) are already dead , even if they 're alive . 
  `` yiayia , i love your dress , '' is a grave mistake . 
  it 's answered , without a beat , with `` oh , you can have it when i die ! '' **, 
  yanukovitch was a piece of shit , but should have been removed by a vote . 
  40 years of russian/ukraine friendship destroyed overnight because they could n't wait a few months to get rid of him . 
  then you have leaked phone calls of american politicians stating who will lead . 
  and you think all will be well ? 
  this has potential to destroy the eu . 
  but its ok since russia might suffer a tiny bit also . 
  and you think this is how a country should be going on its path to the eu ? 
  ousting a democratically voted president in a coup , oppressing russian minority , than forming nazi groups to hunt them down ? 
  eu is like a whore being used by the us pimp to bring destruction to russia 's border, 
  i think the managers of 14 tour operators gave that away, 
  i think all eu citizens should be leaving asap, 
  [ this guy was ] ( http://blog.braintraffic.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/doogie_howser_md-show.jpg ), 
  right sector/svoboda ( both nazi groups ) were the major players in toppling the yanujovitch government and are currently forming paramilitary forces to fight russians and were the main people responsible for the odessa fire . 
  edit : you can downvote me , but truth is truth , or you can keep denying the truth and attacking the messengers . 
  2nd edit : just found this pic of great democratic leader of ukraine yatsenyuk throwing up a nazi salute next to the leader of the official nazi party of ukraine - http://i.imgur.com/fpcafgg.png, 
  it 's funny how the only two major accidents in decades of nuclear reactor have been due to extreme incompetence , and these two events are why everyone fears nuclear . 
  chernoybl - drunk soviet commander ordering reactors to go beyond max capacity , everyone feared to question his authority so meltdown happened . 
  fukushima - placing backup power generators on ground level of an area near shoreline that had a tsunami in recent history ( 1800 's ) i think something like a `` mini '' nuclear reactor would be interesting , something small so even a freak accident would not cause much damage but big enough to power a modern city, 
  [ italy 's enel applies to search greece for oil and gas ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2014/04/23/italys-enel-applies-to-search-greece-for-oil-and-gas/ ) so far norway/greece has been the major player in greek natural gas findings , italy is going to get search areas in western greek waters near italy . 
  potential of 20 trillion $ in gas/oil in greek waters , even 1 trillion $ would be a game changer tap pipeline is the major pipeline to bring gas from greece to italy - https://www.trans-adriatic-pipeline.com/, 
  good goy 's * rubs hands together * very very good goyims in norway , 
  the soldiers being filmed are pro-russians as you can see by the orange/black st.george ribbon on their arms, 
  right sector/svoboda nazi 's dont exist !,
