  [ fighter jet shot down near ukraine 's city of kramatorsk ] ( http://en.itar-tass.com/world/728011 ), 
  [ more info on hellenic coast guard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqunnnxcsga ), 
  that sucks about your county . 
  a once childhood paradise of nostalgia and tight-knit community has turned into a sharia-zone, 
  yeh , enough for both sides to back down , but like i said dumb to talk about because france and uk are historical and modern allies to greece . 
  one of the most powerful military commanders in uk , i believe top navy commander is son of greek immigrant , he is a bad ass, 
  there are ways to stay militarily neutral while still providing support for allies greece recently signed a deal for 500 m1a1 abrams for our huge contribution in assisting usa last decade ... not with soldiers but with massive logistical support, 
  greece was not even involved in cyrpus you dunce . 
  and was not even a free country . 
  a british monarch , i believe philip or his father was in control of greece during this period . 
  since cyrpus greece has invested nearly 300-400 billion in military infrastructure, 
  globalsecurity ranks countries purely by population and total number of equipment . . not training , what type of armor/jets/etc greece is the 9th most militarized nation on earth , main naval/air-force training partners with usa-israel ( average 1 major exercise a month ) and has invested hundreds of billions in its military infrastructure the last 30 years greece has s-300 systems around greece that not even france/uk have which is a hard counter to air superiority , and anti-ship missiles make your naval advantage void . 
  greek air-force pilots are rated equal with usa/israel pilots through countless competitions and exercises together and our air-force is very modern and easily top 5 in europe . 
  greece has had a drone program since 1970 's which is extremely useful , largest tank force in europe with modern tanks , mainly leopard 2 a6 and leo 2 a4 . 
  . greece has a range of special forces groups , seals , rangers , search n rescue . 
  etc our military is built from the ground up to be a defensive wall . 
  every step an enemy takes in greek soil would be met with a hidden sniper or ied . 
  . tunnels connecting zones , hit and run tactics , night-time raids . 
  the point is that any army that comes to greece would be met with a nightmare scenario of facing a modern guerilla army on foreign soil . 
  now would greece defeat uk if the uk decided to go `` all-out '' and sacrifice tens of millions of lives ? 
  probably not , but the point is greece has the capability to demoralize and defeat the enemy long before it reaches a point where the civilian populace would accept a loss such as that, 
  even during the worst years of the greek crisis in 2011-2012 , greece had one of the lowest crime/murder rates on earth , that basically says it all . 
  and greece never dies , it is like a roller coaster ride greece is recovering faster than any expert predicted and with the gas/oil findings and pipeline construction . 
  it is time to climb up that rollercoaster again, 
  greece has hundreds of billions of weapons and ammunition scatered through-out greece/islands . 
  enough to go for years . 
  in the event of an attrition war with uk ( stupid to even discuss ) greece would allign itself russia , sign long-term contracts for our gas/oil wealth ( possible tens of trillions ) , mineral wealth , etc and get supplied by russia this is the thing , greece would be like vietnam x1000 with meth never-ending guerilla warfare , to the point of uk population becoming angered at fighting a stupid war . 
  again , this is purely for discussion . 
  greeks love uk people and vice versa . 
  but it is interesting to talk about scenarios like this greece would have a massive advantage with defending home territory and it would end up with both sides getting tired enough to sign a truce . 
  the standard fall-back islamic argument for why their entire society revolves around violence and oppression is `` but look at christians in 1,000 ad !, 
  i honestly do n't think they understand how insane that stance is for a number of reasons, 
  well put, 
  it depends , greece could not match uk 's navy but we could match uks air-force and in the same side we could not match france 's air-force but we could match its navy as far as troops , greece could easily match both countries in a truly external threat and greeks make the best front line soldiers on earth - check this to see what just 100 greeks did to bolster 400 american troops on the front against 20,000 chinese - http://youtu.be/nklsj6a3dmu?t=6m45s also , like i said the future of european army is drone army which greece is 100 % behind and invested in, 
  i did n't say that , my point was that greece could match france/uk in an event of an actual world war . 
  also france/uk could never invade greece and vice versa . 
  greek military is built from the ground up as a defensive force , not to project power across the world . 
  and france/uk are great allies for greece so its stupid to even take this discussion any further . 
  as far as supporting europe military efforts , greece/france/germany and 3 other countries have started a drone `` club '' , which is the future of a true european army , imo . 
  first greece is one of the strongest members of nato and is easily equal with uk/france in an all-out war scenario . 
  greece has spent nearly 300-400 billion $ in military spending since the cyprus invasion and does not only meet the 2 % required amount for military spending that no other countries do but far exceeds it and is likely around 10 % of total spending if not more . 
  simply put , greece is the only nation in europe that is prepared for an all out war requiring millions of foot soldiers , special forces with tight coordination of air-force , navy , drone operators and many other things . 
  now . 
  greece doesnt need to do shit . 
  especially against our historical allies of russia . 
  not only will greece never raise a hand against russia ( and serbs ) , but any threat of being removed from nato would only end up with a few dozen russian military bases on greek soil . 
  i see , i simply copy/pasted a translation for a different reddit thread . 
  it is fairly ominous that russians have set up things like advice on how to assist separatist just further shows that civil war is impossible to avoid now, 
  check out the other videos in comments i would say that civil war has begun and will only further escalate from now on, 
  russians will not nor do they want to take poland . 
  what gave you that idea ? 
  and if they did , greece would still likely stay neutral as they would be useful in talks between russia and eu . 
  [ urgent : after rapid maidan gathering - radical part of the protesters are formed into military columns and are moving towards the ukrainian rada . 
  they demand the resignation of turchinov and minister of the interior avakov . 
  familiar slogans are heard : `` glory to the nation - and death to the enemies '' etc. 
  protesters carry car tires with them . 
  currently radicals blocked parliament building and set tires on fire . 
  the country 's leadership was given an ultimatum - come out to protesters within 1 h or they start storming parliament . 
  stay tuned . 
  ] ( http://rusvesna.su/news/1397500553 ), 
  link is to pro-ukrainians being brutally beat up and possibly murdered by pro-russians in kharkov subway station more videos [ amateur footage of masked men seizing slaviansk airfield ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtsgi-pgfvi ) [ go to 27:30 - pro-russian climbs police station roof and places russian flag - police chief climbs out window and throws russian off the roof , breaking his neck - police station raided and chief is said to be dead ] ( http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/46146209 ) [ military truck from western ukraine transporting rpg 's and weapons stopped by pro-russian group and weapons taken ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-c1suyf1pa#t=526 ) [ russian commander organizing police forces who defected ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dinmf_7dqk4 ) lieutenant colonel : [ on phone ] i understand . 
  that 's it . 
  policeman : we need to go . 
  lt. col. : [ to line-up ] fall in !, 
  attention !, 
  greetings , comrades !, 
  greetings !, 
  i am a lieutenant colonel policeman : of what ? 
  lt. col. : of the russian army , to be precise , a lieutenant colonel . 
  good morning !, 
  policemen : good morning , comrade lieutenant !, 
  lt. col. : look !, 
  from here on , from this minute , the head of the interior ministry of the city of gorlovka is appointed aleksandr fyodorovich sluzhenko . 
  you are to follow all his instructions without question . 
  at this time , your assignment is to take out the police officers -- there are normal , loyal people here -- to bring them peacefully out of this situation -- i 'll be there -- and bring them back here . 
  your assignment : maintain public order prevent looting you understand , yes ? 
  prevent unauthorized seizure of buildings in order to distinguish you from all the other police officers who have not yet come over to the side of the people , i ask you all to tie a st. george ribbon on your right shoulder strap policeman : do you have any ribbons on you ? 
  lt. col. : gentlemen , the question of the ribbons is still not resolved yet . 
  policeman : you should go buy some ribbons . 
  lt. col. : because i was fighting [ inaudible ] ... you can understand . 
  policeman : who is going to obey us ? 
  lt. col : they will obey you . 
  i 've introduced myself . 
  here 's my id . 
  [ the horseshoe theory in political science asserts that rather than the far left and the far right being at opposite and opposing ends of a linear political continuum , they in fact closely resemble one another , much like the ends of a horseshoe . 
  the theory is attributed to french writer jean-pierre faye ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horseshoe_theory ), 
  if you do n't see them as two sides of the same coin , you have a problem, 
  i prefer not to have fascists dictate my life , be it these idiot `` anti-fascist '' fascists or golden dawn fascists, 
  `` social justice '' by mob rule is not justice, 
  [ chaos on kharkov subway - right sector members get beat up and possibly lynched in subway station ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=175_1397451400 ), 
  no , they already defected and the russian commander was giving them instructions to prevent looting in what i am assuming is the upcoming chaos in eastern ukraine . 
  he also tells them to put on orange ribbons to show they are pro-russian, 
  greece is going to stay neutral in this eu vs russia shitstorm either way, 
  simply because `` times were good '' before the crash . 
  nobody planned/expected the august 2008 crash, 
  nobody knew how bad our politicians were until the bottom fell out around 2008-2009 this is why the ruling party of the last decade went from winning every election to polling around 2-4 % in 2014 . 
  the politicians of that party are literally considered `` toxic property '' also fuck these guys for storming into a business like this and stealing stuff . 
  these so called `` anti-fascist '' groups who pull of shit like this need to get their head stomped in . 
  `` anti-fascist '' being complete fascist as usual, 
  lasers do not cause damage on impact , the way the usa laser tech works , and i have seen lots of videos of it is that the laser has to basically sit on one area of what it intended to destroy for it to burn a hole through .
