  infidel food is best food, 
  a spark can set a massive fire, 
  you have to get past the network of hundreds s-300 , s-400 anti air systems which are 2-3 generations ahead of patriot systems good luck, 
  stupid piigs, 
  this is why i like polish people , they do n't bullshit the macedonians took advantage of a weak athens and conquered them and rest of greece under their monarchy led by philip and then his son alexander and for hundreds of years after that the macedonian monarchy led greece against the romans . 
  the fall of macedonia in 148 bc is when greece lost its independence to rome , there is no such thing as `` pure '' macedonian or any such idiotic thing since 148 bc . 
  the macedonians and rest of greece assimilated into a common culture . 
  and then 1,000 years later the modern inhabitants of fyrom moved in north of greece displacing/assimilating the local thracian population . 
  the ruling party of fyrom believes they are 100 % `` pure '' macedonians , who came from alexander the great 's testicles last year and this is what they tell the people . 
  i always considered troy hellenic culture if not a greek city state . 
  like most greek city states , they fought the others to be the `` top dog '' in the region after the trojan wars most believe the remaining trojans fled to the area now known as rome and created a hellenic culture with the local population, 
  same thing happened in syria during protests , reports of 3rd party shooting both sides, 
  whatever side the us government is on for example the us took the syrian rebels side so vice made a dozen mini docs portraying the rebels as freedom living angels trying to set up a secular democracy ... and assad as the evil villain . 
  the reality is the rebels are 90 % foreign terrorists trying to recreate a caliphate and assad has the support of the majority of syrians who just want to live a life not dominated by islam, 
  western ukraine is bankrupt and as a whole , the ukraine economy is the only ex-soviet state to have made virtually no economic growth since 1990 . 
  eastern ukraine and especially crimea is the breadbasket/economic power in ukraine and russia again outplayed nato by taking it . 
  also i did not say that i myself view russia as `` anti-american '' heroes . . but that is how they are viewed in syria/iran especially . 
  anti-americanism is a religion in these two countries and russia to them is their savior . 
  the middle east , outside the shia countries ( syria-iraq-iran-lebanon ) hates russia , especially for afghanistan , but most of these countries will be drowning in their own radical islamic civil wars within 10-20 years anyway . 
  once syria and iraq are stabilized by iran/russia , they will be a long-term alliance which will then destabilize the rest of the middle east for their own gains , its already happening and working quite well . 
  everyone has their own version of what it means to be a true `` superpower '' . 
  for me being a superpower is having enormous influence in the middle east and having an incredibly strong military . 
  which russia has both of . 
  i need to make it clear . 
  there is a new middle east power , greater than any before , being nicknamed as the `` shia crescent '' which has been born from the syria war . 
  iran-iraq-syria-lebanon ( hezbollah ) - once saudi arabia falls into civil war within 20-30 years . 
  this alliance of the shia countries will completely dominate the middle east , and russia is their main ally . 
  i do not think you understand how loved the russians are in the `` shia crescent '' countries . 
  they are the true `` anti-american '' heroes they have been waiting for . 
  russia won the middle east . 
  i have to keep repeating myself . 
  so you understand . 
  they beat you , the game is over . 
  like a chess master who knows the game is over 3 moves in but still has to let it play out . 
  russia won , they are a superpower and you better start treating them like it . 
  like i said . 
  russia outplayed nato by going `` all-in '' and won . 
  russia/syria/iran / iraq/hezbollah is the future of the middle east . 
  the other major middle east power , saudi arabia will collapse within 30 years and usa will have lost its final foothold there . 
  if you control the middle east , you control everything . 
  and russia did it . 
  they are a superpower , as much as everyone on r/europe would deny and not believe it . 
  no other country on earth has as much influence in the middle east , which many experts believe is the most critical region for a true superpower to control . 
  and by influence i do not mean usa military killing iraqis/afghans . 
  real influence where the people want to be allied with you . 
  the entire middle east despises usa , including the saudi arabian people who absolutely hate americans . 
  russia played the middle east game the right and smart way . 
  not the brutish american way . 
  like i said , it will take 10-20 years for most to realize how much russia succeeded in the middle east and how incredibly bad usa failed there . 
  russia completely outplayed nato in regards to syria . 
  and now with assad making daily major military gains , a russia/iran/iraq / syria/hezbollah alliance is set in stone . 
  russia won the middle east , it will take 10-20 years for most people to realize it though . 
  i guess you have not been following the syrian war very closely then ? 
  russia is the main reason why nato did not set up a `` no-fly '' zone in syria after the chemical attack/false flag . 
  russia has iran ( the most powerful middle eastern nation ) as its main me ally and has strong ties with many south american/asian countries . 
  russia is a superpower, 
  ** potami aims to be a movement that includes people from all walks of life -- doctors , builders , architects , students , intellectuals , employed or unemployed . 
  the credo at the core of its existence is to address the deficit of real-life experience in politics . 
  we talk some more about the party system and his belief that it promotes a closed shop of career politicians . 
  the right is laden by nepotism , dominated by particular families with respectable surnames , by privilege and by connection . 
  the left has similar problems because it rewards people who have been loyal to the party ( or the union ) by promoting from within . 
  in both cases , according to theodorakis , the end result is that the candidates put forward have a cv packed with political experience but little else to recommend them . 
  the motto at potami is `` politics for all '' . 
  you build some great hi-tech weapons systems best atgm on earth - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mbt_law and some great man-portable anti-air systems - forgot the name of it , but it is laser guided and not susceptible to radar jamming/flares, 
  the 2 pipelines are state of the art and built to last , it will be easier to sell greece 's own gas supply with these pipelines also greek people will pay extremely low rates for gas with theses pipelines, 
  cyprus gas fields have already been cut up and many sectors sold to major companies for drilling this pipeline will just transport that gas, 
  it 's already done, 
  greek cyprus, 
  greece-israel-cyprus have formed their own mini union . 
  it is resolved, 
  2020 is a optimistic date, 
  notice the `` trol '', 
  nobody in greece blames anyone but greek politicians , did people really think greeks blame merkel because some communist cunt had that hitler picture if her ? 
  if this does get accomplished . 
  which it very likely will with the recent current events , greece is positioning itself to be the energy hub of the eu . 
  this is now the second major pipeline currently underway , the other is the tap ( trans-adriatic pipeline ) which will connect the vast gas fields of azerbaijan and its neighbors to europe through northern greece . 
  combination of the tap + eastern mediterranean pipeline ( emp ) + [ vast gas reserves within greece ] ( http://www.naturalgaseurope.com/greece-natural-gas-reserves ) will be the backbone of the greek recovery, 
  any sane person was against syria the main reason usa did n't go is because russia had the hard evidence that isis jihad group were responsible for the chemical attack also the us air force personnel were publicly saying they did not want to be the air force for al qaeda, 
  calling you an idiot would be a compliment, 
  that 's your standard brainwashed german statement, 
  orthodox was not trampled , it became stronger than ever during the occupation , which is why the church has so much power in modern greece, 
  [ japonica 's kazarian : `` how & why i bought 4 bn in greek bonds '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eplhpqs2bgk ), 
  *** the aim of the project is to use graphene as a transparent electrode in the production of advanced organic electronic devices , such as organic solar cells and organic transistors ***, 
  honest question , what do you think usa 's reaction would be if mexico joined a chinese union knowing full well that china would be able to place nuclear tipped missiles on the border of mexico/usa . 
  this is why putin is acting the way he is, 
  the one thing i know for sure about the eu , is that it will always be a beacon of democracy . 
  even if usa and russia sway into totalitarianism as a reaction in the next cold war . 
  the eu will always be a democracy . 
  greece will be the energy hub of the eu by 2020 , but i doubt any sooner than that . 
  firstly the tap ( trans-adriatic pipeline ) was awarded to greece in 2013 after a decades long fight to win it . 
  the tap pipeline will bring gas from the vast reserves of azerbaijan through northern greece in macedonia region . 
  this pipeline will stretch across all of northern greece and land into italy . 
  from italy it will be distributed into northern europe . 
  currently they are still finilazing where exactly it will be built , since it is not easy to build a pipeline across all of greece ( which is the plan ) . 
  construction will likely begin in 2015 . 
  on top of that greece has found anywhere between 2-15 trillion $ worth of gas in its waters . 
  minimum of 2 trillion from the early signs but nobody will know the full amount for likely another decade , norway is the main partner with greece right now to find and drill this gas . 
  https://www.trans-adriatic-pipeline.com/ http://www.naturalgaseurope.com/greece-natural-gas-reserves the only negative thing is that this wont fully come to fruition until 2020 . 
  not just cost , this drone program is the future of the `` european army '' no country will agree to merge our troops , tanks , air-force etc but creating a unified drone force is something very possible and is happening now with this project . 
  i think by 2030 , no human being will be in a cockpit of a fighter jet .
