  makedons spoke greek , followed greek religion , culture , art , warfare technique , heroes , mythology , oracle of delphi pilgrimage , olympic games , etcx1000 everything to be greek . 
  it does not matter what some athenian statesmen though of them , remember you and fyrom 's entire argument that `` greeks did not view makedons as greeks '' is based on a single line spoken by an enemy of makedon and athenian statesman/ultra-nationalist . 
  makedons viewed themselves as greeks , do you not understand that or are you just being thick-headed ? 
  are you going to argue with me now how `` huur makedons did not view themselves as greek ! '', 
  they didnt speak athenian greek ( but they did a greek dialect ) . 
  and other non-sense ? 
  get this through your thick head alexandroski , the macedonians did not give a fuck what the athenians thought of them . 
  the makedons viewed themselves as greeks and proved it by creating the hellenic age single-handedly , something not even the athenians could accomplish . 
  after alexander 's death and the formation of the aechean league , the makedons were not only greek , but the supreme greek leaders . 
  thessaloniki became incredibly wealthy and greek culture centered around makedon . 
  the macedonians merged with all the other greeks after the fall of makedon in 148 bc and the fall of free greece to rome . 
  a macedonian minority never existed , the greeks became a single people , letting go of their city-state form of ethnic ties . 
  also can you please stop saying ancient macedonians did not speak greek ? 
  did you miss the last time i proved you wrong or are you just avoiding facts and sticking to fyrom talking points ? 
  greek government want a debt restructuring since last year but merkel refused , i believe they made an agreement that if greece posts a surplus in 2014 , then debt restructuring can happen early 2015 . 
  if you saw the video i posted of japonica investments , kazarian interview he claims that greek debt is actually 100 % . 
  he said he assembled his best accountant team of 100 + people and worked for over a year in gathering all of greece 's financial statements/paperwork and used in his own words `` the strictest accounting method on earth '' . 
  and using this method he found greece has less than 100 % debt . 
  the 175 % is a number picked by imf/eu in 2008 using models of `` predictions '' of greek economy that have been proven to be wrong and false , imf even said they made a mistake . 
  my hope is that a thorough intensive debt re-structuring is made using the help greek government received from kazarian 's 100 + accounting team and bring the debt way down to a fair level, 
  the greek leagues were formed before makedon 's rise to power . 
  you need to understand that the makedon 's rise to power was swift , think of hitler 's rise to power which took 10-15 years , along those lines . 
  philip learned how to defeat the spartans in battle , something thought impossible for hundreds of years . 
  he used this knowledge to build his own personal army in his greek homeland . 
  all the greek city-states joined makedon to form the aechean hellenic league . 
  which you somehow forgot ? 
  philip 's rise to power started in the oracle of delphi , a place only allowed to greeks only . 
  he asked the oracle how to gain power and the oracle responsed by saying something along the lines of taking control of silver weapons . 
  philip then proceeded to capture all the silver mines in northern greece and used this wealth to form an alliance with all the nearby greek cities against athens , the last remaning super-power of greece since sparta has shattered after the loss against thebes . 
  now lets talk after alexanders death , shall we ? 
  the period of alexanders death to the fall of makedon in 148 bc is known as the hellenic age . 
  the makedon royalty formed the aechean league which was an alliance of all free greeks against the romans in the four roman wars , the fourth being the defeat at makedon in 148 bc . 
  makedons , spartans , thebans , athenians , etc every greek city-state . 
  ceased to exist in 148 bc . 
  the next few hundred years saw the birth of the new greek which was not based on city-state `` purity '' like the spartans , athenians , makedons were obsessed with but instead a ethnic greek person with no city-state affilliation like their ancestors . 
  now do you understand why i get angry with fyrom people who claim they are 110 % pure makedons ? 
  something that ceased to exist in 148 bc !, 
  by 400 ad when rome fell , the idea of a `` pure '' makedon or spartan would be considered lunacy to greek people . 
  these new greeks that formed the power-base of the byzantine empire came from across mainland/island greece and were not so racist against each other like in ancient times were a spartan and athenian would kill each other on sight . 
  also this whole idea that greeks viewed themselves as `` roman '' is non-sense . 
  the greek aristocracy in byzantine era absolutely viewed themselves as roman but the common greek villager did not . 
  they viewed romans as heretics for following a different christian religion , this is when the greek identity became intertwined with greek orthodoxy and to this very day is the core trait of greek identity . 
  only in very recent decades has the discovery of ancient greek wonders really taken hold of the modern greeks imagination , and we can finally let go of intense religious belief with a new identity, 
  you confuse ancient greek with ancient athenian , they are not the same thing . 
  like i said , athenians viewed themselves as a completely different race/culture to all other greeks be it thebans , spartans or makedons . 
  the quote from athenian statesmen that makedons were `` barbarians '' was in his point of view correct as the makedon culture of war was barbaric to the athenian way of life which he wanted to keep . 
  most of the northern greek city-states joined makedon immediately after philip organized his army . 
  greek ethnicity has always been based on mainland greece , greek culture was `` exported '' by the millions of greeks who traveled to different countries spreading greek culture such as egypt and syria . 
  when islamic empire took over these countries they stopped being greek . 
  when islamic empire took over greece , greek people/customs still existed but just under a foreign power . 
  i like you try to say that greece was `` invented '' just like fyrom , like greek people just woke up one day in 1800 because a brit told them too fight or something !, 
  greek culture/ethnicity for the last 1,000 years centered around greek orthodoxy . 
  when the ottomans came , the orthodox church became the only entity in greece that preserved greek culture/language so they became the essential aspect of every greek 's life and this has only settled downa bit in the last 20 years . 
  the greek people did not `` build '' an identity leading up or after independence war or invent one like fyrom ` ians . 
  the greek people lived in isolated enclaves around greece which centered around the local greek orthodox church . 
  they had no money , power , weapons or anything really until byron came and helped the greeks . 
  when there was a way to gain freedom they took it , not because of an invented identity . 
  greeks only wanted freedom of religion which is all they ever wanted . 
  `` classical greek '' has only been very recently in the last 30-40 years explored by modern greeks as a way to boost tourism . 
  before/after independence war , the only identity greeks had was greek orthodoxy , and this is because being greek orthodox was the only way you could prove you were 100 % greek , as turks were not allowed to convert to orthodoxy . 
  over 1-2 million greeks who converted to islam to gain the ottomans favor were purged from greece soon after the independence war . 
  . no `` romantic '' bullshit like you claim . 
  it was alot of sectarianism and racism . 
  also on the last line . 
  you claim `` most '' of greek history took place outside of greek borders . 
  outside of alexanders conquest to afghanistan , what exactly are you referring too . 
  the greek history i know of primarily revolves around modern greek borders, 
  if he goes to uk he will serve 3 years in prison and get a free home once hes out, 
   i like how you echo how the greeks viewed macedonia ( as a backwards shithole basically unrelated to greece ) while arguing that macedonia is still greece !, 
  not the `` greeks '' viewed makedon this way , athenians did . 
  athenians viewed only themselves as `` true '' greeks and all others as `` lower greeks '' including the spartans . 
  this is because athenians believed music , philosophy , education , arts , theater should be regarded as highly as warfare and religion which none other city-states did . 
  `` basically unrelated to greece '' where did you see me type that ? 
  they were a poor people and virtually a non-entity during the height of sparta/athens power . 
  it is only when king philip got into power and he joined the thebans in their war against the spartans did the makedon 's gain significant power and knowledge . 
  philip used the tactics he used to defeat the spartan army with the thebans into evolving the makedon army into the supreme fighting force of greece . 
  `` their language was not considered greek '' i bet you read that in some nice fyrom ` ian history book huh ? 
  the makedon spoke a north-western greek dialect http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ancient_macedonian_language  recent epigraphic discoveries in the greek region of macedonia , such as the pella curse tablet , suggest that ancient macedonian was a variety of the northwestern ancient greek dialects after makedons conquest , they shifted to the `` lingua franca '' of the time which was koine greek . 
  greeks have always been and always will be xenophobic , even in 2014 we are probably the most backwards country in europe when it comes to xenophobia . 
  now imagine 2,000 years ago . 
  greek ethnicity was based on location on the local level first , so village  then general region ( island/city )  larger region cluster ( dodekanese/peleponese ) . 
  and just like today , greek ethnicity is tied with religion which is why greece is the only country on earth outside of saudi arabia with a state religion . 
  you fyrom ` ians love to make it seem that macedonians and greeks were two completely different entities , but the reality is that you are 100 % bulgarians . 
  countless dna tests have been done and fyrom is 99.999 % the same as any other bulgarian , your language is bulgarian , your customs are bulgarian , your national heroes outside of alexander are bulgarian . 
  you would think if a `` macedonian '' minority existed ever they would be mentioned just one time ever in history books . 
  but yet , we find no evidence ever in history of this minority . 
  they never existed during roman occupation , never existed during byzantine era , never even fucking existed during the balkan wars which only happened 50 years before fyrom was invented form thin air . 
  the ancient macedonians were fiercely proud greeks , absolute ultra-nationalists of their time . 
  when alexander the great burned down babylon , he did so for revenge of xerxes burning down athens , not skopje . 
  macedonians had the same language , as all other greeks macedonians had the same religion , as all other greeks macedonians used the same architecture , as all other greeks macedonians served the same arts , as all other greeks macedonians used the same names , as all other greeks macedonians had the same traditions , as all other greeks macedonians had the same myths , as all other greeks macedonians had the same heroes , as all other greeks macedonians had the same rituals , as all other greeks macedonians had the same customs , as all other greeks macedonians were greeks . 
  now go back to reading your made in skopje history books !, 
  fyrom vote brigade found this thread your comment went from -5 to +3 / 4 and my comment went from +5 to -3 in less than 10 minutes . 
  i support samaras who is leading greece now , he is a center-right politician who is very agressive in building up investments in greece and managed to get the tap pipeline into greece during a time of instability . 
  the people who are to blame are the socialists who ran greece into bankruptcy from the 1980 's -2008 . 
  their political party pasok was destroyed but many of them have formed a new socialist party syriza . 
  yes , it will take until 2020-2022 to see the full effect of the work of past few years, 
  i do not care of fyrom calls themselves macedonia at all , let me clarify . 
  if fyrom changed its name to north makedonia or something like that , it could be a fair deal for both sides . 
  what fyrom is doing is saying `` macedonians were not greeks !, 
  they were macedonians !,
