  i know it was just stupid talk on both sides , but i found it interesting how vilified greece became for a period of time . 
  it would only work if it was an island between italy and greece and both countries shared responsibility for the island camp , otherwise it would never work . 
  because they want them to leave france , they have absolutely no incentive to stop anything . 
  everybody knows you stole noahs ark from them !, 
  what treasures did you find in it that you keep secret :(, 
  crete is very far away from the crisis the main islands affected are kos and lesvos, 
  the goal is for 30-35 million tourists by 2030 , there is a major push to bring in the new chinese middle class and also upper-middle class/wealthy middle easterners ( dubai/uae/qatar / etc ), 
  you forgot armenians , 
  yes , you should always start by ordering 1-2 plates of kalamari and a few salads and french fries plates while you decide on your main meal . 
  did you go to thessaloniki ? 
  that seems to be the hub of turkish tourism in greece at the moment . 
   as the rest of europe pretty much owns it now . 
  that is stupid to say , and not close to reality . 
  russian tourists have also dropped in greece due to crisis , but eu tourism has gained huge amount . 
  for example on zakynthos island , russian tourist has dropped 80 % in 2015 compared to 2014 , but polish tourist have risen 80 % to cover that gap . 
  greek tourism officials have done a great job this season in promoting tourism to eu during the crisis weeks when banks were shut down , they managed to salvage the season and hit all the projection goals . 
  not in same group as faroe islands , so we have a chance . 
  the candidate will be tsipras , he is resigning for the sole purpose of consolidating his power within syriza . 
  the only other likely candidate would be [ tsakalotos ] ( https://youtu.be/wofkcembrge?t=4m40s ) , the finance minister . 
  i was thinking the same thing recently , but i was thinking of the post-ice age migration into europe . 
  athenians were great warriors but suffered from poor leadership due to democracy . 
  democracy only works in peace time and athens was in a state of war or near-war at all times , i think they just got to comfortable and this caused their downfall . 
  due to poor leadership they decided to send 40,000 of their best men to sicily to fight the spartan kingdom there , they lost all the men and they got athens destroyed due to this as sparta then sieged the walls of athens and took it eventually . 
  athenians also were not able to make long-lasting alliances with greek city-states because they viewed themselves as the natural ruler of all greeks , and looked down upon the lower greek city-states , including makedon before philip came along . 
  makedon basically did everything opposite of athens which is why they succeded where athens failed . 
  they made long-lasting alliances with other city-states , they had a militaristic monarchy and not some democracy led by senile old men , they shared wealth and glory and riches of conquest , they modernized their military with new tactics and weapons , and they did not look down on others . 
  sparta and athens basically destroyed each other while philip was uniting all the northern greek tribes , it 's hard to say who would have won if all 3 were at their peak . 
  they are brought to athens , some stay in refugee center and others take public bus to thessaloniki . 
  not much you can do to control them since it would be against `` rights '' of the illegals, 
  varoufakis opposes the pro-russia stance of lafazanis . 
  varoufakis will stay in syriza unless he quits politics, 
  this election will make syriza more powerful and stable which is why juncker backs this decision, 
  the best greek show is `` 60 minutes greece '' here is a full episode , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzxi1ncwyu0 i have seen a bunch of episodes , you will not find a better place to see areas of greece outside of the touristy areas , they have great cinematography ( ? 
  ) / photography on the show , you can see very nice images on it . 
  another episode - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woiz5tnubwy, 
  tsipras called this election due to far-left section of his party opposing the bailout . 
  tsipras has no real competition in upcoming elections like last one , and he has around 70 % approval rating . 
  tsipras has something like 70 % approval rating , he will win by land-slide . 
  there is nobody else even close to him , lafazanis is considered a communist/radical element with very little support . 
  true story , a bunch of germans just stole a bag of fish from this morning , i have reported this german fish stealing gang to the police . 
  lafazanis is really hated right now for fucking everything up , he would see a new crisis happen in greece just to get a few votes . 
  the problem is that everybody sees through his disgusting plan , i hope his political career gets destroyed on september 20 . 
  the left platform led by lafazanis will certainly split from syriza , this will make syriza a more center-left party, 
  greece has no control of any of these `` migrants '' , most of them before even reaching greece have contacts in northern europe through mosque or family connections that transport them . 
  the problem is that nobody in europe wants more of incompatible migrants . 
  we can handle a small amount of 3rd world aggressive muslims , not a never-ending stream of them . 
  nobody would be angry if these were ukrainian immigrants running away from war , they have same culture and can assimilate easily . 
  3rd world islamic immigration is not sustainable and its going to lead to civil conflict across europe if it continues as it is right now . 
  albanian/greek mafia ( yes they work together ) bring them to northwest greece and bring them to italy with boats or just up the border through croatia . 
  around 95 % according to un, 
  there is not much syriza can do but try to make the deal as good as possible , which from what i have read they are doing . 
  this 14 regional airport deal was made years ago by new democracy but has been stalled for a long time . 
  in re-worked deal at least 10-15 % of airport stake will be kept in local control . 
  [ there a few privatizations that have been stalled for a while and part of bailout agreement is that the stalled projects must be fast-tracked ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/200636/article/ekathimerini/business/port-elliniko-regional-airports-to-be-fast-tracked-by-taiped ), 
  title is not editorialized . 
  previous energy minister lafazanis , is a russian puppet and wants to leave euro for drachma . 
  he was putting all his cards on the table for the gazprom pipeline and was not making good impression with azerbaijan . 
  since he left his position the new energy minister has priortized the tap pipeline . 
  this does not mean that gazprom pipeline wont happen , it likely will but it is not being prioritized as the only option like previous energy minister . 
  syriza did not make this deal , this was under contract from new democracy . 
  part of the bailout agreement was that all privitizations that have been stalled the last few years must be fast-tracked , this includes this 14 regional airport , piraeus deal , ellinko development and a few smaller ones . 
  the only controversial one is this airport deal but from reports i have read about it there is going to be thousands of jobs created and modernization of these airports will also happen , so i will not judge until a few years after the deal is complete . 
  those ducks were confirmed to have spied on military positions tbf, 
  shale gas is the homosex of natural resources, 
  your local orthodox church is fine also, 
  mostly british but also greeks and other tourists, 
  british traditional pubs are very common in greek tourism areas , most of them run and managed by ex-pats . 
  yes , but in delian league the small village like city-states understood that athens , thebes , etc were in charge just like the smaller nations of eu understand that the bigger nations are essentially in charge . 
  obviously the eu is far far more democratic than the delian league but i found some similarities interesting . 
  that is true i have actually been thinking about it lately . 
  the modern eu is sort of like the [ delian league ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delian_league ) . 
  eu essentially plays the role of the delian league and the nations within the eu act like the city-state . 
  so in a way modern europe already is a city-state structure with the inception of the eu . 
  eventually the delian league fell when it became the athenian empire in all but name , and city-states began to revolt . 
  ( i do n't see this happening with eu but just found it interesting ), 
  i was going to debate that a city-state structure in modern europe could actually work , but i do n't think this is right thread to debate that . 
  edit : for example , luxemborg is an example of a modern city-state both in size and structure . 
  maybe the 300,000 th `` i hate russia '' thread, 
  good job man , please fix this disaster, 
  [ mirjam tapper posts that she has seen photos sent to here from someone that was at the crime scene . 
  ] ( https://www.facebook.com/mirjam.tapper/posts/10206256165715743 ) `` just seen a couple of pictures taken by a visitor at ikea . 
  the images and text to them had legs almost give way under me . 
  if the photos are authentic ( i have no reason to believe that they are not ) it shows that what many long feared has now happened in sweden . 
  the murders appear to be sheer terror act . '', 
  thread regarding immigration that shows them in positive light = this is 100 % acceptable !, 
  the 1 million threads that get deleted a day by mods which show the truth = delete it immediately i just had a thread about the ikea beheading get deleted in literally 30 seconds . 
  30 fucking seconds ** also op is an islamic propagandist , look at his post history ** `` the quran/hadith warns about groups such as isis : '' hahaha `` in all fairness , this behaviour is n't exclusive to muslims . 
  there 's plenty of contentious white trash out there . '', 
  `` 90 % of halal meat in england alone had been pre-stunned before killed . '', 
  `` yes , kill all 10,000 + members of the house of saud . 
  kill the kids and women first !, 
  '' ( it was sarcasm , apparently he is a big fan of saudi royalty ) `` so criticizing orthodox jews is basically hitler ? '', 
  `` there 's 2 types of jihad , the bigger jihad and the smaller jihad . 
  the bigger jihad is fighting internally to make yourself be the best person you can . 
  the smaller jihad is fighting people in self-defence that have come to take your land . '', 
  `` that muslims are good people , they are n't . '', 
  i always find it hilarious how people like you use some african warlords waging war against other tribes as some sort of christian religious war . 
  the reason people in car are killing each other is not because of religion , it is because ak-47 's were handed out to tribal societies with no other form of way to make a living other than pillaging each other . 
  now also , please compare car `` christian '' fighters to the actual big african religious militaries like boko haram and al-shabab which have 1000000000x more fighters . 
  boko haram will eventually control half of nigeria , with a population of hundreds of millions under their control .
