  it shall be concluded on behalf of the union by the council , acting by a qualified majority , after obtaining the consent of the european parliament . 
  [ `` article 50 confirms the possibility of member states to leave the eu , and it is clearly the only legal route to leave , as a matter of eu law . 
  there 's no possibility to throw a member state out of the eu against its will , although its membership could be suspended if there are serious and continued breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law \\ ( article 7 teu \\ ) . 
  that clause has never been used to date either . 
  '' ] ( http://eulawanalysis.blogspot.com/2014/12/article-50-teu-uses-and-abuses-of.html ) ( note for a member to be sanctoned/suspended for humans rights/rule of law violation requires a unanimous vote ), 
  not according to eu law, 
  it does not matter what `` appearances '' are , only actual eu law and the eu law is very very clear in how a member state can enter or exit it . 
  i do n't think you understand much about geo-politics if you think eu would want greece to exit the eu . 
  syriza was ordered/told by the eu/imf that it could not pass any reforms unless an entire reform package was agreed to by the eu/imf . 
  syriza built their entire campaign around reforms . 
  you have no understanding of the bigger picture . 
  germany benefits immensely from an artificially low euro by a perpetually crisis greece . 
  there would never be a deal made by eu that would see greece return to growth or economic stability since that would damage german exports which massively depend on an artificially low euro being dragged down from never-ending grexit fears . 
  the eu was never or will never have the interests of greece in mind since to them it is a zero-sum game and helping greece would hurt france-germany , thus there is no possible way for a solution to this crisis other than a final grexit . 
  the only thing that matters is documented eu law , not theories or `` possibilities '' , etc. 
  in eu law , a member state who breaks a clause/treaty/etc or violates human rights or other extreme things can be put up for vote for suspension of membership . 
  a suspension is the harshest penalty a member state can receive and can only be done with a unanimous vote by every single member state in favor , which will never happen against greece , for one because of cyprus obviously which will veto any such attempt but most importantly because greece is to geo-politically important for the eu due to its location . 
  putin would love any failed attempt to kick greece out of the eu since one it would fail to actually kick greece out of the eu and greece would completely tilt to russia while still being in the eu which is the worst case scenario for the powers that be . 
  the only legal and possible way for greece to exit the eu is by its own will , such as britain might choose to do in the future , which will never happen in greece also . 
  not really , greece wouldnt leave the eurozone exactly as much as it would have to print drachmas which is the same thing in the end . 
  leaving the eu is completely unrelated . 
  greece is n't leaving the eu no matter what happens , nor can it be removed or threatened with removal . 
  game theory is exactly why they called a referendum . 
  if syriza signed any form of agreement with lendors , syriza would fragment and in-fight over the next few years as no real signs of economic progress happened ( and it wouldnt have ) if syriza unilaterraly said go back to the drachma , it would possibly create snap elections calling a referendum was probably varoufakis idea . 
  you make it seem like germany has not massively profited off the bailouts and greece 's perpetual economic crisis . 
  greece is n't leaving the eu , also it wo n't remain poor for decades unless it decides to stick with the euro currency, 
  the vote isnt pro or anti-reforms . 
  what the fuck ? 
  it is basically go back to drachma ( with reforms ) or do anything it takes to stay in euro . 
  ( with reforms ), 
  i will take historical and old allies russia then any of our `` allies '' in the eu . 
  ( except cyprus of course ), 
  the bric 's bank is for post-default , not to prevent it . 
  once greece defaults , the agenda for syriza will no longer be trying to negotiate a deal with eu technocrats in brussels , it will be complete economic focused around job growth which the bric 's investments will assist . 
  i do n't think you understand , the bric 's isnt for `` bailouts '' with austerity measures meant to cripple the economy . 
  it is purely for growth-investment projects , not some digital numbers on a computer somewhere . 
  china/russia have around 20-30 billion in upcoming investments planned for greece so it would make sense to centralize it around the bric 's bank . 
  yeh sure , but there is no law in nato that you can not use kalashnikov 's, 
  [ greece was ranked # 1 in reforms by oecd in 2013/2014 ] ( http://coppolacomment.blogspot.com/2015/02/reforms-bloody-reforms.html ) , the past governments implemented every single reform the imf/eu demanded , mainly cutting public sector , wages , employee rights , etc. 
  the problem is that the eu/imf are asking for more of the same when the previous `` fixes '' did nothing but worsen the situation . 
  greece managed to balance its budget through unprecedented austerity in a 3 year span but it destroyed the economy . 
  there is no trust that continuing with following the imf/eu demands will fix anything . 
  and most people believe that their agenda is to actually worsen the situation . 
  [ good timing or just coincidence the referendum was planned for july 5 ? 
  ] ( http://rt.com/business/257701-greece-russia-brics-invitation ) . 
   `` the prime minister ( tsipras ) thanked storchak and said he was pleasantly surprised by the invitation for greece to be the sixth member of the brics development bank . 
  tsipras said greece is interested in the offer , and promised to thoroughly examine it . 
  [ bric 's bank opens for business on july 7 ] ( http://thebricspost.com/brics-bank-to-commence-business-on-7-july/ ) , 2 days after greek referendum . 
  good timing or just a coincidence ? 
  putin and the bric 's president formally invited greece to join last month . 
  there is no such thing as nato army, 
  if it was free money , there wouldnt be 8 billion in interest payments in 30 days over the next 2 months . 
  it would not make sense to call for referendum so early , both sides were negotiation up to the wire and past midnight on the final day and reached a deadlock . 
  troika put up a hard-line that they want to continue the great depression of greece as it benefits their agenda , so a vote is needed to decide . 
  the bailout was the largest financial scam in human history , off-loading hundreds of billions of toxic assets out of northern european banks and onto the shoulders of greek citizens . 
  when the greek pm said he was holding a referendum on to wheter accept the first bailout , he was blackmailed ( swiss accounts ) and forced out of office in a silent coup 7 days later , followed by a eu technocrat taking office and signing the bailout agreements . 
  the real story of the bailouts and punishments for those who took part of this scam will unfold over the next few decades . 
  there will be people going to prison for this scam 20-30 years from now for their role in it . 
  russia is building a 50-60 billion cubic meter gas pipeline through greece , construction begins in 6-12 months . 
  also greece has been offered to start manufacturing kalashnikov 's which would likely lead to much more partnership in military . 
  the referendum is not a `` bluff '' , the point varoufakis made is that negotiations are still open since shauble said greece unilaterally ended negotiations , varoufakis is now saying that is not true . 
  they are not giving money , they are financing public-private investment projects . 
  these are n't `` bailouts '' , they are investment projects in the fields of shipping , energy , tourism and real estate . 
  china has major infrastructure projects in the plans for greece worth tens of billions . 
  they likely want greece in bric 's more than russia . 
  the bric 's bank will not come with conditions of austerity , the main goal is for investment growth projects . 
  two already known projects is the greek stream pipeline to carry 50 billion cubic meters of russian gas into europe and the [ cosco piraeus deal ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wu1o7tc.jpg ) . 
  russia/china are also interested in making greece the central plot of their `` silk road '' strategy , with plans to build railway lines from thessaloniki up through balkans/europe , further shipping deals in thessaloniki and china has openly said they want to make athens their airplane hub of europe . 
  regardless of the yes/no vote next sunday , it is 100 % likely greece will join the bric 's bank as the 6th member in the next few weeks . 
  [ putin already invited greece to bric 's development bank and tsipras said he would make a final decision about it soon ] ( http://rt.com/business/257701-greece-russia-brics-invitation/ ) . 
   `` the prime minister ( tsipras ) thanked storchak and said he was pleasantly surprised by the invitation for greece to be the sixth member of the brics development bank . 
  tsipras said greece is interested in the offer , and promised to thoroughly examine it . 
  he will have a chance to discuss the invitation with the other brics leaders during the 2015 international economic forum in st. petersburg , '' the statement said . 
  most likely will join the bric 's development bank when it opens in a few weeks , which was likely the plan all along . 
  greece has the most balanced budget in the eu before interest payments , your point makes no sense . 
  the problem is that the interest payments for previous bailout are so massive , greece needs a mini-bailout to pay the first bailout . 
  and then in a few years will need another mini bail-out to pay the interest rates for the previous mini-bailout and the first bailout . 
  and then a few years later will need another loan to pay the previous two mini-bailouts and the first bailout . 
  etc it is unsustainable and and in general a complete financial scam . 
  syriza was not elected to exit the euro or continue austerity . 
  they were voted because they were seen as technocrats who were willing to negotiate hard unlike the previous puppet governments which signed agreements that they did not understand . 
  now that the deadline is here and the troika has put upa hardline to continue the great depression of greece with no chance of economic sustainability , the only option is to now give a referendum vote . 
  100 billion was not given in 1 week , the ceiling was risen to 100 billion, 
  isis was created by aq as the official iraq branch . 
  in 2012 aq created al-nusra as the official syrian branch . 
  there was dispute when isis started skirmishes in syria and eventually all out war between isis and nusra which then officially split isis from aq . 
  we will sell the euro 2004 trophy for a good price . 
   at every point in time that greece got money lent to them by creditors they could have said no and stop the overborrowing but they did n't care , they wanted more . 
  the greek pm in 2010 wanted to bring to a nation wide vote if the bailouts shoudl be taken or to not accept them . 
  7 days later he was kicked out of office from a silent coup and replaced by a pro-eu technocrat who signed the bailout agreements . 
  200 billion euros later with the promise of sustained gdp/debt and better economy , those 200 billion euros have now crippled greece and now greece needs more loans to pay back the bailout loans which should have never been accepted . 
  . and then in a few years greece will need mroe loans to pay back this new mini-bailout loan which was used to pay back the 2010 bailout loan . 
  varoufakis proposing to create a 15,000 independent tax agency based of the irs is core of the reform package . 
  the reforms presented by syriza are more than eu/imf initially asked , but for some reason this whole thing has become a political war . 
  you still think the imf has the best interests of greece in mind ? 
  how many examples of them not do i have to link ? 
  what are you basing that off of ? 
  both sides appear to be entrenched and positioning for a return to drachma . 
  varoufakis has already proposed as part of the reforms creating a 15,000 person independent tax agency based on the american irs . 
  it is realpolitik , and not that hard to understand why .
