  but i guess you know better than them and all those `` idiots '' who actually led and fought in ww2 . 
  ** `` i am sorry because i am getting old and i shall not live long to thank the greek people , whose resistance decided ww ii . 
  '' ** - joseph stalin ( from a speech of his broadcast by the moscow radio station on 31 january 1943 after the victory of stalingrad and the capitulation of german 6th army field marshal von paulus ) ** `` the word heroism i am afraid does not render the least of those acts of self-sacrifice of the greeks , which were the defining factor in the, 
  please understand on your point 6 . . 
  there was no such thing as slavs anywhere near greece until around 900-1 ,200 ad . 
  in 148 bc the land of modern day fyrom was inhabited by the thracians , the enemy of the makedons . 
  and they existed there for hundreds of more years until the slavic push from the east . 
  i 'm sorry for being rude . 
  . . but i get extremely angry at people making up facts like you do and other revisionist of history . 
  i would expect better from a archaeologist . 
  understand this . 
  there ceased to exist a people called macedonians in 148 bc . 
  they assimilated with the other greek city-states to form the modern greek person . 
  by the time of the slavic push circa 800-1 ,200 ad the idea of a `` pure '' macedonian was dead for a thousand years . 
  the area of modern day fyrom has never been macedonia . 
  . this is the land of the enemy of macedonians in antiquity . 
  the kingdom of makedon is entirely inside modern day greece . 
  the people of modern day fyrom were called `` vardaskans '' up until late ottoman times . 
  they were `` transformed '' into macedonians from foreign powers ( mainly soviet ) so they could claim greek land and access to the sea . 
  if you are not on the greek side of this issue you are an enemy of greece , i do n't give a fuck where you come from , if you try to distort history to paint these slavic scum who appeared 1,000 years after alexanders death as `` macedonians '' you are our enemy . 
  yes , this is how serious it is . 
  they also represent the syrian rebels as little angels wanting to bring freedom and democracy to syria and never report on the terrorists and beheaders who completely dominate the syrian opposition or the fact that 75 % of the rebels are not even syrian . 
  they are a propaganda network of qatar and have their agenda just like rt and fox news . 
  i would say that orthodoxy was distinct long before the fall of constantinople , i believe the date was 800-900 ad when greek-macedonian ruler of byzantine sent a group of orthodox priests to russia to convert them . 
  this move by the greek-macedonian leader still has lasting impacts to this day . 
  also during the ottoman empire , the official law was sharia . 
  this meant that the un-taxed religion in the empire was islam and the greeks had to pay a tax ( [ jizya ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jizya ) ) for their religion . 
  [ in 642 ad , alexandria was captured by the muslim army of amr ibn al ` aas . 
  there are five arabic sources , all at least 500 years after the supposed events , which mention the fate of the library . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/destruction_of_the_library_of_alexandria ) abd ' l latif of baghdad ( 1162 -- 1231 ) states that the library of alexandria was destroyed by amr , by the order of the caliph omar . 
  [ 18 ] the story is also found in al-qifti ( 1172 -- 1248 ) , history of learned men , from whom bar hebraeus copied the story . 
  [ 19 ] the longest version of the story is in the syriac christian author bar-hebraeus ( 1226 -- 1286 ) , also known as abu ' l faraj . 
  he translated extracts from his history , the chronicum syriacum into arabic , and added extra material from arab sources . 
  in this historia compendiosa dynastiarum [ 20 ] he describes a certain `` john grammaticus '' ( 490 -- 570 ) asking amr for the `` books in the royal library . '', 
  amr writes to omar for instructions , and omar replies : `` if those books are in agreement with the quran , we have no need of them ; and if these are opposed to the quran , destroy them . 
  '' [ 21 ] al-maqrizi ( 1364 -- 1442 ) also mentions the story briefly , while speaking of the serapeum . 
  [ 22 ] there is also a story in ibn khaldun ( 1332 -- 1406 ) which tells that omar made a similar order about persian books . 
  [ 23 ] also , you also make up historical `` facts '' when you state such things like greece was merely a `` district '' in the roman empire for 2,000 years when after the fall of rome , the greeks took complete control of the eastern empire and made official language greek , official religion greek-orthodoxy , military was greek and leaders were greek . 
  yet you claim they were just a servant to rome ? 
  if i make a controversial statement , accept the fact that you do the same . 
  i am not making up anything , i only generalize things at times if i do n't feel like going into detail . 
  if you could give me an example of a made up `` fact '' i would like to see . 
  do n't need to be rude , yes i did not meant to say the entire empire was greek since it included over a dozen modern countries in it . 
  it was the first allied victory of ww2 , so yes people do care . 
  especially ww2 history buffs, 
  not in its last days . 
  for nearly 1,000 years , 
  holy fuck , you must be a skopian to say such idiotic things like `` isnt fact they were greek '' greek is not an ethnicity in ancient greece times you dunce , greek in ancient times meant you were greek cultured as in your spoke greek , believed in greek gods , took part in olympics and too part in the yearly delphi pilgrimage . 
  . macedonia did all these things and much more . 
  alexander marched thousands of miles to spread greek culture . 
  please accept this fact that macedonians were 100 % greek before you say such idiotic things . 
  after alexanders death , the macedonian monarchy led all the greek people into 4 major wars against the romans in 250 years . 
  after the fall of makedon in 148 bc , macedonians/athenians/spartans / etc all mixed together to form the modern greek people . 
  when you say stupid shit like `` oh but this athenian statesman ( who was enemy of makedon ) said they were barbarians !!, 
  my fyromian teacher told me this is proof !!!, 
  that means us slavs must be the true makedons !!!, 
  no , you fucking piece of shit . 
  . you idiots appeared 1,000 years after the fall of makedon in 148 bc . 
  accept the truth and then maybe we can go from there . 
  re-name yourselves to your historical name of vardaska and we wont have to destroy your shitty country . 
  they are not simply wanting to use the name . 
  if they were like `` hey the greek macedonians were great , can we use the name ? '', 
  i would have no issue , but they are not doing that . 
  they say that macedonia was not greek , that they can only claim macedonia and greece has no claim to macedonia, 
  how do you place all 12 million greeks into a single body ? 
  that is unfair , imo . 
  the truth is that nobody in greece or anywhere else is reporting this because it is a non-issue . 
  the people who are demanding this are the last greek survivors of ww2 , and they have no influence or much support . 
  even in the aj pic it looks to be 15 people there, 
  nobody in greece is `` asking '' for this or any greek media reporting this . 
  this is a movement done by the last survivors of ww2 and has no influence . 
  al-jazera usually posts this story once a month to stir up anti-greek feelings, 
  just fyi , tax evasion ( 99.99 % by wealthy ) accounted for 40-50 billion of the 300 billion debt bubble . 
  150-200 billion came from military contracts , mainly from germany . 
  this is again more bullshit from al jazera no other greek or european media is reporting this because it is a non issue . 
  this rally picture they took has like 10 people there . 
  i could be wrong if someone can find another source ? 
  the official language was greek , official religion was greek orthodox they identified with those two things just like modern greeks . 
  the aristocrats and greek royalty did see themselves as roman , not the normal greek guy living on some island, 
  [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onoxc7e7lo0 ) some points from the video : `` they were talking about the ukraine minister who ordered second phase of the anti-terrorism operation , which was putting the city under blockade . 
  they were making sarcastic comments look at this blockade , [ saying ] we had no problems getting these three prisoners in , from their point of capture in another area , keep up the good blockade . '', 
  two out of three of the officers were security in ukrainian embassy in iraq , one in 2004 , another one in 2009-2010 one of the detained officers said alpha does not have blood on their hands and that they are not going to fight their own people the bearded officer repetitively calls for a diplomatic solution , and says that people on both sides of the conflict are prisoners of the situation . 
  `` as he says that , someone behind the camera says , `` what diplomacy my dear , we have 7 orphans here '' to which he immediately responds we do n't have anything in common with right sector . '', 
  separatist commander says they will be either exchanged for separatist prisoners or kept as pows until the conflict is resolved they arrived on airplane then helicopter to kramatorsk weaponry wise , they had `` two long '' and `` four short , '' meaning two assault rifles and four pistols ( ? ), 
  given the situation , they say their mission was unrealistic/doomed since the beginning they were supposed to meet a higher up for further details on the mission once they arrived , within an hour , they were arrested the bald guy says they needed to stalk the guy who occupied police building and kidnap him when possible ( indeed an impossible mission ) the interview asks if the families of the officers were threatened . 
  the main officer says directly no , but indirectly , it 's possible ( he 's being unclear ) . 
  says person who gave them orders had a green uniform w/o insignia . 
  no names given . 
  main guy served in ukrainian forces since '96 bearded guy again emphasizes that alpha is the only morally good division of forces remaining ( sounds apologetic ) the guy in a hoodie said they were indeed armed . 
  the guy in the hoodie says no mission was given , interviewer then says but you just said you came for the specific person . 
  then the main guy says they just arrived today so no clear steps were given yet regarding the mission . 
  bearded separatist says the guy they were hunting arrested the officers and brought them there . 
  tells alpha has low qualifications and no manliness bearded officer again defends alpha and calls fro diplomatic solution . 
  says everybody is the prisoner of situation and the time is of essence ukrainian authorities keep it quiet and do n't comment on the situation according to separatist . 
  they were sent secretly into separatist area undercover to capture a high-ranking separatist but were captured . 
  there is possibility that a double-agent in sbu , leaked the plan to the pro-russians . 
  [ on 28 october 1940 , after greek dictator ioannis metaxas rejected an italian ultimatum demanding the occupation of greek territory , italian forces invaded greece . 
  the greek army counterattacked and forced the italians to retreat . 
  by mid-december , the greeks occupied nearly a quarter of albania , tying down 530,000 italian troops . 
  in march 1941 , a major italian counterattack failed , humiliating italian military pretensions ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-italian_war ) the greek victory over the initial italian offensive of october 1940 was the first allied land victory of the second world war and helped raise morale in occupied europe .
