  not really , greek government managed to balance the budget through huge cost-cutting actions , but did not make any real structural reforms which is what greece needed . 
  the bailout funds were given to nd for keeping deficit numbers controlled , not for structural reforms like the new bailout which comes with dozens of very major structural reforms that must be implemented . 
  it boils down to a bailout for reforms deal , every bailout injection comes with a set of reform or privitization goals that must be achieved before release of funds , which is what should have been done with previous governments . 
  maybe they will update that thread about this event next week , should have great discussion about it then . 
   even christianity fought major wars for gods sake ... how ridiculous . 
  the difference being that the last time it happened the most advanced piece of technology on earth was catapults . 
  to fit a certain narrative, 
  you realize there is a difference between illegal and legal migration correct ? 
  i have no issue with legal migration , it is called illegal migration for a reason . 
  i am in favor of pretty much everything in the bailout , i am glad greece is being forced to modernize with dozens of large reforms . 
  i am only angry that previous governments could not accomplish it . 
  i have , there should be a zero-tolerance policy to illegal immigration like most other countries on earth . 
  the scum who wrote this article does not even give a second to praise the efforts of eu which has the most insane immigration policy on earth , yet that is still not good enough for them , nothing will ever be good enough until europeans are a tiny minority in their own countries . 
  if you ca n't see this you are blind . 
  aljazeera has a track record of being the official propaganda network of radical islamic extremist , why the fuck should they be taken seriously ? 
  they are trying to portray eu as evil when there are nearly a million illegal islamic `` migrants '' coming every year now , this is not good enough for them , they want more , maybe 2-3 million a year will be good enough for them . 
  maybe . 
  i wonder what motive a bunch of radical muslim propagandists would have for wanting to flood europe with tens of millions of muslims . 
  i wonder !, 
  i find it funny how the official propaganda network of saudi arabia and qatar which openly uses slave labor , talks about `` humanity '', 
  15 % i believe , i think it will go to 5 % when cosco fulfills the 500 million euros investment clause in the contract . 
  not all privitzation is good and not all is bad . 
  examples of good privitization are ones where the buyers invest massive amounts of money to modernize whatever they bought and bring in billions of euros of wealth . 
  an example of a bad privitization is someone buying a water company , not investing anything into it and then raising the price for local consumers . 
  greek government is primarily focused on the good sort of privitzation , they have talked about this often in interviews . 
  this port sell for example . 
  [ china ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wurnd1j.jpg ) bought minority stake around 3 years in piraeus and have already invested around 300 million euros to modernize it , created thousands of jobs which was a huge boost to local economy . 
  with the majority stake cosco will win , the deal is that they must invest 400-500 million more euros and the deal also comes with strict minimum wage and workers rights laws . 
  [ they are also already planning to build a modern ship repair facility in salamina to service the thousands of ships heading through there . 
  ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/168674/article/ekathimerini/business/cosco-plans-for-ship-repair-unit-at-salamina ) another example of privatization deal that will be completed soon is the helinkon real estate , the old location of athens airport which has been un-used for over a decade now . 
  [ the buyers are investing 10 billion euros to make it into a european holiday destination and central focus of athens tourism . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bmnlh2g_w8 ), 
  i have said it here before the # 1 way to get fascists and nazi 's into power in europe is to censor and ignore all discussion on immigration and call everyone who talks about it a racist . 
  people like me and others who are against open immigration are not `` fascists '' , we are the ones trying to stop fascism coming to power because if something is not done soon there is soon going to be a massive shift to far-right extremism , within 10-20 years max . 
  if leftists continue to call everyone debating immigration racist and censor all discussion and refuse to acknowledge this problem then fascism will come to power in europe , at this point the far-left are the best allies of the fascist who are waiting on the sidelines . 
  why are things heating up again ? 
  i thought it had calmed down drastically recently . 
  [ i knew it !, 
  that is a big issue with syriza also , the older generation such as my parents do not trust tsipras because he is atheist . 
  i still do n't understand whats wrong with this picture . 
  isis pretty much controls half of iraq now , it would have with or without the syrian war . 
  go look at iraq videos on liveleak from pre 2011 before syrian war started . 
  isi was in full swing long before syrian war and the syrian war only accelerated their growth which would have happened regardless . 
  isis was original isi , islamic state of iraq , created from a group of men who spent many years in [ abu-gharib/camp bucca prison ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2014/06/fierce-ambition-isil-baghdadi-2014612142242188464.html ) . 
  after the syrian war started , isis and al-qaeda who were allies during this time created the group al-nusra to be the official aq representive in syria . 
  when they grew bigger than isi , al-baghdadi decided to enter the syrian war and take control of the situation there , consolidating the jihadist forces already there , including al-nusra who still have a small group of fighters independent of isis . 
  i think we will have to wait a few decades to see the end result if it was or not . 
  i actually worded that wrong i think . 
  i meant that isis wants to frame kurds , not that turkey wants to frame kurds . 
  isis is losing ground to kurdish fighters in syria , thus they might have agents working in turkey . 
  [ scientific surveys of iraqi deaths resulting from the first four years of the iraq war found that between 151,000 to over one million iraqis died as a result of conflict during this time . 
  a later study , published in 2011 , found that approximately 500,000 iraqis had died as a result of the conflict since the invasion . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casualties_of_the_iraq_war ) the hundreds of thousands of iraqi 's murdered ofcourse does not count as genocide , nor the millions more murdered or soon to be murdered due to the fall-out of the war , primarily destroying the shia-sunni co-operation and the birth of isis . 
  there was no genocide occurring during or before the war . 
  it happened in the late 1980 's and the american illegal war in iraq was because they falsely accused sadaam of 9/11 which was more than a decade later . 
  who gives the right to usa to invade and replace leaders of a country ? 
  this is the `` shoot first , ask questions later '' approach and it has worked out horribly for everyone . 
  ok you got rid of sadaam but now you have isis , something 100x more dangerous than him , and on top of that the current iraq leadership are iranian puppets . 
  great you got rid of gadafi , but now his hometown is controlled by isis and the rest of country is in ruins and nothing more than a launchpad for illegal migration to europe , turning the wealthiest african nation to somalia 2.0 in less than 3 years . 
  good job !, 
  a good 1st step would be to stop handing out atgm 's and advanced special ops training to random people who eventually end up joining isis . 
   as with traditional portuguese pendulum elections , they ( psd ) are going to lose the elections and they know it , so might aswell cross their arms and leave the austerity implementation to the next elected government ( ps ) so they shrink in popularity and have and extra crysis in their hands . 
  that is the exact scenario in greece with previous new democracy government leading up to syriza coming to power . 
  new democracy implemented all reforms 2010-2013 and even ranked # 1 by oecd in implementation of these reforms . 
  then in 2014 with syriza growing , they stopped all reforms and austerity and crashed the economy just before syriza got into power . 
  the british dividing the middle east without even the slightest care to ethnic and religious lines could be considered the `` original sin '' of fucking shit up there . 
  but usa starting an illegal war which killed millions is right behind in causing this current mess . 
  there would be no such thing as isis if iraq war never happened . 
  if they walked past me , i would just nod and smile , maybe say something polite . 
  they are not insane , they are very aware they can not defeat europe by conventional methods . 
  australia has strict controls on immigration , eu has an open border policy `` if you get in you stay in '', 
  tensions are pretty much at breaking point since the little skirmish that killed dozens , i think this is just the fall-out of that event , but i could be wrong . 
  if this is an isis attack i would not be surprised . 
  two-fold advantage of committing terror attack and also framing your biggest regional enemy which is the kurds . 
  anything related to geo-politics or world finance is zero-sum . 
  that is very interesting , i had not considered that . 
  hopefully things calm down soon, 
  varoufakis never bashed on germans , he says in almost every speech that germans are being robbed from the bailouts and that he wants a solution to make both germany and greece prosper using a co-investment strategy . 
  hopefully the privitization super-fund greece is building accomplishes this role . 
  i think varoufakis made the situation worse because he always says inappropiate things , not to do with germany but just in general . 
  that is most older people in general, 
  [ eu-27 produces nearly as much as ukraine in sunflower oil ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/agriculture/?commodity=sunflowerseed-oil&amp;graph=production ) ( but definitely potential here for ukraine to export ) and [ eu-27 is # 1 producer of wheat ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/agriculture/?commodity=wheat&amp;graph=production ) and the [ # 1 in mixed grain ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/agriculture/?commodity=mixed-grain&amp;graph=production ), 
   greek politicians in this crisis were a able to spread their populist propaganda in all of europe this is not due to greece exporting its media though like bbc , it is because varoufakis toured around europe doing his speeches and interview everywhere , and he actually made the situation worse because of it . 
  spiegel is far better known than greek media network , the english version of that website gets tons of international traffic . 
  as far as propaganda , i do n't think it gets much worse than bild . 
  most people dont understand that putin did not ban eu fruits/veggies for revenge against eu , but to actually weaken ukraine even further . 
  putin understands that ukraine 's best chance for medium-term growth is to be a exporter of food to eu , so putin made the decision to ban all eu food to russia , thus causing a huge surplus of eu food products which is now being circulated within the eu markets . 
  it will be difficult for ukraine to find a niche to export to considering this , but it could be doable . 
  lafazanis is no longer energy minister , new energy minister has around 6 pipeline projects currently in the works for greece which is the main focus of syriza for medium-term growth , alongside the privatization projects . 
  yeh , i am not saying it is as bad as syria exactly , but it could eventually lead to a situation where it turns into the 70 's and 80 's again and intelligence service goes out of control . 
  this is how civil wars eventually start , this video could have been taken in syria 2010-2011 , same tactics and tensions . 
   and some of them get a german label and are re-exported outside the eu as `` made in germany '' . 
   source please . 
  this is very common , for example in honey production which is hurting greece due to this scam . 
  greece produces 100 % organic honey , probably the best quality in europe but it does not sell as well as the `` made in germany '' honey which also brands itself as locally made . 
  in reality germany buys their honey wholesale from china which is extremely low-quality shit , import it to germany , then put it in a fancy design bottle , slap a `` made in germany '' sticker on it and say it is high quality germany honey . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.thepressproject.net/article/54934/greek-beekeepers-become-latest-casualty-of-european-gm-labelling-war ) and to top it off , germany forced the eu to continue to allow this scam , while hurting real organic honey producers . 
  `` during the iran-iraq war hundreds of thousands volunteered for the basij , including children ** as young as 12 ** and unemployed old men , some in their eighties . 
  these volunteers were swept up in shi'i love of martyrdom and the atmosphere of patriotism of the war mobilization . 
  they were encouraged through visits to the schools and an intensive media campaign .
