  it is just not worth it when you can invest in clean energy which is making leaps in technology every decade . 
  no it would not , i hate how nuclear is suddenly 100 % safe and not acceptable to go against , since public opinion is extremely pro-nuclear energy . 
  there have been in less than 30 years something like 4-5 catastrophic nuclear accidents . 
  . in just 30 years . 
  nuclear waste is now becoming a massive issue for many countries as they have nowwhere to put it and the storage centers that have been used are now becoming a no-mans land and impossible to fix due to massive radiation . 
  nuclear is not the way to go imo , wind , solar and natural gas is the future of green energy . 
  there is a major push in germany and greece for example to start using natural gas engines for ships and public transport . 
  these engines emit only 5 % of pollution that normal engines use . 
  nuclear is unpredictable , who knows what those massive storage centers will be like in 200 years or if they cause catastrophic damage to massive amount of land and water which will becoming more scarce and precious as times goes on . 
  turks were given to anatolia as part of population exchange after 1 million greeks were massacred in anatolia . 
  what if russia fully backs argentina and gives them a few dozen modern jet fighters , anti-air systems , billions in guns/artillery/ships / etc would uk be willing to go full-scale war to protect falklands ? 
  imo , i think russia is waiting for the perfect opportunity to play this card . 
  greece  rom  serbia  hungary  austria  rest of eu, 
  you can not kick a member state out , especially one that has cyprus in it to veto any such non-sense . 
  greece has already arrested dozens of tax evaders and their goal is to complete 5,000 cases of tax evasion by the end of the summer with 80,000 total planned by the end of 2015/early 2016 . 
  they also started a debt program for citizens who owe alot of money to the state so they can clear their records . 
  this program has managed to received around 400-500 million euros already in the first month since it started . 
  overall as varoufakis said in his speech the other day , greece is unable to pass single reforms as the troika is demanding to pass the `` entire package '' of reforms all together . 
  that means syriza can not do anything until troika agrees to go with the reform package . 
  nobody in modern greece claims they are 100 % spartan , athenians , makedon , etc . 
  . nobody gives a shit . 
  modern greek ethnicity , culture , ethos , pretty much everything was born during byzantine , specifically after adopting christianity and forming a common language and culture . 
  also just to note , greece was a region of ottoman empire for 300 years , not 500 . 
  upper macedonia has a nice sound to it imo , better than north macedonia since the whole north/south korea thing . 
  to be fair , i think people in rom are genetically close to northern greeks ( not 100 % positive of it but just my theory ) . 
  i just hate bringing up genetics and crap like that . 
  i feel like it is 1935 or something . 
  i hate arguing over 2,000 year old history , the entire thing is insane and fatiguing . 
  hopefully a solution will be found asap . 
  i really do n't care honestly . 
  it would be nice if there was a way to normalize relations and find an `` honorable solution '' for both sides . 
  they are natural allies like serbia but we are both stuck in a shitty situation , hopefully one day it can be resolved . 
  if it does n't happen between now and augist 15 it will never happen the next 3 months are the `` peak '' of debt for the next 50 years and greece is in the lowest liquidity position its been at the moment , it is now or never . 
  [ as you can see here the next 3 months will be the `` peak '' of debt ] ( http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/?mod=e2fb ) [ `` from mid-august greece factually has no commitments for interest payments ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/4dcgi/_w_articles_wsite2_1_11/03/2015_548101 ) ... for the rest of the decade and so one just has to get past the months of april , may , june , august and then the situation should be stabilized sustainably , '' - president of euro working group, 
  you realize that she was n't a greek protestor right ? 
  the eu is a force created by bankers for bankers to control the citizens of the eu for the sole purpose of making the wealthy wealthier and the middle-class into servants . 
  nearly all eu bureaucrats are ex-bankers and retired eu politicians usually go into banking sector . 
  . ru website , do you have better source ? 
  it is a bit more complex than that , but fair enough also , not sure if you know this but greece will also be the hub of non-russian gas , specifically azerbaijan , iranian , iraqi , turkmenistani and other eastern countries through the tap/tanap system . 
  it is not just russian gas nor does russia have control of greece due to this pipeline . 
  i was n't implying that greece would use the pipelines to play games since that would be shooting itself in the foot , as eventually greece would lose the pipelines if it played games that way . 
  the point being that with the pipelines and being the corner-stone of energy into the eu , it will increase the role of greece within the eu , not in a negative way but in a positive way . 
  christians are being hunted down like animals by hindu 's in india [ india : 600 violent attacks on christians and muslims since may ] ( http://www.christiantoday.com/article/india.600.violent.attacks.on.christians.and.muslims.since.may/50574.htm ), 
  i think you assumed i was bragging ? 
  not really sure what you are implying again . 
  my point was that greece increasing its geo-strategic role , which is already very significant for nato/eu is a positive thing for stability in the region . 
  geo-political significance has nothing to do with respect , this is n't some university debate club . 
  about what ? 
  not really sure what you are implying , greece will be the entry point of over 120-150 billion cubic meters of gas by 2030 into the eu . 
  that raises the geo-strategic importance of greece , why would assume that is a negative thing ? 
  what ? 
  that alone will not save it , it will provide around 1 billion euros a year in both transit fees + cost savings on gas . 
  not a small amount but still not enough . 
  what it will do is give greece a much greater geo-political and strategic role which is even more important than any monetary value . 
  the point is that greece would not leave the ez on its own will but be forced to default , leaving the eu is not part of the default process nor anything else  ` a member state 's exit from emu , without a parallel withdrawal from the eu , would be legally inconceivable ' . 
  that is the entire basis of that blog post , those are not legal or technical terms and just someones professioanl opinion which means shit in reality . 
  there is no process of leaving the eu unless a member state withdraws voluntarily which greece would not do . 
  ela is not loans , those are used by banks for liquidity , someone with more knowledge on it should explain it better than me . 
  there is no condition that stipulates greece must hand over its entire energy infrastructure , that is simply a demand by the creditors . 
  both are hitting heads at the moment over this demand which is causing the current situation . 
   ok , so you do n't like the conditions , then you can not take the package . 
  yeh that is the point if eu demands greece to sell its energy infrastructure or else the final disbursment and default will happen then syriza has already said they will go back the drachma or look for help in china . 
   but you do n't want to follow their rules ? 
  it came with austerity which imf/eu said would reduce the greek economy by 5 % but make the debt more sustainable . 
  in reality it reduced the greek economy by 30 % ( worse than great depression ) and raised debt/gdp from 110 % to 180 % . 
  this is grounds for odious debt if greece does default and as time goes on , i hope it does happen . 
   what is that `` final disbursement of the 2nd bailout package signed in 2011 '' did it come without strings attached ? 
  yes , the strings were to create an extensive reform package whcih was handed in last week . 
  it has been rejected on the grounds that the privitization section of the package was not to their liking, 
  syriza is not asking for a loan , they are asking for the final disbursement of the 2nd bailout package signed in 2011 and which amounts to 8 bilion euros . 
  [ as you can see here the next 3 months will be the `` peak '' of debt for the next 50 years ] ( http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/?mod=e2fb ) ( and this 8 billion is critical ) [ `` from mid-august greece factually has no commitments for interest payments ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/4dcgi/_w_articles_wsite2_1_11/03/2015_548101 ) ... for the rest of the decade and so one just has to get past the months of april , may , june , august and then the situation should be stabilized sustainably , '' - president of euro working group [ european partners have decided to push the greek government until state coffers are empty and then drag the country to a deal under the threat of bankruptcy , eu rejected all reform proposals and refuse to form counter-proposals on reforms ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/04/16/greeces-government-molon-labe/ ) syriza has `` red lines '' that the previous puppet governments did not have . 
  one of these red lines that angers the eu the most is about privitizations . 
  when syriza first came to office they said they will stop all privitizations and eu was rightfully angry . 
  after a few months of negotiations syriza then said that it will continue with all privitzations that were under works , including selling 12 airports to germany for peanuts but this was not good enough . 
  then syriza said they will go with further deals but said that energy and water infrastructure are `` red lines '' . 
  the eu still thinks that is not good enough and refuses to go any further in negotiations unless greece agrees to sell of its energy infrastructure . 
  in case you do n't know greece is setting itself up to be the energy hub of south-east and has an unknown but possibly gigantic amount of oil/gas reserves in aegean/ionian . 
  the way these negotiations are going and with eu trying to destroy syriza shows me that the end-game is to capture greece 's energy infrastructure , this is the golden egg and for the eu , nothing can stop achieving this goal . 
  no you can not , both legally and technically if it ever came down to a vote , cyprus would veto it also . 
  but there would be severe consequences for even attempting it such as greece veto'ing russian sanctions among others . 
  edit : here is the legal reasons why if you are interested  article 50 ( 1 ) teu provides simply that any member state can withdraw from the eu in accordance with its own constitutional rules . 
  the key part of article 50 is the next paragraph , which states that :   a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . 
  in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that state , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union . 
  that agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with article 218 ( 3 ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  it shall be concluded on behalf of the union by the council , acting by a qualified majority , after obtaining the consent of the european parliament . 
  greece will not choose to withdraw from the eu [ article 50 confirms the possibility of member states to leave the eu , and it is clearly the only legal route to leave , as a matter of eu law . 
  there 's no possibility to throw a member state out of the eu against its will , although its membership could be suspended if there are serious and continued breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law \\ ( article 7 teu \\ ) . 
  that clause has never been used to date either . 
  ] ( http://eulawanalysis.blogspot.com/2014/12/article-50-teu-uses-and-abuses-of.html ) ( note for a member to be sanctoned/suspended for humans rights/rule of law violation requires a unanimous vote ) edit 2 : `` taking massive loans and not paying them back '' this is the basis of most northern european propaganda against greece . 
  in reality greece has not received any loan/aid/etc since august 2014 and has been paying back billions every month from state coffers . 
  this is made more difficult as eu is strangling greek economy by pushing it towards the edge as the new government has opposed eu , the goal is to destroy syriza and bring back the eu puppets . 
  the main goal of syriza is to never take another loan/aid again , but this the complete oppsite of what the eu wants . 
  the more loans to greece the more control it has over it , making it into a debt colony . 
  [ this is the 26 page reform package varoufakis handed to eu last week ] ( http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/55b27a7e-d87c-11e4-ba53-00144feab7de.pdf ) , there have already been substantial additions on top of this . 
  the main target for eu is they want greece to sell of its entire energy , water and other state infrastructure and think by bringing greece close to bankruptcy they will accomplish this . 
  they have not given any counter-reforms other than `` cut pensions and privatize everything '' in very vague terms . 
  why does n't he just buy/rent some property/apartment by the sea ? 
  it is pretty cheap now . 
  do sea borders count ? 
  in 30-50 years , it is very possible .
