  inaudible question . 
  she says yes it was it was on soburnaya square , right on it . 
  i was there couple minutes , i felt sick and got away form there . 
  i caught a taxi , and went to kulikovo field ( that 's where a tents with anti kiev protesters are located , similar to euromaidan in kiev ) . 
  when i got there , people were building barricades around the tents made out of tires various billboards , bags . 
  in the middle of that , someone said everyone should to go the trade union building . 
  after a bit of hesitation everyone started moving stuff into the building and fortifying it . 
  people were moving stuff very hastily , because all those right sector , all those inhumans were growing in numbers , they were coming on a white and black minibuses , while others were coming on foot . 
  so we went into a building , lot of people were there , men , women , older people , i saw a couple teenagers . 
  personally , i did n't see any firearms . 
  describes the building a bit , says she did n't go up at first . 
  she looked a round saw a couple rooms , went into one . 
  she does n't remember the number of the room . 
  there were people in there , they had a big bag , that contained bats . 
  women had little bags that had basic medical things , nothing else was there . 
  inaudible question . 
  she says that was first floor . 
  across from that room , was a back exit to the outside . 
  it was blockaded , but it was very poorly done , with some boxes containing documents , she thinks people from the outside would easily get in . 
  after that i went to the second floor . 
  she saw people barricading but it seemed strange to her the way they did ( she describes why she found it strange , i did n't quite understand ) . 
  she said if someone threw a molotov they would have a hard time getting around . 
  5.16 - 10.27 from the second floor i saw that there were a bunch of maidan outside , is sure they were surrounded . 
  inaudible question . 
  she says they were all around the building . 
  couple minutes before first molotov 's started flying , the water in the building was shut off . 
  some people were able to fill some big bottles with water prior to water being shut off . 
  people were using that water , on the surfaces around the windows . 
  says she was shocked , told them not to do it , gasoline + water makes for faster ignitions , she remembers that from school . 
  went to the third floor . 
  i walked and looked around what everyone was doing . 
  she came to a place where she first saw fire , says she took some photos . 
  it was hard to follow her description . 
  as i understood , she describes a stairwell between second and third floor , that had a window and fire was outside . 
  she believes about 30 minutes passed , since she entered the building , maybe more , lot of chaos she ca n't be exactly sure . 
  i started going down , and then i heard shots inside the building . 
  there was a man next to her , he had a fire extinguisher in his hands , he told her do n't even think about going down there , right sector is already there . 
  she was confused , what do you mean , how can they be there so fast already , he tells her not to go down there again . 
  she was puzzled for a bit , decided its probably a good idea not to go down . 
  went back to third floor . 
  after a couple minutes another man came up from the lower level , very skinny , extremely skinny , he says everyone needs to go down now . 
  people ask him why ? 
  he says right sector is there , we need to push them back . 
  she did n't think it was a good idea and did n't go , but a man and woman went down , and then two more guys went down . 
  if they ever went back up after that , she did n't see , i think she moved away from that spot . 
  inaudible question . 
  she states again , that personally she did n't see any firearms . 
  as you come up to third floor you can go either left or right . 
  if you go right and run a little bit , you come to a ladder that connects floors . 
  in the stairwell , there was a dead man and woman , they were brought down from the fourth floor . 
  there were about 10 people in that stairwell . 
  everything was covered in smoke . 
  says it was a very strange smoke , hard to describe , says really , really strong smell , after a couple minutes in there you start to feel light headed . 
  10.27 - 16.58 he asks her if she thinks it was plastic burning . 
  she replies no idea what it was . 
  she said she put on mask and ran from there . 
  she went back to the original stairwell , she heard a man shouting . 
  she does n't think it was from first floor , probably from second floor . 
  pravoseki ( slang term for right sector ) are coming up , everyone should run . 
  she and some people ran into a room , the number was three hundred thirty something . 
  thinks it might have been room # 336 . 
  in total in the room there were 10 men and 4 women . 
  two girls were medics , she and the other girl were helping others as much as they could . 
  it was sort of an infirmary . 
  as soon as she got there , two men were brought in , they died from smoke inhalation , they put them in the room against the wall . 
  they had no pulse no nothing . 
  after about 10 minutes in that room , some man ran in . 
  he had a mask on , she says she have n't seen that type of mask before , all the people that she saw prior to that had mostly medical masks on or other ones , but not that one . 
  the man said right sector is coming up to this floor . 
  the men , started working on barricading the room , used the cabinets and tables . 
  in the next two - three minutes there were a lot of shots , she thinks around 20 , thinks it was very close to them . 
  but she says there were no other sounds , no screams no nothing , just shots . 
  after those two - three minutes have passed , some people came to their barricade . 
  they asked to let them in , said we are your own , we are on your side let us in , we are getting killed . 
  the men inside were debating on what to do , let them in or not . 
  one of the man started moving the cabinet , as soon , as he did that and there was some room , someone stuck a pistol in and started shooting . 
  says she was looking right at that guy , he had a mask on , was looking straight at her , and shot . 
  says the bullet went by her ear , she turned around and saw bullet in the wall ( maybe she means a hole ) . 
  says she crouched under the table in front of her , right away . 
  said someone was yelling '' killed that koloradky ( slang term for pro-russian people ) . 
  said she was in shock , she could n't comprehend someone being so ecstatic about killing someone . 
  once again says he was looking straight in my eyes and fired . 
  inaudible question , she says it was a lethal firearm . 
  the women started yelling help us , help us . 
  men jumped next to the cabinets blocking the entrance and started pushing back . 
  says the cabinets were not big enough and did n't cover the whole space , at the top there was some room , and a person , if he is n't big enough , could get in in that space . 
  it seems like there was no door , just cabinets and tables blocking the entrance into the room . 
  says they were talking outside the room , she could n't make anything out , lot of ringing in her ears . 
  16.58 - 29.09 says in that small opening at the top , they emptied two fire extinguishers into the room , as well some tiny gas canisters . 
  says in their room , there were two large windows , despite that the gas that they spayed into the room , did n't seem to go anywhere . 
  the interview asks so they sprayed with gas also ? 
  she says , yes pretty sure , but its hard to tell with all the chaos , two fire extinguishers for sure from that opening on top , they ignored our yells please do n't kill us , leave us alone . 
  after that they sprayed the gas , she does n't know what kind of gas it was , only thing she keeps saying about it , is that did n't seem to go anywhere , just kept staying in their room despite the windows . 
  men that were holding and pushing up the cabinets , seemed to be getting dizzy and weakened by the gas , and had a hard time blocking the entrance . 
  says not sure how long it has been going on , maybe 15 minutes , but it seemed like eternity . 
  as soon as the men were n't able to keep blocking the door all hell broke lose . 
  once the people from outside broke in , they started shooting at the men , not a single word no nothing , just opened fire . 
  one of theirs yelled do n't touch the women . 
  they made them sit on chairs next to the wall 4 women in total , next to a window . 
  across from them , there were the bodies of the two dead man that were brought in earlier that died from inhalation .
