  being in the eu is a great thing , imo . 
  . none of these deals would have happened without it . 
  no optimism , the pipeline deals and shipping deals are already signed . 
  i am not hoping these deals are made , they are already done, 
  so you think most uk people are in favor of turkey joining the eu ? 
  do n't speak for all uk people then if you accuse me of doing such a thing . 
  you are insane . 
  you have never been to greece to say something so idiotic . 
  females are still being killed in `` honor '' killings in `` progressive western turkey '' in greece . . youthful love/relationships are celebrated . . drinking and having fun even from young teens is allowed and common . 
  sex is not taboo , you will see breasts very often on tv commercials ( a sign of sexual tolerance ) . 
  religion in youth is basically non-existant besides cultural significance and personal freedom is valued above all other things . 
  now please tell me . 
  how is turkey more progressive than greece in any single way ? 
  just please give one example, 
  on top of all those great points you made which also applies to greece , i will give the best one for me personally . 
  greece is going to enter the biggest economic boom in its history starting in 2015 , only because we are in the eu . 
  and why/how is that you may ask ? 
  it is very simple . 
  greece has been chosen to be the energy and shipping hub of the eu . 
  . this would be impossible if we were not in it . 
  over the last year , greece has signed deals to build 3 pipelines . 
  from azerbaijan  greece , israel/cyprus  greece and greece  bulgaria . 
  these pipelines were only allowed to be built to greece because we are the entry point into the eu . 
  if we were not in the eu , no such deal would ever possibly be made . 
  when combined with gas/oil reserves in aegean sea this will make greece the energy hub of the eu . 
  chinese prime minister visited greece last week and signed a number of deals to make piraeus harbor ( athens ) and thessaloniki harbor ( north greece ) into the `` gateway of chinese good into the eu '' and the chinese pm said these two ports will be `` the most competitive on earth '' again this shipping deal which will make greece the entry point of investment and shipping from china to europe would not be possible without the eu . 
  being in the eu has benefits for foreign investment . 
  the crisis of 2008 which caused all these anti-eu feelings is soon going completely away and i believe eu will show what it is truly made of very soon . 
  how did you avoid the ban from / r/europe ? 
  you told me all greeks deserved to die in the greek genocide . 
  . yet i got banned for a week for calling you an idiot ? 
  nice work / r/europe mods !, 
  anyway on your first point . 
  greece has gone through a great depression and still has nearly twice the gdp per capita of turkey and a much much higher living standard . 
  it is funny how you think turkey is some kind of economic `` miracle '' . 
  your country is in the same exact situation greece was in the 90 's . 
  borrowed tons of money to build massive infrastructure projects which made it seem like the economy was good bt in reality it was an artifical economy built on borrowed money and construction projects . 
  it is already assumed by economic experts that turkey will have a debt crisis similair to greece around 2020-2030 . 
  . . let us see how good you handle it  in the end , turkey will never join the eu . 
  . not because you do not want to join . 
  but because nobody in europe wants turkey to join . 
  who the hell gave you the idea anybody wanted you in ? 
  why are you falsely assuming that the only thing stopping you from joining is the turks desire to enter ? 
  listen . 
  . and listen very clearly . 
  nobody in eu wants you in , you could pass all the requirements with perfect grades and you would still not be allowed in the eu . 
  no citizen would ever accept such a thing and it would cause the complete collapse of the eu overnight . 
  stop acting like you could join if you did want to . . you can not , and never will . 
  [ three terrorists from dhkp-c were arrested last week in greece and in february of this year 4 others from that organization were also arrested ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2014/06/28/three-turks-arrested-in-greece-on-charges-of-terrorism/ ), 
  regional/world power status is not based on gdp or military spending it is based on which countries consider you as a leader in their sphere of influence . 
  iran/iraq/lebanon / syria have all pledged allegiance to russia , this is not something a `` regional '' ( local ) power does . 
  for example syria has just made russian language mandatory in syrian schools because of russia 's support of assad . 
  they are a much much bigger power than uk which actually is only a regional power . 
  it is easy to dismiss russia , but it is wrong to underestimate them . 
  russia has managed to get the shia crescent countries ( iraq/iran/lebanon / syria ) into russia 's sphere of influence . 
  that is not a move by a regional power . 
  putin declared that not him but the kgb won when he assumed leadership around 1999 , your statement is likely true, 
  that 9 billion $ fine makes alot more sense now an american corporation could accidentally blow up the moon drilling for oil and they would still get less than a 1 billion $ fine, 
  because they do n't have freedom \u2122 and democracy \u2122, 
  greece dominated europe for nearly 3,000 years because of our brute force military strength . 
  also greece was not ruled by turkey for 300 years , only constantinople was which eventually became a turkish city and most greek citizenz of that area killed during greek genocide of 1912-1920 . 
  after constantinople fell in 1450 . 
  the majority of greeks fled to the peleponeese which lasted until 1500 and then the islands which lasted until 1600-1650 . 
  so somewhere between 150-300 years . 
  as far as rome . 
  after the fall of makedon in 148 bc . 
  greece prospered under roman rule until the fall of rome a few hundred years later . 
  after the fall of rome . 
  greece took the remaining regions of the roman empire and created the greek empire of byzantine . 
  byzantine was the greek name for the city now called istanbul . 
  this empire is widely regarded as the most successful empire in all of human history by most historians, 
  thanks for defending your european bro 's  i love the part where the canadian says losing to germany was a bad thing . 
  he left out the part where we decided to enter the war on the allies side fully knowing it was a suicide mission . 
  for the sole purpose of helping the cause ( where most nations would surender instantly ) . 
  we fought and pushed back the italians into albania . 
  250,000 greek warriors vs 750,000 italians and we defeated them . 
  and because of this operation barbarossa ( invasion of russia by germany ) was postponed from march to late june which stalin himself declared to be the main reason the soviet union was able to defend russia until winter finished the nazi 's . 
  and in modern times . 
  over 4-5 million greeks left greece during early 20th century and mid 20th century to usa/australia and contributed greatly to many many things . 
  which do not count as greek works but still . 
  we were apart of many things . 
  greece will regain our past glory in the science/math fields as our government signed a law in early 2014 . 
  making all future gas profits from the aegean sea gas/oil drilling split between 10 % for greek research projects and 90 % into a norweigan style gas/oil fund ( we hired same team from norway ) . 
  this 10 % for science research could amount to potentially 10 billion per year in funding . 
  with the greek university in thessaloniki installing a `` ultra-fast '' connection to cern laboratory in switzerland and cern training taking place in greece . 
  there is a very bright future , imo . 
  never have and never will golden dawn are a bunch of black-shirted thugs . 
  . . for greece to succeed we need our absolute best to lead which is why i support our curreny leader samaras . 
  he has masterminded some incredible deals in the last 1-2 years . 
  from the 3 pipelines . 
  to scientific partnerships with cern . 
  . and china shipping giant cosco building their european shipping hub in athens/thessaloniki making greece the hub of chinese goods into eu . 
  the way i see it . 
  golden dawn represents the way europe was in the last century and samaras in the new century . 
  because europe has replaced guns/steel warfare with economic warfare in this new century . 
  for us to win in this new style of war , we need our best economic/banking experts to lead to be able to compete . 
  tourism is growing at 10 % every year the last 4 years with a new tourism record being broken every year . 
  3 major pipelines currently being built to connect israel/cyprus and azerbaijan gas fields to greece and will be fully operational in 2020 . 
  estimated 10-20 trillion $ of gas/oil in aegean sea chinese transforming athens and thessaloniki harbor into `` gateway for europe '' of chinese goods with massive chinese-greek deals made last week when prime minister visited athens and that is only some recent news  in 20 years uk will look like syria my friend . 
  . why do you think everyone calls london londonistan ?
