  the slavs appeared in northern greek area around 1,000 years after the death of alexander when the greeks were ruling the byzantine empire . 
  during ottoman periods the slavs had villages in greece , so did albanians and bulgarians . 
  they were most of the slave-like labor for the ottoman occupiers . 
  in greek indepedence war + balkan wars 1 + balkan wars 2 these people were all removed from greek lands . 
  the greeks have always been and will be a xenophobic/insular people . 
  and you will never understand the greek mentality . 
  yes and they will continue to be locked out as long as greece exists . 
  when rome fell the eastern part of the empire whose capital was the greek city of byzantine became the most powerful city of the empire . 
  the greeks had complete control of the empire which is why the official language was greek , official religion was greek-orthodoxy , military was greek and leaders were greek . 
  do you think rome somehow controlled greece when it was in ruins ? 
  i don ; t think you have a clear understanding of history . 
  also greek ethnicity is tied with greek christian orthodoxy and before that hellenic paganism in a similar fashion jews ethnicity is tied with judaism, 
  so you post a claim from someone who claims the macedonians who spoke greek , followed greek religion , took part of greek olympics and delphi pilgrimage was not greek ? 
  thats seriously your rebuttal ? 
  this claim has been made many times because of `` cherry-picking '' quotes from athenian philosophers . 
  the athenians and macedonians were absolute enemies and the athenians viewed the macedonians as greek sub-humans because of their lack of education . 
  king philip simply took power in greece and his son followed but . 
  the life of philip/alexander was not the beginning and end of the macedonians . 
  after alexanders death the macedonian monarchy absolutely dominated greece and the greek way of life ( education/arts/sports / religion ) centered around thessaloniki , greece for over 250 years !, 
  the macedonians led all the greeks into 4 epic wars against the romans !, 
  four fucking major wars . 
  when makedon fell in 148 bc this is the historical date of the fall of greece . 
  during this post-makedon period the greeks assimilated into a common culture instead of being separated by city-state allegiances . 
  macedonian history is greek history . . and no amount of revisionist history will change that . 
  even someone as `` genius '' as the great professor of temple university . 
  in the end all we have to do is wait for fyrom to destroy itself . . a country built on false history and false people will not last long in this brutal world we live in . 
  the first thing you need to understand about greeks is that religion is tied with ethnicity . 
  you can not be considered greek unless you are greek christian-orthodox . 
  in a similar fashion that jewish identity is tied with judaism . 
  also greece was not under occupation for 2,000 years . 
  when rome fell the eastern part of the empire whose capital was the greek city of byzantine became the most powerful city of the empire . 
  the greeks had complete control of the empire which is why the official language was greek , official religion was greek-orthodoxy , military was greek and leaders were greek . 
  do you think rome somehow controlled greece when it was in ruins ? 
  i don ; t think you have a clear understanding of history . 
  nobody claims any direct lineage to alexander . 
  that is insane . 
  if you said something like that in greece you would be a laughing stock . 
  the macedonian people who were greek speakers , followed greek religion , took part of olympics/delphi pilgrmage along all true greek city-states . 
  assimilated with the other greek city-states ( dozens of them athens/sparta/thebes / etc ) into a common culture that peaked in the byzantine empire . 
  by the time of the fall of rome , the idea of a `` greek identity '' centered around greek-christian orthodoxy instead of paganism in which each city-state had their own `` top god '' . 
  this is why the greek church has so much power in modern greece . 
  compared to the athenians the macedonians were absolutely greek barbarians . 
  they spoke the language , followed the religion , took part in olympics and delphi pilgrimage with all true greek city-states but the one thing they cherished more than anything was warfare , especially large scale warfare . 
  the athenians valued philosophy , arts , democracy first and foremost . 
  this is why they got defeated by the spartans and shortly after that the macedonians . 
  ofcourse i know this . 
  but the entire landscape of greece changed when the greeks took back all their country in balkan wars 1 & 2 . 
  the greek independence war removed the turks from our lands . 
  balkan wars 1 & 2 removed everyone else . 
  how does challenger 1 compare to m1a1 abrams ? 
  euro fighter is one sexy beast 75-100 euro fighters for ground forces 75-100 f-35 for navy 100-200 predator drones [ \\ ( european version being currently built with greece \\ ) ] ( http://www.presstv.ir/detail/2013/11/20/335584/eu-forms-drone-club-to-compete-with-us/ ) greece will have this by 2030, 
  exactly , nobody in greece claims we came from alexander 's testicles last week !, 
  which is why we find fyrom 's so insanely comical , because they do . 
  after the fall of makedon in 148 bc , the idea of `` pure '' macedonians/spartans/athenians ceased to exist . 
  the greek city-states assimilated together into a common culture that peaked at the height of the byzantine empire . 
  except the fact that the slavs were nowhere near greece during alexanders lifetime and for a thousand years afterwards . 
  also the fyrom ` ians have dozens of books of `` evidence '' of their claims . 
  coincidentally all written by other fyrom ` ians and taught in their public schools . 
  in byzantine empire which was a fully greek empire with the official language/religion/leaders all being greek . 
  the idea of slavs controlling anything in greece is laughable . 
  during ottoman times the greek identity became completely intertwined with greek-orthodoxy for example , during the greek-byzantine empire you could be pagan greek or orthodox greek and there was large communities of pagan greeks living freely up until ottoman invasion . 
  but when the ottomans conquered greece the church became the de-facto leaders of greek culture/language and way of life as a way to preserve our heritage and customs during occupation . 
  basically during ottoman times you could not be considered greek unless you were greek-orthodox and this still exists to this day . 
  byzantine greece was not a `` district '' of rome you dunce , when rome fell , the greek-byzantines lasted as a greek empire for a thousand more successful years . 
  the orthodox-greek byzantines which was the direct descendants of the greek city-state era is the line between ancient greeks and modern greeks . 
  great point of view . 
  is is true that fyrom ` ians view the ancient macedonians as a slavic people and not a greek people . 
  which is so insane , it is comical . 
  this is false in byzantine greece there were two languages romani - simplified greek , mainly spoken by foreigners and hellenic , proper greek greek pagans existed up until the ottoman invasion also . 
  the aristocrats/leaders of byzantine 100 % did consider themselves roman or greek-roman but the common people were just normal greek speaking people . 
  absolutely not `` roman '' . 
  only one of the pipelines , the eastern med pipeline , has anything to do with israel . 
  the gas around israel/cyprus is between those two countries and they are allied in exploiting it together and using this east med pipeline to transport it to europe . 
  [ austria and slovenia row over sausages . 
  an argument has broken out between austria and slovenia over the naming of a regional sausage . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/foodanddrink/foodanddrinknews/9204316/austria-and-slovenia-row-over-sausages.html ), 
  please understand this very important point . 
  the ancient macedonians ceased to exist in 148 bc . 
  there has not been such a thing as `` macedonian '' since 148 bc . 
  this date is when thessaloniki fell to the romans and is the historical date of the fall of greece to the romans . 
  what happened after this conquest is actually a long period of peace in greece for the first time in its history , macedonians , athenians , spartans , thebians all ceased to exist as instead of being secluded city-states . 
  they assimilated into a common greek identity centered aroung language/religion/etc . 
  this new greek identity of the assimilated greek city-states became more centralized after christainity took root in greek culture and after rome fell , these greeks took control of the eastern half of the empire . 
  not as macedonians or spartans . 
  but as greeks . 
  by the time the slavs appeared anywhere near greece . 
  the idea of a `` pure '' macedonian had been dead for a thousand years . 
  obviously they would never dare , greece could destroy that entire country with 0.001 % of our combined armed forces . 
  but i would not be surprised if terrorism becomes a possibility with these people . 
  in bretagne , france do the school kids learn about their glorious bretagne history of ruling the empire ? 
  do they learn that they shall one day regain britain ? 
  do they view the british as `` evil '' history thieves ? 
  do those people from luxemberg , belgium want to invade luxemborg and learn in school how those `` evil '' luxemborgians are stealing their glorious history ? 
  `` historical ethnic macedonia '' pointing right to skopje . 
  [ as you can see with this actual accurate map ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/95/expansionofmacedon.jpg ) there is no connection between the kingdom of macedonia and present day fyrom . 
  the people living in ancient fyrom territory , mainly thracians were considered a `` dependant territory '' outside of the kingdom . 
  right above his head , the red colored poster . 
  those 3 long areas and just north of it is the thessaloniki , greece area which is the center of the ancient kingdom of macedonia . 
  the people of fyrom assimilated/conquered the thracian tribesmen that had lived there for thousands of years the slavic push from east to west europe and down south to modern fyrom was a process that took thousands of years , i did not mean to say it just happened `` overnight '', 
  so your solution is for bigger nations to bully greece into accepting this hostile behavior ?
