fair enough , but compared to  15 million the coast received , it would n't change the average drastically . 
  unfortunately , barely anyone visits zagreb compared to the coast so i doubt it 'd change too much : /, 
  they are actually quite good and plentiful . 
  they were built recently ( in this millennium ) and the highway system is still being extended , with the most notable part being the extension to dubrovnik via the pelje\u0161ac bridge . 
  some of the downsides are that they are pretty expensive and there can be very long traffic jams in summer due to tourists . 
  it 's extremely common in cities , especially in the city centers . 
  most of the people here use ajvar , sour cream and kajmak , and of course the common ones like ketchup , mayonnaise , mustard ( although i think it 's much stronger than the american one ) , ... 
  zagreb - a reasonable amount of them , mostly in the advent slavonia and zagorje - pretty empty the mountain region - not as empty as slavonia and zagorje islands - ranging from reasonably full to unbearable crowds istria and dubrovnik - very crowded rest of the coast - quite crowded but not as much as istria and dubrovnik, 
  yup , the area around rijeka and novi vinodolski is appropriately named `` zagreb riviera '' . 
  i do n't have anyone in north america . 
  historically i believe that more croats went to south america , australia and new zealand , while nowadays ireland and germany are the preferred countries for immigration . 
  usa and canada were never that popular . 
  not unusual , many people that live in zagreb have a holiday home on the coast or a wine house in the hills ( mostly in zagorje ) . 
  however , i 'd still say that most of the people that go to the coast rent apartments there , not buy them . 
  they are the same word , just the three different genders ( masculine , feminine , neuter ) and then they are declined further . 
  red - crven/crvena/crveno orange - naran\u010dast / naran\u010dasta / naran\u010dasto yellow - \u017dut / \u017euta / \u017euto green - zelen/zelena/zeleno blue - plav/plava/plavo / modar/modra/modro indigo - indigo purple - ljubi\u010dast / ljubi\u010dasta / ljubi\u010dasto, 
  it 's exactly the same in croatia . 
  absolutely , but still a bit less common than on the coast . 
  it 's very common on the coast and a bit less common in the continental part and in the mountains . 
  most buildings have ac , but family houses not so much ( although more and more have it ) . 
  houses in general have very good insulation so ac is n't a necessity except for days when it gets above 35c . 
  i ca n't remember ever losing electricity . 
  yup , you 're absolutely right . 
  tmina and tama are also related to the adjective taman/tamni ( dark ) . 
  actually , both the sun and the darkness fall , they just use different verbs ( sunce zapada , but tama/tmina/mrak pada ) . 
   edit : fun fact : the words for noon/midday and midnight / ( is there any other word for midnight ? ), 
  are also the words for south and north ; po\u0142udnie means noon and south , p\u00f3\u0142noc means midnight and north . 
  [ and they 're literally half-day and half-night ] meta.edit : - which is exactly midday/midnight , now that i think of it , oh well ... now that is completely unexpected , it seems a bit confusing ; i 'd expect the terms for north and south to be similar to croatian sjever and jug . 
  east and west follow a similar scheme in both languages though ( istok from isticati - flow out and zapad from zapadati - fall behind ) . 
  zora ( dawn ) is a relatively common name here ( mostly among older women ) . 
  we also have the word svitanje for dawn , but it 's pretty poetic . 
  eos is usually translated into croatian as eja , but i 've also seen jutrenka , so it 's pretty similar to the polish word :d, 
  tomorrow is sutra in croatian , from s + jutra ( with the morning ) . 
  rano being a noun in polish and czech is a bit weird to me though , since in croatian it just means early ( we often use rano jutro , but never rano ) . 
  zora ( dawn , around sunrise ) jutro ( from sunrise to noon ) podne ( noon ) popodne ( afternoon , from noon to sunset ) sumrak/suton ( twilight , around sunset ) ve\u010der ( evening , from sunset to around 22 ) no\u0107 ( night , from about 22 until sunrise ) pono\u0107 ( midnight ), 
  english is the mandatory language here and it 's studied for 12 years , from the first year of elementary school to the end of high school . 
  in fourth grade of elementary school ( or possibly earlier ) , you can choose a second foreign language ( mostly german , french or italian ) . 
  most high schools also have the second language as a mandatory subject . 
  i 'm about 175 cm ( male ) and very often i feel like a dwarf among other guys my age . 
  i love all the island dialects of croatian and especially the istrian accent , it 's basically to croatian what irish english is to rp , a softer , more melodious and more laid-back version . 
  they have gotten the best of both worlds : the italian-like intonation , but still ( a pretty different ) croatian . 
  the american tourists ( and some others as well ) almost always pronounce zagreb and dubrovnik as za-greb and du-bro-vnik when in reality it 's za-greb and du-brovnik . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard that name , but it 'd be translates as `` the one who stirs peace '' or `` the one who stops peace '' . 
  do n't forget all of the traditional slavic names , with my favorites being tomislav ( the one who celebrates suffering ) , ognjeslav/vatroslav ( the one who celebrates fire ) and ognjen ( the fiery one ) . 
  everywhere except zagreb , istria , rijeka , zagorje and me\u0111imurje , so basically all of the eastern and southern areas . 
  for croats outside of croatia , definitely herzegovina . 
  posavina and moslavina might have historically been kajkavian speaking areas , but nowadays a shtokavian dialect close to the slavonian ones prevails , especially near the bosnian border . 
  all of serbo-croatian was based on the eastern herzegovinian dialects , so i guess they are the closest to the standard . 
  for croatia , regions to the southeast of zagreb ( posavina , moslavina ) at bosnian border are i believe the closest to the standard . 
  there are way too few of them here for us to have any prejudices against them . 
  if you 're black , you 'll just get a lot of curious looks around here , nothing more . 
  blue eyes are pretty common ( in about 25 % percent of people ) , but brown eyes are still much more common . 
  dark blonde hair is normal as well ( i 'd say about 15-25 % have natural hair that 's in some shade of blonde ) . 
  bright blonde hair is extremely rare , but dying hair into blonde is a very common thing especially among younger and middle-aged women . 
  a lot of kids are born with blonde hair , but it mostly becomes brown later . 
  second-hand shops are very popular in croatia since you can find a massive variety of cheap clothes ( although unfortunately it 's mostly for women , i have barely seen any male clothes there ) . 
  buying second-hand is definitely not looked down upon and it 's mostly considered smart and useful here . 
  hand-me-downs are also a completely normal thing if you have any older siblings/cousins . 
  domovina , which means homeland . 
  there is also otad\u017ebina and djedovina , which mean fatherland and grandfatherland , but they are used very rarely . 
  wherever you go in croatia , you 'll find a \u0107evabd\u017einica which delivers \u0107evapi , kebab , pljeskavica or other grilled meats . 
  there 's also a ton of pizza places everywhere . 
  if you live in a bigger city , you can easily get italian , chinese , mexican , indian or japanese food delivered to you . 
  we make raspberry and strawberry jams from our homegrown fruit . 
  otherwise , raspberry , strawberry , quince , plum or apricot are the most common ones . 
  i 've never even heard of grape jelly . 
  not zagreb , but osijek had a woman called paulina hermann , colloquially known as `` ma\u010dkamama '' ( `` catmother '' ) due to her love for cats and the amount of cats she had . 
  afterwards , her mansion got the name `` catmother '' and nowadays , the whole district of the city where the mansion is is called like that . 
  almost every day , there 's a surprisingly high amount of them living in zagreb , and in the warmer part of the year asian tourists come in hordes to zagreb for some reason . 
  the mountains burn worse the further up you go ( or up there ) . 
  it 's completely fine , it shows some facts that i have n't mentioned in mine ( no rhyme intended ) , 
  slavonia : the poorest and easternmost region of croatia . 
  a mostly flat agricultural region with sprawling golden fields everywhere . 
  the culture is similar to the rest of pannonian basin ( hungary , serbia ) and the people speak a language that is close to standard serbo-croatian . 
  zagorje and me\u0111imurje : an industrious and the northernmost region of croatia . 
  a hilly , pretty forested region with small , neat towns everywhere . 
  the culture is more similar to the slovenian one and the language is like an intermediate between slovene and serbo-croatian , leaning more towards slovene . 
  istria : very touristy and liberal and the westernmost region of croatia . 
  similar to zagorje , it 's a green , hilly , forested wine-making region , but on the coast ( with many beautiful rocky beaches ) and also a very popular region among tourists . 
  the people speak a softer language , far from the standard , which is pretty unintelligible to other croats . 
  dalmatia , dubrovnik and the islands : also a very touristy area and the southernmost region of croatia . 
  it 's very mountainous and pretty barren , and it 's known for its beaches and old walled cities . 
  the people are conservative , the culture is a typical mediterranean one , and the people speak a very well-known ( and not a very intelligible ) dialect with many italian words . 
  lika and the mountains : the central region of croatia , also known as `` the lungs of croatia '' . 
  it 's almost completely forested and very sparsely populated with quite a few national parks and a very rugged , barren coast ( due to the wind ) along the velebit mountain range . 
  it 's traditionally populated by mostly serbs , it 's home to on average some of the tallest people in the world ( the dinaric man ) and it 's pretty conservative . 
  zagreb : the capital , located to the south of zagorje . 
  it 's the most important city in croatia for most things , but it does n't get as many tourists as it should . 
  it 's known for its art nouveau architecture and many museums . 
  the people here have traditionally spoken a dialect close to the one from zagorje , but a recent influx of immigrants from other parts of croatia and ex-yugoslavia has skewed it closer to the standard . 
  the zagreb area has been continuously settled since the 1st century ce . 
  the first settlement was the roman andautonia . 
  zagreb has officially been a city since 1242 when bela the 4th proclaimed it a free royal city . 
  the part with the biggest population and cultural influence is definitely zagreb . 
  for liberal views and a laidback lifestyle it 's definitely istria though . 
  [ imo the speech that vlado gotovac held at the beginning of the homeland war . 
  ] ( https://hr.wikisource.org/wiki/govor_vlade_gotovca_ispred_zgrade_komande_5._vojne_oblasti ) here is my translation for the first two paragraphs and the final one :  `` i love you and i 'm proud of you !, 
  and if i had to choose to live with you or to die with the generals , i 'd choose death . 
  because for a long time there has been a beautiful sentence of a great writer saying `` people died in navarra from shame '' . 
  we croats , if we were deprived of this dignity , of this love , we 'd also die from shame .
