i would call him a mercenary and an hypocrite, 
  drunk tourists ? 
   implying the far right is not a product of `` the elite '', 
  the estrela report came to the portuguese media as a tantrum between portuguese meps, 
  itt : my discrimination is justified because they are actually bad people . 
  so basically / pol / took over them ? 
  basically they are pandering to the far right euro ceptics ? 
  meet the new fascists , same as the old fascists . 
  he is actually trying to make the choice of the next ec president a campaign , that 's it . 
  they could give computers and/or tablets , fridges , etc. 
  dude , german contractors have been actually arrested for active corruption, 
   because putting toilet paper covered in shit into a bin is disgusting ? 
  hmm , why ? 
  respect mah authoritah !, 
  you just excuse yourself from the rituals and culture behind them . 
  college hazing : six students died in what appears to be a weird and private hazing ritual done at the beach . 
  there are a number of people and entities that are very powerful , benefit from it and work thowards preventing some of its solutions . 
  if they were `` youths '' and not teenagers , / r/europe would be outraged, 
  i would not, 
  but i really like le happy merchants lololololol !!, 
  probably linked in some bug hub outside of reddit, 
  they have loads of them , just google `` bug white supremacy '' or something like that and you 'll get to one or other . 
   goymeetsworld go back to / pol / please, 
  actually somalia 's civil war has more than two sides and as far as i know as been in some kind of an halt, 
  and i 'm gon na trust milton friedman on the issue of minimum wage because ? 
  yeah , one is a business , the other is a moral obligation, 
  the rights of self determination of settlers ? 
  then , put daycares on colleges . 
  not that hard, 
  well , the french navy did n't have such provision , look how did it end up in wwii, 
  if you repeat the mantras enough times , they 'll become true, 
  opt out , the story of uk 's dealings with the eu, 
  we are in the same continent and we made some kind of arrangement , even went so far as to cal it na union of sorts , maybe we should care about each other . 
  the russians would try to influence you in some other ways, 
  what regions could they control in a manner similar to hezbollah in south lebanon ? 
  it 's so funny to be on the receiving end of the objectifying gaze . 
  i actually mean it, 
  if the uk leaves the eu , pretty much, 
  also , there was an obvious and almost consensual alternative for finance minister , paulo macedo, 
  the same clip with women would never be considered lesbian, 
  exactly , cultural critics ' job is just to call out every thing people who actually do stuff do and them sit back and do nothing, 
  so just like any other post modernist analysis . 
  goes from nothing and leaves you with nothing ? 
  thank you , i thought greek police had no unions , and so golden dawn acted as their de facto union , thus giving them leverage over the police . 
  i suspect such shenanings are increased by the lack of proper unions among the police forces . 
  am i in the right ? 
  portugal the finance minister litterally `` blamed it on the rain '' . 
  edit : after failing yet another prediction on growth , deficit and whatnot , the finance minister blamed the bad economic output on climateric condictions affetcting the construction sector, 
  will they find work within such a time frame ? 
   for some people , the mere idea of dressing your child in the same outfit as other kids seems too conformist , too much like a state uniform . 
  this from the country where kids recite a pledge of alegiance every day, 
  the european parliament does n't have a daycare for employees ? 
  we we all blame the germans !, 
  no , only serbs , because privilege . 
  and feels , do n't forget the feels, 
  also , `` gajos de alfama '', 
  portugal : two state secretaries resigned for `` personal reasons '' after being exposed as having caused the loss of around 3000 m $ in a strange credit swap deal involving public companies ' debt, 
  every time someone gets shot by the police in portugal , the far left acts as if they were executed in front of their family , the right wing acts as if they were armed with bazookas and aks before being shot, 
  very good actually . 
  the more southern europe suffers , the more popular she is, 
  rabble rabble rabble !!!, 
  you forgot the jews . 
  and the muslims . 
  and the eu, 
  of course they told you that ... grumblr grumble grumble, 
   let us give power to this populist , when the populace sees that he ca n't deliver on his promises , they will be done with this foolishness, 
  it 's called soft power , those who have it , wield it, 
  because no one is spending any money, 
  the small deposits tax idea was just a plan to get them time to react and hide their assets, 
  what could have possibly gone wrong ? 
  the state is basically not paying for things it has bought . 
  how 's that good ? 
  yeah , it 's easy to be `` productive '' and `` frugal '' when you control all monetary policy to suit your needs and you export stuff to countries that have been basically forced to dismantle their productive sectors . 
  meh , i 've seen those who want to , and those who do n't . 
  and mostly i 've seen the way many of their men just `` slave '' away their wives . 
  devaluation and lowering bce 's rate, 
  semi professional white supremacist ideologues, 
  they are bugs , they copy and paste specific mantras from their websites and repeat them ad nauseum . 
  you really are that dense . 
  private hospitals only need to serve those who pay and provide a service . 
  public hospitals must provide public healthcare as a right to every single ctizen , even the poorest of the poor , of course it 's easier to run a private hospital . 
  next thing you 're gon na tell me private schools are also better , lol . 
  health care in any civilized place that has it running . 
   always if hayek says so , it must be true !, 
  that 's why somalia is the best place ever, 
  your faith in the private sector and in the market in general is moving , almost cute, 
  because no one is killing enough people for such a thing to be a significant matter, 
  at some point does n't any of them think it would be easier to just sell pizzas and sausages and the street market ? 
  while wearing hijabs, 
  since serbia pretty much lost kosovo , would n't it be wiser to select a more moderate polititian for such a job ? 
  daily mail ones as well, 
  and the kebab ? 
  this deserves its own submission, 
  yes , pretty much impossible, 
  i once read an article defending the creation of the `` turk-kurdish '' federation , between turkey and iraqi kurdistan, 
  well ai n't that some shit ? 
  gajo in portuguese is informal at best , and some times pejorative, 
  because civil society , private foundations and the likes are the best thing ever !!, 
  even more so if they 're connected to the church !!, 
  and `` bad corrupt foundations '' only exist in southern europe !,
