cia did it, 
  gini is a fairly robust measure of income inequality . 
  you claim `` russia is almost 1000 times more unequal than the developped [ * sic * ] world 's most unequal country , '' * i.e. 
  * america . 
  since america has a higher gini coefficient than russia , it means on a broad basis america is still more unequal than russia , * ceteris paribus * . 
  source ? 
  the u.s. has a higher gini coefficient than russia . 
   they honestly got what they deserved . 
  unfortunately , the media power base got what it wanted . 
   `` the evidence available so far shows that the impact on traffic has been negative and that less consolidated publishing titles , such as digital native newspapers , have been the worst affected . 
  this is not only because the total number of publication readers has been reduced but , in the case of online readers that would be attracted anyway ( that is , who would visit the publications web sites in some other way ) , they will surely end up visiting known publications with established brands , to the detriment of small and new publications , in line with the evidence in the literature analysed above . '', 
   of course , for the major newspaper publishers , maybe that 's what they really wanted all along : less competition . 
  does the structure deal with europe 's lack of trust in greece 's resolve to implement reforms ? 
  for example , is cash given out in fairly tight exchange for reforms ? 
   gold carries it 's own value , paper money is more a matter of trust what gives gold its value ? 
  hint : trust . 
  trust that other people will accept it as currency . 
  the difference between gold and paper money is two-fold . 
  one , gold is expensive to store and slow to transport . 
  two , the supply of gold is ( so far ) set by forces outside any person 's or government 's control . 
  it is thus rational to use paper money over gold if one condition is met : you must trust the monetary authority will keep your expected losses from inflation * below * the costs you would incur from physical transaction . 
  put another way , inflation is the user fee you pay for not having to secure and haul around gold . 
  ( macroeconomically , it 's more complicated and quite decisively pro-paper . 
  but again , only if your society can be trusted . ), 
  for greece , though , comparisons between the lmu and emu are valid . 
  both forced a deficit spender , accustomed to paying for its largesse through devaluation , to surrender monetary authority . 
  greece being on the gold standard in a world where newly-mined gold as a fraction of the outstanding gold stock is 0.5 % , and greece being on a euro in which the ecb pins inflation at 0.5 % are , monetarily to it , the same . 
   cbg would be printing euros , without authorisation of the ecb . 
  not counterfeits , in the legal sense . 
  real euros , just without ecb giving the okay . 
  i believe you have been corrected on this before . 
  ** no ** , a euro printed by a national central bank ( ncb ) without the ecb 's authorisation is * not * legal . 
  european law and treaty obligations stipulate that an ncb needs the ecb 's authority to print . 
  if an ncb prints without this authority , its actions and byproducts are illegal under european law . 
  you are correct in saying such notes would not be counterfeits : they would be perfectly indiscernible from legally-issued banknotes . 
  that is why unilateral printing is so destructive . 
  europe would need to ( a ) shift its monetary stock to a new format which greece ca n't print or ( b ) destroy greece 's ability to print euros . 
   grexit = end of the eurozone i have n't seen any monetary economic literature showing this . 
  could you point me to the theory or precedent you 're citing ? 
  in fact , greece was kicked out of , and then re-admitted into , the last monetary union it was a part of :  greece 's ... chronically weak economy meant successive greek governments responded by decreasing the amount of gold in their coins , thereby debasing their currency in relation to those of other nations in the union and in violation of the original agreement . 
  greece was formally expelled from the latin monetary union in 1908 . 
  it was readmitted in 1910 , however . 
  from the ft [ 1 ] :  tsipras ... has managed to split the creditors . 
  the international monetary fund insists on debt relief . 
  the french helped the greek prime minister draft the proposal and were the first to support it openly . 
  president fran\u00e7ois hollande is siding with mr tsipras . 
   and that changes the stakes for angela merkel . 
  if the german chancellor says no now , she will stand accused of taking reckless risks with the eurozone and the franco-german alliance . 
  if she says yes , her own party might divide similarly to the way the british conservatives divided over europe . 
  if this poll holds merit , merkel has a way out : endorse anything tsipras tables . 
  the worse his plan , the better . 
  then , wait for it to get shot down in finland or denmark or sverige * et cetera * . 
  she saves her tax euros while avoiding being the one who put greece down . 
   angela merkel , the german chancellor , brushed aside suggestions that a short-term financing deal could be reached to take athens through the summer before a two or three-year bailout agreement is agreed , insisting that the greek government come forward with a full range of reforms that could cover a multiyear programme . 
   [ merkel ] warned that , with the greek economy in a tailspin , athens would have to suggest new ways to make up an even bigger fiscal gap than before alexis tsipras , the greek prime minister , was forced to close his country 's banks last week . 
  she gave athens until thursday to present those plans . 
   many eurozone officials expressed extreme pessimism that a deal could be reached -- ms merkel said she was not `` somebody who is very optimistic '' -- and many said they had become resigned to greece exiting the eurozone . 
   mario draghi , the european central bank president ... signalled that emergency central bank loans keeping the banks alive , which the ecb must approve , could not be extended beyond the weekend . 
   the ecb is weighing whether to withdraw the emergency loans -- it receives government-backed securities as collateral for the loans , which become worthless if greece goes bankrupt -- and has indicated that it will ask eurozone leaders to guarantee greece 's solvency before cutting the aid . 
   the decision to invite all 28 countries to deal with the greek crisis is unprecedented and a clear indication that leaders fear the country could be heading for economic chaos . 
  mr tusk , who was responsible for summoning all 28 leaders to brussels , said `` humanitarian action '' would be among the topics to be discussed . 
   it 's what happens when [ portugal ] reach [ es ] the deadlines in 2017 and 2018 and ca n't pay events should progress quicker if portugal ca n't pay after a grexit . 
  that helps both parties . 
  the ecb set a precedent with greece . 
  compliant if illiquid governments can expect central bank support . 
  it is unlikely a rates spike will push portugal into default . 
  ( a resulting bail-out package , if europe learns nothing from this , could . ), 
  things could better , too . 
  a eurozone banking union would split the sovereign-banking nexus . 
  this could avoid nationwide capital controls . 
  if an administrative and fiscal union has progressed by then , we could even see unprecedented support . 
  ( i would n't count on the latter . ), 
   here are the yields for 10-year bonds of germany , portugal and greece . 
  look at them exploding in 2012 . 
  the situation has changed institutionally and within banks since then . 
  here are the eurozone curves from today , a week ago and a month ago : [ 1 ] . 
  yields have decreased across the board . 
   [ portugal 's ] 10 year bond yield jumped from ~ 1.5 to 3.1 since march yes , a 3.17 % 10-year yield is higher than the 1.57 % 2015 ytd low . 
  on an absolute basis , however , it 's sustainable . 
  notice the relatively smooth , linear increase from the end of march to today ? 
  that 's calm re-pricing . 
  same in the options markets . 
   [ portugese sovereign ] cds 's ( credit default swaps ) , are at they [ * sic * ] highest ever . 
  portugese debt is riskier than german debt . 
  rates options are n't pricing in much volatility because the ecb credibly stands ready to re-couple rates in portugal to those in germany . 
  that can only go on for so long . 
  on sunday the ft reported that `` folllowing a banking union , '' sch\u00e4uble `` wants joint institutions , including a permanent administration and a eurozone parliament '' [ 2 ] . 
  if those integrations fail to emerge , yes , we will see further pain in europe . 
   it 's what happens when we reach the deadlines in 2017 and 2018 and ca n't pay . 
  european governments wo n't be happy about writing off 3 % of their gdp over the years on account of athens . 
  people will get upset . 
  but stability-wise , it 's a non-issue . 
  as for the private sector ( * e.g. 
  * banks ) , only 17 % of greek debt is held there [ 3 ] . 
  these holdings have long been marked down . 
  non-payment would meet expectations . 
  [ 1 ] http://imgur.com/6rbdqh8 [ 2 ] http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/d69ceb4c-22ff-11e5-bd83-71cb60e8f08c.html [ 3 ] http://www.bloombergbriefs.com/content/uploads/sites/2/2015/01/ms_greece_whohurts.pdf, 
   their yields will rise ( which they will ) , but that their markets will be much more volatile having worked on a trading floor , none of this would be expected . 
  the emu has developed its anti-contagion mechanisms since 2010 . 
  uncertainty prompts `` flights to safety '' .
