depends on the wood you use . 
  i 'd imagine you could make a good bike out of bamboo . 
  mahogany or oak would be not ideal though . 
  it would be similar to what tangiers used to be like . 
  this is literally rightwing propoganda . 
  yeah , now that some right wingers and young muslims got into fights radicalization of muslims in europe will cease being a problem . 
  if that makes you feel better . 
  anyone who goes out protesting is an idiot . 
  standing on a streetcorner yelling at people and picking fights is n't going to change anything for the better . 
  and people who go and protest protesters are even worse , just calm the fuck down and do something useful . 
  making them martyrs is the last thing we want to do . 
  just lock them up and never let them see the sun again . 
  i 'm not the fucking left , and yeah when people are making ridiculous accusations of soviet-style suppression of speech it does deserve ridicule . 
  i do n't think wilders will be or should be convicted , but i also do n't think the case against him is frivolous or has no merit . 
  just this morning i had to stand in line for 4 hours for a loaf of bread the the government owned albert heijn . 
  i tried to file a complaint but a group of jackbooted thugs showed up at my door and beat me . 
  i 'm telling you it 's rough out here . 
  clinton was in favor of bombing damascus while secretary of state , in which case they would currently be at war with russia . 
  trump also thinks special interests are corrupting american politics . 
  it 's not like he has zero good ideas . 
  as hard as it is for me to say this , trump has been the most reasonable candidate when it comes to russia this election . 
  personally i think what the russians did is fair game . 
  americans ca n't seriously suggest countries are n't allowed to interfere with foreign elections without looking like massive hypocrits . 
  i think russia 's main objective was to make america look ridiculous , and i think they succeeded mightily in that . 
  we had a referendum in the eu treaty with ukraine . 
  it 's not really a law and i voted blank because referendums are retarded , but that 's something . 
  a political system that only works based on an uncontrolled external factor is a bad system . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again : democacy simply does n't work . 
  the fbi really was in a lose/lose situation . 
  either they announce they are continuing the investigation and this happens . 
  they could have tried to hide that they were reopening the investigation and risk having it leaked , which would make it even worse than it is now . 
  or they could have declined to investigate , which would prove trump right that they were fixing the election against him . 
  so any action they take would have disastrous consequences . 
  in the end you just have to put the blame at clinton for having awful political judgement . 
  more likely that the refurbishing was paid for with private funds . 
  ours has the best cape . 
  it 's broken windows policy in a way . 
  just doing what your voters want is called cowardice . 
  i think it 's the opposite of clickbait . 
  clickbait tries to entice you to click on it and read further . 
  this naming practice is designed to make people take it at face value and not actually read any further . 
  there are also still a lot of arabs living in israel , and arab culture is definitely present in the country . 
  currywurst  fish and chips . 
  to paraphrase the great intellectual l. jenkins : at least i got fish fingers . 
  we need to get rid of all those eu-phile globablists , so that we can get free trade deals with everyone . 
  wait ... 
  ironic ukippers . 
  it has become clear by now that we should have been backing assad from the start , but because we did n't we now have to keep supporting the rebels to save face . 
  by supporting the rebels we have destroyed any future relationship with the assad regime . 
  the whole thing is a shitshow and has been mismanaged from the start . 
  dutch news mentioned the police said they did n't rule out honor killing as a motive , which seems like a really weird thing to say if it does n't concern muslims . 
   the idea of there being sex slaves in islam is entirely fictional and non-existent . 
   have specifically spoke out against isis 's abhorrent act of enslaving yazidi girls . 
  that was probably for the best . 
  i did not need to know this . 
  it was n't the hippies , it was the business interests that needed the workforce . 
  i do n't really care all that much about absolute free speech . 
  free speech is great in that it furthers the public discourse and enriches the public sphere . 
  i really do n't think threatening our head of states accomplishes this . 
  because what kind of country would we be if we had no respect for our institutions ? 
  seems like a fair punishment to me . 
  it may be a bit severe , but it 's not so bad . 
  the world is already overpopulated . 
  the rest of the world needs to get on our level if we want to stay at sustainable levels . 
  cheese made from cow , goat and sheep milk . 
  i do n't know if you 've been listening to trump 's speeches , but it does n't appear like he 's a big fan of trade . 
  there are not going to be any trade deals with trump . 
  i really do n't like how this issue is phrased . 
  it 's not that the eu os refusing to make concessions as a trade off to access to the free market , but that free movement of an essential part of the single market . 
  without free movement of people it would not be a single market . 
   thomas says he voted for the uk to leave the eu because of the # 350m leave campaigners promised to put into the nhs if they won . 
  maybe not a racist , but definitely retarded . 
  http://www.efta.int/media/documents/legal-texts/eea/the-eea-agreement/main%20text%20of%20the%20agreement/eeaagreement.pdf the treaty looks fairly clear when it comes to this . 
  wilders can not win in the netherlands , because no other party will form a coalition with him , so he would need to form a one-party government , which is basically unprecedented in dutch politics . 
  because the foundation of western civilization is representative government . 
  referendums stand against everything western civilization has built over the past millenium . 
  it 's called representative democracy . 
  have you never read a book in your life ? 
  and do you not see the irony in someone arguing for the ` will of the people ' calling someone a fascist ? 
  people elect officials who make decisions . 
  the decisions themselves should never be made by the people directly , that is just irresponsible governance . 
  the only time a referendum is acceptable is when you can be one hundred percent certain of the outcome . 
  literally anything would have been smarter than to gamble everything on a referendum . 
  there is not going to be a referendum . 
  referendums are the worst application of government i can imagine . 
  i 'd honestly rather roll dice than let a referendum decide anything . 
  why not both ? 
  keep dreaming geert . 
  right-wing has very little to do with economic policy . 
  brexit happened because cameron is a coward . 
  migration mostly . 
  the netherlands is n't going anywhere . 
  no , it 's just business . 
  better to suffer in the short term than to let the single market fall apart and suffer in the long term . 
  sometimes you have to cut off the finger to save the arm . 
  it 's not personal , but the more you suffer the less likely any other countries would want to do the same . 
  fade the flairs !, 
  i hope the eu fucks them as hard as they can in negotiations . 
  shhh !, 
  do you want to turn this thread to get nuked by mods ?
