  if he did n't exploit it , he would deserve to get his ass fired . 
  the thing that worries me is who is going to be in charge of this behemoth task . 
  my prediction is that a lot of european muslims are going to get punished for antisemitism . 
  by job you surely mean stealing from the rest of us ? 
  isis can only survive because syria is in chaos . 
  the best way to defeat isis is by standing aside while the russians and the regime crush the rebels and stabilize the country . 
  arming the rebels has only prolonged the war and thereby allowed isis to expand . 
   new syrian army these guys are irrelevant . 
  if the best example of a moderate opposition has a few hundred fighters , you might as well say there is no moderate opposition to speak of . 
  there have n't been any moderate rebels for years now . 
  that is blatant propaganda people repeat to themselves so they can sleep at night . 
  that 's a very generous interpretation of the initial rebellions . 
  you can say that asad 's actions led to the civil war , but saying asad started the civil war is simply false . 
  that is n't starting a civil war , it 's suppressing the rebellion . 
  whether you agree with the rebellion or not , it makes no sense to say that the response to the rebellion is what started the rebellion . 
  how can the ruling regime start the civil war ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  the syrian opposition is no better than assad . 
  then why is this thread full of people pretending not to understand what an analogy is ? 
  or do analogies just not exist in southern europe ? 
  it 's not just a misunderstanding . 
  it 's people in this thread purposefully misunderstanding him and pretending they do n't know what an analogy is . 
  the comment does n't make sense because you 're trying to fit it into your established narrative for which it was n't intended . 
  it is intended as purely as an exploration of the concept of solidarity . 
  it does n't make sense when you interpret it as a critique of southern europe , because the analogy is separate from it . 
  come on , do n't be overly dramatic . 
  at the very worst he made an inappropriate statement . 
  most likely you 're just seeing things that are n't there . 
  yes . 
  the message is that solidarity is not just the powerful taking care of the powerless , the powerless must also play their part and take responsibility for improving the whole . 
  it 's actually impressive how you can turn a message of solidarity into a shit-flinging contest . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with his statement to be honest . 
   as a social democrat , i attribute exceptional importance to solidarity . 
  [ but ] you also have obligations . 
  you can not spend all the money on drinks and women and then ask for help . 
  it 's obviously an analogy , not an accusation . 
  ca n't we just take shared custody on it ? 
  like rotating ownership each month . 
  our system is based on coalition building . 
  parties have to be flexible and work together with parties they disagree with . 
  gl is even more neoliberal than the pvda . 
  center-left social democrats . 
  yes . 
  denk is the dutch arm of the akp . 
  because there can form a coalition with cda and d66 , at which point they need only a few more seats . 
  they are in a position to exclude gl which makes a very rightwing coalition . 
  it might be more parties , but the leftwing will all be stuck in opposition . 
  it 's no longer correct . 
  they 're on 14 now . 
  if you can bring good mexican food you 're welcome in my book . 
  the weird thing is that d66 and gl , who are te big winners , are not more left than pvda . 
  if that narrative were true we would see the sp make much bigger gains . 
  you 're remembering things wrong . 
  the pvda said every step of the way that they were absolutely willing to form a coalition with the vvd . 
  the big winner is definitely the vvd . 
  the next cabinet will be much more rightwing than the last one . 
  they 're islamist fascists who pretend to be social democrats . 
  they 're more dangerous than wilders . 
  great result for vvd . 
  the next coalition will be much more rightwing than the previous one . 
  should n't have fled to a country that has made it clear they wo n't grant you asylum . 
  it 's generally easier to find compromise on economic issues than on ethical ideological issues . 
  leaving you alone is what led to the massacre . 
  his good friend and disgraced former national security adviser mike flynn was actively lobbying for turkey receiving 500.000 dollars to promote turkish interests . 
  this probably means trump leans heavily pro-erdogan . 
  that might be the highest number of people i 've ever seen agreeing in a dutch poll . 
  people have been trying to be like switzerland ever since jean-jacques rousseau . 
  it 's not going to happen , you ca n't just decide to be switzerland . 
  that 's a load of bullshit . 
  the people have a voice , it 's called parliament . 
  having another voice of the people that can override the legitimate people 's representation means the end of parliamentary democracy . 
  pechtold also wants a binding referendum to have veto power over parliament , which makes him incredibly dangerous . 
  when is the last time a referendum did n't turn into a disaster ? 
  most of the migrants crossing the mediterranean are n't from libya they 're from eritrea/somalia . 
  the dutch could form a coalition with 150 one seat parties in parliament . 
  the powers of the people 's tribune was then used to install a dictator , who then continued to rob rome blind . 
  parliament are the people 's representatives . 
  taking power from the legitimate people 's representation and giving it to the mob is worrisome and extremely dangerous . 
  https://tweedekamer2017.stemwijzer.nl/#intro this site shows all the stances of the political parties on important issues . 
  question 1 is about introducing a binding referendum to veto bills parliament voted on . 
  wilders however does want to strip parliament of the authority to pass laws . 
  but without the trade deal there would be no way to enforce any pdo status in canada . 
  so it was n't lost , just not included . 
  it seems obvious to me that this is the future of law enforcement . 
  i do n't like it myself , but we ca n't expect law enforcement to stagnate while society evolves around it . 
  honestly we should just forget about this whole eu thing , appoint an emperor and proclaim the return of the holy roman empire . 
  because the pvda 's willingness to put the country before the party and their preparedness to be part of a coalition government was one of their primary campaign promises . 
  so if that is the reason you voted for them , you voted for them because you agreed with their policy , which makes it a regular vote and not a strategic vote . 
  i do n't think you voted strategically . 
  if youu voted for the pvda because they were willing to form a government with any party , you voted for them because you agree with their position . 
  people who vote strategically do n't understand how the dutch election system works . 
  and last time a lot of people voted for the pvda strategically . 
  people do n't like parties that make compromises and work together with parties they do n't agree with . 
  and the labour party 's numbers were a bit inflated last election because a lot of people do n't understand how our elections work . 
  i think it 's perfectly reasonable to adhere to cultural norms of the host country . 
  but if you do it whilst saying you 're implementing a feminist foreign policy that is just hypocrisy . 
  those are more like royal decrees . 
  minority governments have less democratic legitimacy than majority governments even if the largest party is n't part of the majority government . 
  the anti-pvv bloc is much much larger than the pro-pvv bloc . 
  and if he does n't make the impossibility of a vvd-pvv coalition absolutely clear , those voters will abandon the vvd for a partij that does unilaterally exclude the pvv .
