sadly there is no * 1984 * for multiculturalism , because nobody could ever have pictured we 'd engage in mass cultural and demographic suicide , and that we needed to be warned against it . 
  it 's not the campaign that 's failing so much as it is the eu . 
  when the news broke , i waited 2 weeks , then went out and bought a new gti . 
  my reasoning was that if vw was getting away with it for so long , it was likely that everyone was doing it . 
  got a great deal , and that car is a beauty . 
  this is the type of hand wringing that they 've come to expect from us . 
  they know they can force our borders and our women , and all we 'll do about it is write editorials about how we have failed them . 
  enough . 
  importing ~ 500k more men than women every year is going to cause massive problems no matter what their culture is when they come , and no matter to what extent they desire to adopt ours . 
  we 're importing a perfect storm here , it 's suicide . 
  respice post te !, 
  the people are finally starting to listen . 
  please , let it not be too late . 
  except the far-left stuff has the support of the admins and regularly gets praised by the guardian . 
  lmao . 
  must have been quite a stutter . . matthew 10 : * 32 `` whoever acknowledges me before others , i will also acknowledge before my father in heaven . 
  * * 33 but whoever disowns me before others , i will disown before my father in heaven . 
  * * 34 `` do not suppose that i have come to bring peace to the earth . 
  i did not come to bring peace , but a sword . 
  * * 35 for i have come to turn ``` a man against his father , a daughter against her mother , a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law -- * * 36 a man 's enemies will be the members of his own household . ' * * 37 `` anyone who loves their father or mother more than me is not worthy of me ; anyone who loves their son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me . 
  * * 38 whoever does not take up their cross and follow me is not worthy of me . 
  * so your meme is pretty inaccurate , ideal as it may be . 
  in practice though , we pick and choose which parts of the bible to ignore and which to promote . 
  the pope seems able to ignore the implications of the passage above when he says that other religions do n't need christ for salvation , so i remain disappointed that he does n't ignore the anti-gay stuff in the bible as well ( which is much more flimsy than all the ` smite the nonbelievers ' stuff ) . 
  why did they cover it in what appears to be felt cutouts of pistols produced by a five year old ? 
  they engaged in massive public works projects to employ the masses and rolled all the unions into the [ daf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_labour_front ) which provided work security and created volkswagen because to create a people 's car for the masses . 
  the most interesting part of this to be , is that crunchyroll recognizes ukrainian sovereignty over crimea . 
  putin is definitely going to have to back down now , he ca n't afford waifu sanctions . 
  i want to say `` we do n't want him either '' , but the idea of forcing him to cook blood pudding makes me chuckle . 
  the british population is only growing because of immigration . 
  birthrate is below 2 children per couple . 
  meanwhile we 're taking in immigrants from places where they have 8 children per couple . . and that 's with one of the higher birthrates in western europe . 
  germans are below 1.5 children per couple . 
  native europeans will be a minority in our own countries within our lifetimes . 
  because we 've demonstrated that we wo n't let them starve . 
  they can go deadweight , and we will keep them alive . 
  so what 's the worst that can happen , on an immediate and personal level ? 
  they get new tents that are the same as the old one . 
  best case scenario ? 
  they get better treatment . 
  their only incentive not to do this is that if they all do that , there will be a backlash by the host nation . 
  however , this is classic [ tragedy of the commons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tragedy_of_the_commons ) . 
  people keep making the mistake of thinking that these things are decided democratically . 
  as if we do n't need to be worried until over 50 % of the population is muslim , or 50 % of muslims are extremist . 
  what % of muslims were extremist in iran or afghanistan before those countries went hardline ? 
  how about turkey , which is marching down that road ? 
  violence and intimidation are force multipliers . 
  a certain chancellor who shall remain nameless only had 33 % of the vote in ' 33 . . 
  i 'd say terrorists are mentally ill , but they 're not a huge concern on their own . 
  it 's the millions coming here who think their kind will come to dominate europe and they want a slice of it . 
  the ones who smile to themselves at the actions of the terrorists but are n't crazy enough to do it themselves . . that 's what scares me . 
  crassus said nobody is rich until they can afford an army . . 
  i think we know who soros 's army is . . 
   this should be higher it 's very rude to refer to your president as `` this '' !, 
  i totally read that as `` i feel barbarian '' . . 
  i was about to say i know how you feel !, 
  i always root for the gauls when i read roman history but the story is always the same . . :(, 
  i really hope the only reason the eu is talking about turkish accession is because it 's a powerful bargaining tool , and not because they 'd ever actually do it . 
  i do feel a bit vindicated though , because my remainer friends would always roll their eyes when i mentioned turkey joining the eu and how much it troubled me . 
  i 'm actually just learning today that it 's not `` d'assault '' . . 
  i do n't know . . 
  i figured they also make planes ... for assault purposes ... 
  it made sense until i thought about it !, 
  dassault systems also makes solidworks . 
  i find it hard to resent anyone who makes solidworks . 
  if you take it for granted that a ) the eu always acts in the interest of the european people and b ) the eu 's decisions are always correct then i suppose `` if the eu lets turkey in it means turkey is now perfect '' follows . 
  i , on the other hand , see the process of turkey joining being moved along by the eu while turkey moves backwards and looks less and less like something that belongs in the eu , leading me to wonder if their actual priorities have anything to do with us . 
  literally a million of them walked in last year an got away with it . 
  or you can get in a shoddy boat a few miles off the coast of libya and they will bring you to italy . 
  like any smart migrant , you 've destroyed your documents , so they ca n't deport you . 
  and we 've seen massive waves of crimes from among these newcomers such as the nye sex attacks , which results in a coverup from police , and a few slaps on the wrist , not even deportation , to show they 're `` taking it seriously '' . 
  are the general public really this ignorant of what 's going on ? 
  but how will you fight it while simultaneously increasing their presence ? 
  `` education '' is the usual safe answer . 
  i would contend that it is this sort of weakness that makes us such an appealing target to attack for them . 
  you should be ashamed of attempting to cast me in that light and claiming i owe you any kind of answer to such a ludicrous line of inquiry . 
  edit : well you edited your post to actually ask a question and make my existing response look evasive , so i 'll edit mine to answer it . 
  we rose out of darkness by embracing secularism , empiricism , and freedom from enslavement . 
  it was not an automatic process , and there were those who wished to undo it . 
  now we are faced with an increasing presence of a cult of submission , so yes i believe we are justified in opposing it . 
  i 'd start off by ending all immigration from majority muslim countries into the eu , and deporting illegal migrants . 
  radical islam is founded on the eventual submission of all people to the strictest version of islam . 
  if we want to fight this , i do n't see how becoming 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 % muslim is going to help us . 
  you 're just hoping that if we capitulate , they will treat us gently . 
  it 's naive . 
   i 'm trying not to put words in your mouth but you believe in genocide right ? 
  i 'm not even going to dignify that childish rhetoric with a response . 
  i do n't see how the `` second generation '' argument is compelling either . 
  all the more reason not to import the first generation . 
  merkel says one thing and does the opposite . 
  we are still `` rescuing '' them in their thousands from off the coast of africa and bringing them here . 
  meanwhile deportations are not occurring , and amnesty is . 
   well , we can say the same about europe until the last decades . 
  this common idea that `` we were once quarrelsome , but we got over it . 
  therefore so will they '' . 
  that is what i mean by an idea of inevitable adoption of our values . 
  you see it too in all of these notions that `` oh they just need to be taught that 's wrong '' when our weakness is exploited . 
  i feel that this overconfidence in the inevitability of our own liberal values seeping into them via osmosis and displacing the mentality of conquest is dangerously naive . 
  we 've already seen a lot of 2nd-3rd generation immigrants from those who arrived during the colonial era picking up the sword . 
  at the very least , i do n't have enough faith in this `` inevitability '' to mortgage our birthright and heritage on it .
