i honestly do n't believe that the political powers in play are making decisions based on charitable feelings , especially when their own constituents do n't support those particular decisions . 
  maybe i am reading too much into it and it really just comes down to institutional incompetence . 
  you can talk about the collective society enduring a `` modicum '' of hardship from this , but to the native individuals who were raped , murdered , infected , or otherwise victimised their additional hardship amounts to more than just a `` modicum '' . 
  at some point , some bureaucrat had to have made the calculation that x number of additional rapes , thefts , murders , and exotic diseases were acceptable for the sake of forcing in a population that will never integrate . 
  i just do n't understand who actually benefits . 
  a big lie would require the competence to organise cooperatively . 
  they are ragtag independent volunteers working on their own time and with their own submarines and helicopters and they do n't exist , they are a figment of your imagination . 
  even if they exist , they are clearly just the migrants themselves policing each other . 
  also , they are really russian citizens ( putin should really keep better track of them ) . 
  and they still do n't exist , at least not until the operation is completed . 
  while journalists tend to lean left on social issues , it is the editor who determines what stays in a story and what gets cut out . 
  the editorial stance is typically controlled by the publisher . 
  so even an honest reporter trying to be objective will see his work twisted to suit the publisher 's interests . 
  this is why it is important to get news from multiple sources . 
  inoffensive generic pop favorrriterrrr, 
  i asked an acquaintance to translate what he is screaming when on the tracks . 
  the best guess was `` i do n't want to go to war in iraq '' , but i ca n't verify this anywhere . 
  that 's a constructive attitude to have , and i wish you luck . 
  you can be proud , but history has n't been very kind to the people living there . 
  they are n't - the islands were settled by norwegians , 
  you give them too much credit - they 're not smart enough to be truly evil . 
  so you do n't deny it , then ? 
  you also forgot to mention the subcultures of fish and rocks . 
  the problem with that rule is that whenever a person 's name , religion , or ethnicity is not mentioned in a report , people assume that it is because they are in a minority group , even if they are n't . 
  you had your chance , but you picked france . 
  half-serious suggestion : divide sweden amongst norway , denmark , and finland until you have four states of equal population . 
  that is a good point , i was thinking more conceptually than historically . 
  i read that the cuman people had assimilated on their own , so i imagined that part of the resistance in other areas was more related to regional autonomy against centralisation , rather than just about culture . 
  i see , so the attempt to make the country more stable via magyarisation backfired by increasing regional resistance and ill-will . 
  but i think it is hard to separate this from the increased centralisation at the time , too . 
  you would need more centralisation to enforce magyarisation , so i think both forces come into play . 
  i would personally like to see hungary reunified based on a swiss-type canton model with high regional autonomy , purely for sentimental reasons . 
  i do n't know of any politicians who seriously consider this , but rather they redirect this popular sentiment , which can be quite strong , for their own purposes . 
  that is , fidesz and jobbik rattle their sabres about lost territories , but they will never get them back that way and they know it - they just want power . 
  thank you for your perspective !, 
  i do n't get it . 
  hypothetically , if hungary had been monolingual and monocultural , then it would have been less likely to have lost those provinces , right ? 
  my reasoning being the fact that they were different cultures , or at least languages , was used to justify the split . 
  not just the rest of europe , but the rest of scandinavia . 
  sd officially wanted to reduce the number of asylum requests granted in sweden per capita per year by 90 % , which would bring the rate in line with ... finland . 
  those extremist , super-racist finns , you know . 
  sd may or may not be racist off the record , but there is nothing extreme about their party platform . 
  compare this to the fi manifesto , which among other things , if i recall correctly , sought to dismantle the swedish military and eliminate national borders , and sd look like a paragons of reason . 
  does n't the map group slavic and iranian/aryan together into yellow ? 
  somaliland in the north is n't so bad , and it desires independence from somalia . 
  a deal could be struck , for example , where independence is formally recognised by the eu , and in return somali criminals could be deported back there . 
  aneas ' mother-in-law, 
  nice , but i think vytautas kernagis would be a better example , since he often talk-sings . 
  favorites : i think portuguese is beautiful . 
  flowing with a wide variety of sounds . 
  european is easy-going and cozy . 
  brazilian is fun and energetic . 
  some people say it sounds slavic , but i do n't hear it . 
  russian/belarusian/ukrainian all sound pillowy and sweet to me . 
  also kind of goofy . 
  belarusian is probably the cutest of the three . 
  lithuanian sounds very charming . 
  the wide variety of clear sounds and emphatic tones make it very versatile - both hard and soft , angry and pleasant , silly and suspicious , lively and calm . 
  neutral : usually i think these well represent who is speaking . 
  german sounds like how a normal person would speak , except a bit more powerful . 
  italian , french : how they sound largely depend on the speaker for me . 
  usually french people sound bored and italian people sound like they are complaining about something . 
  finnish , hungarian : monotone , but steady and clearly pronounced . 
  vowel harmony and even pacing makes their words seem to run together . 
  their charm comes from their utter lack of charm . 
  finnish sounds more gritty . 
  hungarian sounds more feminine . 
  they can drone on a bit , and the monotone can give the impression of insects buzzing . 
  chinese : the tones make it interesting and exotic to hear , but neither pleasant nor unpleasant . 
  unless they are singing . 
  chinese when sung sounds awful . 
  swedish : sounds similar to a norwegian , if they had a stick up their ass , used the opposite tone that they were supposed to , and were mildly irritated , as if they suspected someone nearby had just farted . 
  they sound like haughty rednecks . 
  kind of annoying , kind of funny . 
  not so bad that i care . 
  least favourites : spanish : obnoxious , loud , and blabbering . 
  staccato , forceful even pacing , and it never seems to stop . 
  the jackhammer of languages . 
  weird how it gives me the opposite impression of portuguese , considering how related they are . 
  hindi , urdu , bengali , etc. 
  : the bouncy tone , frantic pace , garbled vowels and constant retroflex consonants all conspire to make me flee when someone speaks ( or frequently screams ) this family of languages . 
  danish : sounds like slurred norwegian spoken backwards by a sleepy drunken bureaucrat . 
  arabic : harsh , barbarous , and torturous . 
  this yelling , whining , coughing , phlegmy language brings to mind the image of someone vomiting up physical words to assault others with . 
  the letter transliterated as ' is the worst phonetic invention i have ever heard . 
  i tried learning this language once , but my body and mind rejected it . 
  i 'd rather listen to someone struggle to take a shit than listen to arabic . 
  these are just my opinions on how some languages sound , mind you . 
  could n't they substitute with something cheaper than beef , like chicken ? 
  maib\u012f j\u016b \u0161ud \u010draj it - it majt by fann\u012f . 
  export love , not war . 
  i just spoke with someone who is staying in g\u00e4rdet by the metro and they did n't see anything going on nearby . 
  cars still driving around , etc. 
  i guess the situation is really localised , even within g\u00e4rdet . 
  does it still play that arcade jingle ? 
  you 're always a winner on metro line 1 . 
  edit : [ insert forints to continue ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tq6xaftz570 ), 
  i am now convinced that pagan religions were invented primarily for the purpose of scaring children . 
  one gets the impression this sort of thing has been going on for a while . 
  what other stories have been conveniently omitted ?
