  [ blue flight : swedish cops are quitting in droves ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20160506/blue-flight-swedish-cops-quitting-in-droves ), 
  the australians were assaulted in rinkeby ; this is also in husby , where there were riots a few years ago . 
  the fox says , `` dil-dal-holom '' in a fine , clear voice . 
  at least , that is how he calls in the herd . 
  [ the fox as herdsman ] ( http://www.sacred-texts.com/neu/ptn/ptn20.htm ), 
  they 're just so subtle and clever , it might take two years to figure them out and fully appreciate their nuanced arguments . 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  i 'm just trying to make kvass happen in the rest of europe . 
  cool , i 'll remember this . 
  they do n't have to drink more than you , they just have to drink less of everything else . 
  kvass , i would guess . 
  not my job . 
  pay me a politician 's wages and bribes and you 'll get a solution . 
  by removing a tumour we are letting the tumour win . 
  we must not let melanoma change our way of life . 
  there are state-sponsored free classes for adults to learn swedish as a second language , but according to my colleagues who tried it , they are abysmal - slow and rudimentary and often taught by non-native speakers . 
  decent classes are expensive , duolingo is free . 
  make anatolian greece lydian again, 
  that 's fair . 
  i was thinking that a suicide rate could rise when quality of life increases in a way that prevents other deaths . 
  as in , people do n't die from accidents or war before they are able to commit suicide . 
  pakistan is even higher on that list than turkey . 
  maybe gender roles and secular/european culture have less to do with this than you are thinking ? 
  [ wikipedia list of countries by suicide rate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate ) turkey has a higher rate overall than greece or italy or uk . 
  except for turkey , unless it has become a bastion of feminist ideals recently . 
  i did n't realise 60 % of europe 's doctors were hanging out in uk . 
  i heard there 's a big problem with immigrant moose slums . 
  not if the barbarians surrounding you are set to `` raging hordes '' . 
  they can make it even better so it sinks twice as fast . 
   the name for the `` teve '' county has yet to be decided upon . 
  given the historical bratsberg , i vote for p\u00f8lseland . 
  police do n't usually fire back , though . 
  maybe they are losing patience ? 
  i went to sundbyberg on business a few months ago and walked downtown only to find a group of people around a store and police questioning people . 
  i asked a store clerk what happened and apparently 30 minutes before some hooded guy had just robbed/burglarised the store below and made off on a moped . 
  in the middle of town . 
  in the middle of the day . 
  on a weekday . 
  it is just one incident , of course , but it made me look at sundbyberg a little differently . 
  i think most people do n't think hard about these things until they encounter them directly . 
  these selfless swedes just want to make an honest man out of mr. trump . 
  it 's pronounced `` rsrsrsrsrs '' . 
  maybe if you could count better you would n't have lost track of your other lake . 
  housing . 
  again . 
  housing, 
  north african . 
  but i do hear ethnic iranian and turkish people saying something like , `` i do n't want my kid coming home from school speaking arabic ! '', 
  do n't take it personally . 
  swedes just react weirdly to human behaviour because they are actually robots . 
  i have some muslim acquaintances who are even in favour of - if not an outright ban - at least greater restrictions on migration from those countries . 
  it would be interesting to see how that demographic compares to others . 
  those i know are highly educated , though . 
  i only saw the truncated version on youtube , but i just thought he sounded very drunk or high . 
  i guess i almost never meet people that normally stupid . 
  a trial is where you submit the evidence formally to decide on the extent of the punishment , otherwise things get sloppy . 
  they are already arrested . 
  you can tell by his haircut . 
  it 's like a person blind from birth trying to convince themselves they are n't missing something . 
  you ca n't expect them to imagine something else . 
  do n't forget about medical research !, 
  baby penis skin sold for a profit , and the parents pay for the procedure . 
  welcome to the usa , kid . 
  that picture just raises further questions !, 
  i like you, 
  \u00d6land \u00d6 + land = island + land \u00d6l + and = beer + duck, 
  because they are quoting the police ? 
  how disturbingly prophetic for today . 
  the first source says they did look at women , also about 20 % . 
  it also says that the percentage of non-westerner convictions has risen in the past few years . 
  but it does n't say what the crimes were or their frequency , recidivism , etc. 
  unless i read it wrong . 
  that 's a good point . 
  going by the `` ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure '' idea , i think you can safely extrapolate disproportionate punishment to disproportionate prevention . 
  the question becomes to what extent , and i do n't have a good answer to that . 
  i suppose it would come out of experience . 
  i do n't think it 's circular ; it is a similar reasoning to hate crime laws . 
  i see what you mean , but i 'd argue that since the intent creates a disproportionately different effect , psychologically , and socially , between an accident and a wilful crime , it requires a disproportionate response rather than one just based on the absolute number of casualties . 
  i think that is the approach the law usually takes anyway . 
  there are many reasons behind it , but killing people is the desired result . 
  they could issue threats , warnings , sabotage , vandalism , thievery , burglary , non-lethal violence , rapes , etc. , all of which cause fear and change in behaviour . 
  hell , if they were just religious they could threaten fire and brimstone in the afterlife for infidels and do nothing else actively . 
  the fact is they want to kill , out of hate or revenge or stupidity or self-pity or religious direction . 
  somebody in saudi arabia probably profits , i guess . 
  i 'm pretty sure terrorism exists because terrorists want to kill people . 
  cars do n't want to kill people . 
  the intent makes a difference . 
  no , women have a problem with womanterpreting everything as misogyny . 
  those childish superhero ones , right ? 
  i thought it was a lame parody . 
  why not just call it being patronising , rather than use an inherently sexist invented term ? 
  yes , that is what i was implying , that real refugees are relieved and grateful to be alive - they are not shopping around for a ` better life ' . 
  those people you met are opportunists and not refugees and they have no right to be here . 
  you could just as easily say that censoring speech violates a person 's dignity . 
  i swear that whenever i am in sweden i see more pride flags than swedish flags . 
  then again , swedish flags are also known as shame flags . 
  the sort of `` life imitates art '' style of postmodernism sounds more similar to the sort of hegelian idealism that feuerbach and marx opposed . 
  materialism vs. idealism . 
  then again , consistency does n't seem to be a feature of postmodernism , a postmodernist can probably call themself whatever they want . 
  i know what you mean , but `` cultural marxism '' is such a bullshit term , though .
