  try several months . 
  this happened back in august . 
  i 'd never even heard about this event . 
  i am aware of newspapers tactically burying political scandals to gain favours , so maybe by not reporting something that might benefit the opposition nationalist party the newspaper management figured they could use it as leverage with the parties in power . 
  `` we did you a favour by not reporting this , so be nice to us . '', 
  but when the new years eve story broke , this became too juicy - or maybe too embarrassing - to keep hidden anymore . 
  it 's pretty cheeky that the journalist wo n't officially admit to the other paper that they buried the story , even when in private she admitted it to her police source ( assuming i 'm reading that correctly ) . 
  the recorded conversations between them read like a child trying to evade responsibility . 
  * edit : ... and now it 's removed . 
  somalia is moving up in the world . 
  norwegian sounds perfectly normal to me ; everything else just sounds angry or bored all the time . 
  the swedish system is politically haughty and patronising , and the populace is enthralled by the state and easily ( mis ) led . 
  this is all holdover from its brief imperial past , a past which was ended by their own hubris . 
  and they talk funny . 
  when i was that age i had zero respect for whatever i perceived to be the establishment 's literary canon . 
  i half-assed or ignored my way through required and advertised reading so that i could read what i wanted to myself . 
  teens do n't usually like to be overtly manipulated by people who are n't their peers . 
  what is disturbing is that the risk of terrorist attacks would have been reduced , or possibly even eliminated with different public policies , for example , restrictions on immigration from certain areas , limits on foreign support for domestic religious institutions , and so on . 
  you look at the risks and determine where they are coming from and where you have the power to influence them . 
  the risk of islamic terrorism in particular does not exist where islam does not exist . 
  they were able to do that because denmark is an inept ally . 
  i 've met african refugees in the usa . 
  they were some of the happiest , almost comically grateful people i have ever seen for this very same reason . 
  were n't the three wise men foreigners anyway ? 
  ergo , god could n't find three wise men outside of norway ? 
  [ i do n't know if this translates well or is that offensive ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vz0rgmc5u_c ), 
  they 'll get the joke eventually . 
  `` pleonasm is the additional and extra use of added , spare , unnecessary , redundant ( superfluous or surplus ) , unneeded , and uncalled-for words in addition to , and on top of , what is necessary or essential . 
  or required . 
  or obligatory or vital or requisite or crucial . '', 
  i 've met a number of communists from iran , afghanistan , iraq , and turkey , secular north african muslims , levantine/turkish jews , kurds , gnostics , bahai . 
  i met a guy who worked in saudi , who drank confiscated liquor with a border guard . 
  they would n't dare call the salafi fundamentalists anything other than trashy hypocritical idiots . 
  i bring up islam and you bring up genocide . 
  islam is not a race . 
  who is extrapolating here ? 
  i actually speak with them and ask them what they think of each other . 
  middle eastern leftists are quite critical ( putting it mildly ) of islam and islamic culture , and many have fled from there for their own safety accordingly . 
  unsurprisingly , they are astonished at how `` western '' leftists are so supportive of oppressive systems of belief . 
  i also have religious family and have lived around religious people in a more religious country . 
  edit : it is also rather telling that i mention religious people and you respond about immigrants , as if they were one and the same . 
  they are not . 
  it is naive to defend religious hypocrites . 
  frankly , this ridiculous garb is not mandated by any religion either , but rather political groups like the taliban - wearing it around is a provocation , like parading around in an ss uniform on the beach . 
  no one should have to tolerate that . 
  i do find that those who defend these people have little to no experience in actually interacting with them . 
  try to live in a place where they make the rules . 
  they do not deserve your sympathy . 
  i just posted the first link i found with the audio recording . 
  [ british muslim cleric tells teens keeping women as sex slaves is allowed under islam in a rambling address he also told the boys that men could come to treat their mothers as slaves ] ( https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/1529588/british-muslim-cleric-where-jihadis-were-radicalised-tells-teens-that-captives-are-allowed-under-islam/ ) edit : [ just the 1 minute recording ( youtube ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imwlhgrvsrg ), 
  exactly , sorry i was n't very clear . 
  by saying `` only '' , i guess i meant those politicians and not the norwegian people themselves . 
  if the uk joining efta were put to a referendum i do n't think they would be blocked . 
  it 's only the pro-eu norwegian parties that would try such a stunt . 
  the centerparty and socialist left party are right to call them out on their hypocrisy . 
  having a bigger country as a negotiating partner would probably help our bargaining position . 
  this is more about the pro-eu norwegian politicians ' reluctance to give up power to uk politicians which might actually be critical of eu policies . 
  the suicide does make it sound more like a school/workplace/public shooting . 
  i would - prematurely , i know - assume multiple motives that worked in concert including , but not limited to , religion . 
  ugh , indeed . 
  but since communism does not make unfalsifiable supernatural claims , its claims can be and were disproven through experience . 
  the material promises of communism did n't materialise , so even many of its leaders stopped believing in it . 
  religious supernatural promises of the afterlife and gods ' wills ca n't be observed to be false in the same way . 
  so , on a personal level , communism does not rely on faith like islam does . 
  really , the authorities not doing anything sends two disturbing messages at once . 
  1 - we are incapable of fixing a real problem . 
  2 - we are incapable of stopping you from trying to fix it yourselves . 
  i have said something similar about any scandinavian/nordic union . 
  sweden would have to be cut in half . 
  and spain is even bigger . 
  it would be a terrible deal for portugal to be dominated on that level . 
  i suppose you could say something similar about the eu itself . 
  so now we 'll see someone actually competent rise to power - or someone too stupid to realise that they are incompetent . 
  how is a popular singer/songwriter not a media personality ? 
  or do you mean cell culture growth media ? 
  welcome to the swedish media . 
  hard to have dialogues with people who do n't speak the language . 
  yes , it would impact the planning of those in turkey who are not in any immediate danger and do not want to be stuck in the balkans/greece . 
  yes , i remember the news commentators , ngos , and some politicians claiming that fences and border enforcement would have no impact . 
  sometimes it was lies , sometimes it was wilful denial of reality . 
  some people lie when they stand to profit or have something to lose . 
  some people are so arrogant that they really think they can get away with it , and they often do . 
  many people are gullible . 
  the peak coincides with the hungarian border fence ( defying eu ) along serbia and croatia in september and october , and the effective closing of the balkan route of migration when macedonia ( not in eu ) closed its own borders with greece . 
  [ impact on the number of illegal migrants entering hungary - wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_border_barrier#impact_on_the_number_of_illegal_migrants_entering_hungary ), 
  familiarity breeds contempt . 
  `` the only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable . '', 
  - john kenneth galbraith, 
  `` in 1519 , gustav eriksson escaped from kal\u00f8 . 
  he fled to the hanseatic city of l\u00fcbeck where he arrived on 30 september . 
  how he managed to escape is not certain , but according to a somewhat likely story , he disguised himself as a bullocky . 
  for this , gustav eriksson got the nicknames `` king oxtail '' and `` gustav cow butt '' , something he indeed disliked . '', 
  every day i celebrate the fact that i am not swedish . 
  i really thought russia would keep her out of spite . 
  i guess they realised that they could no longer get anything useful out of her . 
  congratulations to small diplomatic victories . 
  because it 's not swedenough . 
  the nrk team was attacked in husby , where there were riots a few years ago . 
  rinkeby is a different problem area . 
  swedish police are understaffed and underpaid , according to their union .
