  i once got gold when i said a shit joke that was later downvoted . 
  rare , is n't it ? 
  they made pinball games ? 
  the ones who created saint 's row iv , i think it 's deep silver or someone else ... 
  while i work , i secretly go to the coffee machines to have a drink of coffee . 
  at my local store there was an amazing discount of coca cola cans because it expires for 10 days . 
  one pack of 32 cans costed like 1,90 $ . 
  we bought lots of it, 
  that was short ... 
  lathe machinist afaik, 
  fucking normies get off my board, 
  1,72 m i 'm okay with that, 
  here 's to you by joan beaz or ennio morricone . 
  also plays at the ending credits of metal gear solid 4 . 
  so the hackers or phishers ca n't easily access your account , and it 's called the two factor authentication . 
  eaten - bloodbath, 
  the fucking `` fuccbois '' or those who wear `` swag '' things . 
  brb, 
  / r/fifthworldproblems, 
  sweden or finland because nature is beautiful . 
  worrying about hundred things . 
  * it 's just a hobby , i swear *, 
  tomorrow is friday, 
  surf the internet or reddit until my eyes are starting to close by themselves . 
  i never get rude at people . 
  to buy a gaming pc that can run modern games . 
  * `` til there 's a post on subreddit that asks what will / r/til look like in hundred years . 
  that actually was n't a bad song, 
  there 's a new link restocked on the page . 
  we found the hacker 4chan !, 
  howl 's moving castle . 
  it 's a japanese cartoon , but good !, 
  i did n't notice the mcdonald 's hate on reddit , but if you go to eat there everyday , it 's not healthy , if you go to eat there only every two months or rarely like me , it 's ok . 
  * the beggining of a disaster : part 1 *, 
  bunch of bestgore videos . 
  do n't go there . 
  ^ i ^ know ^ you ^ will ^ anyway ^ . 
  the sound of the machine tools that dentists use . 
  a horror . 
  * ... yuna , i must go . 
  was it the '' - will - '' sequel ? 
  when a shitty song plays . 
  nova launcher prime if you 're an android user . 
  [ if you 're an android user , you can install slidejoy which you can earn money by doing nothing . 
  ] ( http://getslidejoy.com/r/ihclz?id=1 ) also / r/beermoney might help you . 
  also [ postloop ] ( http://www.postloop.com/invite/smederevac ) is a great site which you earn online just by posting on forums , i earned like 40 dollars there . 
  trump maybe . 
  hillary might also be good but i heard some negative things about her . 
  true , i once had a virus which i had to be rooted to be remove it . 
  beg for money , and then for the earned money try to subscribe to gym just to shower , then for the other earned begged money , try to apply for a course , and then after finishing the course , try to find a job . 
  trying to build a homemade gun is like impossible because you would need lots of tools , unless you 're gon na build a potato launcher or some other cheap alternative like from a 3d printer ... 
  my elementary school always gave us best lunches so , none . 
  later , my engineering school did n't gave us lunches so we had to make food from home . 
  money and intelligence . 
  people do n't care about american elections in my country too much . 
  if you ask them which are they gon na vote , they will say a random politician or tell a joke or something . 
  gta v , garry 's mod , rust and dayz . 
  is that game even alive ? 
  to the wrong places . 
  gym would do . 
  when i was 2 , i liked to break vases . 
  i guess i was link . 
  zurich , switzerland 9/10 . 
  montenegro , not sure where 8/10 . 
  belgrade , serbia 6/10 . 
  nova gorica and nearby , slovenia 7/10 . 
  do like in dante 's inferno , kill death . 
  oh , i remember playing this game like 15 years ago . 
  it was my first multiplayer game . 
  no , because anything can be solved in some way . 
  male , blue-brown eyes , brown thick hair , 172cm tall . 
  i once heard that the moon actually does n't exist , but actually projected with a projector by nasa or some other secret services . 
  other one i heard around is about flat earth , but i think that people joke over that one . 
  playstation home . 
  the ending version was even more emotional, 
  it was a nice minigame . 
  i remember dressing up as jesus and following people around lol . 
  hope they will bring it back for ps4 . 
  warning for those with 3g internet on android , you need to watch a 3 minute video which can consume lots of data . 
  it 's like that one god of war 3 level . 
  i 'm very good with computers . 
  thousand of mechanic machines that are working in my company . 
  it goes like at first boom !, 
  and then bam !, 
  and so it repeats . 
  the room, 
  someone gave it to me . 
   * at the moment , there are no available free games . 
  post removed in 3 . .2 . .1 ... 
  reznov from black ops, 
  i 've been in love with two people in my class when i was 12 . 
  it 's somewhat not easy to deal with it , but i think it 's normal . 
  the best way to dating advice is to invent by yourself and experiment with it until you get it successful . 
  especially in very small companies with maximum of 10 people , the boss is always here . 
  * what the hell are the birds and bees ? 
  a car ? 
  a color ? 
  * order your room at vault 141 right now , and be safe !, 
  as an european , true . 
  * if ever a dog attacks you , press the q button repeatedly .
