  - always walk with your heels , especially in an apartment in middle of the night . 
  - sleeping in a hostel ? 
  your body is full of gases ? 
  fart as strong as you can . 
  - do n't flush when you defecate in a public bathroom . 
  - while visiting reddit comments , upvote only comments with short answers that have nothing to do with that thread . 
  all of the italy . 
  was the movie called `` the room '' ? 
  work as a scientist and try to create a clone , and tell to that clone to make a clone of himself too , and so on ... 
  go outside in the garden and photograph some beautiful flowers and small interesting insects . 
  i like photography , so it 's also my hobby . 
  if i find the owner , then yes . 
  if not , go to police or something . 
  skyrim and fallout 3 . 
  both good games , i completed skyrim three times . 
  school . 
  bullies especially . 
  rrepilyng to thius comenth, 
  draw . 
  build a very , very powerful computer . 
  `` we will we will fuck you '' instead of rock you . 
  `` i 'm the cook '', 
  marijuana soap in my country ( italy ), 
  a bahamut summon . 
  xddd, 
  the sound of any alarm . 
  it may look scary and irritating but i actually like it a lot . 
  `` dark souls is a pretty easy game , i beat it for hours ! '', 
  because the happy person who received gold is a jew ? 
  final fantasy x remaster prelude . 
  - stronghold, 
  - kremlin, 
  - crisis, 
  - propeller, 
  - shelter, 
  - krokodil, 
  - astral, 
  - polynomial, 
  - software, 
  - unknown, 
  - crimson, 
  - tsar, 
  - collagen, 
  - redamancy, 
  - hardware, 
  - chrysler, 
  flappy bird on android and silent hill demo on playstation 4 . 
  big boss . 
  we can drink coffee whenever we want . 
  first day of school for the 86th time . 
  or because of isis . 
  a next final fantasy title will be released . 
  acer laptops . 
  had three different models , all of them died from overheating . 
  yes , i had external a cooler for all of them . 
  swag themed clothing . 
  make a fallout shelter and get all people inside . 
  to kill the raiders when playing fallout shelter in middle of the night . 
  pain in the ass . 
  there was one guy who played clash of clans in school all the time . 
  he had all the grades low . 
  he used to skip classes a lot and played gta 5 in his ps4 every time in his friends house . 
  he also grew beard and made a hairstyle to cosplay the barbarian from clash of clans ( not sure if the first soldier is called like that ) . 
  his parents thought that he was good at school and had no problems , until the teachers called them . 
  after his parents discovered that he was doing shit in school , he came in school in tears . 
  my school allowed some people with low grades ( 3 maximum ) to pass , but he did n't make it apparently . 
  good for us . 
  he also used to bully some people . 
  he was 17 . 
  when my dentist tried to remove my tooth with anesthesia , but the anesthesia did n't work because it did n't do the effect , so it hurt a lot , and that was the most painful experience . 
  the dentist injected me with more anesthesia , but it did n't work again , so i decided to come next time .1 hour later , i went to eat pizza in a restaurant and suddently noticed that i could n't feel half of my mouth , so i went back to the dentist and she removed my tooth with success . 
  went home then . 
  the first time in my life i have been a little more about the meeting we will have to be a good time to do the same thing as a result of the intended only one who has the best of luck to everyone who has a lot to do it again for your help in the morning to see if we are going on with you on your website and the rest are the best way to get a good idea to get a chance of getting the best of luck to everyone who has a lot more than one of my friends are like to know what you are hereby on notice that any disclosure or distribution is a very nice of you to know what to do the same thing as well as well as well and that any use dissemination forwarding printing copying or use of or taking action on the way i could not be used for a while and it was a great weekend and the kids are doing a great weekend too late for you and i am going on in your life in a couple of days and times that i am not sure how long do you have any other person is a very good at the bottom of the day before the meeting we have been in touch and let me a little bit of the individual or organization and the other day and night i had a good time to do it for you to the intended . 
  why do you want to x with us ? 
  neighbors are very loud and irritant . 
  when you have to pee so badly , but your urethra hurts very much . 
  i did n't pee for 1 day . 
  it hurt me because i was playing with it with pointy things . 
  waterfox or palemoon ,, 
  steam ,, 
  virtualbox ,, 
  ubuntu as second os . 
  that 's what i have on my pc . 
  i live in the most annoying neighborhood , where people would always yell when they want to say something . 
  my nose is not centered . 
  buffalax . 
  what 's wrong with nestle ? 
  his face ... he iooks very proud . 
  the guy game . 
  spanking , because i do n't find it attractive . 
  `` im gon na staple worms into my scrotum , cut his penis with a rusty knife and fuck a deaf dolphin . '', 
  `` are you waiting for this moment fuccboi ? 
  i 'm waiting in my room . '', 
  any death/heavy metal music ever . 
  also destroyer of the universe by amon amarth . 
  because of free 1080p porn . 
  cindy from final fantasy xv, 
  serbia . 
  there 's a monastery where theres a water called holy water . 
  it 's veeeery cold because it comes from a mountain .
