  he was always mad at everyone . 
  a playstation 3 . 
  that happened 5 years ago . 
  none . 
  i never tried mayo . 
  wake up, 
  try to get up, 
  ca n't get up, 
  fap again . 
  repeat to number 3 . 
  something about america . 
  while playing on minecraft server , i just realized that 90 % of people are 2-3 years younger than me . 
  getting beat up in school . 
  that happened 5 years ago and still feel like it happened like 1 month ago . 
  i 'm alone right now . 
  dreaming about having a girlfriend . 
  being in public . 
  there are some people who hate americans because of events that happened in 1998-1999 , while some are okay with that . 
  depends in which city you go . 
  in villages and churches americans are not very welcomed there . 
  while in popular cities i think it 's ok . 
  nato bombing of yugoslavia . 
  more info you can see [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_bombing_of_yugoslavia ), 
  3d glasses . 
  why do you want to work with us ? 
  because i like shiba-inu doggies . 
  serbia . 
  with my overly manly-fists what did you expect ? 
  was she a celebrity or something ? 
  me too . 
  reddit design was very ugly for me , now i 'm all day browsing several subreddits . 
  coca cola . 
  lots of sugar in it . 
  lots . 
  serbia - corrupted government with 90 % of criminal politicians who just want to have more money as possible . 
  i never drank alcohol in my life , but i think that they would n't say anything bad if i drink alcohol underage . 
  i 'm 18 now , i do n't drink beer because i just do n't like it . 
  ( not muslim btw ), 
  seeing my dead cat in the middle of the street while going to school . 
  i could n't believe it was him because there were similar cats like him , but apparently it was him . 
  ok , so what did you do next ? 
  dentist . 
  when she was trying to remove my tooth , but the anesthesia did n't work well . 
  na skype da bi se registrovao , moras da ukucas username , password , email , i posle da verify-ujes tvoj email ( ja mislim ) . 
   croatian, 
  trigjered . 
  me , includind my 2 brothers got all the same scar by 2 centimeters in the forehead when we all fell from a sled and hit a giant rock . 
  we all look like harry potter now . 
  i got that scar when i was 2 or 3 years old , while brothers were teens at that time . 
  a cigarette . 
  seriously they look disgusting to me . 
  phone , walled and a camera . 
  everyone as paul blart . 
  that 's ridiculous !, 
  no way !, 
  i do n't believe you !, 
  amon amarth - destroyer of the universe, 
  you see those warriors from hammerfell ? 
  they 've got curved penises . 
  big curved . 
  geralt looks like he drives trucks . 
  sopa is like sin from final fantasy x. 
  it appears again after some time once defeated . 
  atheists trying to act smarter and being rude to religious people . 
  soccer because someone can get hurt , electric cigarettes i do n't why , swearing swears against god but people do that all the time , punching someone even if it 's because self defense . 
  this is from italian school . 
  the one where i go it 's worse . 
  there was a politician in italy ( veneto region ) who said that she would wipe out all the immigrants . 
  i think she lost elections . 
  deleted me and blocked me from facebook . 
  she still came to my house after that in awkward way . 
  have n't asked her why , but hopefully we are no longer friends . 
  probably because she was jealous because i did n't like her but someone else . 
  but we used to hang out in city both when we were like 10 year old . 
  obnoxious, 
  keeping the house very clean . 
  aeiou aeiou john madden john madden football !, 
  i saw my dead cat on street . 
  i thought first that it was some other cat because he was similar to other cats . 
  but sadly it was him . 
  i ca n't forget that mental image of him laying on the street . 
  i 'm locally famous for repairing other people 's computer . 
  i have many clients coming every time . 
  working on a lathe . 
  seriously , people have died from not caring about safety while working at a lathe . 
  in my country they let you pay later if you do n't have enough money . 
  to deal with my school bullies . 
  i became realky sick of them . 
  `` want to make your penis bigger ? 
  the playstation 1 . 
  i started to play it when i was like 2 years old or less . 
  i played every day quake 2 starting from new game . 
  i also liked medievil so much, 
  it went good . 
  no damages , ~ 50 people invited . 
  neighbor enjoyed the music . 
  surviving a war . 
  serbian ( native ) , italian ( fluent ) , english ( fluent ) , spanish ( somewhat ) , russian ( dota 2 swears only ), 
  you, 
  - when borrowing a pen from someone , do n't return it because it 's yours now .
