  i just do n't recomment placing it on the sunlight ... 
  yeah , i have it . 
  pretty good . 
  pretty good screenshot . 
  the watermark is a bit too big imo . 
  i thought it said `` usa '' instead `` psa '' . 
  if the leak is fake , it 's very well done like it 's written from a real kojima worker ... 
  store has bugged a few times stopping and resuming the download with me yesterday , so maybe that 's why . 
  i will try to reinstall it then ... 
  no videos , only links which directly lead to the giveaways . 
  * robotic laugh, 
  when you encounter a friendly guy in dayz, 
  or a few cats too, 
  he is probavly living in diystopia . 
  soon when the teeth will learn to walk , it will soon discover fire too . 
  dude must have a gta 5 style of health . 
  it rocks . 
  did n't know the this game got released in 2005 . 
  i though it got released somewhere in 2009/2010 ... 
  there is one already made . 
  wtf did i just watch, 
  i right now did as you said and it worked !, 
  thanks for this solution !, 
  same . 
  i bought nova for 0.10 $ before . 
  get a new friend . 
  there are those types of bad friends . 
  i once had a friend which was stealing from my home every time i go to holidays . 
  maybe the old wd from 2009 or something because i 've got a wd external hdd 7 years ago and it gets loud when i move/tranfer files ( still works ) . 
  i 've noticed that the ones are n't that loud as before . 
  my brother had a pc from 2007 and the hdd gets very loud and it 's just one . 
  while on my new built pc , the hdd is quiet . 
  depends . 
  if it 's old , they can be . 
  maybe on certain models ? 
  my external wd hdd is still alive and i bought it 7 years ago . 
  seems ok . 
  yeah , i still do n't understand the mode where you have to fast click some bubbles or some shit . 
  well it 's better than paying then at least . 
  he is scottish probably, 
  battlefield 4 is nice, 
  8 years for me . 
  may it rest in pieces . 
  low settings vs high settings / s, 
  i think you should have censored these usernames for rule 4 ... 
  how much is the input latency ? 
  / r/imgoingtohellforthis, 
  yeah this pic is probably old that the guy who wrote this might have grown up and is cringing as fuck by finding this image on / r/gaming, 
  that seems good . 
  i once tried something like that on my android but it was unplayable , probably my connection . 
  it 's always like this . 
  i play bf4 trust me . 
  ya right, 
  listen to my story , this may be our last chance . 
  before cocaine vs after, 
  that 's exactly what an alien would say . 
  you 've been discovered . 
  no , dervisi looks like bosniak or albanian , but i 'm not sure . 
  merry grinch and happy new unluck !, 
  it 's actually in all kitchen products where the image presents food used with the product . 
  it sometimes say `` the image only presents suggestive use of the use of the product '' ( not exactly how it 's written , but something like that ) . 
  that smug face . 
  they make the best coffee machines !, 
  thanks for that awkward mental imagination . 
  and having the psu already opened . 
   but damnnnnn, 
  i heard somewhere that it 's fake or done temporarly , but i 'm not sure . 
  here 's the [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wh1ttlq5-qk ), 
  yeah , sometimes the console architectures can be tricky . 
  ps3 has 256 mb of ram , 256 of gddr3 video memory and 3.2 ghz processor and it could run a lot of games at good graphics . 
  you must have clicked on an advertisement and/or mistakenly downloaded the program from the advertisement . 
  did you have and adblock ? 
  what 's aleppo ? 
  spud from trainspotting ? 
  impressive . 
  i installed ubuntu 16.10 64-bit and the drivers from [ here ] ( https://support.amd.com/en-us/kb-articles/pages/amd-radeon-gpu-pro-linux-beta-driver%e2%80%93release-notes.aspx ) . 
  * you 're just one step of receiving a free ipad !, 
  now enter your credit card number to verify that you 're a humen !, 
  you can play games only at 1060p with this computer . 
  was n't that already posted before ? 
  `` sir , we are here to cut your electricity ... 
  i mean , nevermind ! '', 
  the kek knows . 
  this totally looks like some mexican drug cartels execution . 
  they look very similar ... 
  my boss is gon na fire me now . 
  nothing at all ... 
  hotline miami . 
  had one of those tesla coil lamps . 
  greatest thing i ever had . 
  if you put light bulb near it , it lights ... 
  my computer will install this game for 48 hours because of my shitty internet ... 
  yeah it 's more in southeastern europe . 
  * sigh * unzips, 
  what the fuck i 'm even looking at ? 
  i 'm grateful for being grateful while being grateful so i can be grateful while i 'm being grateful . 
  i actually can play fps games on controllers . 
  it can be pretty difficult at first but you get used to it and play very good . 
  now that i switched to pc , i find myself a bit difficult to aim with mouse ... 
  when you get captured by the fisherman , but you remember your vietnam war memories .
