  jumping from the roof or hanging . 
  the ability to jizz worms while sex, 
  by eating a very hot chocolate cream cake . 
  my tongue still hurts sometimes and it happened 12 years ago . 
  1998 and 1999 because there was war in my country . 
  browsing my grandfather 's room and found some money from 1900 era . 
  i 'm from europe so it 's legal to drink alcoholics by 18, 
  faking my father 's signature in my school because i forgot a book . 
  that happened 6 years ago . 
  but got caught then . 
  pen for smartphone . 
  used it only once . 
  we started to buy less things in stores . 
  play videogames , watch movies and exercise . 
  also fap , but very less . 
  talk to a crush that she looked at me all the time . 
  i may be an introvert , but i 'm just not interested going out , talking , etc. 
  once a week . 
  sometimes also every 3 days . 
  fat people which you ca n't understand what they say because of their fatty mouth or lack of teeths . 
  a used graphic card or ssd hard disk . 
  krokodil . 
  aliens, 
  that 's really a nice photograph . 
  upload it to flickr and put it in some gore groups . 
  you will hardly find anyone having a ps4 in serbia . 
  i think everyone has ps3 i think . 
  you are not eligible for this survey . 
  site says page not found after registering, 
  edit : had to confirm in email , works now . 
  nice town of breekigrad !, 
  got key on first try . 
  thanks . 
  robocraft and warthunder . 
  these are my favorite games . 
  if i had a good pc , i would play warframe , dota 2 , etc. 
  it feels like being in 2005 when visiting this site, 
  mondo ? 
  lsd , the neverhood , little big planet 1 & 2 & 3 , bloodrayne 2 , the magic circle , how do you do it ? , fotonica , and many others ... 
  this [ list ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/curator/7099409-weird-games-for-your-pleasure/?appid=327890 ) may help you . 
  `` we will publish the game in 2016 , sorry i mean 2017 . 
  oh wait wrong year , i mean in 2018 somewhere in december '', 
  damn i missed it, 
  assault on panama !, 
  yeah something like from final fantasy cgi, 
  expired . 
  it says now `` this reward has ended '' . 
  yeah it says `` banned '' next to your username . 
  probably, 
  xii, 
  ebsoluteli dizgasting . 
  everything, 
  [ deleted ], 
  1 v 1 cs 1.6 battle !, 
   not cutting yourself hair at home, 
  fuck up the rail gun ? 
  enjoy flyers to rape you while you try to defeat them . 
  my parents are convinced that leaving your purse on the ground will make you lose your money . 
  they are also convinced that singing with your mouth will cause someone in this house die . 
  they are serious about this , if i try to argue with them for that , they get so mad like you did something worse not kidding . 
  this . 
  my dad once logged in my gmail account and started deleting like 5 pages of emails . 
  good thing that the majority of these email were advertisements , spam and registration confirms . 
  he said that having lots of mails will cause my computer to slow down . 
  my parents think that eating a bunch of plants will make you cure cancer . 
  when i was 3 years old , i liked to draw swastika in my drawing book . 
  i did n't knew that in that time that it was used by nazis . 
  final fantasy victory theme, 
  serbia - oh you 're from siberia , is it cold there ? 
  not in a movie , but in a video game . 
  final fantasy x ending . 
  i 'm interested . 
  farting at the same time while some other guy farts in a public bathroom . 
  he then said `` bro-fart ! '', 
  to zanarkand from final fantasy x, 
  i was n't scammed , but my father was . 
  my father was searching on google where to buy cheapest viagra . 
  he found a site where they sell them , then he bought some for 90 euros . 
  and the order never arrived . 
  i tried to speak with assistant ( because my father does n't know english , so i talked instead ) , but he just said `` sorry sir , we do n't speak italian '' in indian accent and then immediately hung off the phone . 
  we simply just asked him if he speaks italian , the assistand did not ask any other questions , we tried to contact him again , but he says the same thing and then hangs off again ... 
  fuck that . 
  popular serbian beer . 
  i want to revenge on someone badly for making fun of me . 
  i have those sound-dream too . 
  i usually hear my tv making noises , but actually the tv is not powered . 
  my voice . 
  i hated my voice so much that i stayed quiet a lot or talked silently in my class . 
  i 'm now 18 and i still hate it . 
  when i was like 2-3 years old , i thought that the whole planet is one nation united . 
  i completed the game 3 times , including some side quests . 
  i 'm still playing it and trying to complete it by 4th time . 
  smell of newly bought couch . 
  also the smell of cooked meat . 
  zeus from god of war 3 . 
  after 5000 retries , i still have n't beaten him . 
  umm okay , i listen to death metal , grindcore , throat singing , videogame soundtracks , medieval ... 
  howtobasic . 
  it 's one of the most helpful channels of youtube . 
  he does everything with care and will explain correctly and good .
