  `` okay , we 're gon na review galaxy s6 , now let 's test the front camera ... '', 
  that 's so nasty it looks like it came from things called flood from halo ... 
  if you have insurgency on steam , there 's a mod called socom : source . 
  it 's very good and has maps and sounds from socom . 
  usa only ? 
  me too , like from january 2014 :p, 
  got the key . 
  thanks !, 
  what 's wtf here ? 
  `` you must construct additional pylons ! '', 
  imagine his parents what have thought of him after they have seen the video ... 
  thy art is murder . 
  fireworks and shit ', 
  dead skin from my lip . 
  fatpeoplehate i think, 
  while passing a country where my country fought against for , some group of people from my country sang some patriotic songs from my country . 
  `` hi , do you like rusty spoons ? '', 
  it made it better . 
  thanks to / r/beermoney and / r/freegamefindings . 
  reddit is fun , imgur , flipboard and clover . 
  basically a very cheap version of oculus rift , it makes your smartphone a display instead . 
  pizza . 
  because it 's too addictive . 
  yes . 
  if you go to turkey , like every male person has a mustache i think . 
  a rock . 
  it 's older than the pyramids from egypt probably, 
  a shitty self-made google cardboard . 
  probably when an actor finds himself in a porn which ruins his privacy and tells to an admin to take it down . 
  umm ... let 's see , a pen , a pencil , an exercise book , an eraser , 4th dimension-progressive scanner goggles , anti-radiation glasses , bio-tech anti-infection metallic suit , robotized mechanic expandable arm , a.i controlled robotic german shepherd and a raspberry pi 10.1 smartphone with 1 terapixel camera . 
  were they blacks from africa ? 
  i remember seeing something similar with black people on the internet ... 
  the trollface thing . 
  it started as funny meme , but now it became annoying used only by 10 year olds . 
  also minions . 
  by changing my country 's all politicians and to remove all the corruption . 
  a guy who is obsessed with old women . 
  every time we go walk outside , he always says like `` man look at that granny 's butt , damn ! '', 
  lots of people in the cities of china have never seen the sun because of the terrible smog . 
  i do n't know if that 's real but i heard it somewhere ... 
  god of war 3 final boss . 
  did n't even beat him to this day ... 
  the baba roga/yaga . 
  basically it 's some old lady witch who kidnaps children . 
  / r/europe, 
  all slavic countries including russia . 
  years ago , if you type `` images '' in google image search , you would see like everything , like nude people , gore images , random things , non-nsfw stuff , etc. . . do n't know if still works tho . 
  life is war , so yes . 
  i 'm just not interested yet . 
  random shit on / r/4chan, 
  imagus , so you do n't have to click every image , instead hover mouse to it . 
  be fearless . 
  fart as much as you can . 
  final fantasy vii disc 1, 
  vodka . 
  technology are n't ruining our lives , but the people who are exaggerated with it . 
  call of duty games . 
  mostly in school , but also in neighborhoods . 
  you go to heaven or hell , or become a ghost maybe . 
  this, 
  tell her gently to stop doing that . 
  if she refuses , i 'd break up if i was you . 
  crysis 1, 
  this is like a presentation of a team fortress 2 character video . 
  i thought i was the only one thinking about that, 
  it 's like some characters from the walking dead season 2 videogame ... 
  somehow , 5 cm of dead skin from under my foot detached while playing soccer . 
  it hurted like hell when in contact with water ... 
  nobody knows about reddit in my area :(, 
  that inside our body , there is a skeleton , spooky skeleton . 
  minions, 
  insurgency . 
  i play it like everyday . 
  it 's hard for everyone at beginning , but if you play it more , you will get better and better . 
  that 's how it worked for me . 
  you also need fast reflexes because as soon as an enemy sees you , you die quickly . 
  on the security side : ump45 , m16a4 , m4a1, 
  on the insurgents side : ak-74 , sks , aks . 
  [ this post ] ( https://m.reddit.com/r/insurgency/comments/2eslia/favourite_and_least_favourite_guns/ ) might interest you . 
  rush b, 
  a voodoo 5 graphics card . 
  i was always interested in computer parts , even as kid . 
  the gypsy market under my city 's bridge . 
  got something stolen in your house by burglars ? 
  there 's a chance that you 'll find it there !, 
  it happened to me . 
  by posting quality content that people would like , excluding the reposts . 
  i farted . 
  wryyy, 
  `` never should have come here ! '', 
  power rangers theme, 
  patteriku-san , let 's get to squidowardu 's apartment !, 
  when i was working on a lathe , one little piece of little metal got in my eye socket , and it could cut my eye because they 're very sharp . 
  i already had all the protection during that . 
  i can hear deus ex music while looking at this image ... 
  is his name lucius ? 
  this is like a scene from ground zeroes, 
  `` rajesh , why the water became suddenly warm behind me ? '', 
  crysis 2 campaign is like that, 
  that 's some brutal doom shit ...
