  tried it . 
  i 'm going to buy a rx480 anyway . 
  i do like waking up the earliest morning and go outside . 
  it 's a nice sensation . 
  does n't sound as a bad name imo . 
  well , lots people have been telling that i look like messi , and some of them jokingly asked questions about football ... 
  install gentoo . 
  depends . 
  if the colonizer treats the colonized country as a slave , the nope . 
  if it treats it in a normal way by helping its economy , then maybe ... 
  a ps2 for pro evolution soccer 6 . 
  well , not on this computer , because i 'm going to buy a new one  . 
  not ubuntu . 
  gentoo . 
  might be something with your audio drivers . 
  try to reinstall them . 
  thanks . 
  that 's something someone would say in oblivion . 
  how can you try and repost the top comment in an attempt to get karma when the thread only has 16 comments ( so far ) ? 
  tales of pirates . 
  you may not know that game , but it was a f2p mmorpg game that was i played in 2005 . 
  it was like wow , just more anime-ish . 
  used to play to it a lot everyday 2 hours a day because my brother 's laptop overheated too much . 
  i wished i could play more . 
  i had a dvd of it and i used to watch it like 3 times a day on my laptop . 
  my grandfather 's ww1 serbian or austro hungarian knife . 
  also a 1890 serbian coin . 
  for 60 fps 4k . 
  i remember when i touched the water for the first time . 
  water if you are brave enough . 
  especially in videogames . 
  why should it be . 
  it 's just something you just watch . 
  not a nuclear weapon of mass destruction of thousand light years . 
  chasm : the rift . 
  it 's an old videogame , but so obscure that you ca n't even emulate it right in dosbox , because it 's required to patch it , but you ca n't , because there are no downloads for it . 
  there were once , but the file hosters deleted it . 
  because they ca n't be better than him . 
  there was no facebook . 
  instead , you got a paper and pen and write people 's numbers . 
  that nun was hot tho . 
  the story is somewhat stupid but that 's just my opinion . 
  also village of the damned . 
  google glasses . 
  from which country you were originally ? 
  to work at mcdonald 's . 
  that was an awesome game ... 
  yes it is , unfortunately . 
  but only the very popular subs . 
  nope , italy . 
  i nearly fell at church . 
  from my experience , they never did . 
  not me , but my father . 
  town hospital doctors thought he had a heart problem , so they gave him pills for that . 
  2 weeks later , he felt bad and so we went urgently to hospital , turns out he had 3 + liters water in the lungs . 
  city hospital doctors said that he took the wrong pills , so they gave him the right ones . 
  not much where i live . 
  obesity is somewhat rare in my city . 
  nearly everyone jogs or does some kind of activity ... 
  peterland . 
  openoffice and 7zip . 
  every thread in / pol / . 
  entire quake ii story on ps1 . 
  * `` because i 'm not an inferior creature who needs to answer to the filth . 
  you will never know the sharpness of my katana sword and the greatness of my fedora hat . 
  now out of my way normie . 
  `` you like that , you fucking retard ? '', 
  a 1000 $ gaming pc . 
  i work , but as an apprentice i only earn 450 $ every month . 
  unreal tournament games and postal 2 . 
  * looks at the prosthetic robotic arm, 
  `` as you can notice , you were in coma for 16 years . 
  the world has changed a bit much , when i say a bit much , i mean that the dead started to walk and it 's a big threat for us apparently . 
  we are waiting you outside and do n't forget to pick up the shotgun in the corner . '', 
  beating mgs 4 . 
  it 's like i watched a perfect movie . 
  i was eating some sugar flavoured pancakes and then a grain of sugar broke my tooth and the grain of sugar went to my tooth cavity . 
  will never forget that . 
  with a 200 $ csgo rare knife . 
  seduce * blueshibe * ? 
  -  [ yes ] [ no ], 
  anal in general . 
  with leather jacket ... 
  r.i.p sleep . 
  war . 
  * terminator theme plays, 
  every frontier in europe . 
  i travel a lot , trust me . 
  tumblr users . 
  port cs : go on source 2.0 like dota 2 did . 
  to get a girlfriend . 
  guy with a cat mask scaring his all 6 cats . 
  rage comics . 
  being a cnc machinist . 
  i work because it has to be done , not because i 'm highly interested in the machines just like my some people thought . 
  seeing american election threads while being european . 
  i do n't know . 
  koji level mi treba za ovaj item ? 
  ftfy, 
  anecdote .
