  short answers, 
  send mobsters, 
  go on . 
  continue . 
  what happened then ? 
  i falsificated my fathers ' signature . 
  got caught . 
  katamari damacy . 
  it 's very fun , does n't include violence and no rage . 
  not eating the cum , but spitting it instead . 
  katamari damacy theme and final fantasy prelude . 
  a vagina exam video, 
  work, 
  / r/minecraft, 
  no , i stopped browsing that subreddit , because i lost interest in minecraft . 
  for farting in class . 
  after 6 years , my ex-classmates still think that i farted . 
  every time you become bored and have nothing to do , your brain shrinks by 0.1 mm ( most say 0.2 mm and higher ) . 
  scientists think that your brain thinks you are worthless , so instead of keeping the energy inside so it decides shrink a bit . 
  doctors say that drinking vitamine capsules , usually to solve that problem to some people . 
  a serbian hamburger ( pljeskavica called in serbian ) for 120 rsd ( 1.40 $ ) in serbia . 
  they are big enough and you can put lots of additions like ketchup , onion , mayonaisse , etc. 
  this . 
  women like this are not very healthy in the brain . 
  looking under my bed . 
  doing nothing, 
  as a non-english european , yup . 
  not a dictator , but a president . 
  slobodan milosevic , a serbian ex president of yugoslavia ( modern-day serbia ) . 
  he basically screwed everything and made things worse . 
  thank, 
  seeing lots of trash in the streets . 
  i wanted to make videogames . 
  but ended up being a metalmechanic . 
  in middle of the night especially . 
  i do n't know the name of the song , but it 's stuck on my head for weeks ... 
  some porn where a girl puts long needles in her nipple . 
  it was n't bad . 
  did that in my room . 
  i can remember when i was lost in the city and then the police picked me up . 
  i was 2 or 3 years old . 
  my mom says i did n't even cry . 
  that was 18 years ago . 
  all final fantasy games . 
  msg 2 : cakes of liberty, 
  1v1 agaisnt me bitch im gon na quickscope you in mount and blade warband i swear on my mom, 
  my ancestors are smiling at me , imperials . 
  can you say the same ? 
  russian roulette, 
  psychology . 
  ashley from resident evil 4 . 
  at least she was hot . 
  gta 5, 
  lidl ftw, 
  nothing !, 
  silent hill . 
  fml . 
  northern italy . 
  southern is also good , but havent visited it . 
  the whole balkan peninsula . 
  they said it . 
  ccleaner , 7zip , mozilla firefox and tor . 
  tokyo and some parts of china . 
  you monster, 
  a car . 
  i have a volkswagen polo 2003 which is 4th hand used . 
  it 's in perfectly good condition !, 
  i like all the countries . 
  the empire . 
  final fantasy floating wooden ships . 
  used to think to it 3 months ago daily . 
  now stopped because the worst has passed . 
  just cause 2 with timer hack , so you can play it longer outside the training zone . 
  this child is suffering from blablabla . 
  1 share = = 10 cures, 
  1 like = = 5 cures, 
  only people who have devil inside theire bodies will skip this message !, 
  spread and share !!, 
  bad idea to go there ... 
  canada or united states of america . 
  / r / spaced ____ you know already . 
  economy is not very good there . 
  i live there . 
  to play final fantasy vii remake . 
  how do you what ? 
  i 'll call my brother !, 
  90 % of vegetables . 
  so all their money turns into leaves and coins into bottle caps . 
  in the end it does n't even matter i tried so hard ... 
  what a thrill ... 
  i 'm searching and i 'll melt into you, 
  what a fear in my heart, 
  but you 're so supreme !, 
  `` you will fell better and make good friends at school '', 
  nyu nyu nyu nyu nyu, 
  a cat . 
  my science professor . 
  she hot . 
  birds , dogs barking , cars moving , radio playing songs and people talking . 
  i had a extremely deaf old boss who would complain about every single thing .
