could you message me the ip of the server, 
  building a 100 % dirt house without torches inside ... 
  that 's what my professor said in my engineering school at my first day ... 
  why the hell did he had put the hand near the spinning ? 
  here in italy , in my local chinese store , released the decorations for christmas in late september ... 
   implying someone actually visites this subreddit ... 
  please finish this so we can see it complete , 
  maybe because for xd smylie :p, 
  i live near these these dolomites :p, 
  yes , it 's good , i heard it 's pretty hard ... 
  the graphics are very old , but this can be resolved by a [ mod ] ( http://thenexusnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/morrowind-overhaul-3.0-2.jpg ) . 
  [ why not both ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oawrlvoqqss ), 
  it 's all ogre now ... 
  at first i thought this was sausage , but then i realize , it 's somenthing eww ... 
  `` tis ' but a scratch ! '', 
  your username is relevant too ... 
  looks like art . 
  chroma hills 128x, 
  well , those are shaders ... 
  i received it . 
  i remember in 4chan , in / b / , some guy live streamed from his phone , and he hacked a camera from pizza hut , and he found out that the worker was jerking , and he still serves the customers without washing his hands ... 
  metal gear solid 3 , 4 and left 4 dead 2, 
  shrek is love , shrek is life, 
  just download a snes or gameboy advance emulator and final fantasy vi rom and you will save performance a bit , the graphical differences is just the textures that are a bit pixelated ... 
  o rly ? 
  what about the croats that have killed a lot of serbs in the past ? 
  [ maybe because ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casu_marzu ), 
  in italy they use this this knight helmet shaped as a logo for security for supermarket stores ... 
  [ found something here ... ] ( http://community.ebay.com/t5/booksellers/odd-little-bone-bark-book-do-you-know-this-language/td-p/2703567 ), 
  what 's wrong here ? 
  edit : is she carrying beer ? 
  not sure , but , it might be a tool for lathe, 
  you have slow internet connection , it loaded less than a second for me ... 
  thanks  , i will try them all ... 
  gr8 b8 m8 r8 it 8/8 pls no h8 . 
  final fantasy vii with final fantasy xiii engine . 
  `` stunt jump failed '', 
  that 's cool . 
  what resource pack is that ? 
  skyrim with dlcs . 
  why ? 
  fake 100 % . 
  i downloaded it and installed it last month . 
  when you run it , it asks you to download a plug-in , but the download of that plug-in is a survey . 
  this looks awesome . 
  imagine surgeon simulator with this . 
  it reminds me of midgar from final fantasy vii ... 
  / r/wtf, 
  tastes like crab , talks like people . 
  he needs more men in his asshole . 
  damn i missed it too ... 
  it 's made with photoshop oil filter . 
  also i forgot to say that the oil paint is applied with adobe photoshop cc . 
  i do n't get it . 
  what should this mean ? 
  if you really think that this picture is not created by me , try to search with reverse image search . 
  i did this and it was not scary for me . 
  once the dentist injects you an anesthetic , you will feel nothing , just uncomfortable machines vibrating in your tooth . 
  do not be afraid, 
  maester seymour from final fantasy x. 
  final fantasy x , final fantasy vii , persona 4 , skyrim , metal gear solid 3 , kingdom hearts 2 and god of war 3 . 
  i have that problem too . 
  they always land on my lcd tv . 
  the dirt caused by them is difficult to clean . 
  dem flies . 
  aww so cute, 
  well i 've seen one bigger . 
  4 years ago , there was a girl that looked at me all the time , i avoided to look at her , i still dunno why . 
  they probably buy the cheapest game on steam . 
  i like to use the web version of the steam store because the client version is kinda slow and buggy for me . 
  i get these too . 
  they are not dangerous but annoying to touch . 
  also it hurts when trying to pop them . 
  they disappear after 2 days . 
  upvoting for the third one , it 's so fantastic . 
  can you show us a tutorial how you built it ? 
  finally . 
  it will also be cheaper . 
  i want a download for this white beautiful building !, 
  i thought those were bees, 
  i 've seen this ad a lot of times . 
  so it 's something like a british version of postloop ? 
  most of my friends say that i lie :(, 
  you can find these bubble gums around the balkans . 
  i 've seen one in a store in serbia . 
  it 's a city in italy , dunno why op said it . 
  i 'm shy as fuck and i 'm 17 . 
  to zanarkand - final fantasy x soundtrack . 
  big rigs over the road racing was actually a good game . 
  `` did you know that 1 grams are 1000 grams ? '', 
  i heard this one in public while going home from school, 
  seeing my cat opening the door himself . 
  microsoft 's logo is pretty cool, 
  all hail talos !, 
  thieves smashed my car 's window and they stole my dash camera with 8gb of sd card . 
  also they attempted to steal my radio , but they could n't because it was locked and you had to press 4 buttons to toggle the radio . 
  thieves smashed my car 's window and they stole my dash camera with 8gb of sd card . 
  also they attempted to steal my radio , but they could n't because it was locked and you had to press 4 buttons to toggle the radio . 
  i 'm not sure if it was a dream or real , but it could be also an hallucination .
