  now you can emulate them . 
  you should probably go to the doctor if your face is yellow like this ... ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  yes . 
  there are many windows 98 pcs that are used in some offices actually . 
  my previous workplace had like 10 of them . 
  what if those windows behind your monitors are actually monitors and not acutally windows ? 
  woah , just look at her hair !, 
  that 's fucking paz from metal gear solid 5, 
  that 's a cool costume . 
  but why the razor tho . 
  witcher 1 has performance problems too . 
  not op but what if it 's painless ? 
  i got a similar situation, 
  yo i heard you like news, 
  i had that fucking same laptop !, 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pa8op3ofcrc, 
  i installed ubuntu to my pc and installed amdgpu-pro drivers , but the thing is that the fans are always spinning no matter what i 'm doing , always . 
  is there some program which can make the fans function like in windows 10 to start spinning at 52c ( 125.6 f ) ? 
  thanks . 
  i 'm also new to ubuntu , so go easy  . 
  * cpu : intel core i3-6100 3.7 ghz, 
  * hdd : 1tb, 
  * os : ubuntu 16.04 / windows 10 dual-boot, 
  thanks to the [archive.org ] ( https://archive.org/web/ ) , i could find the very first posts of pcmr !, 
  anyway , the capture is from 10 november 2011 . 
  very quickly maybe ? 
  how do you mail a usb ? 
  yea, 
  how long did it last ? 
  mine lasted only a year then it began to turn it self off and making blue screens of death . 
  i installed ubuntu to my pc and installed amdgpu-pro drivers , but the thing is that the fans are always spinning no matter what i 'm doing , always . 
  is there some program which can make the fans function like in windows 10 to start spinning at 52c ( 125.6 f ) ? 
  thanks . 
  i 'm also new to ubuntu , so go easy  . 
  * cpu : intel core i3-6100 3.7 ghz, 
  * hdd : 1tb, 
  * os : ubuntu 16.04 / windows 10 dual-boot, 
  uhh nope , this is probably from a guy who made the capture , which probably captured also his favorite shortcutted subs . 
  i do n't visit these . 
  we get it , you use debian . 
  with me it was like that . 
  when i bought a house , inside the garage there were 2 kittens with a mother which was getting angry when you get near , then when they grew up , we decided to keep them . 
  however , later one got lost while another is still here since 10 years . 
  charge your phone, 
  ! game battlefield 1, 
  yesterday, 
  it 's good . 
  you can play the new games on medium in 1080p and some on high . 
  good for starters like me . 
  and than youtube ... 
   dokle, 
  i mean the captured page is from 10 november 2011 but i took the screenshot yesterday, 
  yes, 
  `` teehee i 'm going to gently remove your little gun , here you go , now i 'm aiming you now hehehee '' . 
  great . 
  now remove all of these stock keys and put the lighting rgb ones . 
  yes . 
  i bought bf4 5 days ago and i do n't have any regrets . 
  you might find some servers that might be hard to play , but unlocking more and more weapons will make your gameplay better . 
  weird . 
  it has the battlefield 4 category and stats . 
  he 'll gon na get liver problems if he continues like that i think . 
  it 's not shinra :(, 
  yea , battlefield 4 has a lot of blur but awesome to play with and can be reduced . 
  it 's like someone shot it from an old 2011 year smartphone . 
  it 's even vertical . 
  neki dobar program za gledanje tv kanala na komp ? 
  you see those cameras bro ? 
  and great way to have a heart attack . 
   dae le god is a myth xd xd xd, 
  that 's some straight from gta tree ... 
  what if someone brags about his internet calculated iq ? 
  i have 6 cats , it all started when we found 2 kittens inside our garage which the one was male and the other one female . 
  two years later , the female one got pregnant and made kittens which were like 6 . 
  and so we decided to keep them and also spayed them . 
  they 're all adult now . 
  every update usually makes my fps 5 % lower for me, 
  i have noticed before that nobody was logged on , i thought that you could add shortcuts even without being logged on before . 
  you 're right . 
  i like how his face is like he did read this, 
  usually the agent connects to me after 3 minutes and had no problem . 
  try to connect to them on the working hours like at 16:00 or in the morning for a better chance to connect to them . 
  relive wo n't stream to twitch . 
  i connected my account , but every time i start streaming it still says offline in my broadcast . 
  with all games ? 
  try changing the encoder ( not sure if it 's called like that but you 'll see ) to hevc . 
  have n't tried myself , but should be better than on avc, 
  nice , set up the two factor connection to make account more secure to not get hacked again . 
  on which game ? 
  for me it records fine all games excluding battlefield 4 for some reason . 
  had some albanian coworkers , nice people tbh . 
  when live streaming with relive , the stream gets choppy and artifacty . 
  i have tried the lowest settings too , but same results . 
  game i have tried is assassin 's creed 3 . 
  same with dosbox games too . 
  i have an adsl connection ( speedtest results are 12mb download and 0.90 in upload ) so it might even be my connection too . 
  * cpu : intel core i3 6100 3.7 ghz, 
  * os : windows 10 pro 64-bit, 
  have you tried to uninstall the one you already have and install this [ one ] ( https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/3133719 ) ? 
  this one is kb3133719 while yours is different and could be that is older i think .
