  maggots might be put there by the doctors to eat dead flesh . 
  it 's called maggot therapy i think . 
  barbarians . 
  so much people but cops ai n't any . 
  i 'll call it no man 's space . 
  it 's a joke . 
  on phone even . 
  it 's like some creepy monster from the creepypastas ... 
  yo dawg i hear you like larvae , so we put a larvae inside a larvae , so you can larvae while you larvae . 
  i want these bright blue lights, 
  yes actually . 
  it 's not a type of raffle that we accept here . 
  it says more in rule # 2 . 
  yeah , cyborgs are expensive anyway ... 
  i still think that people born in 2000 are 4 year olds ... 
  when i turn on my pc from sleep mode ( not affecting hibernating mode ) a silver film grain effect at beginning is produced for 1 second and then it goes normal . 
  the problem was there also before the relive update . 
  i tried to re-install the driver with clean install option from the relive update installer , but the problem is still here . 
  i do n't know if that 's normal , but i do n't want to risk by ignoring it , i just worry that the problem will get worse and worse . 
  i bought this gpu and the other parts 2 months ago , so it 's not very old . 
  here 's the video . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h55lg5x-v9u&amp;feature=youtu.be . 
  also the specifications . 
  * cpu : intel core i5-6100 3.7 ghz, 
  * hdd : toshiba 1tb + wester digital external hdd 1tb, 
  * os : windows 10 pro 64-bit updated to the latest version . 
  try to cycle display mode in your monitor settings until you get the image . 
  it might be that the audio jack you use to connect to pc is not good and it 's broken . 
  or maybe you have to correctly configure your realtek settings . 
  did you try to connect your pc to other monitor ? 
  i had a similar problem too where my gpu could n't be compatible with my monitor where it would display black screen . 
  for the 100 % disk usage it might be that the bios needs the update , but i 'm not sure about that , i just heard it somewhere because my father 's pc has that problem too . 
  it could also be that the hard drive is dying , or could be the temperatures . 
  try checking temperatures with msi afterburner or with some other program . 
  ah , that 's nice then . 
  good thing that the gpu is n't faulty . 
  good luck , just be very careful , because once you put an incorrect bios update file , the motherboard will be broken , so double check the file that you 're gon na update bios with . 
  maybe the sound card inside your laptop might be broken or the driver might be messed up . 
  try to download and install the sound driver . 
  did you try to check the temperatures of your gpu r9 290 ? 
  i had the exactly same problem like yours and i found out that the problem was that the gpu was overheating up to 90c . 
  could be gpu overheating . 
  install msi afterburner with rivatuner statistics thing which will ask you in the installer ( for the extra option that you 'll need it later ) . 
  then go to msi afterburner settings and in monitoring section section check `` gpu temperature '' and `` show in on-screen display '' and the hotkey to activate , so you can see the temperature while playing games . 
  now watch the gpu temperature how much will rise and when the framerate will start to drop . 
  try disabling the windows search by opening cmd with administrator and typing `` net.exe stop `` windows search '' and see if it will make a difference to the disk usage . 
  if that does n't work , as i said to another guy in this sub that had the same problem , maybe your bios needs to be updated for that . 
  try cycling windows button + p until you get the image . 
  was your pc in power saving mode before maybe ? 
  maybe your pc or other device of your family connected to your network is doing something connection demanding such as downloading , uploading an image/video , talking on viber , whatsapp or skype , updating android apps from play store , downloading a steam game , etc. 
  or maybe a virus . 
  try running a scan with malwarebytes anti-malware . 
  it 's possible with netlimiter by installing it on each computer connected to your network and remotely connect them , but i wo n't recommend that because it 's a mess and the program is not free . 
  maybe try checking it by opening task manager on each windows computer connected on you network and by clicking network to see the descening order usage . 
  how does it shut off ? 
  by displaying the `` turning off the computer '' or by shutting down forcibly ? 
  i think that the program glasswire has this feature but it requires to be paid in order to use network usage option . 
  i will try it and i 'll let you know . 
  edit : nope . 
  what 's your laptop model and brand ? 
  95c seems very high imo . 
  consider increasing fan speed in msi afterburner to make the temps low maybe, 
  the eyes of regret, 
  i put my pc on hibernating mode . 
  true . 
  i cringe every time i see people put headphones on monitors like this . 
  why is sennheiser not good ? 
  ah ok , i thought you were talking about the sound quality, 
  i was always using paysafe on steam too when i was a broke student , but then i switched to mastercard to buy games . 
  true . 
  i torrented a lot when i was still going to school , but the when i got a job , i started to buy games . 
  also , about the viruses , only a fool will get infected because of not looking at the torrent comments , reputation , etc. 
  not sure why downvoted are you , but you are right . 
  yeah , same applies for old very old game roms like snes , sega , etc. 
  i see , you 're playing phantom pain while browsing facebook . 
  nice cat btw, 
  at least we were brave to do something 20 years ago and yet cnn keeps bitchin about it, 
  make america a colony again !, 
  for me any streaming software makes ping spikes . 
  theredduh, 
  i thought that the chocolate milk cover was saying prostate farms for a second ... 
  it looks beautiful imo . 
  doom lan party . 
  my cat has exactly the same colors as yours , 
  rest in pieces, 
  / r/mildlyinterestingbutalsoinfuriating . 
  well , at least it does n't destroy cities and respawn every 10 years . 
  i have 6 cats of various colors , grey , siameses and tabby but before , i also had a black cat which was a bit different than my other cats . 
  he knew how to open a door , he did n't like to be cuddled too much but he was gentle and intelligent . 
  on some devices the playback gets out of sync and sometimes freeze . 
  [ is that the microsoft wireless keyboard & mouse ? 
  it looks similar to mine ] ( https://i.imgur.com/xfi7jdf.jpg ), 
  *** computer insane untouchable speed ***, 
  youtube on smart tvs have keyboard like that and it 's annoying . 
  might be that your system specs are weak . 
  what are your system specifications ? 
  did you always had that problem or it started like this recently ? 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  or just connect with smartphone and put video in queue , like i do . 
  because i do n't like them .
