  if your framerate keeps dropping after 5-10 minutes , your laptop might be overheating . 
  try installing speedfan or other temperature monitoring software and check if the temperatures are high . 
  not chinese , but try uninstalling the program with revo uninstaller which it will uninstall the program completely including also the registry and the left-overs left by the normal uninstaller . 
  after uninstalling it , i recommend you to run a scan with malwarebytes antimalware because the program you deleted mght have infected your pc . 
  maybe some program is taking too much space by making a lot of cache ? 
  what games and programs are installed in your pc ? 
  i also play online with my brother on the same internet , but we do n't get any problem . 
  try checking if your modem has some kind of limiter or balancer that limits bandwith to users and also try turning off the options `` qos '' if you have it in your modem setting by typing in your browser `` 192.168.1.1 '' . 
  try checking that your gpu is overheating by installing speedfan or some other temperature monitoring software . 
  also it might be that your gpu is broken or dying . 
  have you checked the temperatures of your gpu ? 
  it might be that your gpu is overheating or it might be experiencing a driver problem . 
  have you tried updating your gpu drivers ? 
  these programs seem ok . as others say , try checking your space with windirstat . 
  it helps alot . 
  here come dat boi !!!!!!, 
  and make fake reactions while laughing on webcam . 
  that 's mandatory . 
  / r/ooer, 
  because having a 78 year old boss to yell at you for no fucking reason . 
  good thing it was not a real work , but a work simulation organized by my school . 
  shrek 2, 
  handling the adulthood . 
  why you really could n't talk about tv shows ? 
  were they inappropriate for children or something ? 
  to talk with strangers . 
  i took that rule very seriously that i did n't even talk to my parents and brothers friends and cousins . 
  i was just looking them in their eyes while they force me to say something . 
  it was somewhat funny for me . 
  no it 's not ok, 
  i 've lost many pets both cats and dogs and dealing with their loss is n't easy . 
  you just have to know that nature is like that and works like that . 
  engineering and machining . 
  if you 're talking to someone you hate then yeah . 
  after watching the gameplay of it . 
  you build a rig that it does n't have to be beyond 1000 $ . 
  for 700 you can build a good pc that can run games on medium or high . 
  a pc can be highly customizable by changing the os to whichever you want and by changing gpu , while on consoles , you are forced to use its default customization unless you jailbreak it . 
  frozen hamburgers from a supermarket . 
  everyone from my school . 
  interesting . 
  i work on these . 
  try cleaning it with alcohol or with a kitchen soap that you use to clean plates . 
  if it does n't work , it might be some kind of chemical reaction happened to the plastic of your laptop , so it made it uncleanable . 
  my school in italy . 
  we do lunch at 11:35 too . 
  k,x,m2,p-yy ,5 q,b-p , w2 , ra, 
  ass of words : ki,t,pd-f , em,g0-90 , bw , i, 
  maybe he pressed the ctrl button ... a bit too hard ? 
  probably they forgot to cut that out in the editing software . 
  i heard that it is because of the lasik surgery , not sure if true . 
  * rush b dont stop *, 
  * `` never should have come here !, 
  * `` you like that , you fucking retard ? 
  elements : soul of fire : 4,my0,7-8 , pf,6t-0 , wy ,37, 
  reported, 
  #  shake to start, 
  the doom main menu red and the red on the wall are not the same color . 
  unplayable . 
  i know the pain . 
  some pc titles use tetronomic engine ram while some use turboboost archboost method . 
  yes they are next to each other and also want to keep files , backing up is no problem . 
  i have that program already . 
  if i delete the whole d partition and expand the c partition from the unallocated space , would it work ? 
  sausage party !, 
  / r/ooer, 
  install gpu drivers . 
  some drivers get deleted when resetting a os . 
  after that you should have more resolutions to select . 
  try windows key + p. 
  it might be that the thermal paste is not applied properly . 
  i had the same problem too , and i found out that thermal paste got all consumed . 
  the log says that the installer ca n't find a file called ` api-ms-win-crt-runtime '' . 
  try installing all the windows updates , and try installing again . 
  tried malwarebytes antimalware ? 
  try disabling hardware acceleration in settings  advanced . 
  you can try to boot ubuntu or other linux on live mode on a usb ( without installing ) , and try to move files . 
  my photos shot from camera . 
  maybe you have to open the file manager and check if the hard drives appear there . 
  did you correctly connect the cables on the graphic card inside your case ? 
  it could also be that the graphic card might not be ok at all . 
  try installing minitool partition wizard free , and check if the usb has these partitions such as ext4 , etc. 
  or you can download gparted and boot it and check . 
  run a malware scan with malwarebytes antimalware . 
  if it does n't find anything , then it also might be that the laptop is getting hot , or check the you have enough space on the hard drive . 
  since malwarebytes and other programs ca n't remove it , it 's better to reformat it . 
  try booting to ubuntu or some other linux distro , and try to recover these files . 
  as far as i know , ransomwares are most likely impossible to remove them , unless you pay them , or format the computer . 
  * meanwhile in the microphone chat * : idiot kurva noob kick him kick him !, 
  did you run a virus/malware scan on your computer ? 
  if yes , which software have you used ? 
  maybe some of your hardware is overheating , or you might have a virus . 
  check temperatures for your hardware using hwmonitor or with some temperature monitoring software and also consider running a malware/virus scan with malwarebytes . 
  what graphic card do you have ? 
  did you install the drivers correctly ? 
  i also have another computer that opens programs very slow , but it 's because the computer is old . 
  try right clicking to your sims2 shortcut and try some compatibility options , and try choosing windows xp , vista , etc and see which works . 
  if that does n't work , try to update your directx from the windows update , if there 's any . 
  i think that your hard drive is getting broken and that you ca n't use it anymore . 
  at the very bottom of the site , try searching for a button for something like `` desktop mode '' or `` full site '' .
