  to be a virgin forever or to never have a girlfriend . 
  not sure if it was a hallucination or a dream , but maybe both . 
  10 people with a fancy suits one by one entered my room and started clapping their hands at the same time . 
  there were men and women , and some children i think . 
  then i moved my eye and everyone suddently disappeared . 
  that dream happened i was acting in my school theatre . 
  i have civilization v installed on my computer since like 5 months . 
  i still do n't know how to play it . 
  i tried to play it , but i ca n't understand the point of the game . 
   furry elephants, 
  ftfy, 
  because i fucking want to fucking work in your fucking company and also because i fucking need money . 
  is this answer helpful ? 
  good fucking day sir . 
  `` tell us what did you like in this school . '', 
  this . 
  every time i watch videos recorded by me , i skip the part where i talk . 
  ctrl + alt + z to undo in photoshop . 
  i do n't like talking too much . 
  it 's not much hot , it 's a bit chilly . 
  i live in europe . 
  my uncle lives there, 
  metallica - frantic, 
  wear a hat, 
  english , italian and serbian . 
  call of duty series , counter-strike series and minecraft . 
  when i worked in a mechanic workshop , putting an expired calendar with a nude girl image on the wall was a completely normal thing , and still is . 
  many companies in my area do that . 
  people who are calm and do n't become cunts when talking . 
  people who talk a lot , by swearing too much . 
  as a gamer , i agree . 
  living in a beautiful mountain surrounded by trees with no people and other houses . 
  i just like nature . 
  i was yesterday in a forest , and i felt so relaxed . 
  it 's like having a massage to your brain . 
  `` hey why did you this instead of this ? '', 
  dad what are you doing here ? 
  `` introducing google smartaero ! '', 
  gym . 
  by taking a walk outside and or going to bar and drink one cup of whisky or champaine like in my country . 
  the smell when you enter the hospital , i get shivers , so i better keep the clean air inside my body just like when i swim !, 
  listen to video game soundtracks every day . 
  one winged angel . 
  go in a forest , sit on a rock and relax . 
  this helps for me . 
  i do n't like cities . 
  talk about politics . 
  we used that at work . 
  we also use caliper a lot while we work at lathe . 
  people who laugh like hyenas, 
  finishing school , finding a job and get a girlfriend . 
  the people invited . 
  i just do n't like 50 + people to watch me awkwardly kiss the girl . 
  it may be bad only for me , but it 's disgusting imo . 
  final fantasy x. 
  reason : emotions , lots of emotions . 
  yes , i turn off everything excluding my modem . 
  did he have a confederate flag in his house ? 
  a really good dslr nikon or canon camera . 
  unless it 's a pre-built . 
  my father does this all the time . 
  he absolutely hates typing . 
  sometimes i speak without moving my mouth . 
  people who are curious at everything . 
  i.e : `` oh my god , look at those mountains !, 
  does anybody live here ??? 
  who lives here ? 
  where are we going right now ? 
  how many kilometers have we travelled ? 
  what times is it ? 
  ( asking that every 10 minutes ) '' . 
  it just makes me put a duct tape on their mouth and put them back door of the car . 
  having my boss nervously talking to me like i did something wrong . 
  he is 75 and very deaf . 
  as someone who has been raided by burglars 5 + times , yes . 
  we lock everything like there is a zombie apocalypse goin on . 
  we once found our grass trimmer in the gypsy market , then we called the police , and we said that this grass trimmer is ours and we claimed it back . 
  force full communism , enable slavery , build nuclear reactors everywhere , force all the people to wear same clothes with saying `` i love my leader !, 
  '' , deposit all the trash of the earth in the ocean even if contains radiation , make any kind of food expensive , 3/4 of males must be forced to become soldiers while other males peasants , make all sports illegal , but allow only running or sprinting , make the english the official language with the cyrillic only alphabet and all males are obligated to have at least 15 inches of beard , if you shave , your throat will be tortured and force all the workers to sing communistic songs while they work every time when they are warned that the leader is coming . 
  despicable me fanboys , my little pony fanboys , any football or soccer team fanboys , apple fanboys ( does n't mean that google is better ) ,, 
  `` welcome back from coma sir , are you ok ? 
  we have to arrest you because you committed a murder that happened 15 years ago . '', 
  sorry my english is not my first language , also i 'm from italy . 
  i was mean to say rear hatch . 
  `` this site can be viewed with the following app , download uselessapp now . '', 
  continue in browser . 
  [ unassigned ] has added you . 
  accept | decline, 
  as an orthodox christian going to italian school where religion is basen on catholic christianity , i have the option to choose if i want to study religion or not . 
  `` okay guys i 'm going to play some global offensive today and im going to buy my favourite knife ski - put your hands down !, 
  where 's the bomb !?? 
  w-what bomb ? 
  * police walkie-talkie making sounds '', 
  anything that originates from 4chan . 
  mr. gore , please , we need you to calm down . 
  now , what exactly do you suggest we do ? 
  get inside if you want to live, 
  `` the sun looks hot very hot today ... '', 
  my father uses this talk starter . 
  it works .
