  the fish . 
  i heard that origin has an excellent support and valve replies very late . 
  evolve online players . 
  i heard it like thousand times while playing call of duty 4, 
  i have 5 cats and it 's not too much to difficult because they always go outside and enter when they are hungry . 
  the other stray cats , which are not our cats , sometimes are a problem because they want to fight sometimes for some reason with our cats , so we have to keep some of our cats inside our house . 
  well , not exactly stray but probably neighbor 's cats . 
  also / r/me _ irl . 
  it was once a good sub , but then delusional people and communists ruined the sub . 
  say bye and then shut down . 
  this also . 
  you can also say that you do n't know to talk english properly and they 'll immediately hang up . 
  scratching the leather couch . 
  suteki da ne ( instrumental version ), 
  only my family and some of my friends . 
  [ this one . 
  thanks !, 
  not scammed , but phished . 
  there was one guy or bot on steam who sent me a link to some csgo lounge site , then i tried to login to this site by signing in with steam account . 
  the page where i log on with steam was fake , but identical to the original one . 
  after that , i noticed that steam disconnected by itself on my pc , and then i had to contact steam support so i can reclaim my account by writing the serials of the games that i activated before . 
  15 days later , steam support replied and i finally got my account back , nothing was taken , all my cards were here thanks to some protection that makes cards unreadable . 
  tl ; dr : logged-in on a fake steam page , account got stolen , got it back thanks to steam support . 
  amy winehouse ? 
  * do you like that , you fucking retard ? 
  chimeras ( the ones from god of war 3 ) . 
  * `` i drink what i want . 
  why belarus ? 
  if you post a comment and someone upvotes you , you will get points for comments in your profile . 
  if you submit a post , and someone upvotes your post , you will get points for submitted posts . 
  i once had dream that i was on electric chair on prison . 
  on some sites it means permanent failure . 
  damn . 
  me too , lots of times i had dreams of buying new house or having suddenly extra rooms in my house . 
  c.3xr5-24 . viq-p8j6 . n ( remove the dots ), 
  remember when vines were actually funny short good videos ? 
  if howtobasic were an alchemist , he would do this stuff ... 
  i read that in his voice right now . 
  pentakill on global offensive . 
  american english teacher though that i was from siberia . 
  i 'm actually from serbia . 
  reddit is fun . 
  it 's not complicated , it does n't lag and it 's works great on older devices ( used it a lot on my lg optimus one ) . 
  i tried also other reddit apps , but i still find reddit is fun better . 
  app for vr porn with google cardboard . 
  miniclip . 
  80 % of my town has the same surname as me . 
  we are also related to some . 
  that was in 2000 . 
  getting a girlfriend . 
  touching the water for the first time . 
  yes , i tried that too . 
  yeah , but most video players on browser do n't have hardware acceleration i think, 
  banksy is a good artist . 
  homeless person eating from a trash bin . 
  gran turismo , because i have to hurry in the morning for work . 
  fruit flies . 
  they are very interested in food , and they will touch food first before you try it . 
  ( yes , again ), 
  saint 's row v beta ? 
  this is like watching a mgs parody on newgrounds ... 
  that link stays blue . 
  forever . 
  i 've been to many psychics , but there 's one woman in my country which nearly everyone believed in her . 
  she once guessed that one guy has a tumor , and after that the guy went to hospital to really see that he has a tumor , and he did . 
  i also remember once that she was also reported to police because she tried to curse someone . 
  she was also on tv . 
  you just get sick of it . 
  i played coc before until i got sick from it and then i uninstalled it . 
  that 's very brutal, 
  i 'm not in a good mood . 
  it looks like cyberpunk style ... 
  all of them . 
  because i did n't let him copy my test . 
  imagus , so you do n't have to open every image link , but just hover it . 
  * yeah just fucking leave me alone dude ... *, 
  usually , everytime i work , i feel like shit because of constant bad thoughts in my head , and it 's difficult to deal with it . 
  in a slavic mythology , there 's a myth about an old witch lady who kidnaps children if they go alone somewhere or get lost . 
  i think it 's called baba yaga , but the name is different depending which country . 
  [ harold !, 
  ] ( http://previews.123rf.com/images/nyul/nyul1010/nyul101000042/7899224-older-man-sitting-on-couch-giving-thumb-up-while-playing-computer-game-looking-at-camera-smiling--stock-photo.jpg ), 
  zombies . 
  i do n't think so , because various countries have a different opinion while other countries have other opinion . 
  pink panthers . 
  they stole lots of jewelry , and still are not caught . 
  there 's a movie with a similar story called `` the hunt '' . 
  a guy who is falsely accused by a little girl from kindergarten that he showed her his dick , he then became the most hated guy in his town . 
  '' * ill rek u in csgo give me the ip adres ima no scope * '', 
  i prepare a frozen pizza to the oven or just make a sandwich if i 'm very hungry . 
  mike oldfield - to france . 
  if you listen it , you will think that the singer said `` across '' but instead , she said `` to france '' because of the scottish accent . 
  not a teacher too , but at my friend 's class of 14 people , everybody cheated by sharing a picture of a completed test on bluetooth on a phone . 
  404 not found when trying to login . 
  for me it was for 30 seconds the white box, 
  nope , my brother just received a full game from this site ... 
  `` never should have come here . '', 
  [ dentist right now ] ( https://youtu.be/36lszumbjnc ), 
  3 years later on gleam.io , verify your bank account and paypal to get a free game !, 
  ftfy, 
  and i need electricity to charge my phone .
