  warning : explicit content . 
  \u27a1 \u27a1 good shit good shit m8 that 's some good shit \u2747 \u2733 \u2734 \u2733 \u2733 \u264b \u264b, 
  every idiot i always knew was named kevin . 
  it 's ok . 
  i thought that my parents had infinite money ... 
  \u270c \u270c ( this is what i see ), 
  what the fuck did you just say ? 
  there 's a big steel factory . 
  why is that gun floating ? 
  my own fists . 
  or xnxx, 
  skyrim 5 : rims of the skies, 
  a more customizable status bar where you can change what icons to show or add apps in the status bar menu when swiped down . 
  also a low-battery mode ( some devices already have that , but it would be better to be an option for all devices . ), 
  ah , yes . 
  2 days ago my cousin had a wedding and there was one 70 year old guest who complained about everything , telling it to everybody , even to us . 
  knifing battle enemies with awp in csgo . 
  i like my car bass . 
  well , for ps3 , gta online became a wasteland when it got released for pc and ps4 . 
  with mods . 
  gta : san andreas . 
  we used to play that game a lot both at school ( secretly ) and home . 
  also sa : mp with its 1000 + player servers . 
  it was really good . 
  i think there are some tv series in polish , but not very known . 
  there are actually ... just not sfw ... 
  katamari would n't be bad . 
  or about assassin 's creed 1 . 
  that mars used to be a normal habitable planet , until it was destroyed in late 50 's because of tests from nuclear weapons of mass destruction for safety purposes , projected from both u.s.a and the soviet union . 
  stop, 
  because i am a european and i ca n't . 
  a doll in a baby form . 
  just to scare people . 
  adultness . 
  me too , teachers wanted to suspend me , but they did n't for some reason . 
  i know a guy who broke someone else 's nose and got suspended 6 months . 
  serbia . 
  there are economical problems , but it 's ok . 
  sleep ? 
  never heard of that city . 
  sometimes they imitate cat noises afaik . 
  become a candidate for president . 
  `` you absolutely do n't look fat ! '', 
  i have that one neighbor friend who will always joke about anything , let 's call him john . 
  john always has to complain something you did wrong . 
  john would always tells the stupid jokes possible together with other friends . 
  john always has to `` jokingly '' slap your face every time he meets someone . 
  there are people who got angry on him , but john instead of apologizing , he will enrage them even more !, 
  gtx 1080 . 
  our school learned us that actually ... 
  they have pale skin . 
  when i tried it for the first time just to see how it looks ... 
   main goal of life, 
  football . 
  and repeat from beginning . 
  when i started to work 8 hours a day . 
  you get a small time of free time to enjoy . 
  profession . 
  or apricityos . 
  let 's just hope it does n't become `` fucksia '' . 
  fuck that 's a high level pok\u00e9mon . 
  1 minute if morning . 
  very nyce !, 
  serbian flag . 
  three colors and badass eagles . 
  i have hidden money in my house . 
  the graphics are very real , but the downside is that the framerate is limited to 40-45 fps . 
  the story kinda sucks and the training usually lasts for 20 for most people . 
  never in my life . 
  everybody is racist a little . 
   tossing them behind her tv, 
  or bob cats . 
  dank memes and gore stuff mostly . 
  never broke a bone or done some other serious injury that i had to go to hospital . 
  does mcdonald 's count ? 
  energy drinks . 
  rest in penis, 
  10000 isis militants vs 10150 mexican drug militants . 
  ^ ^ ^ behind ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ . 
  people who cross the street without looking left and right without the crosswalk too . 
  you want to die ? 
  you are doing the right steps . 
  probably playing outside with other kids . 
  buy sony / s, 
  howl 's moving castle . 
  `` hey , how 's it goin ' ? '', 
  yeah , from facebook for like a month . 
  felt way more terrible actually . 
  i know someone who tried to eat a pizza with a spoon . 
  `` fuck off it 's full ! '', 
  i still sometimes use the 2012 nexus 7 just for fun . 
  the lollipop update fucked it a bit up so i had install another rom . 
  i also have to use the mouse and keyboard , because the touchscreen got fucked up because of a few drops on the ground ( display is perfectly fine ) . 
  it still works fast and plays videos fine . 
  jesus christ brad , that 's my dick ? 
  or might be also a generic bot message by the company . 
  yellow drop me awp pls, 
  / r/wallpaper and / r/wallpapers too . 
  `` we need to talk . '', 
  switzerland .
