  linux is the kernel : the program in the system, 
  that allocates the machine 's resources to the other programs that you run . 
  the kernel is an essential part of an operating system , but useless by itself ;, 
  it can only function in the context of a complete operating system . 
  linux is, 
  normally used in combination with the gnu operating system : the whole system, 
  is basically gnu with linux added , or gnu/linux . 
  all the so-called `` linux '', 
  distributions are really distributions of gnu/linux . 
  he has seen some shit, 
  403 forbidden . 
  [ or with that if you 're a student ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lr7n4itsrg1qg4mex.jpg ), 
  if they did it with 1 +1 , then probably ... 
  in my school , mostly our teachers do n't care if we enter late , so we just say good morning to the teacher and sit . 
  not all of them were like that , new teachers mostly would always write in the register if someone gets late . 
  it was so easy . 
  european here . 
  when i took a photograph of a flower for the first time . 
  `` dating website without need of photo '', 
  or grunt noises . 
  yes . 
  every time when you throw it , your iphone will deploy the pneumatic foam inside its case , which will make your iphone safe from damage . 
  buy the new iphone , for your innovation . 
  i did like that with my grades too . 
  if i do n't look at my grades , i 'm a good student . 
  worse if you 've got a data plan that is about to run out . 
  try going to toi tois ( those small plastic bathrooms ) near an autogrill . 
  you will witness the door to the fecal hell . 
  1 upvote = 1 downvote, 
  * hello , i 'm a lazy person and i do n't want to work . 
  so i need your money . 
  thanks for mentioning me , 
  and looking at the cringy parent trying to calm down the baby by making it worse . 
  yeah . 
  i like that dogs are cute and that can be a bit intelligent , but damn , they smell . 
  you are now moderator of / r/pyongyang . 
  * b-b-b-b *, 
  this kills the crab . 
  why ? 
  the pee logic and the parking logic are same ... 
  buy cs : go and you will learn russian just after a week !, 
  this is why modded servers exist . 
  best overpowered sword . 
  a lot of people asked me to trade them . 
  there 's a good sub where you can get some free games called / r/freegamefindings which i 'm also a mod in it . 
  me and my two brothers have the same scar on the forehead because when were like little , we were skating with the sled on the snow all together and when we fell , we all hit the rock . 
  19 years later it 's still visible . 
  we are now like harry potters !, 
  my phone is still running kitkat . 
  ^ ^ ^ kill ^ ^ ^ me, 
  take another pic closer op . 
  praise kek, 
  in our school , there was a spreading rumor that our director did drugs , which was also the reason why he was kicked . 
  he was always a shady person by the way . 
  5 drinks are nothing ... 
  me too . 
  when i work , i always remember some funny stuff from the internet , so i laugh randomly so much that the people often think i do lsd . 
  hahahahaha . 
  a rookie , i see ... chrome browser has the incognito tab that it stays in the notifications tab , that when you press it , it automatically closes everything . 
  useful . 
  and you buy a random steam game that is on 90 % off price that you will never play it . 
  not a problem in europe . 
  send them a note , which reads : `` fuck off space niggers , we 're full . 
  crash on the moon if you want . '', 
  constant cramps on my leg . 
  nearly every day . 
  yep . 
  me too . 
  i jaywalked near police lots of times too , but they do nothing . 
  they just give an awkward stare , then pretend that nothing happened . 
  italy . 
  best , nice buildings and very near shops . 
  bad , very loud neighborhood and idiotic drivers . 
  sshd . 
  new technology . 
  i will install that after i installed windows , 
  ok , so here 's the plan . 
  why the fuck not ? 
  i see you can now ride chocobo in final fantasy xv, 
  not in reddit is fun . 
  nsfb, 
  no balls touched . 
  it 's fine, 
   galaxsije, 
  probably someone ordered something with amazon prime . 
  * truck violently pushes you * now you 're in new york . 
  enjoy your stay * said from a far distance . 
  i could mentally x-ray what 's happening inside . 
  a e s t h e t i c, 
  i have that same lamp, 
  google keyboard . 
  xdddd, 
  xdddd, 
  source ? 
  just for scientific research . 
  they are everywhere . 
  ** coughs * linux ** coughs again *, 
  my parents said only windows , 
  yeah i know for that , i was wondering if there are power or heat problems . 
  ok , thanks for answering .
