  it 's fucking good ... 
  nema nigde da neko ovo spominje na / r/all ili / r/the _ donald . 
  gleda neko vice ? 
  an android through hdmi could do that ... 
  sorry , already posted before : /, 
  because you used the '' \u2122 '' symbol in the search which it would n't find anything . 
  if you search without it , you would see results  . 
  reddit 's search is also not very good so do n't worry . 
  metal as fuck, 
  shitty console peasants, 
  60fps . 
  i was a low end gamer with a core2duo cpu with a shitty gpu before , so i used to play in 720p and less . 
  now that i have got a powerful pc , i still switch to 720p to some games because i get used to it too much because 1080p felt a bit different , 
  i seeing it for the first time . 
  how is it ? 
   7,098 points, 
  * aaaaaahhhh !, 
  fyi , the beta begins january 26 and ends in january 29 . 
  * this is just a comment . 
  same . 
  12 mega in download and 0.90 in upload is fastest connection in my area . 
  hey what 's up guys today i 'm going to show you how to do the x when y even if you z, 
  sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck sick fuck, 
  `` give us the girl and * wipe * away the debt . '', 
  would you kindly ? 
  * `` b-b-b bernie still has a chance !, 
  donate him more ! . 
  never seen such a stupid twit . 
  3 days later : time for a new graphics card !, 
  a comment . 
  my tv used to change language to spanish by itself every time, 
  [ sorry , already posted . 
  i will have to delete your submission . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/freegamefindings/comments/5m7yk2/origin_game_mass_effect_2/ ), 
  good luck getting a job . 
  nah , it sucks, 
  *** 404 parents not found . 
  resident evil 7 demo runs pretty good on my rx460 with high-medium settings . 
  for honor is now available to be preloaded on uplay launcher if you are selected , so you can prepare for the open beta which opens 26th january !, 
  this building ( buildingus apartmentinalis ) is shredding its skin so it can use its new one to attract female buildings . 
  their diet consists of humans and some animals and their lifespan is about 300 years . 
  i always turn it off in hibernate mode . 
  it quickly boots without having to wait for loading , etc. 
  i just got acid reflux by reading the ingredients, 
  kaz , i 'm already a demon !, 
  also programsupervisor, 
  i am 0 and made 7 videos . 
  blop actually , blep is used for cats . 
  [ me too ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/976/cpsprodpb/b8c2/production/_88689274_seannew1_.jpg ), 
  trump was born in planet earth . 
  hitler did the same . 
  can we all agree that this is a repost that gets posted every fucking day ? 
  short game ? 
  it 's illegal in usa ? 
   sv_cheats 1, 
   func_vehicle, 
  * only for $ 59,99 *, 
  good old times when operating system companies were n't rivals . 
  i associate 50s music with bioshock instead of fallout, 
  if you read in the bottom , you can notice that the languages are displayed wrong . 
  and car mechanics too . 
  might be a glitch . 
  try logging in to another browser . 
   my house got burned badly and suddenly i got a spare console , upvotes are upper left, 
  maybe your computer or modem is configured to use a shitty dns , which the providers will usually secretly put it on in modems , just like my provider did . 
  try going to your modem settings ( 192.168.1.1 or similar ) and check if there 's an option for dns . 
  if you find that your modem is not configured to use dns , you can try to use the google 's public dns which solves some problems to some people . 
  if that doens ' t work , i recommend you to call your provider about that problem . 
  how much space on your hdd is remaining ? 
  i tried to use easeus partition master and minitool partition wizard free , but they both do n't help , i did n't try gparted yet , but i 'll try it tommorrow . 
  i 'll also try to ask / r/hackintosh soon . 
  maybe your antivirus constantly scans the game every time you launch it for some reason if you 've installed one . 
  not sure what could cause this stutter ... 
  how much are you far from the modem ? 
  how many lines are shown in the wifi icon at bottom right side of your screen ? 
  i heard somewhere that hackintosh required minimum of 200mb of free efi space , but i could be wrong , so that 's why i 'm wondering . 
  btw thanks . 
  try going to `` power options '' ( control panel  hardware and sound  power options ) and set to high performance if you have n't already . 
  i think it 's a hwmonitor bug , because it shows like that for more people . 
  no no no , not by creating a new account . 
  i mean use other internet browser ( in example google chrome , mozilla , etc ) and login with the same username and password where it displays -99,999 . 
  by blanking it , do you mean to make it to a fat32 file system as before ? 
  all that blood everywhere in the room . 
  did he live ? 
  the prophecy has been fulfilled . 
  ah ok i understand now, 
  it 's like watching some wildlife documentary where a lion catches a zebra . 
  ok , i tried to make a blank partition with gparted and i still get the same error . 
  also tried by just leaving unpartitioned space , but disk utility does n't see it . 
  i suspect that my efi system partition is too small which is just 100mb . 
  `` this is fine '', 
  si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si si, 
  maybe the driver suddenly stopped working for some reason or the scanner cable is damaged . 
  try reinstalling the driver . 
  i think it 's just the operating system storing some kind of cache , i have these folders on my external hdd too . 
  i do n't think they do harm . 
  maybe you mistakenly activated some parental control . 
  check your modem configuration if have it on . 
  you can try username : admin and password : admin if you have n't changed it . 
  well , if you do n't remember your modem credentials , then yes .
