  that 's nothing , i once reached 119c . 
  turning off the vsync fixes the issue for me . 
  uefi and also checked that bios settings are alright . 
  eh maybe the 80 's type of cyberpunk but not the present type of cyberpunk . 
  mark this nsfw, 
  a e s t h e t i c, 
  those were the times . 
  not a dlc , please correct the title . 
  i ca n't find any potatoes in the pic . 
  anyone ? 
  that looks cool honestly, 
  that 's something exactly happened to my mother when she was driving for work . 
  accidently hit a boy riding bicycle and he refused to get helped and he was gone like nothing happened . 
  3 days later he sued . 
  that 's a hard hit , it 's impressive how his spine survived and just ran like `` just a scratch it 's nothing !, 
  maybe they intended term as manufacturing or handmade and used a shitty translator . 
  we all do . 
  i do n't remember seeing this creature in dark souls . 
  what about us amd radeonians ? 
  i think that the case is still disputed by cops afaik . 
  i do n't know that much sorry . 
  ea games presents battlefield 1 , featuring michael jackson . 
  far cry 5 seems to get very extreme ... 
  pokemon : sun and scotland, 
  what if he is looking at a mirror ? 
  that 's a beatiful tablet display . 
  all of the photos are edited with photoshop cc where brightness , contrast and sharpness were edited . 
  psa : turn on `` upload images in high quality '' in imgur account settings , so the images do n't get compressed like shit !, 
  even if it dead , it 's impressive how it swims perfectly . 
  drivers ? 
  are you serious those are gun bullets !, 
  it 's a common glitch and it happens with all weapons . 
  not only the ammo animation gets glitched , but also fire and other weapons animations . 
  it once happened to me for the lmg by making the fire animation glitched up and it shooted continuously without wasting ammo until i clicked . 
  i certainly did think that i was in / r/peoplefuckingdying after seeing your post and got confused, 
  4chan / b / in a nutshell, 
  you can also check out my bioshock infinite screenshots if you want , they 're also great . 
  cigar blyat rush winston, 
  kupis deo po deo , stavis windows 10 na usb , instaliras drajvere itd . 
  good . 
  i 've been thinking about this recently too . 
  that 's why i manually write my information instead of autofilling . 
  i used a preactivated windows 10 3 months ago :( . 
  my german shepherd dog once mistakenly ate rat poison and he began shaking and feeling sick by standing , so we urged him to drink milk and thank god he vomited that shit and felt allright after . 
  that happened 3 years ago and still alive and well . 
  the rat poison that he ate was n't placed by us , but by the people who lived in my house before we bought i think . 
  closed . 
  i want a remastered edition of this game, 
  i see it as * `` the letters will not tackle the use of software add-ons for kodi that allow pirated content to be watched '' *, 
  they must have realized, 
  cown, 
  is your windows 10 genuine ? 
  this can happen if your windows 10 installed is counterfeit . 
  this guy 's hand ... is he a demon ? 
  i bet he has smug anime girl avatar, 
  the third one is so final fantasy-like, 
  we did it redit, 
  nice . 
  but why did dirt 3 steam page disappear ? 
  such a good game . 
  what a shame . 
  try changing server in steam settings to the nearest from you . 
  are you on wifi by any chance ? 
  when i had wifi in the past , sometimes my modem would make problems so i needed to restart it . 
  [ yo mama so fat joke ], 
  tried restarting steam ? 
  you can try exiting from steam and removing clientregistry.blob ( backup it just in case first ) in the steam folder and launch steam again to make it redownload it again . 
  sometimes this fixes some problems . 
  nice . 
  i was 8 years old back then ... 
  i 'm not a big fan of 8-bit games too , mostly these games are indie and they are like that because it 's cheap/easy to create art assets imo . 
  nice . 
  you were another person before but then you entered the simulation which is why you are here with us . 
  there was a rumor that our director used drugs . 
  i 'm pretty sure that this rumor was real because after some days , our director retired . 
  `` downloading update for america , please wait ... '', 
  i remember seeing this pic in amnesia : tdd, 
  a diabetic classmate of my class was shooting up always in front of everyone without problems . 
  the only meta i ever like, 
  depends on what engine . 
  lots of people say that 2d is easier than 3d . 
  as a european browsing this sub occasionally , what ? 
  the guid partition table option was only available when selecting the drive but not when selecting the partition , so that might be a problem . 
  and yes , it happened to me yesterday to break windows 10 by making it bootable by accidently pressing `` first aid '' option on disk utility , but solved it by repairing the bootloader on cmd with windows 10 media , luckily . 
  i used to manually clean folders by going to steamapps, 
  legacy . 
  thanks !, 
  39k upvotes now . 
  being honest . 
  yes . 
  upper left side of steam go to steam  go offline . 
  and rgb lights ? 
  not really , they still do . 
  some people dislike him and some love him . 
  just google infinity led mirror and you 'll find lots of tutorials on how to make it . 
  it 's like one of those freaks from the new resident evil ... 
  upgrade your cpu . 
  edit : that might not be the solution . 
  i know hot to apply the / r/naut theme with custom images for this sub if you want . 
  original op said that it does but it 's too loud .
