  * cpu : intel core i3-6100 3.7 ghz ( supports sse4 .1 / 4.2 , avx 2.0 ), 
  * os : windows 10 pro 64-bit version 1607, 
  here 's also the video https://gfycat.com/perfectpositivekestrel, 
  edit : the problem has been solved by reinstalling halo 5 forge . 
  hello , so i installed ubuntu and gpu drivers , but the gpu fans are constantly at fast speed which should not be like that . 
  in windows 10 , the gpu fans turn on at 52c ( 125.6 f ) at low speed which is supposed to be like that , but in ubuntu , all the time . 
  i 'm not an ubuntu expert , but i can type commands in the terminal . 
  thanks . 
  [ removed ], 
  when i wake my pc both from automatic `` turn off the display '' option and from sleep mode a `` film grain '' effect at beginning is produced for 3 seconds and then it goes normal . 
  the problem was there also before the amd relive update . 
  i tried to re-install the driver with clean install option from the amd relive update installer , but the problem is still here . 
  i do n't know if that 's normal , but i do n't want to risk by ignoring it , i just worry that the problem will get worse and worse . 
  i bought this gpu and the other parts 2 months ago , so it 's not very old . 
  i do n't get any problems when playing games . 
  here 's the video . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h55lg5x-v9u&feature=youtu.be . i also posted the problem on the december tech support megathread weeks ago on / r/amd , but got no replies . 
  also the specifications . 
  * cpu : intel core i3-6100 3.7 ghz, 
  * os : windows 10 pro updated to the latest version, 
  * hdd : toshiba 1tb + 1tb western digital external hard drive, 
  test post, 
  hello , so i 'm new to this hackintosh os and i want to try to install it on my pc , but not sure about my hardware compatibility . 
  * cpu : i3-6100 3.7 ghz, 
  thanks . 
  hello , i want to try to boot hackintosh on my pc , but i currently do n't have an usb drive which is big enough for it , so i want to try it to boot it using android with drivedroid , which basically makes your phone a bootable usb drive . 
  is it possible ? 
  thanks . 
  hello , i 'm getting this error when trying to load install from usb . 
  specs :, 
  * cpu : intel core i3-6100 3.7 ghz, 
  [ here 's the pic of the error . 
  also i 'm a noob with hackintosh , so be easy . 
  ok , so i was trying to install hackintosh installer , created a partition for it in disk utility , then i wanted to boot to windows 10 and it says `` error ! '', 
  ( i did n't install mac os ) . 
  used clover bootloader, 
  edit : solved by fixing bcd with cmd with windows 10 media . 
  hello , i created a separated partition in windows 10 to install sierra , but when i try to install on it , it says that the drive is not guid scheme even if i erased it to mac os x extened ( journaled ) with disk utility . 
  any idea ? 
  also , i want to keep my windows 10 os and not erasing it . 
  thanks . 
  system specs :, 
  * cpu : i3-6100 3.7 ghz, 
  hello , so i want to install hackintosh to a separate partition in the same hard disk where there 's another separated partition of windows 10 installed . 
  i heard that there is a risk of damaging/breaking the windows 10 partition by doing that . 
  what are those risks and what i should avoid doing ? 
  thanks . 
  [ removed ], 
  hello , i want to resize the efi system partition which is just 100mb and i want to make it about 300mb . 
  is there a way to do this without a windows install ? 
  the reason i do this is because hackintosh requires at least 200mb of efi . 
  thanks . 
  hello , so i have windows 10 installed with one drive in my pc and i want to install hackintosh sierra on , by using a created partition from windows 10 . 
  now the problem is that i get the error `` mediakit reports not enough space on device for requested operation '' when i try to erase a 61 gb partition in disk utility program before installing . 
  what could cause that problem ? 
  thanks . 
  hello , i need a program to download mega links . 
  i used megasync before but there 's a download limit , which sucks . 
  i also considered downloading jdownloader , but i heard people complain that it has adware or/and malware , so i ai n't gon na touch it . 
  is there a good program to download mega links ? 
  thanks . 
  edit : i just found out megadownloader which seems to be to do its job . 
  howu the hellel do ai overcock my assdee crad reedr ? 
  i trierd to put soem watre but it kips spineeng too much bananas . 
  send hlepp . . ! . . !!, 
  edet : i sloved thes probelm by eating chumgams and esdee crads no longer ful bananas !!, 
  tanks rredyt, 
  hello , i 've got a sapphire radeon rx460 and it got two fans . 
  these fans on windows 10 activate when the gpu temperature reaches 52c . 
  on ubuntu they are always on . 
  is there a way to make the gpu fans function like in windows on ubuntu ? 
  thanks . 
  hello , i installed ubuntu 16.10 and amdgpu-pro drivers , but the thing is that the gpu fans ( two of them ) spin always , while in windows 10 they start spinning at 52c ( 125.6 f ) . 
  how do i make these fans work like in windows ? 
  thanks . 
  hello , i installed ubuntu 16.10 and amdgpu-pro drivers , but the thing is that the gpu fans ( two of them ) spin always , while in windows 10 they start spinning at 52c ( 125.6 f ) . 
  how do i make these fans work like in windows ? 
  thanks . 
  hello , are there some games or simulators where you learn how to drive and where you can drive around like gta or truck simulator ? 
  thanks . 
  i tryn to overcolck my dvd card readr but insted it keeps spawning cats . 
  how du i make it a dogg , i need to maek it full monkeys bcs resons ples hlep, 
  hou do i ovrelcock my hand so i ken fap fasser ???!!?!?!, 
  so i want to monetize my videos , but not sure if they 're gon na be eligible . 
  my videos include tutorials about windows 10 and some of its programs with a non-copyright music . 
  will the windows 10 tutorials make issues with copyright ? 
  hello , i 've installed a new psu , gpu and ram to a pc and i 've got a little problem where the keyboard stops working after some hours when using the pc , so i have to restart it every time to make it work again . 
  what could be wrong and how can that be solved ? 
  thanks . 
  by the way , i use windows 10 . 
  hello , i have this problem where the monitor displays a grainy noise which lasts 3 seconds then shows the normal image . 
  this happens only when i turn on the pc from sleep and hibernation and not when turning it on and restart . 
  my graphic card is sapphire radeon rx460 which is connected through a dvi cable . 
  thanks . 
  while here , it stays black . 
  [ removed ], 
  just found this on front page , might help for some of you . 
  hello , i run a store and i need a software to print small labels to attach it to each product . 
  i know that google gives answers of everything , but i want to hear from you . 
  thanks .
