  there was a thread about gtm on beermoney , try to search it . 
  but i receive more surveys ( like 2-3 every day ) than opinion outpost . 
  but later i also got the key for timberman . 
  everyone on / b /, 
  telling lies . 
  tall with nice legs . 
  gaming pc building . 
  check spam or wait a couple of minutes . 
  like skyrim with serbs . 
  - machinima, 
  another giveaway that i missed . 
  * for fuck sake *, 
  glorious 60 cleans per second, 
  that really rustled my jimmies, 
  thanks, 
  ili ulje za bebe , i to valja, 
  why all your posts are so illogical ? 
  it reminds me of that one flash game where cops chase you . 
  saint 's row v beta, 
  final fantasy x, 
   greedy , are n't you ? 
  you 've already gotten a code . 
  now leave some codes for others . 
  fuck you . 
  the sound of cnc machines while at work . 
  numerical control ( nc ) is the automation of machine tools that are operated by precisely programmed commands encoded on a storage medium , as opposed to controlled manually by hand wheels or levers , or mechanically automated by cams alone . 
  most nc today is computer ( or computerized ) numerical control ( cnc ) , [ 1 ] in which computers play an integral part of the control . 
  tl ; dr : they work by themselves by inserting a metallic piece and a coordinate that needs to be processed . 
  being a solider instead of a soldier, 
  the word `` water '' on a keyboard , because the keys to write are close and it 's easy to write . 
  err_name_not_resolved on both links :(, 
  oh , i get it now ... 
  for screen tearing , try enabling the triple buffering or/and vsync option . 
  oh , forgot to tell you , in the nvidia control panel or ccc if you have an ati gpu . 
  c++ or something similar ... 
  the hoverboard , because it has wheels . 
  / r/interestingasfuck, 
  condemned : criminal origins . 
  how it feels to chew 5 gum, 
  * what are the most important rules of communism and its benefits ? 
  i dreamed a lot about being arrested by the police for no reason . 
  the bobcat . 
  same as cat , but wild . 
  try not to fly up . 
  1 hour , the warm water was nice . 
  * my mom said to not let strangers go inside . 
  now , goodbye !, 
  i 'm in the same boat ... 
  kitty0706 , smosh , machinima , rooster teeth , vsauce , nigahiga . 
  7 times a day ? 
  what a normie ... 
  how much minutes do i need to wait when turkey is ready from oven ?? 
  head transplant , eye transplant , artificial blood , cure for blindness , cure for rabies on advanced stage , etc. . . 
  useless buttons . 
  nothing yet ... 10 + hours passed . 
  edit : it arrived . 
  3 times per day . 
  sometimes also 4 . 
  sorta yes , in italy . 
  but not much . 
  * i do n't know ... let 's see ... uhm ... donald sanders ? 
  run as fast as you can before it 's too late, 
  english . 
  i was best in class . 
  still i am . 
  why should i meet her new partner ? 
  flavourland, 
  alternative australia, 
   the serbians tried to kill croatians, 
  we invent history now ? 
   serbians tried to kill all the croatians, 
  ** for those who still have not received the code through spam or from main category of mail , try searching in gmail `` sega '' and you 'll find an unopened mail which says `` claim your make war not love steam code '' . 
  this is how i found my code . 
  ** sometime gmail hides some mails . 
  the show is n't bad at all , but its humor does n't entertain me well , so it 's kinda boring show for me . 
  * why are they so paranoid ? 
  i asked a lady where is the shop located , but she instead yelled `` oh my god , what are you aahhh '' and then ran as fast as possible . 
  fuck this , i 'm going to venus or some other shit planet . 
  too much 4chan ? 
  / r/beermoney, 
  do n't wan na tell ya, 
  when i got an internet subscription , the first websites i visited were yahoo and some flash games websites . 
  that sometimes i, 
  watching videos on deepweb is n't very safe and can leak your ip i think, 
  and morrowind with mods . 
  [ spaceport ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/spaceport_ ( seacombe ) is a tourist attraction in seacombe , wallasey , merseyside , north west england . 
  the attraction 's main topic of interest isspace and space travel suited to visitors aged 7 or older . 
  visitors learn about space as they walk through different themed galleries , which all have a variety of interactive and audio-visual exhibits . 
  the ones mostly on right up side of the keyboard . 
  talking with my deaf 75 year old boss who is always mad with everything . 
  in my dreams, 
  i know that feel . 
  i 'm from europe and i do n't care about american politics . 
  10 years . 
  it 's not that i 'm ugly , but simply not interested . 
  to be alive . 
  going to the party full of people i hate . 
  pretend to work . 
  i wish i can use reddit on my phone , but my job is to work on machine where my hands are always wet so ... 
  the mantian .
