  big if true, 
  do you fight the final boss up there ? 
  judging by the end of the video , might be troll or something, 
  ssoniq th ededeghob, 
  # * we have the best manager . 
  do n't we , folks ? 
  m e, 
  * hot girls want to chat right now in your area !, 
  * katamari theme plays, 
  i am the only one who sees the head as wario ? 
  he never asked for this, 
  well the camera 2 api can be enabled by editing build prop , but the fact that it requires 64 bit system is a problem . 
  hope google will release camera app again for all devices one day ... 
  i remember when i downloaded shrek 2 that it asked to install another video player , but turned out to be fake . 
  i was only 10 that time , so yeah i was dumb . 
  close all the doors and the windows op, 
  because they got raped lmao, 
  * sir , very less ram available *, 
  we need a sub for these, 
  2017 , purchasable on some shitty chinese sites and stores , but usually they do n't last so long . 
  y' all need soma in your life . 
  [ mehrunes dagon ] ( https://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/1/17172/1137481-oblivion62.jpg ), 
  you 'll gon na be fine . 
  you 'll just live in a post-apocaliptic world sorta like from fallout 4 . 
  me too thanks, 
  for me dayz bulshittery 9 was blocked on my android phone , but not on pc for some reason . 
  agreed . 
  happened to me for dayz bulshittery 9, 
  for me it also says old age and pre failure and my hdd is only 10 months old . 
  should i be worried ? 
  sorry for a late question , how does the game feel ? 
  i 'm planning to buy it . 
  i agree , insurgency is a very good game . 
  a bit hard at beginning but it 's awesome overrall . 
  i had that exactly the same crocodile !, 
  can you hear me ? 
  hello ? 
  maybe they have some group of guys who maintain it , not sure . 
  yeah i did . 
  paint it yellow and it becomes a cute chocobo . 
  thanks !, 
  never subscribed so fast !, 
  the girl from the video looks like bailey jay for some reason . 
  hrvati dobili lorde , a mi voldemorta . 
  they are discriminating our ethnicity , this is against human rights !, 
  boycott bunjee for being racist !, 
  just a texture bug, 
  he laughed after . 
  i would cry like a bitch if it were happen to me ... 
  reversed for me . 
  i used it less before , but recently i began to use it a lot . 
  suck to be solid snake :(, 
  i thought too that there 's gon na be something unexpected at the end , did n't even know i was in this sub ... 
  func_vehicle is the solution for everything, 
  hey , that 's pretty good !, 
  how do you use them in nougat ? 
  is it moto z2 exclusive or works also on moto g5 ? 
  founder of essential is also the co-founder of android ? 
  til . 
  icon pack is simpax , wallpaper is `` morning tea '' search it in zedge if you want it . 
  the rest is oc except font . 
  yes . 
   job, 
  reeee, 
  i did get a gold once , but it 's nothing much tbh . 
  you get some extra useless options and access to gold-only subreddit , but it 's really no so special about it . 
  lack of evidence and much non-sense . 
  pc gaming, 
  me too i thought my phone bugged for a sec, 
  i 'll gon na wait for friday just in case ... 
  me too thanks, 
  pamet means intelligence or mind in my language :p, 
  i 'm 20 and my whole neighborhood and i had a phone like this . 
  probably because we had shit infrastructure and we were poor as fuck that time . 
  yeah . 
  the developer of unturned which is a teenager , a dayz-like steam game , it became very successful and now it 's one of the most played games on steam . 
  not all teens suck i guess ... 
  * damn it frank !, 
  until it begins to slow down and becomes unusable . 
  aspen , colorado , usa . 
  how hard it is ? 
  great and cool app , but i will just stick to adobe lightroom and vsco anyway ... 
  ported by shinra electric power company . 
  * moonman moonman ca n't you see *, 
  i agree , i hate it too . 
  app has cool functions but ui is suck and it 's confusing ... 
  maybe neighbors loud tv or yours ? 
  besides pubg , do you , or someone in your team also play other games ? 
  thanks for the answer . 
  ok , thanks !, 
  * naaah na na na na na na na intensifies *, 
  #col . blake wants to speak with you . 
  he looked pretty angry ... 
  yeah , the game might be called arma : cold war assault , but it will always be called operation flashpoint for me and forever . 
  mmmm egg yolk, 
  well there are apparently but a very little number . 
  i know a friend who works there . 
  jokes on you i have ongoing amnesia, 
  shut it down !, 
  there are people who still use go keayboard ?
