  also it 's free . 
  stinky bug smell . 
  worse than fart . 
  a videogame or clothes . 
  because people will think that you 're a creep or something if you smile in my country . 
  the room . 
  movie so bad that some actors had to quit how much it shitty was during development . 
  having lots of dandruff . 
  yep . 
  gore threads on 4chan . 
  that 's why i very rarely visit it . 
  serbia . 
  but 80 % of balkans is like that . 
  unemployment . 
  having 2 guards to stay near the door with lances . 
  when someone invents a superior social network site which has features that facebook does n't have . 
  well basically my father was only coming home at night but we never see him when it 's day . 
  he was eating only in restaurants . 
  yes . 
  on 4chan . 
  every generic house/dance/techno that is trending nowadays . 
  i dream of first day of school every day . 
  the sound of nuclear alarm sound , not kidding , i like it . 
  it looks like a car from some 80 's cartoons . 
  grand theft auto : vice city, 
  of crisis that might happen to my cointry , or massive unemployment . 
  gym, 
  i wanted to work in it or in army . 
  i work as a metalmechanic . 
  mixed feelings . 
  giant hornet nests inside a room . 
  there were about 2-3 . 
  good thing that they were empty . 
  unofficial elder scroll pages , final fantasy wikia and encyclopedia dramatica . 
  we cut our fingers and sell it to japanese for 1000 $, 
  by having a correct grammar , being polite and being original . 
  flick off to those who said that . 
  a diy mini nuclear reactor . 
  transparent like water . 
  sometimes also yellow . 
  try to hit it with rocks . 
  colour . 
  i had a deaf old boss who would always yell at anything randomly . 
  `` let me show you my booger collection !, 
  you can also touch some and put some in your mouth ! '', 
  needle porn when a girl puts like 10 needles on one nipple . 
  dyatlov pass incident . 
  asked 10 random people if they would give me 1 $ , they all did . 
  i was 7 at that time . 
  buy a tasty kebab . 
  not wtf, 
   `` failed to send your message . 
  please try later or contact the administrator by another method . '', 
  not working for me . 
  brb trying in another browser or later . 
  edit : it works now, 
  yes . 
  i had like 25 fps at lowest setting . 
  now i have like 80 fps with new pc at max settings . 
  dat compression artifacts, 
  when your teacher says to bring 5 more books, 
  people are scared so much of spiders . 
  try to zoom in the page by ctrl + scrolling up . 
  how is that wtf ? 
  malwarebytes antimalware that shit, 
  * childhood : palacinke, 
  * teenhood : palacinke, 
  * adulthood : palacinke, 
  igram po nekad league of legends . 
  the nice smell of new bought hdmi cables . 
  milk factory !, 
  yeah milk factory , the human ones , if you know what i mean, 
  to browse / r/funny for 15 days with no access to other websites and tv . 
  flashlight , usb recharger , water , pack of snacks and a fruit juice . 
  i cut metal by making it spin very fast . 
  introduction, 
  wear a suit and smoke cuban cigars while judging other coworkers what are they doing wrong and what not . 
  that 's a lot of fish . 
  change the water after . 
  damn thats sad, 
  what type anesthesia did they give you ? 
  i have pilonidal cyst and im very scared of any kind of surgery . 
  if you look closely , you can see a face or head in the second image at the window, 
  still got no key in email : /, 
  when you are driving fast in gta 5 and you accidentally press the button to exit car . 
  [ metal gear solid game over plays ], 
  is that big boss on the left ? 
  ftfy, 
  to buy a a good graphic card for my computer because my current one is dying . 
  as someone who has a very very bad graphic card , i can recommend you : team fortress 2 , unturned , counter-strike source , quake live , league of legends , smite , insurgency , ( i get bad framerate there but still playable for me ) any rpgmaker game , ( they are really good if you are into rps 's like me ) south park the stick of truth , crysis wars ( it 's based on crysis 1 but multiplayer , it 's not very graphicly strong i can run it on 800x600 on medium with 60 framerate per second which means good , for me , i do n't how will your gpu run it ) , minecraft , war thunder ( excluding the tank battles which lag a lot . 
  air battles are very graphically light ) , robocraft , global offensive ( i get a bad framerate on this game , not reccomending you this game , but your gpu might be stronger than mine so you maybe should give a try ) , battlefield 2 , battlefield 1942 , mount & blade warband , s.t.a.l.k.e.r series , fallout 3 ( recommended if you are running windows xp because it 's not very compatible with newer operating systems ), 
  yeah i know , i wrote that in mobile and also had to hurry . 
  canada , norway , switzerland ( been there already , want to go here again ) , japan ( tokyo ) , finland , the alps , some cities in usa , netherlands . 
  i honestly do n't like beaches so much . 
  i 'm more into cold places and mountains : /, 
  walking through forest . 
  or going at the top of the hill and enjoy the deep silence . 
  seriously it 's very quiet in a village where my friends live . 
  outside . 
  you can do like anything .
