   the great unknown, 
  you mean our existence ? 
  busted, 
  yeah , as an european who does n't care about us politics ... even worse . 
  no serbian flag d :, 
  wtf did i just read, 
  * grunt noises, 
  this needs to be made into a short movie . 
  be sure to find some daedric items, 
  * scanning ... 4 targets detected . 
  switching to hunt mode ... 
  ready . 
  buffalo soldier ... 
  they better stick with other celebrities because making an episode about trump would be kinda stupid which is already annoying even now . 
  also cs : go was n't released in europe for ps3 ... 
  [ i 'm not ] ( http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=2962014 ) . 
  it was released only for north america only . 
  anyway , the pc version is better because the servers on ps3 are probaly dead or not enough populated . 
  because the common buildings in op 's image are communist buildings which the entire eastern and southeastern europe countries is affected . 
  they are ugly . 
  man , fuck the second link ... 
  okay . 
  i wish they continued boondocks ... 
  happens to me too when i do n't turn on my heater for a long time . 
  overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch overwatch, 
  this is it , i filtered / r/pics, 
  this does n't seem bad . 
  it 's not a person holding signs at least . . 
  fuck your crop nigger, 
  nigger, 
  that 's a nice sub thanks, 
  or you just install fvd speed dial . 
  i can hear the mics insulting, 
  i just found this tool too . 
  do you maybe know how to make it download 1 link each instead of 5 of at the same time ? 
  oh okay , i will try to install it next time . 
  currently i found megadownloader which seems to be doing the job . 
  does n't work . 
  it still downloads 4-5 links at the same time . 
  i did press `` save '' in options after changing tho . 
  edit : i fixed it by pausing downloads and than starting them again . 
  / r/dogmasterrace, 
  for 3 more years he will grow a longer beard and create a new religion and a floating city . 
  rgb walls and table and you 're complete . 
  there 's too much poverty and corrupt politics and many people who do n't probably get education , so that 's why the crime is high imo . 
  you misspelled japanese fishing spot wrong / s, 
  is it just me or i 'm the only one reading the titles as a voice from the soldiers from mgs5 ? 
  i wish that gas stations from my country make pizzas too ... 
  youtube logic . 
  * nsfw video : video deleted because because disrespects the youtube guidelines, 
  * `` artistic '' nsfw video : hell yeah we wo n't delete it because it 's art . 
  some say it 's fake , but still the videos look very stupid . 
  i agree . 
  it 's not a cool thing to do . 
  kaz and his hamburgers were n't included . 
  `` we 'll make diamonds from their asses . '', 
  it would not be a huge success because there 's already google play store . 
  they were n't worse memes . 
  they just expired . 
  i have that logitech mouse ... 
  yeah, 
  the censored part looks like austria . 
  i got my account hacked once for like 10 days and luckily my inventory is untouched , but all my friends were spammed with phishing links including other people added by the phisher so i had to say sorry to every one of them ( they were like 100 or more of them ) . 
  damn i loved this keyboard ... 
  that 's a very cute snake . 
  me when playing civilization v. 
  we get it . 
  you vape . 
  0-18 is the character creation, 
  you might see a doctor about that, 
  i watched a video about it a long time ago where the a guy just jump and the bees fall off . 
  yeah but what can you do with those 0 gbs ? 
  well , seselj is basically a meme and often made fun of him in our medias . 
  do not assume that we actually like him . 
  what about windows 10 ? 
  then maybe skidrow , razor1911 , codex or somebody else will manage to learn how to crack it . 
  samo fali neki pop da stoji i da se ljudi krste ... 
  video removed . 
  mirror ? 
  damn . 
  i paid like 34 euros which came without any addons and completely legal from ebay . 
  * steals, 
  this does n't seem so much bad . 
  i want to try this . 
  nice to see animal crossing in vr . 
  damn i wish i could know how to use a cgi program so i can create cool wallpapers like this ... 
  nobody does . 
  even themselves . 
  damn this sub is really dead . 
  thank god my cats are shitting somewhere far outside . 
  reply, 
  never do pugs kids, 
  that 's so relaxing . 
  ** our whole universe was in a hot , dense state, 
  then nearly fourteen billion years ago expansion started , wait, 
  the earth began to cool , the autotrophs began to drool, 
  neanderthals developed tools, 
  we built a wall ( we built the pyramids ), 
  math , science , history , unraveling the mysteries, 
  that all started with the big bang !,
