  this sucks . 
  i 'm an orthodox christian , but i never prayed in my life ... 
  dishonored . 
  it 's awesome . 
  also ctrl+alt+z which is undo . 
  unreal tournament classic . 
  fvd speed dial, 
  * b-but . . sir , we have an amazing deal which you can save 70 % of your money just by buying two of our products !, 
  so what are you waiting fo - [ phone hangs up ] *, 
  for me to build a high end computer . 
  barkology . 
  for money . 
  i 'm so broke . 
  he is currently at work and is writing this comment right now , while he 's in the pause . 
  boobs . 
  but sometimes also ass . 
  i think so . 
  what if those actually are subtitles and the zombie just said that ? 
  saints row iv . 
  mountains for me . 
  someone who opened my door at night . 
  my parents say that they did n't . 
  periwinkle vs orangered . 
  it was very fun . 
  it 's free now . 
  it was like that before , but now it 's free forever . 
  i did n't . 
  pics or did n't happen, 
  fortune telling and black magic . 
  we take that very seriously . 
  that there are aliens in area 51 . 
  especially in counter-strike . 
  / r/trashy, 
  if she 's hot then maybe . 
  if she 's meh then nah . 
  i 'm an orthodox christian and we simply do n't care . 
  i never knew that it 's a sin until i read that on internet . 
  i once had a dream that i had to hide someone 's body . 
  yes , they are better than the metallic one 's , but it breaks easily when you try to cut something very hard or if they fall from high distance . 
  remember that it 's a natural thing seeing a body in funeral . 
  you will feel better as before as time passes . 
  me too , i use my mouse on a wooden surface and it feels better than having a mouse pad . 
  they are dangerous for eyes tho . 
  it 's just illogical to me . 
  i 'm serbian and i laughed . 
  global offensive and dota 2 . 
  / r/internetisbeautiful , / r/mildlyinteresting , / r/woahdude , / r/todayilearned , / r/diy, 
  just a stereotype . 
  i was entering a hotel that was half on fire and decided to enter it . 
  then i entered the room of marylin monroe and then went to a room where there 's a tv that streamed some dentist pulling off a tooth forcefully while there 's a blood everywhere on patient 's mouth and the video repeats all over again . 
  i remember that the dream was creepy and black and white only colors . 
  my worries . 
  evolve multiplayer mode . 
   `` surgical removal of the extra bone growths has been shown to cause the body to `` repair '' the affected area with even more bone . '', 
  damn . . 
  ca n't get past entering e-mail address . 
  it just stays a white blank page . 
  edit : it works now , their servers now work without problems . 
  by the way , anyone received the key ? 
  heh , this pic made my day !, 
  thanks op !, 
  ended . 
  4h83e -- q0vix -- t74rv ( delete the extra - 's ), 
  i did n't . 
  square enix . 
  oh , i remeber this watching on rai channels ... 
  italian , english and serbian . 
  from serbia . 
  slidejoy . 
  i still remember when unity was a flash games plugin . 
  look how it changed now ... 
  $ $ $ $ vxi$ d3-vz $ m23-77t $ 2w $ $ $ ( delete the dollar signs ), 
  well , that escalated quickly ... 
  nope , maybe tommorow or for 2 days i hope, 
  still have n't received anything . 
  i completed everything and also i am from europe : /, 
  i think it 's on waves because if they send all the emails to us at once , their server or something will crash . 
  thirding . 
  edit : just received an email that i 'm unlucky and that they will give a premium subscription for their site . 
  received the same message , i 'm feeling disappointed . 
  it will come soon as free to play i think ... 
  this is like watching a gta online gameplay ... 
  tom clancy 's final fantasy xvi !, 
  nope , i succesfully downloaded the game and i had to pay nothing . 
  you mentally imagine it . 
  well , that 's a good left 4 dead cosplay ... 
  turkish pilot ? 
  very positive and has trading cards . 
  i can hear the music while watching this ... 
  how did you make icons centered and whats 's the icon pack for icons in the taskbar ? 
  when it asks you for the cd key after you have installed windows 7 , you have to click skip , and then run dazloader . 
  yes . 
  what 's his favourite colour ? 
  this is like watching an anime intro, 
  it was the tech support from my city that decided to change the thermal paste because the old paste worn out . 
  that 's what they said . 
  also i just cleaned my pc with air from my garage 5 mins ago and i will see how will things go now !, 
  i just cleaned my pc with air compressor . 
  now i will check out how will things go !, 
  try downloading [ dnsjumper ] ( http://www.sordum.org/7952/dns-jumper-v2-0/ ) .
