  luckily you can still remove the hdd and connect it to another pc for files . 
  [ wallpaper link if anyone wants ] ( https://i.imgur.com/vhfh6ip.jpg ), 
  it was first quarantined by admins then they made it private i think . 
  there are people like me who got used to store all the files on desktop and so have to do something :p, 
  imgurians are like some creatures living in a cave undiscovered in a rpg game . 
  why not fullscreen mode ? 
  * asd as dafawa sfasda sf awassa fas *, 
  rainmeter with flat & blurry and gpu stats skins pack . 
  tell me how to do this , i really hate them . 
  rainmeter with flat & blurry and gpu stats skins pack . 
  you have to alt +0160 twice , and thrice and so on depending how many folders to rename you 've got . 
  how did it happen ? 
  tried contacting them ? 
  my parents always keep playing some facebook games :(, 
   i tried tapping 30 times, 
  that 's not enough . 
  31 times is the correct number . 
  [ i found it , you mean this ? 
  ] ( http://www.howtogeek.com/howto/windows-vista/disable-shortcut-icon-arrow-overlay-in-windows-vista/ ), 
  that 's weird . 
  tried right clicking  rename then deleting it ? 
  i assume you tried to rename it by double clicking under the folder . 
  yeah i know it 's always like that . 
  i only care about temps and fan speed . 
  long battlefield 4 loading screens . 
  i know that feel . 
  rockstar support is pretty bad , yep . 
  what operating system are you on ? 
  that looks sweet . 
  also rocketdock is good . 
  right click on desktop  view  show desktop icons, 
  yes unfortunately it 's like that on vista , another user also reported it . 
  in windows 10 it works fine . 
  oh yes , i forgot to specify that you have to use the numpad before . 
  glad you figured it out !, 
  yeah but half shorter at least ... 
  flat & blurry . 
  or just double click on the folder/file title . 
  rainmeter . 
  flat & blurry, 
  what do you mean ? 
  it zooms up your icons ? 
  yeah , not the regular double click , but a '' '' `` bit '' '' '' slower double click . 
  yes , it makes an invisible character , but it does n't cause issues unless you 're on windows vista and lower . 
  / r/happyembarrassedgirls, 
  try using a virtual keyboard , not sure if it 's gon na work . 
  yes . 
  same . 
  i want to be in this kind of party, 
  see you for 5 minutes, 
  maybe try activating numlock ( button at the upper left side of the nunpad ) ? 
  / r/justunsubbed, 
  there are also more countries that use cyrillic such as russia , bulgaria , ukraine , serbia , macedonia , mongolia , kazakhstan , etc. 
  that 's like a scene from trainspotting, 
  pretty much yes . 
  i own a 32gb sd card and still did n't manage to full it up . 
  i 've got lots of images , videos , apps , but i still have like plenty of space . 
  i own a 30 year old a samsung microvawe . 
  still works pretty good . 
  hold alt and press numbers one by one on the numpad then release the alt button . 
  same . 
  does n't work . 
  nope , it return to original file name after . 
  not the same thing . 
  gadgets , now that 's a word i have n't heard for a long time since having a vista  . 
  btw it 's rainmeter with `` flat & blurry '' skins . 
  no it shows the download / upload which is currently processed . 
  this is just your imagination , you look better than me . 
  try joining tinder and gym . 
  call the fucking exorcist, 
  my tooth bled before every time i ate something , but after some time it stopped . 
  i once went to check my teeth by dentist and the total price to repair my teeth was like 1300 $ . 
  i 've fixed some of it by 600 $ by now . 
  spilled my juice over my keyboard and monitor fuck yuo, 
  skin name is flat & blurry . 
  that 's a russian police car , btw it looks nice, 
  it was bleeding for weeks every time i was eating a sandwich or mormal bread . 
  chips usually does n't cause problems for me . 
  nothing . 
  when you die , you will exit from the simulation nad live a `` real '' life . 
  are ghosts and aliens real ? 
  very better . 
  it will automatically find a good source for you instead for yourself . 
  i signed up for newsletter and got the key immediately in the mail , not sure if 100 % gives to every person tho . 
  hello , besides all the questions about steam , how was your work experience at microsoft ? 
  did you enjoy it ? 
  oh noes a server problem fug : dd, 
  one question , how do i make my gpu fan not spin always but the make it start spinning at one certain temperature ? 
  i get same fps both on mantle and directx 11 on battlefield 4 using rx 460, 
  that 's well done . 
  cum flooding in my house send help, 
  and then they wonder why there are so many homophobes . 
  so a normal pc modified to be run as a server . 
  interesting . 
  [ slidejoy . 
  ] ( http://getslidejoy.com/r/ihclz?id=1 ) you can earn 2 $ or more depending where you live by doing nothing . 
  you can also optionally complete tasks too . 
  the app works by putting a lockscreen to your android ( do n't if it exists for iphones yet ), 
  did n't knew comstock has a son . 
  what 's wrong with tripe soup ?
