  police , protesters and employees were clueless on the road . 
  the refugees were afraid to stay in markersdorf , fear of attack . 
  not only that . 
  the syrian soon ( 20 ) said it clearly : `` this is not comfortable enough , that 's just a gym ! '', 
  the asylum seekers , especially families with children , came from the first inventory in adalbert stifter way should now be redistributed in urban accommodation . 
  but the apartments are all occupied , so the temporary markersdorf . 
  for the refugees from syria , iraq and afghanistan is not good enough . 
  interpreters atta nassar ( 48 ) : `` the people are stubborn , they absolutely want in homes or a home . '', 
  in protest some of the refugees to photograph members of the press , because they do not want to be photographed themselves . 
  the mood among the refugees became more aggressive . 
  some said aloud , they wanted to leave germany immediately demanded a bus to austria . 
  `` dear return to syria than to stay here , '' it said . 
  the bus does not exist at present . 
  police chief commissioner rico steering ( 36 ) was stunned : `` a confused situation the need but be willing to compromise . . '' if the applicant is currently not . 
  you are playing for time , expect a buckling of the city . 
  the police also waiting . 
  still . 
  an official : `` tonight we did not let them in the parking lot then we must do what . . '' 18 clock a town hall meeting for accommodation in markersdorf is recognized in the bonhoeffer church towards the parking lot . 
  in addition , the city is preparing in the district of another refugee camp before - in the gym the night school in the arno-schreiter-strasse . 
  mopo24 is further locally . 
  update , 17:40 clock : mayor miko runkel turned up at 17.30 clock in the conflict a. 
  with the tongues of angels , he implored the refugees , but to take to the gym . 
  `` we do not have homes , this is your only chance ! '', 
  but the spokeswoman for the group of refugees , may , it could not be softened : `` we do not want to go in there we are not safe here . . '' miko runkel continued to press , said that the refugees could not stay in the parking lot - `` too dangerous '' . 
  he also appealed to the compassion for the many small children . 
  so far without success . 
  meanwhile approached the demonstrators chanted : `` get out ! '', 
  well the videos are pretty self explaining http://rudaw.net/english/world/13092015 http://rudaw.net/english/middleeast/turkey/110920151 theres not too much coverage by international media since its just happening in germany . 
  http://www.n-tv.de/politik/tuerkischer-konflikt-erreicht-deutschland-article15921376.html https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7dp5yvjtua https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=op-hm7qvl8s they live in germany for 50 years , or are even born here and still behave like wild animals and fight each other for ridiculous politic/ethnic reasons . 
  you cant tell me it is unreasonable to expect similar behaviour from the various ethnic/religious/cultural groups that arrive as refugees . 
  in fact , we already see the clashes and fights in refugee centers . 
  yeah i cant see any problems arising at all when people with that mindset are `` integrated '' in our western society . 
  if they just want to murder their `` traitorous '' countrymen who dare to have another religion , they are very welcome and will be a great benefit to us !, 
  the first step of integration , behaving like a decent human being should take 0 years . 
  included is not harrassing , bullying and violently attacking anyone because of their religion or origin . 
  also not raping the women and children in the refugee centers . 
  also not engaging in clashes that last several hours and demolish the furniture and buildings . 
  sadly those things can not be expected from refugees , therefore we need to seperate them by gender , religion and country of origin because otherwise they try to kill each other . 
  wow actually italy has a larger economy than russia too . 
  really unexpected . 
  got ta ask jakub kowalski for that probably ... 
  come on its just banter , just return some kraut-meme and we \u00b4 re good :d, 
  yeah , in contrast to the epitomes of peace , responsibility and altruism like the us of a , russia , iran and saudi arabia . 
  eh , i think he says it is a problem for women , not that he wants to feed it to women . 
  i agree with you though . 
  there will probably be people defending that behaviour saying : '' yeah i didnt really like that food when i was in school , i can understand them '', 
  so lets continue to just bomb the ever living shit out of the area ? 
  or sit back and watch ? 
  whats your approach ? 
   they are all fleeing from war wrong . 
  pretty sure there is no war in albania , kosovo , serbia , macedonia etc at the moment . 
  would be funny as hell seeing til schweigers drunk ass getting enriched by some sharia-police, 
  i think you can get a comprehensive picture by looking at all the news , articles , videos and occurances about the refugee situation . 
  i for my part have seen enough violence , clashes , ungratefulness , outrageous demands , extremist attitudes and the likes to overshadow the stories of syrians cleaning some streets or mowing a lawn . 
  im not saying all refugees/muslims are bad people , just that there are massive problems that cant be excused as rare single cases anymore . 
  im in favour of taking refugees directly from the camps in turkey , jordan lebanon etc. 
  in a controlled , regulated way . 
  im in favour of usual immigration for people that speak german and have good chances of getting a job . 
  im against opening europes borders and accepting every person that arrives here by illegal people-smugglers . 
  i dont think we should combat shrinking population ( i think its debatable anyway if our society and economy always need constant growth like its preached all the time ... ) with more refugees , since its a whole other matter . 
  refugees are supposed to return to their homecountry ... 
  so you think it needs to be reported if people dont bully , assault and threaten to murder others for completely made up , ridiculous , arbitrary religious reasons ? 
  for me thats the most basic form of human decency , something that is just natural and taken for granted if you want to live in a democratic , peaceful society . 
  the media , teachers in our schools , and even other refugees admit and try to show us that there are massive problems , what else do you need to recognize that ? 
  what needs to happen for you to see systematic problems and not just rare single occurances ? 
  we are not talking about normal immigration here . 
  usually immigration is only possible if you speak german and have a job lined up in the near future . 
  they mention 5 cases , do you think every single one gets reported ? 
  the dunkelziffer ( estimation ) is way higher . 
  do you actually think zdf tries to make muslims look bad ? 
  if even they realize the problems and dare to make a documentation thats not 100 % pro islam/foreigners you know the situation is pretty bad . 
  but if you call everything that doesnt perfectly support your view one-sided propaganda and ignore reports from left-multicultural government media , alright ... 
   something happened did you read the article ? 
  they talk about multiple cases of violent assault against christians ( women and children too ) , `` bullying '' if you dont pray 5 times a day , one family even moved back to iraq because they werent safe from the muslim-refugees in germany . 
  and its not only muslims vs christians , theres sunnis vs shiites , jesides , kurds etc just some weeks ago there were violent clashes between kurds and turks who live in germany since 50 years . 
  noone actually thinks every single refugee is a religious extremist , but you cant just wipe it off saying its only rare single cases . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm that documentation shows the attitude of muslims that were born and raised in germany ... 
  nah the criteria is : be the usa . 
  no other superpowers around . 
  you coined that weird word , all im saying is that we could treat streets as railroad tracks . 
  you are expected to die if you throw yourself on it, 
  i actually do drive in germany . 
  yeah the betriebsrisiko is also applied to pedestrians jumping on the road carelessly . 
  why is their life more worth than mine , considering they made a mistake and i didnt ? 
  nah its the only possible way . 
  why should someone jumping in front of a car be the death sentence for the driver ? 
  nope , if they clearly break traffic rules and jump in front of my car it should not be my death sentence . 
  why is everything that gets praise and turns out to be not all that perfect automatically terrible and utter shit ? 
  is there no middleground ? 
   everything popular is complete and utter shit hurr durr will never understand people like you . 
  trying too hard to show your `` superior taste '', 
  wait what ? 
  why do you think you are a more worthy tourist than the other tourists ? 
  what gives you the right to ruin their experience ? 
  how old are you ? 
  have you actually never in your life seen a thermostatventil ? 
  not even in school or your grandmas house ? 
  it sucks ass carrying a jacket + sweater all day because you needed it in the morning, 
  nah he sleeps while the other one drives . 
  atleast thats how our busdrivers did it when we drove 20 + hours to spain,
