  http://www.tagesspiegel.de/politik/international/fluechtlinge-10-000-starben-im-mittelmeer/976172.html atleast 10.000 died 1997-2007 for example, 
  the 9 percentage points difference between ireland and britain is 12.68 % of the 71 % of britain . 
  not sure if that helps ... 
  4th , china is ahead of us . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/ruestungsexport-deutschland-verkauft-mehr-kriegswaffen-a-1040431.html most of the weapons go to israel , usa , south-korea , singapore , european countries etc. . . 
  the caricature tries to make us believe that german weapons are the source of the refugee crisis , which is just ridiculous . 
  no , you can only expect selfhate and simple caricatures that dont reflect the reality at all but do a good job at reminding us how we are the source of all evil in the world . 
  pretty pathetic to watch, 
  the actual fucking article this post is about ... ... ... 54 % are very worried about the current refugee situation 56 % want a upper limit for refugees 57 % think germany completely lost control, 
  i was under the impression that 54 % is in fact more than half of the population , might be wrong though ... 
  the thing is , we dont really have an alternative . 
  stuff like the afd will never ever win , and its pretty debatable if they are able to run a country . 
  our best hope is probably a `` waking up '' and a shift to the right from the cdu . 
  not sure how likely that is though ... 
  will the politicians care ? 
  nope . 
  lets just organize some more welcome parties , get some #nopegida going , answer some strawman-questions to eradicate every doubt , proclaim that we would gladly exchange every `` nazi '' and racist for a refugee and how germans that are not happy with the refugee-policies should just leave the country . 
  i really wonder how long you can just ignore the opinion of more than half of the population . 
  it cant go on like this forever ... 
  submarine christian : staying undercover the whole year and showing up once for christmas . 
  i just dont think the 1,7 million people of malta , luxemburg and cyprus should have as much saying as the 200 million from germany , france and the uk . 
  everyone needs a voice , but it should be proportional imo . 
  equality in what aspect ? 
  influence ? 
  well obviously , why should a country of 5 million people have as much influence as a country of 80 million ? 
  well the governments are already actively encouraging companies to hire refugees . 
  in the future they will probably offer various subsidies or benefits if you hire refugees . 
  but the more important thing is that most of them will be on welfare for a very long time . 
  http://www.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/wirtschaftspolitik/arbeitslosenzahl-steigt-durch-fluechtlinge-laut-andrea-nahles-13795574.html not even 1 in 10 has the education/abilities to get hired http://www.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/wirtschaftspolitik/handwerkskammer-in-bayern-70-prozent-der-fluechtlinge-brechen-ausbildung-ab-13857887.html 70 % quit their training because they dont speak german or are not happy with the salary they get ( they expect germany to be a paradise where they can send lots of money home immeditatly ) obviously we will need to either raise the taxes drastically , or cut other spendings like education or infrastructure in order to supply 1.5 million people . 
  thats honestly the bigger concern than them stealing er jerbs . 
  fuck you for not wanting eastern european economic migrants to lower german wages ? 
  the ruling isnt in place since 2011 , why are you still envious and angry ? 
  funny that you complain that germany once actually acted carefully because it affects you personally . 
  what do you actually expect the country with the biggest economy and most people to do ? 
  not act in their interests ? 
  sit back and let the others decide everything ? 
  so you think giving more and more aid that ends up in the hands of corrupt politicians and warlords is the solution ? 
  in my opinion there are two options : leave the problematic countries completely alone and ( maybe ) let them fix themselves . 
  or actually intervene seriously . 
  i dont think bombing the countries to the ground , or giving them weapons that eventually just end up in the hands of the most violent and extreme faction in the region will fix anything . 
  to actually fix the problems in those countries you would need to colonize them . 
  if you want to be consistent you would need to take in everyone that has a worse life than we do in europe . 
  do you think thats possible and benefitial ? 
  i still cant wrap my head around why this is actually happening . 
  who benefits from this shit ? 
  i cant believe its really just delusional suicidal people, 
  http://i57.tinypic.com/14wddz9.jpg hes a hero for the italian american community !, 
  do you actually think all rich people got their money by being smart and hard working ? 
  do you think the saudi princes own their gigantic yachts because they earned and deserved it ? 
  and the baby that is born in some random slum has no right to a decent life because it was born in poverty ? 
  there need to be rules that prevent single individuals from living in absolutely crazy wealth and owning gigantic parts of our world while there are so many people who barely manage to survive . 
  translation : labour minister andrea nahles expects more hartz iv recipients . 
  the number is expected to rise to one million by 2019 . 
  reason is the refugee crisis . 
  more than one million asylum seekers are expected by the end of the year in germany . 
  labour minister andrea nahles ( spd ) they really want quickly integrate into the working world . 
  yet few speak german and many lack the appropriate training . 
  thus they have little chance on the labor market . 
  nahles therefore expects an increase in the hartz iv recipients . 
  the `` s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung '' nahles said : `` we expect next year with additional beneficiaries in a range 240000-460000 people by 2019 this figure could rise to one million . '' . 
  and : `` yes , the numbers are high . '', 
  for comparison , in september 2015 were 4.3 million working-age people hartz iv . 
  confirm the predictions , that would be an increase of 25 percent over the next four years . 
  im really not sure what to do . 
  its a video of a german mayor talking to refugees in english . 
  no idea whats wrong about it, 
  news article : ( linking to the article directly got removed because of low effort content apparently ... ) https://mopo24.de/#!nachrichten/chemnitz-fluechtlinge-wollen-nicht-in-turnhalle-einziehen-18379 translation : chemnitz - crazy situation in markersdorf : the city wanted to take 60 asylum seekers in the gym at the dittersdorfer road in the afternoon . 
  100 demonstrators wanted to prevent - but they came in vain . 
  the refugees refused to move into the hall . 
  police , protesters and employees were clueless on the road . 
  the refugees were afraid to stay in markersdorf , fear of attack . 
  not only that . 
  the syrian soon ( 20 ) said it clearly : `` this is not comfortable enough , that 's just a gym ! '', 
  the asylum seekers , especially families with children , came from the first inventory in adalbert stifter way should now be redistributed in urban accommodation . 
  but the apartments are all occupied , so the temporary markersdorf . 
  for the refugees from syria , iraq and afghanistan is not good enough . 
  interpreters atta nassar ( 48 ) : `` the people are stubborn , they absolutely want in homes or a home . '', 
  in protest some of the refugees to photograph members of the press , because they do not want to be photographed themselves . 
  the mood among the refugees became more aggressive . 
  some said aloud , they wanted to leave germany immediately demanded a bus to austria . 
  `` dear return to syria than to stay here , '' it said . 
  the bus does not exist at present . 
  police chief commissioner rico steering ( 36 ) was stunned : `` a confused situation the need but be willing to compromise . . '' if the applicant is currently not . 
  you are playing for time , expect a buckling of the city . 
  the police also waiting . 
  still . 
  an official : `` tonight we did not let them in the parking lot then we must do what . . '' 18 clock a town hall meeting for accommodation in markersdorf is recognized in the bonhoeffer church towards the parking lot . 
  in addition , the city is preparing in the district of another refugee camp before - in the gym the night school in the arno-schreiter-strasse . 
  mopo24 is further locally . 
  update , 18:21 clock : approximately 200 citizens have come to an event in the bonhoeffer church , to gather information on the detention of refugees in markersdorf . 
  in addition to representatives of the social welfare office and the police also pastor stefan brenner and mayor miko runkel answer questions , update , 17:40 clock : mayor miko runkel turned up at 17.30 clock in the conflict a. 
  with the tongues of angels , he implored the refugees , but to take to the gym . 
  `` we do not have homes , this is your only chance ! '', 
  but the spokeswoman for the group of refugees , may , it could not be softened : `` we do not want to go in there we are not safe here . . '' miko runkel continued to press , said that the refugees could not stay in the parking lot - `` too dangerous '' . 
  he also appealed to the compassion for the many small children . 
  so far without success . 
  meanwhile approached the demonstrators chanted : `` get out ! '', 
  translation : chemnitz - crazy situation in markersdorf : the city wanted to take 60 asylum seekers in the gym at the dittersdorfer road in the afternoon . 
  100 demonstrators wanted to prevent - but they came in vain . 
  the refugees refused to move into the hall .
