  absolutely . 
  money definitely doesnt make the people magically speak our language . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/syrian-refugees-sweden_568192b2e4b06fa68880d1f5 refugees state that it would take them several years to learn swedish and that they are not willing to invest that amount of time . 
  those specific guys are planning to leave again because of that , but there will surely be people with the same mindset that cant/wont simply leave . 
  why are you talking about the us and manual labour , not relevant at all . 
  his alternative to sweden is living in another middle eastern country like he did before , and he actually realized that it makes way more sense since he knows the language , culture and has an appropriate degree . 
  i agree that we need to discourage refugees , but that doesnt mean they dont have any responsibility and shouldnt even think one minute about the society they are about to enter . 
  if he actually thought just a little bit before he started to immigrate he would have realized that he obviously needs to learn he language and prove his skills to get a good job in sweden , how can he be seriously be surprised about that now ? 
   i 'm afraid that many there i do not generalize . 
  i think we should keep it in english to be respectful towards the others . 
   when i read your sentence i dont know anymore , one generalizing prejudice after another ... you are the reason why i 'm slowly more and more convinced that democracy is the wrong way ... 
  i never generalized at all . 
  i just mentioned that some people might think like the interviewed guy who himself states that he does not want to waste his time learning the language and getting an appropriate degree to work in sweden ; but not everyone will/can just leave again like he does . 
  so they continue to live here , though very disappointed by the promised paradise of sweden and germoney . 
  imo thats a recipe for radicalization and a difficult future . 
  once again im not generalizing and dont think everyone will act like this , but i think there are lots of clues that some if not many of the refugees will be in the described situation to some degree . 
   source ? 
  the actual interview this is all about ? 
   `` and then there will be many years until i learn the language , evaluate my degree , and find a job , '' he said . 
  `` practically speaking , i need seven or eight years to start my life here , and that 's an amount of time i am not willing to waste . '', 
  im aware that he is not speaking for everyone , thats why i didnt generalize but just mentioned my concern that there might be people who think like he does but that cant/wont just leave europe again . 
  you tell me , its not my narrative . 
  i see people that live alright in some arabic country like lebanon , hear propaganda about the paradise in sweden , pay to get illegally smuggled there , get a reality-check of the different culture in europe , realize life in the middle east was a-ok and return back again . 
  pretty much how the refugee-situation should resolve in my opinion , minus the unnecessary step of travelling to europe . 
  i hope more refugees realize they are better off in an arabic country , we should help them by stricter asylum rules and discouragement . 
  as the interviewed engineer himself said , if they actually want to work they can do that in the arabic world where they find similar culture , language and people ; and their skills and degrees are worth something . 
   but after they 've escaped from the warzone it 's perfectly understandable that they also want to live . 
  the fact of the matter is , they prefer to get back to where they came from instead of living in sweden . 
  they are refugees , so they came directly from a warzone and fled certain death didnt they ? 
  otherwise they would be economic migrants and not even eligible for asylum . 
  i mean yeah , that was my point . 
   `` i can make a living for myself and my family anywhere , '' he went on . 
  `` i do n't have to wait . '' why the fuck do you come to sweden to live off of their taxpayers money than in the first place ? 
  like he did with me . 
  im not saying refugees cant have needs and interests and `` live '' like he worded it . 
  but if inconveniences like having to learn the language or not seeing many people on the streets after 6 pm are enough to make `` refugees '' return to where they are from , they are not fleeing certain brutal death !, 
  you are literally saying living in sweden is worse than a warzone , its getting bizarre . 
  so what prevents them from `` living '' in sweden ? 
  ah right , the existence of alcohol and the possibility for young people of different genders to have friendships . 
  also of course the antisocial swedes that lack ( arabic ) communication skills while the refugees cant be bothered to learn swedish . 
  not to forget the racist swedish companies that require some sort of language skills and an appropiate degree before hiring migrants as engineers . 
  so they flee from certain death and it would be literally murder to send them back , but if the government-paid life in sweden gets a tad boring they return on their own ? 
  tell me how that makes any sense ? 
  the `` wasting 7-8 years of my life '' is just mindblowing , how does he think natives get a well-paid job ? 
  did he expect saab to hire him to build the new gripen while having no language skills and a questionable degree from syria ? 
  i really cant imagine the train of thought that resulted in his current situation . 
   - completely desperate people fleeing from absolute certain brutal death  - caring about lack of entertainment while being perfectly supplied with everything they need for free pick one i love how the main argument in favour of unlimited refugees is always : `` sending them back is literally murdering them !!!!! '', 
  while in reality they just come to europe because they expect to immediatly live like the average citizen with their own house , job and car . 
  once they realize its not that easy and they actually have to do something they rather return to the '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` warzone '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' they came from after having wasted thousands of european taxpayers euros . 
  i thought you were joking about how nobody understands your language , oh well . 
  i think i need atleast 3 hours of gabelstapler-simulator to recover from that post . 
  the whole situation only exists because of our welfare state , the community of taxpayers provides and pays for a minority of people . 
  capitalism is surely part of our society , but this is more of an example of our social policies rather than of a free market . 
  pretty sure this is more of an example for socialism , its not like the refugees are paying the teachers . 
  thats a pretty bold statement . 
  we definitely could use more teachers , i finished school this year and lessons got canceled all the time . 
  every time a teacher got sick or otherwise absent we could go home , no system of substitute teachers . 
  it was actually pretty hilarious , we missed more than half a year of pe and biology because of chronically ill teachers . 
  dont pretend everything is perfect . 
  1000 euros in germany is really not that much , rent alone would be almost half of it for a 1-room-apartment . 
   france , currently one place behind britain at sixth in the ranking , is forecast to fall to 9th by 2031 , `` leading it no longer to qualify on economic grounds for membership of the g-8 largest economies . ''  `` international bodies are likely to have to change their membership to reflect the changing balance of economic power . 
  if relative gdp levels are the main criterion for membership of the g-8 , by 2030 italy , france and russia are likely to be kicked out while india , korea and brazil force themselves in , '' what about canada ? 
  why are they not replaced already ? 
  they will neither integrate nor ever leave once they are in . 
  the whole account is sarcastic , just read the name, 
  i dont think you can completely ignore germany , we have a comparable amount of soldiers to the uk and france . 
  sure we have less tanks and aircrafts but that doesnt mean our military is nonexistent . 
  also all the smaller militaries combined also add up to quite a bit . 
  im not sure how efficient a combined army would be , but i also dont think its fair to rule everyone but the 2 biggest militaries out . 
  get a grip on reality . 
  eastern europe rather gets celebrated than bashed here on reddit . 
  well no one claims that its other europeans , more like the `` german '' `` bomber harris do it again '' crowd . 
  i think its a legal issue because you cant enter most ports with weapons on board . 
  what would 650 soldiers accomplish there ? 
  from where would they operate ? 
  who would they actually fight against , assad or the rebels ? 
  eh its definitely a pretty well-known song i would say . 
  at the moment they control land that we could conquer . 
  but then what ? 
  what makes you believe there wouldnt be guerilla and terror on the occupying troops ? 
  why would is be unable to convert into an underground group ? 
  i dont think they are stupid , so they will probably change their tactics if its obvious that they cant hold their land anymore . 
  and for how long do you want western forces to stay there ? 
  do you think once is doesnt control the land anymore they will be able to quickly form a functioning democracy ? 
  i really doubt it honestly, 
  well and im not satisfied with using incredible amounts of resources and sending thousands of my countrymen into their deaths to attempt to somehow pacify a ridiculously violent region that has proven the inability to live together in peace because of various religious and ethnic conflicts . 
  furthermore , i doubt anything short of colonization and completely taking over the administration would accomplish anything . 
  even then we would be faced with guerilla and terror , not to mention the hate and resistence from the locals because you definitely cant `` eradicate '' is without civilian casualties . 
  even if we somehow managed to kill every single is-soldier , in the meantime we would have created the next generation of west-hating radicals because we killed their family members . 
  all in all i dont think its worth risking a ( futile ) attempt to intervene considering the enourmous cost and doubtful outcome . 
  so europe/usa has to fix things for them ? 
  why ? 
  will we be responsible for the rest of the world forever ? 
  we will earn nothing but hate from this . 
  and besides that , how does the final solution ( heh ) look like ? 
  even if we destroyed is , do we occupy the territory ? 
  and get fucked up by the usual guerilla war ? 
  there are tons of problems and difficult questions, 
  the crossing is going on for lots of years , it just wasnt syrians but africans who died . 
  it wasnt that big in the news , but definitely mentioned from time to time .
