  damn thats terrifying ... 
  yeah you got it , immigration can not have any possible disadvantages for the natives . 
  driving down wages/possibly suspending minimum wage , property prices going to the moon , welfare spending , all imaginary nothing to see here guys . 
  well lots of pics are residential areas , and most people are probably busy with work/school/housework or other activities that take place somewhere else than the streets . 
  if the weather is good you will see everyone and their mother outside in cafes , parks , bbqing , at local lakes or rivers etc. 
  same , they are suprisingly entertaining . 
  okay i see what you mean . 
  personally i think living in a small city close to a bigger one is perfect . 
  i live in whats basically a suburb of cologne and its pretty great : not as expensive , not too crowded , enough ( parking - ) space , not that much traffic , nice public transportation , enough grocery stores etc. . . 
  if you want some action : 15 mins into the city centre by train . 
  if you want nature : 15 mins to the next lake , 30 mins by car to a national park . 
  i dont feel like its depressing that the residential areas are somewhat empty and quiet , you have so many possibilities to plan something fun on your own or with friends . 
  can you expand on that , what would make such a city more interesting ? 
  i sometimes have similar thoughts that it must be so much better living in more interesting regions like the mediterranean or the caribbeans . 
  but belgium ? 
  cant imagine small cities there being much more exciting than here, 
  can you expand on why indebting yourself for education brings you fun/satisfaction ? 
  or whats preferable about `` navigating through healthcare '' ? 
  i feel like there are still enough other personal stuff you have to worry about so i dont think we are shifting all responsibilities to the government . 
  and about less spending power , its not like europeans cant afford anything at all ... 
  some people prefer driving a vw golf instead of a f-150 if they get 20 more vacation days a year for it . 
  you calling more free-time and a bit less money `` absolutely hellish '' really shows the different mentality i guess , quite interesting . 
  yeah quite unfortunate for them to not find the natural resource `` european market and education '' like the lucky europeans ... 
  honestly though , you are factually right but i dont think you can just take all the responsibility away from the afghans . 
  they could have access to the `` middle eastern/central asian market and education '' if they developed that instead of being busy with religious and ethnic conflicts . 
   antagonize our foreign allies because merkel isnt doing exactly that right now ? 
  trying to go against every single other eu-country ? 
  yeah im sure flooding the continent with foreigners against the will of everyone else does wonders for our reputation . 
  well its called northrhine-westfalia but its not really in the north of germany . 
  so would it be easier to travel by car ? 
  speak for yourself , i do care and think its quite interesting to hear about other peoples ancestry . 
  http://www.safeguards.com/securebarrier/floatingbarrier.html looks like a plan b to me, 
  i dont think those people have any realistic chance at studying here . 
  the best they can hope for is learning a trade/doing an apprenticeship . 
  industry , often chemicals or a distinct , sharp smell of steel if something like [ this ] ( http://www.stahlseite.de/eisenwerk-bruehl8951g.jpg ) is around . 
  with the countryside i associate the smell of a [ pine-forest ] ( http://img.fotocommunity.com/sonnenaufgang-durch-den-tannenwald-091b5ea1-b438-49f4-b60c-f371f885fa73.jpg ) , freshly mown [ grass ] ( http://guten-tach.de/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/2015_06_stra%c3%9fendienst_21.jpg ) or the inevitable [ liquid manure ] ( http://ais.badische-zeitung.de/piece/00/77/9e/3b/7839291.jpg ) . 
  how does the last point make any sense at all ? 
  why would we exchange syrians for other syrians ? 
   some countries have a darker history than others . 
  that obviously doesnt mean that people today have to feel guilty about something that happened long before they were born . 
  ftfy , i thought we were over the whole guilt thing . 
  maybe you didnt mean todays people with `` guilty '' , nvm my comment then . 
  provoke the police and act as violent and aggressive as possible 2 . police fires tear gas 3 . quickly shove some women and children to the frontline 4 . get some nice striking pictures for the bleeding-heart europeans sounds effective to me, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there are twice as many people that dont want any refugees than there are people who want an unlimited number . 
  considering we got over a million last year , 200k would be a very significant reduction . 
  yeah technically its a `` baked-products-shop '' and not a real bakery , in my experience its usually still called `` b\u00e4ckerei '' though . 
  there is a bakery in most grocery stores here though . 
  how come the argument of : `` we cant stop literally every single illegal immigrant , therefore we shouldnt even try to do anything ! '', 
  is so prevalent ? 
  making clear that people wont get any benefits and will be sent back is the first step , that would already discourage lots of people from coming . 
  next step would be closing borders , obviously we cant catch 100 % of the illegal immigrants but definitely a significant amount . 
  if necessary , up the amount of police in the streets that make passport controls . 
  all those points will decrease the amount of incoming people , definitely better than not doing anything . 
  in germany the 4 final exams make up 1/3 of the final grade , the performance in the last 2 school years the other 2/3 . 
  i went to a gymnasium right next to a hauptschule . 
  people who end up there pretty much dont care about their future it seems like . 
  it was like 70 % turks/arabs and a cesspool of harrassment and violence . 
  how they treated their teachers was absolutely crazy to see , really no envy to people who need to interact with that part of society on a daily basis . 
  well thats anecdotal evidence , skewed by the fact that you mostly know a certain demographic . 
  looking at discussions on facebook its a overwhelming majority against the current refugee-policy , and im not only talking about my circle of friends but the comment section of any picture/video/article about refugees is really one-sided . 
  * directly * inciting violence , if you want to be that specific . 
  there seems to be quite a lot of misunderstanding regarding the freedom of speech , or the lack of it here . 
  stuff that gets deleted is mostly inciting violence like `` time to fire the gas chambers up again '' or `` got the molotov-cocktails ready '' as a reaction to a new refugee-shelter for example . 
  man i was young and went with pretty high expectations . 
  atleast saw some cool elks though . 
  huh , did you by any chance reply to the wrong comment ? 
  i agree with all your points . 
  actually you got that a bit wrong . 
  there is only plenty of money to supply foreigners , everything else gets cut . 
  just look at the pathetic state of the bundeswehr for example . 
   clearly a retarded scum party  lower themselves to their level crazy that there are people who unironically say stuff like this and feel like the good guys . 
  no wonder the current situation if this is the level of political discussion some germans apparently prefer . 
  heh yeah i actually have a can of bear-spray i bought for camping in sweden . 
  interesting to think about what will happen once the refugees manage to piss off all the voluntary social workers . 
  they will probably try to abuse the military as refugee-workers even more , not sure how sustainable that will be . 
  we are in for a wild ride . 
  yeah most comments just expressed fear and anger about the future . 
  well it was mostly just one guy and everyone else attacked him for it , the overwhelming majority commented anti-refugee opinions . 
  will be interesting to see how it turns out , there is a bit of hope still . 
  i dont know what you are trying to prove me here ... its a fact that there are many german students in hungary studying medicine . 
  a big part of them wouldnt get a spot in german universities since you need pretty much perfect grades . 
  you dont need a scholarship , just money . 
  not judging your education standards , i have no knowledge about them , but lots of people study abroad because they dont have the necessary grades to study here . 
  usually yes , like rushing out of nuclear energy after people got scared because of fukushima . 
  but it seems like the refugee-situation might be the first time she is actually emotionally invested in something . 
  so because we cant keep out 100 % we shouldnt even try ? 
  what the actual fuck . 
  if we make clear that they are in fact not as welcome as some people make them believe , more of them will choose to stay in refugee camps in lebanon/turkey etc. 
  if we make clear there will be no welfare for new arrivers , more will choose to stay in their home countries like pakistan/albania etc. 
  if we actually deport people and control the borders , we couldnt catch every illegal immigrant but still a relevant amount . 
  the white lines are borders, 
  yeah media and people use `` right-wing '' and `` nazi '' interchangeably . 
  what makes you think refugees have to work ? 
  and even if they would be forced to work , why do you expect people with no language knowledge , no real degree and no skills to be anything other than low-paid workers ? 
  you also make it sound like having a low-paid job is like a death sentence . 
  i work part-time at a supermarket and there are like 10 middle-aged german fulltime working cashiers . 
  do they get paid well ? 
  not really . 
  are they able to live quite comfortably and feel like a part of the country ?
