  im pretty sure most people dont complain about the ethnicity but about the lifestyle . 
  of course nobody cares about `` gypsies '' who send their children to school , work a job , dont steal or beg obnoxiously etc. 
  was expecting neuer to take one way earlier honestly, 
  yeah but you rarely get matches with that much on the line , the pressure on those guys was insane . 
   turks do to themselves in germany they really make a point of feeling and identyfing themselves as `` foreigner '' . 
  they speak their own ghetto-german , make fun of the kartoffeln/almans ( their version of saying `` kraut '' ) and in general like to stick together in large groups and behave in aggressive , arrogant and unpleasant ways . 
  with `` they '' i mean parts of the young people of turkish descent , there are obviously other parts who stay away from that `` foreigner '' self-identification and manage to get along with germans perfectly well . 
  yeah its a bit weird to me too . 
  like [ this ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/679531/migrant-crisis-five-million-new-eu-citizens-given-right-enter-britain ) article talking about how the eu is giving so many new passports to non-european-foreigners , when the country who with [ almost 25 % ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2014/11/20/citizen-gain---which-eu-countries-are-handing-out-the-most-new-passports/ ) issues the most of any european country is actually the uk ... 
  i guess in the end its mostly a pride thing about being independent from the continentals . 
  denmark isnt allowed to do that though , the dark blue text refers to monaco , san marinio and vatican city . 
  your blue line is `` eu '', 
  eh its not the overwhelming majority of eu-passports , just 20 % . 
  still more than anyone else though . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2014/11/20/citizen-gain---which-eu-countries-are-handing-out-the-most-new-passports/ ) is an older article about the topic . 
  since most of this is about muslims , arent most british muslims immigrants from commonwealth countries that arrived without any involvement of the eu ? 
  how much immigration/islamification/whatever is actually forced upon the uk by the eu to ( apparently ) make it such an important reason for brexit ? 
  the original claim was that germany is trying to bring down southern europe and profit off of it . 
  how is germany taking the burden of housing refugees away from greece etc and onto themselves an example of that ? 
  look who 's talking ... 
  do you agree with the cop saying that the smuggler is the killer in that situation ? 
  what about the parents who brought their kid into that situation ? 
  in this video there are refugees saying they would rather risk it and die in the sea than stay in turkey , so its unlikely that the parents were completely oblivious about the dangers . 
  what are your thoughts ? 
  where do we stop though ? 
  take in all of afghanistan too ? 
  iraq ? 
  libya ? 
  eritrea ? 
  what if boko haram gets even more out of hand , take in 170 million nigerians ? 
  yeah you literally are not allowed an opinion on an ideology unless you interact with its followers atleast 10 times per day . 
  eh , traditional german cuisine isnt really eaten daily if at all . 
  pizza and pasta are already the most common food, 
  the tourist - / fastfood is amazing though . 
  yeah but thats absolutely wrong , the us is nowhere near 8 % but rather 5 % at the moment . 
  telenor gets blown out of the water in revenue and market cap by at&t and verizon . 
  its not even a comparison , they are an order of magnitude apart . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_telephone_operating_companies and seriously , you think a state owned oil company and an aluminium company with less than 30k employees are comparable to google or facebook ? 
  europe has some great companies sure , but the best and most dominant ones are from the us . 
  yeah id be okay with building our own nukes , but france and ( maybe ) the uk would have us convered in the meantime im pretty sure, 
   starve to death ridiculous statement . 
  and its not only about starting your own business . 
  for highly educated and ambitious people the us has the best job opportunities by far . 
   people who prefer a market as free as possible with higher risk and chances can go to the us , people who prefer more social security , which means less risk but also less chances , can go to europe . 
  exactly . 
  but people here just circlejerk about how much better europe is in every possible way . 
  its all pointing out the negatives of the us and leaving out the advantages . 
  but still , look at the most important companies worldwide . 
  europe is nowhere to be seen there . 
  where is europes apple microsoft google facebook amazon ? 
   our country has fallen behind not just norway but also canada , denmark , and switzerland . 
  thats a tiny percentage of europe , you just proved yourself that the us is by large more innovative . 
  how would be probability differ from the ratio ? 
  i know what it means , but it seems incorrect to me after checking some sources . 
  even for 2015 . 
  the cia factbook has usa at 4.7 and germany at 4.3 for 2016 . 
  for 2015 it was usa 5.3 to germany 4.6 . 
  im still not seeing the 37 % difference . 
  wouldnt really suprise me , they drive a lot more , bigger cars and dont use public transportation as much . 
  and fuel is way cheaper . 
  who cares though , its just some americans and pictures like this wont change their mind anyways . 
  it just seems arrogant and makes a bad comparison without factoring in lots of other variables . 
  yeah thats why im confused , no way you are 37 % more likely to be unemployed in the us . 
  isnt us unemployment under 5 % and germany above 6 % ? 
  russia = italy , done . 
  regular california is roughly twice as big, 
  nah , but people who get so aggressive about them for no reason might want to rethink their priorities . 
  lmao so you have no idea what you are talking about but need to throw insults around ? 
  grow up kid , you are not that important, 
  they do that in italy too ? 
  thought it was an american thing , here it either goes to the neighbours or to a post station . 
  sweden is way bigger than germany with a small fraction of the population . 
  poland is equally sized but with half as many people as germany . 
  there is just not enough empty space . 
  not every country is as spacious as the usa . 
  yeah and my point is that this is the case for every country . 
  completely random violence is rare , most of it happens inbetween certain groups of people/criminals . 
  never understood this argument . 
  why would it be different in other countries ? 
  of course murder and violence is connected to someones surroundings . 
  he mixed up perch and zander , perch is the one with stripes . 
  yeah if enough people want to , which is not the case, 
  holy shit thats so cool , i would watch all of that if it had subtitles, 
  they literally just want to destroy stuff for fun i think . 
  the increase or just shear amount of young muslim/african people is extremely noticeable , at least where i live . 
  yeah its quite crazy , i live near cologne and the amount of foreigners is mind-boggling . 
  i especially noticed it when i had some days off , in public transport around noon the only german/white people i saw where some 70 + old guys . 
  but plenty of young african men or mothers with children . 
  or when i had an appointment at my bank , me and the employees were almost the only white/german people there , people withdrawing money were only women in headscarfs . 
  its just true though , you can act offended all you want, 
  do you realize how our demographic is developing ? 
  there are more deaths than births , but the population is rising due to immigration . 
  im no expert but i think there are ways to make it work . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.forschungsstellerekultivierung.de/einfuehrung-1/introduction.html ) is an intersting link about the topic . 
  almost all lakes around here where people go swimming and fishing and stuff were creating by flooding mines . 
  very true , there would be almost no lakes around here in nrw if not for those artificial ones . 
  mostly gravel pits but coal too . 
   wayyyyy more hours the data shown doesnt allow that conclusion at all . 
  it includes part-time work as well , the average work week of full-time employees is pretty similar , like 2 hours more for greece . 
  i think the `` work smarter '' comments are a bit tongue in cheek , because the data is just bullshit and doesnt allow a comparison , but everyone jumps on it because its a nice opportunity of bashing germany .
