  because its not a zero sum game . 
  i wrote a less simplified version of my statement a bit above . 
  it boils down to the fact that in a lot of cases less than 50 % of our equipment is actually usable , and we have incredibly low amounts of stored ammunition . 
  we also have to rely on americans to transport our troops from germany to afghanistan for example , or evacuate wounded soldiers in a combat situations . 
  all in all the bundeswehr lacks in amount of equipment and ammunition , determination of officials , funding , logistical capabilities and has also huge problems finding motivated young/qualified people . 
  in my opinions this is a ridiculous situation . 
  well i can trust our military to have good intentions and attitude ( which i do ) . 
  i can also trust our military to be able to defend the country properly or atleast put up a good fight for the size of our country ( which i definitely dont ) . 
  so yeah they should specify the question it can be interpreted in different ways . 
  yeah i agree i think its similar with our army . 
  though maybe we just have a huge population of people who just categorically hate on military in general ? 
  same as everyone else i guess : growing pacifist feelings and hate of everything military related in some parts of the population , and trying to save money . 
  lots of people think war in europe is a problem of the past and is a non-issue today . 
  nah i actually dont hate myself , i do think the bundeswehr is in a laughably sorry state though . 
  what i find hilarious is how many germans try to show everyone how they dont feel superior at all and have no nationalistic feelings , but as soon as there is even the slightest criticism they sperg out and argue how germany is literally perfect in every way possible . 
   top notch equipment in theory , but not in sufficient quantity . 
  we also have almost nonexistent ammunition-storage , its actually absolutely [ ridiculous . 
  thats it . 
  we can fully charge up our 5 ships with missiles once , and thats it . 
  we can intercept 12 enemy-missiles with all our patriot systems combined , then we are out of ammo . 
   regularly shows skills in international exercises what does it matter if one single leopard 2 crew wins a `` competition '' , or some special-forces guys are good marksmen . 
  it really doesnt say much about the actual war-capabilities of the bundeswehr . 
   has actually fought wars with minimal losses afghanistan was an absolute shitshow . 
  constant haggling about sending heavy equipment since that would look like we are fighting a war , which everyone was afraid to admit . 
  we still never deployed any mbts , and relied on american air support , logistic support and medevac . 
  like in [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ehgzspjtqe ) engagement , german paratroopers get ambushed and fight 9 hours without any air support until they get bailed out by american rescue-helicopters . 
  yeah same , im confident about the good intentions of the bundeswehr , but competence or capabilities ? 
  lmao, 
  hehe i just picked some of the trades who have like 25 % open apprentice spots , didnt intend to meme him . 
  well im sure there are jobs for that too , i just wanted to show some options since you might have been serious but i guess you were just joking so nevermind then . 
  arguably its better for us if some people come here to claim benefits , it creates work for local businesses and the money atleast partly stays in our system . 
  footing ( a large part of ) the welfare-bill ( which will have to be raised substantially ) for millions of europeans in their homecountry instead of tens/hundreds of thousands here in germany sounds like a very shitty deal to me . 
  hey you dont even need to go that far m8 , there are already lots of your countrymen here and there are still plenty of jobs . 
  minimum wage is atleast 1k $ monthly ( if you work 40 hours a week ) after taxes , and if you can drive a lorry for example you pretty much dont need any german . 
  you could also learn a trade , for example lots of bakers/butchers/plumbers are in dire need of new apprentices . 
  that would be a good option if you are looking for more long-term opportunities with better future perspective than unskilled min-wage jobs . 
  good one lol, 
  where im from we only have them in trains . 
  lots of people also have those credit-card looking long-term tickets that dont need validating , you just quickly hold them up for the driver to see while entering . 
  you are completely derailing the original argument now which was about if its allowed to get into the car to run over someone wielding a machete . 
   if you simply pick up a weapon ( stick , kitchen knife , key ring , springerstiefel [ wtf german law ? ] ), 
  to defend someone against an unarmed attacker you could be charged . 
  if you see someone getting beaten bloody by an unarmed attacker , you are absolutely in your right to grab a weapon and use it . 
  again , you dont have to risk an even fight with uncertain outcome . 
  no , but you posted the law yourself : you have to choose the mildest method available that is * equally * suitable to fend off the attacker . 
  you do not have to take any risks of a fight with uncertain outcome . 
  see [ here ] ( http://www.wiete-strafrecht.de/user/darstellung/stgb/32%20stgb.html#wahl_des_abwehrmittels ) for another source . 
  so if you have access to a gun or a car you do not have to risk getting up close and personal in a fistfight with a guy wielding a machete . 
  if you are standing there with nothing but your cars keys in hand , of course its allowed to enter the car and run over a guy with a deadly wepaon in hand . 
  you definitely cant just buy a gun , you need 12-months of membership in a shooting-club and atleast 18 times documented shooting practice under supervision . 
   the gun licence takes shorter to get then a driver 's license and then you can buy what you want . 
  wrong  i personally dont about the time it takes then why are you spreading information without checking ? 
  a gun-license requires a whole year of membership and consistent ( 18 times atleast ) shooting practice under supervision in a shooting club . 
  obviously you need a clean criminal record and no history of addiction or mental illness ( so the munich gunman would have been out since he was in psychiatric treatment ) . 
  you also cant buy `` what you want '' , there is a list of allowed weapons for sport shooting of which you can buy only 2 guns in a span 6 months up to a maximum of 3 long-weapons and 2 short-weapons in total . 
  if you are under 21 years old you can also only buy a caliber of 5.6 mm or less . 
  maybe he just admired mass killers and didnt care that much about the background ? 
  no that was just the guy filming , the guy shouting was someone else and spoke with distinct bavarian dialect . 
  some eyewitnesses wrongly reported multiple gunmen at multiple locations , so the police was still on the hunt long after the actual gunman was dead . 
  its quite a tiny difference , and there are also countries without concealed carry for self defense with the same rate as czech republic ( spain , poland , netherlands ) or even lower ( austria , switzerland , norway , iceland ) . 
  so i dont think you really proved a correlation between concealed carry and homicide rate . 
  yeah maybe the sachkundepr\u00fcfung is not that hard , but proving that you actually need weapons is time and money consuming . 
  you need to either get a hunting license ( way over 2000 $ ) and prove that you actively hunt , or you need to be an active member of a `` shooting-club '' for atleast a year and go to shooting practice ( with weapons you dont own ) like every other week . 
  and shooting clubs will very quickly throw you out if you behave weirdly or dont participate in their traditions . 
  not that difficult to get one ? 
  what ? 
  you need one year of consistent shooting practice and the people from the shooting club have to give you permission and could kick you out if you behave weirdly . 
  its a claim by erdogan supporters , not confirmed, 
  that is actually the difference between the speed of light and sound i believe . 
  in a lightning storm the thunder also arrives quite a while after you saw the lightning strike . 
  https://twitter.com/bm21_grad/status/754051534086897664 helicopters firing, 
  sure we can talk about limiting new immigration and refugees . 
  but what do we do with people born here or living here for decades ? 
  spd , csu and die gr\u00fcnen are all involved too . 
  why do you think they are talking nonsense ? 
  what should the reaction be if visits are denied ? 
  what would be a reasonable and appropriate reaction of a parlamental army that cant visit its own soldiers abroad in your opinion ? 
  i personally dont see another option than withdrawing the troops eventually if visits keep getting denied . 
   throw away gas on fire if the alternative is denying a genocide i think it is the right decision , and if the consecuence is that we cant visit our soldiers the only reasonable option imo is bringing them back home . 
  yes but their reactions to the recognition of the armenian genocide show unpredictability and potential danger , we should not station our soldiers there if our responsible members of parlament are not allowed to visit them . 
  not if they dont allow our defense-ministry delegates to visit our soldiers . 
  \\  get butthurt about german politicians recognizing a genocide , throw hissy fits , insult , try to hinder them from visiting their own soldiers \\  they finally get fed up with it and dont want their soldiers in turkey anymore \\  wow wtf not real allies not trustworthy fuck germany amk, 
  i would say its pretty fucking good if an isis-soldier dies for example . 
  i also dont think its too far fetched that people dislike the practice of torturing animals for fun and develop some kind of hatred for the people doing it . 
  [ nice bait ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/685/579/544.png ), 
  they also decimated the german population from 16,5 million to 10,5 million in the 30-year-war . 
  mostly indirect through hunger , sickness cold etc but still . 
   same cost of living as every other resident . 
  yeah in theory , but take the chinese community in prato as an example . 
  most are illegal immigrants , working 14 hours a day under unsafe conditions , sleeping in a cubicle in the factory , and earning max . 
  1500 $ a month . 
  which is quite low for european standards but still a lot for chinese . 
  i dont really like that line . 
  there can be both happening at the same time . 
  in germany for example : refugees are on welfare , eu-migrants come to work . 
  the concern might be less `` stealing jobs '' since there are enough offerings , but possibly about driving down wages and living conditions . 
  for example seasonal workers working on the fields , they often live in shitty , small caravans for a couple of months and get a low wage , but still accept the conditions since its worth it for them once they return home with the money . 
  now there isnt much competition from german fruit-pickers , but the same concept could happen with maybe indian it-workers , chinese engineers or w/e . 
  i suggest to read a bit about [ prato ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-italy-sweatshop-insight-idusbre9bs04d20131229 ) if you are interested in that topic . 
  so i dont think you should just brush away all concerns about immigration , there are legit dangers and problems that need to be addressed .
