only because medicine has advanced so much recently i 'd imagine . 
  90 % burns has around 85 % mortality rate , so it 's unlikely . 
  nhs does n't feed people . 
  i do n't care . 
  why do n't you ? 
  well , we already do . 
  aid money . 
  because we have no control over the land ? 
  do n't be a cunt , we have no control over other countries . 
  just throwing my opinion in . 
  the world is n't united yet . 
  no , but there 's a correlation between the two . 
  he did n't say only brits , he said people who live in britain ... 
  the myth that privatisation improves efficiency needs to stop . 
  helped with rebuilding infrastructure , but did little to rebuild the economy . 
  nah buddy , country was ruined by bombing . 
  lucky up here in scotland we were relatively untouched , by england got wrecked with the financing of the war , as well as rebuilding infrastructure . 
  big military forces are n't cheap :(, 
  edinburgh is lovely . 
  cardiff is also fantastic . 
  i 'm not sure what to suggest for england to be honest . 
  true , but ni is still recent history . 
  absolutely . 
  i agree with his anti-war points and anti-israel points , but then he goes and ruins them by refusing to speak to israelis . 
  it 's quite sad because he could potentially bring a lot of clarity and an alternate view to british politics , yet he just falls short . 
  my problem is that he does make some really good points in his debates , but then goes so horribly wrong with his actions and comments . 
  lives have been lost over flags in ni . 
  ca n't be too careful . 
  only in ni . 
  happy independence day , 
  in my city it 's around # 10 ( 12.5 euro ) for an adult ticket . 
  not even a big city either . 
  with you on that one buddy . 
  actually , scottish mps were the only reason that england has increased tuition fees , which is disgusting . 
  did you actually read the article ? 
  for one , it was talking about europe as a whole , rather than a single state . 
  by the way , it 's also that attitude which has created all this huff about immigration , because this attitude dismiss the fact that there is a problem . 
  its the reason that far right parties are gaining popularity in the uk , sweden , denmark , germany and france . 
  people do n't like being ignored in a `` democracy '', 
  because putin does not care about your words . 
  that 's why he is now in control of crimea . 
  still not as clear cut as that , though . 
  i find my lack of french language skills very disturbing . 
  apparently you 're the most arrogant , and the least arrogant . 
  it 's historically inaccurate , wrong and silly . 
  tazers still are n't very common . 
  but there were also no deaths in that number of operations . 
  why carry guns if you do n't need to ? 
  giving a gun to every member of the police is quite frankly a recipe for disaster , as there will always be one person willing to abuse their powers . 
  blood takeaway culture . 
  it 's even worse in scotland . 
  it 's horrible , and action needs to be taken . 
  yeah but finland is still the one with the balls . 
  looks so pretty with all the snow . 
  yeah but i consider my self british too . 
  we get exactly the same end of the stick . 
  i 've visited hinkley point b in the uk . 
  very interesting , they do guided tours of the plant . 
  had to go through a bunch of background checks , and also had to bring photographic id . 
  everything always boils down to hitler and the nazis . 
  i 'm not sure you realise this , but germans and austrians , ase in fact , not nazis . 
  what a silly and immature statement to make . 
  you also have to remember not all people who vote for a certain party are xenophobic . 
  it helps . 
  name once where i said the people of scotland suffered war . 
  i said the balkans and the caucasus and georgia , not scotland . 
  do i have to spell it out for you ? 
  making claims that europeans are ignorant of warfare when in many areas war was only a few years ago , is just silly . 
  europe does n't end at germany you know . 
  i did n't claim i ever did . 
  i never once said `` i '' or referred to myself . 
  piss off , you fucking troll . 
  very few people in london voted for the tories or ukip . 
  are you actually delusional ? 
  with the balkan wars 20 years ago , numerous border clashes in the caucasus , including the georgian war 6 years ago , war is still real for many people . 
  british museum mostly displays shit we stole from other people , 
  they 're just jealous . 
  i like it when it 's all lit up . 
  thank you , sir , for the laughs . 
  the one at bridgwater ( hinkley point b ) does , i 've been there . 
  around a year ago my piece of shit internet was around 32kb/s download speed . 
  did n't even cut off though , so there 's that . 
  i really depends on where you go . 
  people are still split on the issue , however most people are just apathetic . 
  they simply do n't care enough to voice their opinions , which is sad really . 
  makes it seem like one opinion dominates all when it 's not the case . 
  clearly you 've never met colin furze . 
  he 's a bit insane . 
  look at his youtube channel . 
  hey , you take a step back with the hostility . 
  nowhere in my comment was i an advocate for doing nothing . 
  while we still have fptp systems , smaller parties have their voices castrated . 
  well , not to that extent that european nations do . 
  but then again , americans do n't really have regional cultures , like many european states , such as bavarian , scottish , basques , etc, 
  not sure how that 's relevant to wales . 
  it shows how little he knows when he 's pushing for the opposite . 
  is that what you said to the blacks ? 
  there 's a referendum scheduled . 
  maybe you should stop whining . 
  the thing that really pisses me off is that she lost her job after the attack due to stress .
