  what the fucking fuck . 
  deport these scum . 
  similar to fn , yes . 
  i did n't downvote you , i 've no idea who did . 
  no , they 're entirely different things . 
  state schools are run & funded by the government , public schools are paid education , like a boarding school , attended by the elite . 
  do n't be a cunt . 
  butthurt detected, 
  not necessarily . 
  does n't make it that right thing to do . 
  with that logic you could call eu member states colonies , but you do n't because that 's a stupid thing to say . 
  i 'd say when 66 % of the population did n't vote they did n't do a proper job . 
  well , we get italy !, 
  france = europe . 
  if you have a foot fetish you go to the netherlands , 
  it 's not that absolute though . 
  many consider everything east of germany , austria and italy to be eastern europe . 
  others do n't . 
  some consider turkey to be part of europe . 
  some do n't . 
  some consider the uk to be northern european . 
  many do n't , etc. 
  as well as cambridgeshire . 
  mate , french are n't cowards . 
  lol , have you ever been to london or glasgow ? 
  honestly , nato military target spendings are made a mockery of right now . 
  and then you get eastern europe complaining to the us , france and the uk . 
  i do n't see why these countries should have to pick up the slack . 
  everyone should be pulling their own weight . 
  why should i say please when you 've been expressing clear anti-british sentiment throughout this topic ? 
  the rudeness started with the way you clearly feel on this matter , so do n't try and even turn this around on me . 
  alright , no need to be rude . 
  why should i look for sources ? 
  you 're the one trying to prove a point to me using an illegitimate source . 
  nice sources m8 . 
  try not to use wikipedia when you show them to me . 
  the uk was n't ready for war at the outbreak of the war . 
  remember that poland was occupied in around 3 weeks . 
  how were we supposed to muster our armed forces and provide support for poland in 3 weeks ? 
  dunkirk went really well for the allies did n't it ? 
  now imagine a similar incident in poland , where naval dominance would have been less certain , and we did n't have air superiority . 
  in short , just under 200,000 troops were saved , but the loss if military equipment was staggering , 145 aircraft , 200 allied sea craft . 
  i 'm going to copy paste the supplies lost . 
  the bef lost 68,000 soldiers ( dead , wounded , missing , or captured ) from 10 may until the surrender of france on 22 june . 
  [ 86 ] all the heavy equipment had to be abandoned . 
  left behind in france were 2,472 guns , 20,000 motorcycles , and almost 65,000 other vehicles ; also abandoned were 416,000 short tons ( 377,000 t ) of stores , more than 75,000 short tons ( 68,000 t ) of ammunition and 162,000 short tons ( 147,000 t ) of fuel . 
  [ 87 ] almost all of the 445 british tanks that had been sent to france with the bef were abandoned . 
  [ 88 ] a similar situation in poland could have honestly bought an allied loss of ww2 as the soviets and us were n't yet involved in the war . 
  just like how russia bought stability and safety under the iron curtain , right ? 
  i hate these stupid debates . 
  you have a bunch of armchair theorists claiming that they know best , as if it was an option at the time . 
  everyone acted in the way that they thought was best , no need to keep dwelling on the past . 
  france was ruined after 5 years of occupation , uk economy in shambles , without the us there was no realistic chance of any action against the soviets . 
  if you 're referring to world war i and ii , then it was probably because they were against most of the world 's military both times . 
  not joining the euro , thanks . 
  what happens if the safety net goes then ? 
  i disagree . 
  i think salmond is trying to stir the masses . 
  only for another 40 or 50 years . 
  actually he has a very valid point . 
  we ca n't have our cake and eat it as well . 
  most countries opt out of certain policies . 
  we just opt out of slightly more . 
  hit the nail on the head . 
  ukip and the tories pretty much split their voting base between them , and the lib dems have never been as big as labour . 
  to be honest , i do n't believe the eu will activate the guillotine clause , without some other kind of agreement . 
  if they do , then i 'm voting to leave , as they would be doing something they are fundamentally against . 
  yes , snp wants to remain part of the eu . 
  this will probably mean the negotiation of new treaties as we will not be able to continue with the status quo of the u.k 's agreement . 
  still voting no, 
  he 's certainly making them feel welcome . 
  midlands has also suffered heavily . 
  i visited my friend who attends university in birmingham , and some areas are deep in poverty . 
  apparently it 's similar in many other places like derby too . 
  thanks . 
  now my skype profile picture . 
  thank you , 
  the german band helloween has written an album ( keeper of the seven keys ) that it considered one of the best , if not the best albums in power metal . 
  definitely . 
  could be much worse however . 
  i agree . 
  some people are really just unemployable , and the only way that companies can justify hiring them is that they do n't cost the company too much . 
  i argue that a higher minimum wage actually causes more pressure in the work environment too , as with a higher minimum wage companies are much more ruthless about the standard of work they will receive , as they are paying larger amounts for it . 
  well , london is a global centre of commerce ... only natural for the wealth to be higher in those areas . 
  not saying its right , and the government do need to address these issues but there it is . 
  when will he see that it 's not eu migrants that are the problem ? 
  because london is a shithole . 
  got any evidence apart from armchair theories ? 
  yes . 
  pagan priestesses , i want some of that . 
  mr denham was told by one of his constituents , `` it 's not the migrants i do n't like , it 's the migration . '' this sentence pretty much sums up how most of the uk feels toward immigration . 
  ireland would also benefit . 
  instead , people just drank shitty home-made alcohol that was extremely dangerous . 
  it 's when you see what they 're protesting about ( the protest had a series of demands calling for the university to pay sick pay to cleaners and asking the university to take a stand on the `` marketisation '' of higher education ) that you know it 's even more fucked up . 
  heil london, 
  you seem to be forgetting the turkish immigrants in europe . 
  no , you misunderstand me ... a closer relationship between turkey and the eu is surely a good thing ? 
  one step closer to the eu , is that such a bad thing ? 
  the north remains strong . 
  yay , go tories ... :(,
