according to him atat\u00fcrk was a megomaniac who stole greek culture . 
  and he somewhat made the whole thing about white guilt in the end . 
  adding to the equation his anti-turk post history it seems telling him anything to change his opinions is futile . 
  at most we can correct his claims and be reasonable so that random people wo n't believe his propaganda . 
  but atat\u00fcrk did n't hate those ethnicities in the first place . 
  nah , you are getting downwoted because all you do is spread your anti-turk copy pasta propagandas that we have seen a thousand times before . 
  it 's literally all you post . 
  i do n't see any turkish users support this ultranationalist group , do you ? 
  what you are doing is n't simply criticising `` turkish nationalism '' , it 's obvious . 
  increasing purchasing power does n't necessarily increase birthrate . 
  japan is an example for it , just like european countries in which the population segments with higher earnings have less children on average . 
  also there is africa , with it 's high birthrates in most of it 's countries , in which purchasing power is low . 
  if anything poorer people tend to have more children . 
  i have my doubts about greek cypriots not wanting greek influence in cyprus , and turkey probably has as well , but even if it 's the majority opinion , cypriots not wanting greek interference does n't guarantee greek non-interference . 
  also i do n't think my argument was as simple as you make it to be . 
  and next you 'll claim we taught you colonization and slavery , right ? 
  also namibia says hello . 
  noone believes they were tricked , not even most of their supporters . 
  it 's simply easier and safer to say you were tricked than saying you were corrupt etc. 
  i 'm curious , if cyprus unifies would n't that mean turkey would lose control but greece would n't ? 
  i mean if we ca n't have a military base there with an agreement , we likely never will , but greece can , because the majority of the island is greek , and parties they support will get to rule and give permission to greece . 
  in the end , if we accept the current greek demands cyprus will remain a greek puppet but not a turkish one . 
  it wo n't be sovereign the way you imply it to be . 
  i do n't think turkey can accept this as a `` solution '' . 
  nato is n't an ideology club reserved for democracies , i do n't see why you bring this up ? 
  coups protecting secularism in turkey is a myth . 
  the 1980 coup gave islamists free reign while undermining/weakening leftists and to a certain degree even nationalists . 
  it 's not a brigade , you 're simply talking without knowing and then dismiss the corrections . . 
  it 's complicated . 
  firstly , we use that argument when people try to judge ottoman empire by todays morals , standards etc. 
  without considering what other empires of that time period were like . 
  also many people in this sub talk about `` muslim invasion '' when talking about ottoman empire , simplifying a complex nation , and it 's politics , to fit in their `` clash of civilizations '' kind of ideology . 
  also if ottoman expansion in balkans was a muslim invasion , then would n't the european expansion through the world be a `` christian invasion '' ? 
  yet they never call it that . 
  it 's hypocrisy . 
  secondly , there is hate against ottoman empire , bu it is mostly in `` traditional left '' circles . 
  socialists , communists and some liberals . 
  they , for the most part think that denouncing our past is something positive , and they are the ones who judge history with todays world outlook the most . 
  worst of all , they do n't consider what other empires were up to in that time period , as if our country was the only one doing atrocities . 
  it does have an effect , even if it does n't reverse the course right now , it still slows down the reactionary change . 
  it shows akp they ca n't rush it . 
  it was a substantial event , even if it did n't create a `` substantial change '' . 
  also it did stop the construction of the cannonneer barracks , it may be small , but it has symbolical value . 
  i know i may be being too optimistic though . 
  are you sure you are talking about chp ? 
  if anything they sometimes hate it too much , by trying to judge it 's actions by todays morals . 
   i had a vague impression that gulenists were supposed to stand for `` modernised islam '' . 
  is that at all accurate ? 
  they certainly do n't have that kind of image here in turkey . 
  for many turks , the `` modernized islam '' would not have a cult leader , which is something gulenists have , it 's in their name , gulen . 
  also their newspapers were rather anti secular and islamist , more so than some of the pro government newspapers . 
  this does n't help their image of being `` modern '' either . 
  do they have a `` modern '' image in the west , or your country ? 
   in what way were gulenists a threat to akp ? 
  well , for starters they had infiltrated the army . 
  this was something akp used to it 's benefit , in which secularist influence in the army decreased , and many trials in which gulenists orchestrated with akp , many army officers etc. 
  were jailed or lost their jobs . 
  but as it happens often , when two allied factions dismantle their common enemies , they turned on each other for the spoils . 
  they had also infiltrated the party itself , academia , and the judicary system , but tl dr is that both sides wanted to be the one who called the shots . 
  i should note that many people who were gulenists were n't necessarily islamist but were just there for money and power . 
  back when gulenists were popular many akp party members were in it as well , but later on they had to choose sides and it seems to me vast majority choose akp . 
  they were not the main opposition , they were n't even the opposition until a few years back . 
  they used to be close allies , particularly in matters of corruption and embezzlement . 
  also they are islamist and for the most part they are very similar , most people in this march are certainly against gulenists as well . 
  the fallout between gulenists and akp was about power , and gulenist opposition is viewed as too hypocritical to be taken seriously by people belonging to other segments of opposition . 
  well , to a certain degree i agree with you , if a protest that is supposed to be environmentalist turn into anti government i would likely quit that protest under normal circumstances , because having a clear , conscise goal is important , and you would also want pro environmentalist people who are n't anti government in your protest as well . 
  but i do n't think this applies well to gezi . 
  the protests change was organic , it happened only because of governmet response . 
  another important thing about gezi was that it was not exactly a protest `` for '' something , but rather more `` against '' someting . 
  basically if you disagreed with what government was doing you could come whether you were capitalist or socialist , environmentalist or industrialist etc. 
  at least that is how i see it . 
  i do n't see why you think gezi was purposeless or anarchistic . 
  it was originally an environmental and to a certain degree anti islamist protest , and when police suppressed it with excesssive force ; it turned into an anti government oppression , pro democracy protest . 
  it was a culmination of many different angers in the population , united in one protest so it perhaps seems to have many different purposes , ranging from anti islamism to freedom of press , but i think it had a rather simple purpose . 
  also most of the press initially ignoring the protest ironically fueled it 's growth . 
  also , of course if a protest is anti government in anyway , it attracts anarchists but we do n't have many anarchists in turkey , and the protest was too reasonable to be considered anarchistic imo . 
  when dictatorships who had been `` corrosive pain '' fell , they affected europe very negatively . 
  whether it was gaddafi 's fall in libya which opened the flood gates to europe , and the subsequent civil war , or in iraq where saddam 's fall and the power vacuum left by us which facilitated terrorism , instability and again , civil war . 
  and also syria and it 's civil war , and even more refugees . 
  in none of these scenarios `` the west '' benefited , only us did . 
  if you consider europeans as `` fellow westerners '' , and i 'm assuming this because you talked about `` the west '' celebrating , then i believe you should n't dismiss these `` corrosive pains '' lightly . 
  also what i found stereotypical was your attitude of `` not our bullshit '' . 
  it is indeed , to some extent , your bullshit . 
  even if the you are n't likely to get hurt by whatever problems that might arise . 
  wow could you possible be more stereotypical ? 
  i bet you think the same about all the shit your country does in the middle east too . 
  just some entertaining show on the tv , no biggie . 
  it 's not like the bullshit is connected to you in anyway , right ? 
  i like how you accuse him of so many things , based on things he did n't even say . 
  what evil europe and enlightened muslims ? 
  what hamburg ? 
  what ideological warping of history ? 
  also in that time period life for non-muslims in muslim countries was better than life for non christians in christian countries in comparison . 
  that is not islamophilic rewriting that is actual history . 
  the dislike towards him generally stems from his moronic sarikamish offensive , at least in my experience . 
  western nations do n't get fussy about human rights either , as long as the tyrants are in their pocket . 
  back then balkans were the heartland of the empire . 
  it is no coincidence that most of the young turks and later ataturk administration was from the balkans . 
  anatolia was mostly `` backwater '' . 
  while i agree with you , you forgot the third solution .
