  israel and us doing whatever they want , which currently means formation of a `` greater israel '' , a one state solution , at the expense of palestinians . 
   so did jews in the levant they were between 2-7 %  nonsense . 
  muslims are persecuted by ... other muslims . 
  it 's not the mosques in my country that have police stationed outside them . 
  it 's synagogues . 
  and we all know why they are there ... find the constant variable , i suppose the rest of the world is just crazy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ongoing_armed_conflicts wow , are you going to completely ignore the western involvement who creates the backgrounds for conflicts , arms and funds terrorists and terrorist states , create and support tyrants , use these as excuses to invade and exploit even more , create proxy wars , and all the other things i 've stated before ? 
  i bet you belive muslims hate you for your `` freedoms '' . 
  `` arab powers refusing to compromise '' is too much of a simplification that ignores israel and us involvement , and palestinians do n't have some of the highest living standards for arabs if you consider gulf states , but the rest is true . 
  it 's ironic considering israel acts as a us military installation , and does pretty much everything it does with us approval . 
  america is complicit in whatever crimes israel does . 
  the founding principle is not the same , pakistani people already lived there . 
  a closer analogy would be if there had been no muslim state , so , some countries came together and decided to carve hindu land that had almost no muslims to create a muslim country , without regard for the native . 
  also nowadays muslims are more persecuted than jews worldwide , especially when you consider unoffical persecution , done by certain western states . 
  invasions , supporting tyrants , exploiting natural resources etc. 
  please try to consider muslims point of view as well . 
  edit : wrote jews instead of muslims . 
  you know that israeli state almost never gives building permits to palestinians , right ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  pakistan is n't a similar country , its people were already there and muslim . 
  on the other hand israel is a colony state , more similar to us , canada or australia . 
  because they are an apartheid state ? 
  because they colonized that land without regard for natives ? 
  because they constantly ignore their own laws along with international ones ? 
  because they create further instability in the region while trying to expand ? 
  because they are a base for us imperialism ? 
  because they are driven by religious motivations not unlike that of other middle eastern countries ? 
  because they destroyed secular arab nationalism , and supported the growth of radical islam ? 
  choose your pick . 
  i would like to add it 's very hard to get building permits from israel if you are palestinian . 
  is it relevant though ? 
  i do n't see it . 
  also treating articles as silly decorations when inconvenient goes both ways . 
  it 's not that i am worked up , i am simply pointing it out . 
  besides , if us turks do n't comment , comment sections of posts concerning turkey ends up filled with anti-turk propoganda . 
  i do agree it can give a hard time though . 
   lol , state the relevant article then i dare you . 
  there is no article that directly concerns these islands . 
  is n't that the problem here ? 
   the military status of the islands in question did not constitute a serious problem in the bilateral relations until the cyprus crisis of 1974 from what i know , it did constitute a problem . 
  the important thing here is that they broke the treaty . 
   it 's not uninhabited , greek citizens live there . 
  too few of them compared to the turkish side . 
  and less important resources . 
   smyrna is closer to chios than it is to ankara , why should it be turkish ? 
  great way to misrepresent my argument . 
  what i am saying is that greece declares certain zones as their territorial waters and airspace and justifies it by saying it is near their island , while disregarding the fact that those zones are either closer to the turkish mainland , or at an equal distance . 
  also you conveniently forgot that those cleansings were ** started by greece first , and we agreed because both sides wanted a homogenous population . 
  well , what i said only concerned certain hypocrites , not all europeans of course . 
  by `` international community '' do you mean us and britain who would have preferred greece annexing the island ? 
  yeah , they can commit all kinds of crimes but if a `` easten nation '' like us stand for it 's rights , we are the criminals . 
  i do n't need to like erdogan to not support bending over for other countries illegal activities . 
  also i like how you completely gloss over greek attempt to annex the island , and ethnically cleanse it . 
  `` international community '' conveniently forgets that huh ? 
   prove it . 
  how exactly do you expect me to prove this ? 
  by giving you turkish sources ? 
  you will just call them propoganda . 
  and english sources do n't even mention the distance . 
  article 16 is not relevant . 
  these islands are within our frontier laid down by the treaty . 
  article 12 is not relevant either because these islands were out of the scope of island given to greece by said article . 
  as for cyprus , greece had started militarising their islands before the `` invasion '' . 
  also , that greek soil was mostly uninhabited land while on the opposite side was part of turkish heartland . 
  it 's not the same situation . 
  also , greek aircraft flies over turkish airspace as well , and the main reason we fly over greek airspace so much is because we do n't recognize it as greek airspace , it is just as close to turkish land , sometimes even closer , so why should it be greek ? 
  and those cleansings were started by greece first , and we agreed because both sides wanted a homogenous population . 
  it 's not something we are to blame . 
  well , i ca n't blame you , better safe than sorry . 
  but greece breached `` disarmement of the islands '' part of the lausanne treaty and along with the whole attempted annexation of cyprus , turkey does n't have a reason to trust greece either . 
  we 'll cut them all !, 
  changed the subject ? 
  how exactly ? 
  cyprus is good example why we need a good military , otherwise other nations can break treaties , try to annex land , and all we could do is stand by and watch . 
   they 're not . 
  1 ) yes they are . 
  2 ) i do n't know what part of lausanne treaty you are talking about . 
  3 ) according to lausanne treaty all the islands turkey gave to greece were supposed to be disarmed places . 
  instead they armed them and build bases on most of them . 
  should turkey respond appropriately to this `` offensive action '' as well ? 
  also many of those `` greek airspace '' areas we contest is just as close to turkey if not closer to turkey . 
  edit : formatting, 
  they complain about erdogan using nationalistic rhetoric and posturing for getting support from ignorant turkish people , and then use the same kind of nationalistic rhetoric to shit on turkey themselves . 
  they are exactly the same . 
  so we should have let cypriot turks get ethnically cleansed , and let greece break the treaty it signed and annex the island , right ? 
  we should disarm ourselves too , because we do n't need to defend ourselves . 
  turkey is in the wrong no matter what it does , apparently . 
  have you ever heard of a concept called deterrance ? 
  so we invaded greece ? 
  amazing . 
  those little islands are within 6 miles of turkish territorial waters and have not been transfered to greece in the lausanne agreement . 
  so their `` claims '' have legitimacy . 
  nevertheless , it 's not something anyone is going to start a war over . 
  ttip is hardly a free trade agreement though . 
  it is best described as a `` investor rights '' agreement . 
  it is highly protectionistic for the benefit of private corporate power . 
  are they ? 
  i feel like most of us are pessimists . 
  the main problem with the geographic argument is that turks have more in common with the greeks compared to almost everybody in asia . 
  turks are best described as eurasians i guess , but culturally , historically and genetically we are more european than asian . 
  also as you 've said , you can call people asian or african , but unlike the `` european '' identity in europe there is no common concept of `` asian '' identity in asia .
