  every coutry has more isolated and `` traditionally conservative '' areas , except in the balkans that also means `` hate thy neighbor at all costs '' . 
  there is also a big part of the politicians and media that live off the war that ended 25 years ago , by spreading their own propaganda and fear to keep their jobs . 
  edit : to be clear , this is not any touristic areas or cities in any balkan coutry . 
  these are more often small , islolated rural areas , but the balkans have a lot of those and they are told ( often openly , in church ) who to vote for , and they are very , very loyal voters . 
  really , really depends on where in the balkans you were . 
  i was just pointing out this terribly misguided sentence , which can be taken out of context , but also says a lot about how ready for cooperation their / your president is . 
  `` turkey can stand alone '' - famous last words, 
  i saw one short person . 
  second most numerous . 
  because noone ever did this research and we only trust the best of croatia 's labs to research the effect on the unique croatian bodies that we have . 
  [ anthony bourdain - no reservations - croatian coast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=outttuu9xle ), 
  got a source on this ? 
  off the charts :d, 
  i play ck2 religiously, 
  that 's very nice startup capital for any business, 
  because it 's that good . 
  soooo they are predetermined, 
  do n't know about the paper but i think it 's a clever ad . 
   croatia yeah for croatia is says : safety equipment for cars - first-aid kit - warning triangle - reflective ** vest ** in the car - spare bulbs ( except for cars with xenon , neon or led bulbs ) so i would say it 's not required in cro . 
  there are two capitals each year , and my hometown - rijeka , croatia is sharing 2020 with galway . 
  [ more info ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/programmes/creative-europe/actions/capitals-culture_en ) . 
  might say he 's * stealing * it . 
  mmmmmmm . 
  sausages . 
  ooh , sorry , makes sense now that i read it again . 
  most of the leadership , management , development and business base is still here in amsterdam , though . 
  the dutch have a very tax-friendly system , so there was no need to move , i guess . 
  i agree with most of your points , but if you 're in any kind of startup world , english is not even considered a requirement any more - it 's just expected . 
  like knowing basic math . 
  for the record , as someone who has built plenty of websites ... 
  i completely agree with you . 
  hey , it 's even been the commonly-used name in dutch . 
  could have at least put them in a tube . 
  so inconsiderate . 
  yeah , step down and say `` i was mistaken / misinformed '' . 
  this is what all responsible politicians do , right ? 
  kinda / r/evilbuildings material . . like it in that way . 
  unfortunately , increasingly rich, 
  you are now moderator of r/glasgow, 
  moscow is one of the most expensive cities in the world , but so is london . 
  i 'd still say that 's like 10-20 % of what you 'd pay for a 2 bedroom in london, 
  now compare the market value of that privatised apartment in an ex communist country to a property in london or amsterdam, 
  why does this comment section have more information than the article ? 
  pagania ftw, 
  got england for his 18th birthday . 
  you . 
  til, 
  groningen is on a polder ? 
  that 's what i read up the thread, 
  i think we 're talking about different things . 
  if you have 6000 new jobs , that means you get new services ( think shops , restaurants , schools etc ) to accommodate these new workers . 
  no , this is the part of the country that god still created . . 
  sales , storage , transport and preparation of those goods in that newly enlarged market ? 
  zoom into london . 
  well the original us population mostly came from europe and still today define a big part of their identity by which part of europe their ancestors came from . 
  american culture started out as a mix of european cultures and evolved on its own . 
  it 's easy to see that this culture would be similar and appealing and intertwined with europeans , who are building their own pan-euopean culture on top of national identities . 
  obviously shopped . 
  it could potentially be very democratic , yes . 
  but not acceptable for other reasons , which might also be democratic . 
  like , you know , the constitution . 
  to be fair , you see most of slovenia from your window ? 
  . . and this is how they started draining the sea . 
  island, 
  but , but . . do you live in denmark ? 
  slovenia / croatia ( and all of ex-yugoslavia ) were never behind the curtain . 
  ahem . 
  well , you guys always did have the best sense of humor . 
  carnet is a student 50 % discount . 
  do n't you think that 's worth mentioning ? 
  edit : also , optima does n't cover any areas except highly urban areas ( big parts of rijeka still remain uncovered ), 
  you have to account for the average salary . 
  10 kn for a beer in a bar ? 
  where ? 
  10 kn is the price for a can of beer in a shop , dude . 
  also , 8-10 mbit internet + phone + tv - which company offers this for 150kn per month ?!, 
  i would give them all of my money . 
  ( do n't say some amis telekom or something similar , they cover like 1 % of the country ) . 
  what does it have to do , then ? 
  ( serious question , no troll ) . 
  . . the rest of europe , especially the parts surrounding it - slovenia , italy , austria etc. 
  might i suggest the region of istria , in croatia - it has history , food , wine , hiking paths , it 's really cheap compared to europe , but close enough to the eu so you do n't have to go so far from italy , if you want to go there to . 
  did estonia just declare war on everybody ? 
  i took your test , now please make sure to post the results once they 're available !, 
  funny how i read this in a jeremy clarkson voice . . `` in other news , greeks have the smallest penises in all of europe '' . 
  we were in the video !, 
  i like this idea more . 
  it 's more of an `` inconvenience '' to people in the smaller percentile - the speakers of the original language . 
  thank you , iceland . 
  i appreciate your enthusiasm and love for europe , but things wo n't get very much better over night . 
  the thing is , we are a small country that has sold all of its banks to europeans , all our biggest companies and assets except for the electricity company and the water company which are still owned by croatia . 
  our national debt has risen from 3 to 60 bn usd in the last 20 years and someone 's going to have to work very , very hard to return the money that none of us spent . . 
  it was spent / embezzled by crooked politicians working for european conglomerates , selling companies like ina ( national oil company ) for the amount of money it earns within a few years . 
  so , i guess , what i 'm trying to say is . . 
  sorry for being skeptical towards further integration . 
  on the plus side , the eu will enable highly educated people from croatia to go and work in a better environment , we will be protected and will be getting some good opportunities for work and advancement as a society , but we 'll never be working for ourselves again . 
  that 's what eu integration looks like for a country with just over 4 mil ( poor ) people . 
  europe will buy croatia , and there 's nothing we can do about it . 
  no , i would describe myself as a skeptic europhile . 
  i think that my family , friends and i will benefit more from joining then we would from staying out of the eu .
