honestly i think the ship will come back in a few decades . 
  devolution never died out after the 1979 vote and it came back eighteen years later . 
  just for correction , scotland has about 8.3 % of the uk population , not 3 % . 
  i 'm on the other side of the continent and even here serbia are regarded as some of the hardest cunts on the planet . 
  at first i thought `` damn that looks pretty fun ! '', 
  nope, 
  that 's because england does n't have a city full of rangers fans :(, 
  that 's not necessarily a good thing though . 
  judging from the people around me i think people are comfortable with speaking english and do n't feel the need to learn gaelic as a second language . 
  i am from glasgow however , and this might differ depending on how far north you go . 
  do you need a hug :( ? 
  fun fact : when you look at gdp per capita figures , a fair amount of statistics exclude north sea revenue for scotland , making the nation appear weaker economically . 
  however , [ when you include north sea oil ] ( http://www.scotland.gov.uk/resource/0039/00390896.pdf ) , you can see that scotland 's gdp per head is actually higher than the uk and many other successful nations . 
  you 're forgetting it also costs a lot of money to subsidise trident , wars in the middle east and those upgrades to the railways that we get no economic benefit out of , too . 
  hence why you are n't in politics . 
  dat comment history . 
  you just seem like a cunt . 
  i know there are differences between northern england and the south-east , but that 's not what i 'm saying - i 'm saying that scottish and english culture have many distinct differences ,, 
  there may be more similarities in scottish and english culture than there is in say , scottish and korean , but there are many distinct differences between the two nonetheless . 
  hell , one of the main aspects of being scottish is to be as anti-english as possible ( in a joking way of course ) . 
  it 's funny , look at people such as nick griffin , a man that believes whites are superior to other races . 
  the man is a fat twitchy fuck - if whites are the master race , he certainly is n't a part of it . 
  why do you still keep the euro ? 
  why not go back to the drachma and leave the eu ? 
  does this not seem like the most viable option ? 
  no way is that correct , too many people prioritise heroin over food here , and there 's no way you can get a fat junkie . 
  nah , we were too scared last year, 
  is your poor little island not pure enough for you ? 
  banter, 
  you 'd love glasgow uni , it 's in the west end so there 's very little worries about crime , night life 's fantastic , oh and did i mention it 's a great university ? 
  looks a bit like hogwarts though . 
  yours , and we 're gon na devalue it to the fucking ground , 
  that 's so weird , over here it 's the other way around !, 
  uk maybe not so much , scotland definitely . 
  you spend almost half your net profit on rent ? 
  how close are you to work ? 
  ( or do you work from home ? ), 
  per capita . 
  we should know . 
  it really does help to know quite a lot of muslims and be pals with them . 
  i 've met loads of muslims who are really chill people . 
  you do get a few bad eggs ( not in an extremist way , just cunty or poor hygiene ) but that 's the same for all ethnicities or religions . 
  one of the weirdest parts of it is how quickly you notice large amounts , though . 
  if i go down a road of 100 people and notice 4 women wearing headscarves , a lot of people 's reactions are `` fuck me there 's a lot of them ! '', 
  when in reality there 's hardly any . 
  it 's odd . 
  to be fair , you guys are * really * efficient . 
  what 's it like in the czech republic ? 
  off-topic maybe but i remember reading a book in school about the country when it first joined the eu , and it seemed like a wonderful place . 
  that would n't be the word i 'd use . 
  i 'd prefer the term `` unstable '' . 
  this is sadly true . 
  from my experience , most university students are smarter than primary school teachers . 
  it sounds silly , but see the man in green and the woman in black ? 
  why do n't they just sit down and lean against the railing nearest to the road instead of the big fence so they are n't constantly holding on ? 
  yeah , fast food 's overrated . 
  maybe a milkshake or two when you 're hungover , but that shit messes with your health very quickly if you take too much of a liking to it . 
  i have a question , why do you feel more obligated to a person you do n't know from russia than to a person you do n't know from anywhere else ? 
  if moving abroad improved the living standards for your family , would n't you move ? 
  should n't a person have a greater obligation to their own blood than to the society they were raised in ? 
  of course not , my best mates all voted no and we have a good laugh about it , it 's all in good humour , 
  haha you do realise this is a joke right ? 
  we never wanted to be part of the side anyways ... 
  your flair says otherwise , no voting scum, 
  that 's ` neds ' to you , pal . 
  awryt troops, 
  sorry about the slow reply , been an awfully busy day . 
  i was lucky to do advanced business since i was the only person in my school to do it , i ended up just doing it at another school , was very surreal . 
  i really wanted to do economics in my own time but because you have to do an assignment now in the new highers it practically made it impossible :(  what the bloody hell does that sound like ? 
  :d [ it sounds a bit like this , ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwxc5ig0x4u ) but maybe not as rough haha . 
  and yeah , to do someone is to beat them up in glasgow , dialects are surprisingly different . 
   other side of town and you worry about losing contact ? 
  fifty miles is a bit more than the other side of town once i move away , it would be tough but definitely manageable . 
  erasmus is something i 've always been up for doing , it 's only occurred to me recently though why people would n't want to do it , purely because they 'd leave behind so many friends and also to lose contact with significant others , but if the stars align in a couple years , who knows  it seems kinda surreal that you can be in a country for so long and not need to know its language fluently because everyone accommodates and speaks english for you , mind-boggling in all honesty :p, 
  ohhh leith , not bad , shame you missed out on all the celebrations recently ( or maybe a good thing ? ), 
  honestly i have n't done economics at all . 
  genuinely . 
  kicked up a huge fuss about the fact that no school in glasgow taught it , kicked up a bigger fuss when the school would n't register me to let me teach it to myself , and ended up just doing other subjects instead . 
  huge portion of advanced business that 's economic-ish though and i 've absolutely shagged that course , got 87 % in the prelim and probably the same amount in the exam i did last week too . 
   pfft , you make it sound like glasgow is this distant land from beyond the horizon that speak indistinguishable tongues and have strange customs . 
  haha it is , my friends have said to me that if i come back to glasgow with an edinburgh accents they 'll do me  ) yeah i 'm indifferent about losing contact with 99 % of people from my high school , i 'm more paranoid that i 'll lose contact with this girl i 've been speaking to because of the jump between cities . 
  though , the difference in time between our houses will only go up by about 25-30 minutes , since we stay at other sides of the city , so it would n't be all that much . 
  i 'm quite considering erasmus myself , especially to either go to the us or to germany . 
  do you know much swedish or do people just talk to you in english most of the time ? 
  i 've heard pretty much everyone under the age of 40 speaks english fluently in sweden . 
  pollock halls , sorry , should 've said haha . 
  i find economics pretty straightforward to be honest , maybe that 's because i have n't done it at a university level yet but i 've done a fair bit on khan academy and i do n't struggle with any of it  i 'm not actually from edinburgh myself !, 
  i 'm a glaswegian , which makes the lifestyle change even more drastic because i wo n't know many people while i 'm there , but oh well , it 's only an hour on the train to get home !, 
  that 's an obscure choice of erasmus , why sweden ? 
  and why the lack of interest from others ? 
  oh , and here 's a better question - who goes to the library at night ? 
  wow , that 's crazy !, 
  i 'm staying at the catering in the big blocks of halls of residences , and i 'm studying economics . 
  it 's gon na be very weird adjusting to uni life but i 'll be fine  where 's your erasmus at ? 
  how tough was it to apply to study abroad ? 
  ps good call , most people just assume it 's said in a redneck voice , 
  holy shit i 'm going there next term !, 
  are you staying at halls ? 
  wondering what the experience will be like , 
  what uni did you get into ?
