[ lebensraum without killing jews and slavs , maybe . 
  nvme ssds exist now . 
  the one in my macbook consistently does 1500/2000 . 
  in fact , most flagship smartphones do 500 now . 
  arguably the back is better than massive pavements and car parks . 
  hey , if there was an country called coke , i can see how the drink would be more relevant to me . 
  uk , ireland , greece and italy would be an absolute mess . 
  what happens if may announces an indyref2 bill stating that a referendum will be held within , say , a week or two of passing , taking into account that the current sentiment in scotland is still the stay in the uk according to polls . 
   a high value currency can cripple some economies precisely the ones that we do n't have . 
  well , the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland is not a very good example for what you 're trying to say . 
  i do like the sound of the european federation though . 
   no country is the western world is as undemocratic as the uk . 
  you 've got a very messed up definition of democracy if you think that the uk is undemocratic . 
  it 's called a thermostatic valve , iirc . 
  i used the middle setting when i visited family during winter and they turned the thermostat to 32 degrees , so five was boil to death and snowflake was freeze to death . 
  it 's not really useful if you have a thermostat that you have set to a comfortable temperature . 
  we do n't have much cold weather clothing . 
  our weather is very mild . 
  no it could n't . 
  the referendum was never legally binding . 
  vpn ? 
   otherwise they 'll lose all the votes yes , and who will they vote for ? 
  since there 's so few places you can get this degree , are there pathways for other majors to become a packaging scientist ? 
  maybe chemistry or physics majors ? 
  this is really fascinating to me , since packaging science is probably something that every food company in the world needs to get right . 
  wow , that 's such a specific science that i would n't have thought it 's a major . 
  first , i think that you 're giving trump too much credit for the reasoning behind the things he says . 
  if country a and country b are both sovereign nations , they may both have an interest in making sure that nobody enters illegally . 
  but it is not in country b 's interest to ensure people do not leave it for country a if there is no benefit to country b for keeping them in . 
  moreover , it is wrong for country b to try and force them to pay for such measures . 
  if country a is giving aid voluntarily ( as opposed to following some un regulation ) to country b , then they are obviously free to divert that money elsewhere if need be . 
  but they should not be able to force country b to give them money . 
  haha , i actually did that out of boredom . 
  i can send you the source code if you want . 
  no i 'm not . 
  you must be seriously thick if you think that 's what i 'm saying . 
  you 're right . 
  i , personally , have no issue at all with trump 's wall . 
  i still think that it 's a massive waste of money , but i 'm apathetic because he 's not trying to force another sovereign nation to pay for it . 
  do you think trump would not say `` let 's build a wall and make mexico pay for it '' if it was actually brazilians using mexico as a proxy to get into america because mexico has poor border controls ? 
  you give him too much credit . 
  he says whatever it is that makes him popular with the american alt-right crowd , who could n't give less of a shit about the nationality of the people trying to come in through mexico . 
  if we 're going to use trump logic , they are people in france trying to migrate to the uk . 
  they are there because of france 's lack of border control . 
  therefore , the fact that they are in france is france 's own fault , so france should pay for it . 
  the uk is paying for a wall that benefits itself . 
  it would be trump-like if france was made to pay for it . 
  besides , for all i care trump can do whatever he wants with his own nation 's funds if he becomes president . 
  however , it is stupid to want to make mexico pay for it . 
   should we compare mac pro which was n't updated since 2013 only with pcs of the same era ? 
  yes , because they 're seemingly never going to update that . 
  apple 's mac workstation is not a good purchase . 
   there are no `` generations '' all manufacturers have their own release schedule for their products . 
  well , it goes without saying that nobody should by a 6s right now , when the next iphone is literally a week away , because there are many phones better than it simply due to age . 
  i told you to show me a company that makes a better smartphone , and when somebody says that adding * consistently * is implied . 
  i did not want you to compare what is on the market at this point in time , i wanted you to prove that apple makes hardware that is not up to the standards of their competitors . 
  you disagree that we should be comparing the same generations ? 
  can i compare the galaxy s2 to the iphone 6s and declare the iphne better ? 
  your use of the word `` fanboy '' is getting tiresome . 
  you simply hate apple 's products and have no justifiable reason for it . 
  apple 's hardware and software is still very good ( although they do make some bone-headed choices sometimes ) . 
  if you look in my comment history , there have been times that i 've argued for android and there have been times that i have argued for apple ( albeit fewer times ) . 
  every device has a liquid damage indicator . 
  firstly , let 's compare the 6s to the s6 . 
  the s7 should be compared to the iphone that will be announced next week . 
  so , comparing s6 to 6s , we have worse battery , more or less equal camera , better screen , same storage options , faster charging , poor memory management rendering multitasking useless and no water resistance . 
  so what we have is a pretty mixed bag . 
  also , of course multi core performance will be better , the s6 has between two and four times the number of cores . 
  flash performance is important . 
  most emmc phones will lag while trying to use the phone while downloading an app from the play store . 
  and you did claim samsung made a better phone because i asked you to list better products , not equal ones . 
  what ? 
  the a9 is the best soc of it 's generation , as a result of qualcomm and the others still struggling to catch up to apple 's surprise ( and i 'm still unsure if it 's necessary ) switch to 64-bit . 
  apple also has the fastest flash for it 's generation because they are using nvme instead of emmc ( although i think samsung has also made the switch with the current generation ) . 
  if you want to dispute this , back it up with data . 
  however , samsung makes absolutely gorgeous displays and apple seems to think ram is unimportant ( although even the note suffers from poor memory management sometimes ) . 
  what does this mean ? 
  neither phone is better than the other . 
  you 're just somebody who blindly hates apple without recognising that their hardware has its merits . 
  samsung still sucks at software ( their ux is horrible and their updates are better than they were but still bad ) . 
  they also have some inferior hardware ( cpu , flash etc. ) . 
  xps has incredibly horrible qc , and i know this as someone who has given them far too many chances . 
  surface is good , but it 's not * better * per se . 
  edit : added `` some '', 
  oh come on , point to one company that makes a ** better ** smartphone , tablet or laptop . 
  a better one , not an equal one . 
  i thought you nordics believed in prison as a form of rehabilitation as opposed to a form of revenge ? 
  english is a major world language because the british had a very powerful empire that spread it to so much of the world that it became an official language in major countries across all of the inhabited continents . 
  the usa is just one of those countries . 
  and who took english there ? 
  because the organisations in charge of official competitive cricket do n't want it to be an olympic sport . 
  in my opinion , it is at whichever point after which it becomes too risky an operation for the mother , or at whichever point the foetus is able to survive independently of the mother . 
  do you think masturbation should also be illegal because you 're killing potential children ? 
  what 's the difference between gametes and zygotes and why is the line drawn arbitrarily at the formation of the latter ? 
  ah fair enough . 
  i was just worried that i was missing out on `` pretend it 's 1900 day '' or something . 
  no it 's not that . 
  i 'm just confused why there 's a couple of comments pretending that we 're back when it was still being built/newly built . 
  is there something i 'm missing ? 
  well , look at it this way .
