  explain that . 
  russia is like this big , drunk , ragged old bear . 
  it almost looks cute and comically weak just sitting there on his ass , propped up against a tree . 
  it will let you get close , stare and laugh , poke it and even hit it with a stick a few times . 
  but , it 's still a bear . 
  you push it far enough , it will sober up , get off his ass and tear you to pieces . 
  they like to pretend that south ossetia ( alania ) is part of georgia , while its ethnically and linguistically distinct people give every indication that they do n't want to be , especially after georgians tried to ethnically cleanse them in the early 90 's . 
  the western hypocrisy dictates that it 's perfectly okay for georgians to brutally crack down on ossetian separatists , while it 's not okay for serbians to crack down on albanian separatists in kosovo - that it 's perfectly okay for usnato to destroy serbia over kosovo , while it 's a terrible war crime for the russians to disable georgia 's war-waging capacity over south ossetia . 
  in 1991 , iraq never sent a single tank into usnato ... neither did serbia in 1999 or afghanistan in 2002 . 
  none of those countries are even on your borders , but you still attacked and demolished them . 
  on the other hand , south ossetia does border russia and georgian armed forces ' indiscriminate sneak attack on tskhinvall did murder 36 russian peace-keepers , whose presence was mandated by a document signed by georgia . 
  if you think about it , russia'a response was rather restrained , minimizing georgia 's civilian , as well is military casualties . 
  russia always claimed that it was n't a war , but an `` operation to force georgia to peace '' and the final outcome does support this claim . 
  so did the albanian mafia bandits in kosovo ... and you gave it to them , after ruthlessly raping the nation of serbia . 
  of course , georgians tried to ethnically cleanse the alanians in the early 90 's ( and got their sorry asses kicked ) and then signed a cease-fire/no-fly zone agreement , which they have been violating since 2004 , when sack-oh-shitty came to power . 
  they even had the guts to complain when one of their drones , which was violating the no-fly zone , was shot down by an abkhazian mig . 
  estonia is fictional entity ran by the cia . 
  it 's russian land , incorporated by peter the great 300 years ago . 
  on a serious note , what makes scotland a nation and south ossetia not a nation ? 
  alanians are ethnically distinct from georgians , speak their own persian-derived language and really , really do n't like georgians , who tried to ethnically cleanse them in the early 90 's . 
  please ... you have passively supported the ichkerian ( look it up ) independence all along , impeding russia 's in every way possible without getting directly involved . 
  in the same sense that nato was the aggressor in the kovoso war . 
  much smaller country , with much less infrastructure logistics problems and a homogeneous population . 
  was n't raped by the bolsheviks for 70 years . 
  i just have very little tolerance for ignorant anti-russian circle-jerks . 
  right ... russia had 300 peace-keeping troops in south ossetia , internationally mandated by a cease-fire agreement signed by all of involved parties , including georgia , in 1994 . 
  when the georgian armed forces attacked tskhinvall in a massive sneak grad rocket and self-propelled artillery barrage , on the opening night of the summer olympic games ( violating the cease-fire agreement ) , they targeted the russian peace-keepers hq , murdering 36 russian servicemen , affectively declaring war on the russian federation , not to mention , destroying half of ( according to you ) their own city . 
  they then moved into the city and filmed themselves laughing while shooting .50 cal machine guns into random buildings from their hummer turrets and tossing grenades into peoples ' basements . 
  the good old western democracy and peace-loving georgians !, 
  really , i could 've just said one word : `` kosovo '' . 
  the last time i checked , the russian federation was a internationally , legally recognized successor state to the ussr . 
  gorbachev is a `` no one '' ? 
  strange ... most of you westerners seem to think very highly of him . 
  how much of it is legitimate `` beefs '' with russia and how much of it is simple russophobia , based on ignorance and reinforced by propaganda . 
  see my response here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1jw2t8/medvedev_russia_does_not_like_baltic_nato/cbjq6gq, 
  nato is a us dominated/puppeteered military alliance , which was organized to contain the ussr and its allies . 
  it should have been disbanded along with the warsaw pact and the ussr . 
  just like everywhere else , west is ruled by the people representing the interests of the rich and powerful . 
  your law/due process/democracy is just a half-assed illusion . 
  american ? 
  you should really be worried about china . 
  believe me , they are a far bigger threat and are a lot less nicer than us . 
  they are the ones who will be making your declining empire their bitch and it will be better to have russia on your side when the time comes . 
  together , we just might be able to keep them in check . 
  oh please . 
  russia was getting getting served as much as it was dishing out . 
  no one in europe is innocent . 
  russia was constantly attacked from the west since the teutonic knights invasion , almost became a province of poland in the early 17th century , napoleon 's invasion , etc. 
  everyone was involved in the business of building empires . 
  it 's just that russia came out on top . 
  some eurpean countries are still grateful to russia for confronting , containing and finally marginalizing the ottomans , which were quickly expanding into europe . 
  russia helped liberate greece , bulgaria and the balkans from the ottoman rule , without subjugating those countries itself . 
  when russia conquered finland from sweden ( another former formidable imperial power ) , the finnish language , finnish culture - were almost extinct . 
  the great alexander ( aka tsar liberator ) promoted finlandization , leading to an unprecedented cultural revival . 
  no matter how much the finns hate the russians for 20th century stuff , they still have a big statue of that tsar in middle of their capital . 
  should russia be blamed for the bolshevik/soviet crimes ? 
  60 % of the bolshevik core were not russians and were sponsored by foreign interest , mainly the german empire and american jews . 
  yosib bessarion `` stalin '' dzhugashvilli and his chief torturer/butcher , beria , were very `` not russian '' and implemented policies directed against russian people , and cultural identity . 
  nikita khrushchev identified himself as ukrainian and `` gifted '' a huge piece of prime russian land ( the crimean peninsula ) to ukraine . 
  same for brezhnev - part of the ukrainian `` donbas basin dynasty '' . 
  if you knew anything about the russian opposition , you would be grateful for the relative `` moderate '' that is putin . 
  murderous ? 
  are you going by all the unsubstantiated drivel , `` putin eats babies '' type of accusations that constantly get thrown around by the very biased western press ? 
  where does all this russophobic hate and paranoia come from ? 
  you are such a bigoted scumbag . 
  russia has a purely defensive military doctrine and is not interested in attacking and conquering anyone at all . 
  rf is not russian empire or the ussr and we already have more land and resources than we know what to do with . 
  however , if you fuck with us , we will erase you from existence , even if it costs us our own - we do n't give a fuck , just as long as the enemy is destroyed . 
  can you say the same ? 
  which country would like being surrounded by a hostile military alliance ? 
  gorbachev was promised that nato would n't spread eastward past germany - just one of the ( too ) many broken promises by the west ... and people blame russia for being paranoid ? 
  are you an idiot ? 
  it was the georgians - shelling , marching in and demolishing tskhinvall in south ossetia . 
  even eu and nato admit that georgia was the aggressor in that war . 
  also , the russians never got to tbilisi . 
  they got as far as gori and got out of georgia-proper rather fast . 
  there 's a lot more to russian economy than exports . 
  russia 's biggest sector is the domestic services industries . 
  of course , russia does n't have anywhere near the living standards of germany and its gdp ( ppp ) is higher because its population is quiet a bit larger . 
  however , russia 's average wages and the size of its middle class have been growing at a very rapid rate before the 2008 economic crisis and have resumed to grow . 
  well , yeah . 
  the title of the article is wrong . 
  it should have been '' ... europe 's largest economy ( according to one metric ) . '', 
  it 's still a great accomplishment for russia though , 15 years after the complete collapse of its economy , when it 's gdp was the same as nigeria 's . 
  however , per-capita gdp ( ppp ) is the correct metric to use when trying to loosely gage a sense of the average living conditions . 
  statistically , higher per-capita gdp ( ppp ) correlates to higher living standards . 
  raw material exports accounted for about 13 % of the russian economy three years ago . 
  it 's probably less right now . 
  you are talking about exports , ignoring russia 's impressive growth in industrial production ( 100 % increase since 2000 ) and the tremendous growth ( 500 % or more ) in the domestic services industries and consumption . 
  russia 's hdi is very skewed by its unusually low ( but increasing ) average life expectancies , caused by the high prevalence of alcoholism . 
  you are very confused . 
  this article states no such thing . 
  germany 's per-capita gdp ( ppp ) is much higher than russia 's and will be for a long time . 
  however , russia 's stats keeping improving and this year , the world bank had reclassified it as a `` high income country '' . 
  the article was taking about how according to ( once again ) the world bank 's overall gdp ( ppp ) measure , russia is now the largest sovereign economy in europe and 5th biggest in the world . 
  i am russian who lives in the us . 
  i care about nature , preservation and follow all of the regs when i fish here . 
  however , i do know some of my fellow ex-ussr people here who poach the shit out fish , leave piles of trash , etc. 
  they literally fish out some lakes and ponds here and give us all a terrible reputation with the locals . 
  the concept of catch limits , catch and release and even licensing are foreign to them .
