  they would probably use dynamite if they could get their hands on some . 
  granted , these people are typically `` bydlo '' ( crude , uneducated people with a villager mentality ) . 
  there are plenty of educated russians who follow laws and regulation here , but i ca n't blame the locals for negatively stereotyping us now . 
  `` 13 % income tax ? 
  that 's low . '', 
  yes . 
  a ** flat ** income tax . 
  it has proved to be one of putin 's most successful economic reform initiatives . 
  it greatly increased the revenue . 
  eu is a joke - a failing , rotting institution , which only exploits slavs and treats them as second class citizens . 
  its days are numbered . 
  ukraine 's future is with russia and its eurasian union , which will be the most dominant economic and military power in the world by 2050 . 
  `` as ukrainian news earlier reported , jan tombinski , the head of the european union 's delegation to ukraine , said that preparation for implementation of the eu-ukraine association agreement is a priority of the european union 's financial assistance to ukraine in the period of 2014-2017 . '', 
  sounds like ukraine is selling out . 
  must be late paying their energy bill to russia again . 
  in fact , they are probably just threatening to do this , in order to get some concessions and maybe financial assistance from the tsar . 
  i do n't really see anything wrong with putin himself . 
  in fact , he is exactly the kind of strong , coherent leader that russia needs and he has been doing his best to fix the country 's problems . 
  unfortunately , some of these problems are so systemic and ingrained into our very culture , that it 's an extremely difficult task . 
  however , under putin , russia has experienced steady growth and recovery , according to almost all socio-economic statistical parameters . 
  in some areas , the improvement has been quite remarkable , but then again , when putin first came to power , things were so bad , that they could only go up . 
  i remember all the vietnamese workers in the ussr . 
  they paid off their national debt to us , by sending `` slaves '' . 
  as far as the chinese , the russians need to come up with some kind of a worker visa system too . 
  the border areas are flooded with the undocumented migrants . 
  we could use the man power for some major development projects in siberia and stuff ... if only we could organize and get things done at all . 
  you must be confusing vladimir putin ( who does n't drink ) with boris yeltsin ( aka vodkin ) . 
  putin also does n't just say shit and rattle his saber . 
  he acts . 
  an invasion of transdnistria would no go over well ( for the invaders ) . 
  yuschenko had actually won after the `` poisoning '' . 
  he lost the re-election , after being such a shitty , unpopular president , with the all of the nationalist , anti-russian bs contributing to his unpopularity . 
  as far as russia `` poisoning '' him , it 's just a crazy conspiracy theory . 
  so , who is `` crazy '' again ? 
  why do n't we ask the ossetians and abkhazians as to who was the invader and who was the liberator ? 
  they only live there . 
  good old brits !, 
  sarcasm is all you got left . 
  hey . 
  now that this has been proven to be total bs , what kind of sarcasm have you got to say , smart guy ? 
  / u/chewbacca81 is my dear father . 
  edit : holly shit !, 
  just noticed which sub i was in !, 
  sure has been a while . 
  feels like i accidentally walked onto a neonazi rally ( or a wasp 's nest ) . 
  any way , sieg heil and all that . 
  i 'll leave you here to keep hating on russia . 
  we will be happy to stop supporting the donbas rebels and resume friendly economic , political and military cooperation with ukraine , just as soon as our vital national security concerns are addressed and ukraine fulfills its obligations under the minsk accords . 
  we are asking for the cessation of the so-called `` anti-terrorist operation '' , withdrawal of heavy arms from the region , amnesty for the rebel leadership and fighters , limited regional autonomy and self-rule for the donbas region under a federal system , and the end of the economic blockade . 
  since we ca n't have nato bases just hundreds of kilometers from our major cities , we are also asking for a guarantee of ukraine 's neutrality when it comes to military alliances and withdrawal of all foreign troop , military and intelligence support from its territory . 
  in addition , we ask that ukraine 's right-wing paramilitary units , which are responsible for the majority of war crimes against the people of donbas , be disarmed and disbanded . 
  thank you for your understanding , - russia, 
  getting ready to shell more schools , churches , humanitarian aid distribution centers and other `` terrorist '' targets with their `` precision '' weapons ? 
  scum of earth . 
  i know that they make tavors in 7.62 x39 mm and might even make it in 5.45 x39 mm , so the 5.56 mm discussion is probably moot . 
  though , considering that they really want into nato now , they would have to switch to the nato caliber eventually . 
  during the conflict in south ossetia , georgian special forces were armed with bushmaster m4 carbines , but when the shit hit the fan , they abandoned them en masse and grabbed the old ak-74s . 
  russians collected literally hundreds of these abandoned m4s on the battle fields , did extensive testing on them and found that combined with the shitty old turkish surplus 5.56 mm ammo the georgians were issued , those guns could n't even do a few mag dumps before they started to jam . 
  surprisingly , they also found that the israeli negev machine guns that they captured in numbers as well , also performed very poorly . 
  5.45 mm is a great round . 
  for most battle conditions , it 's quite superior to 7.62 x39 mm . 
  you can carry a lot more if it , it 's extremely low recoiling and much more accurate in burst and full auto fire . 
  however , cover penetration and single shot perceived stopping power is lower , which is why the russians still use 7.62 x39 mm in supplemental role by various spetsnaz units . 
  lots of akms and akms ' were brought out of storage for the urban fighting in chechnya . 
  nevertheless , the rifle arming 95 % of russian troops is the 5.45 mm ak-74m . 
  as far as ukrainians in their `` ato '' , i think it 's been 2/3 of 5.45 mm weapons ( ak-74 and aks-74 ) and 1/3 of 7.62 x39 mm ( mostly akm ) . 
  though , as i mentioned , i 've been seeing more and more 7.62 x39 mm weapons over there due to the current 5.45 mm ammo shortages . 
  you guys are so predictable . 
  i post here one time this year and get called `` putinbot . '', 
  maybe you can also tell me how i can get paid for my post ? 
  i would love to get some extra income for simply expressing my opinions and observations !, 
  much of ukraine 's vast soviet strategic reserves of 7.62 x39 mm and 5.45 x39 mm ( the main soviet service round since 1974 ) ammo are now depleted ; squandered - sold for pennies on the dollar to the us surplus importers and such . 
  their main ammo factory ( luhansk cartridge works ) is under lnr control . 
  so , they have to import ammo from neo-nato countries any way . 
  they are now having to drop their ak-74s ( 5.45 mm ) in exchange for the older akms ( 7.62 x39 mm ) , because 5.45 mm was never widely adapted outside of the ussr and the neo-nato countries have gotten rid of their ammo stocks long ago . 
  the tavors are just for showing off . 
  it looks fancy , futuristic and all that , but it 's expensive , not actually that great and the troops are really weary of it - would rather have a decent ak . 
  i am pretty connected to ukraine , crimea and dnr . 
  i collect photos from the `` ato '' and discuss the events with people who know their stuff . 
  plus , i watch ukrainian news nearly every day , including their daily goebbels like , set up front line reports , where they talk about daily imaginary human wave dnr / `` russian aggressor '' attacks , without presenting any real evidence . 
  they ca n't even get nice uniforms , new rifles and soldiers that do n't look like hung-over convicts for most of those propaganda reels . 
  we had all the same issues in chechnya , but were never screaming about being an uber-european superpower race . 
  for some reason , none of the stuff from these little ukrainian parades sips though to the front/ato . 
  over there , they are still wearing old surplus british nato gear and using old , worn out , rusty soviet aks . 
  looks like they have only enough of these fancy israeli tavor rifles and ridiculous bandera/upa uniforms ( which probably fall apart on the the first day of deployment ) , just for these pathetic parades . 
  aidar was disbanded at one point , but then reformed under the military . 
  that 's awesome . 
  the military should always be composed out of ideological right wing , extremist fanatics who enabled the illegal overthrow of the last government . 
  / s i am surprised that at least a couple got arrested - must have really pissed off the brass for something else . 
  there were many foreigners fighting on both sides - from spanish to afghan . 
  i have plenty of pics of these volunteers . 
  one american guy ( call sign `` franco '' ) fought in one of the ~ ~ right wing death squads ~ ~ `` territorial defense batallions '' and got killed . 
  the ukrainian civil war kind of reminds me of the spanish one : socialists vs nationalists ( right wingers ) , with a lot of foreign volunteers and support on both sides . 
  he sold weed . 
  omfg !, 
  there were/are foreign factions in pretty much every civil war that was ever fought , so i fail to see your point . 
  savchenko was n't a soldier . 
  she was a volunteer in the `` aidar territorial defense battalion '' that 's since been disbanded for a bunch of war crimes and other criminal activity ... and this is all according to ukrainian authority . 
  it was a right wing death squad . 
  she was known for showing a peculiar brand of cruelty towards pows and simple civilians .
