  it appears that all that these idiots know how to do is to tear thing apart , burn and destroy . 
  why did they have to turn a beautiful square into a post-apocalyptic pile or urine and feces covered rubble ? 
  we 'll see what they will build , beside more misery and strife for the ukrainian people . 
  hey , i am supposed to the big russia defender in this thread , but i will readily admit that the first chechen war as an epic disaster and a travesty . 
  however , let me put into context for you : it was a truly nasty , hellish , brutal civil war , fought by the gutted , dilapidated , understaffed , impoverished , demoralized remains of the soviet military against their own people in terrible conditions . 
  just before the war , the powers that be , threw the switch and nearly instantly turned russia from a second world country into a third world one , which could n't afford a properly sized and equipped , operational military . 
  a lot of best , most experienced officers had quit , because , the government , after redeploying them to the russian federation from the different soviet republics , was not able to provide them and their families with decent housing or pay them ( they often went without pay for many months ) . 
  the military also could n't afford to properly feed , train or equip their conscripts , creating terrible morale problems and causing high conscription dodging and desertion rates . 
  the `` dedovschina '' ( the culture of brutal conscript hazing ) was at an all-time high and alcohol and drug abuse was prevalent . 
  they could barely afford fuel for their vehicles too . 
  most of russia 's motorized infantry regiments were at half strength and not battle-ready . 
  right before the war , they quickly combined them into joined units . 
  some times , they created combined regiments from different branches of the armed forces . 
  there was often a lot antagonism and lack of `` unity '' in such units . 
  urban combat training and tactics were practically non-existent . 
  these rag-tag joined regiments were sent into grozny in large columns from different directions . 
  the chechens were lead by former soviet generals , who knew the russians ' doctrine and tactics from inside and out . 
  many of their field-commanders were former soviet officers and combat vets too . 
  hell , most of their combatants had served and were trained by the soviet military , making them better trained than the contemporary russian conscripts . 
  also , when the soviets/russians first pulled out in 1991 , yeltsin , in his infinite wisdom , decided to leave the chechens with giant stockpiles of weapons , most importantly , with a hundred thousand or so rpg warheads . 
  the chechens also knew that the russians were coming back and had three years to prepare for this . 
  they had swindled the russian government out of billions of dollars and used these funds to buy weapons , gear and hiring mercs , including russian ones . 
  they had wisely invested in the latest western radios , scanners and satellite phones , which gave them a great edge over the russian forces and their outdated soviet comm equipment . 
  they were commonly able to intercept all russian comms and act on the info gathered , such as rapidly re-deploying and concentrating their forces in a specific area , setting up ambushes , fortifying positions , etc. 
  the chechens ' had smaller numbers , but they were able to use their comm advantage and familiarity with the terrain to rapidly re-deploy their forces to counter ( ambush ) individual russian columns , typically out-numbering the russians in a specific area of engagement . 
  the russian leadership had greatly underestimated that chechens ' capabilities and resolve ; they figures that as soon as the chechens got some bombs dropped on them and saw the giant afvs columns roll in , they would shit themselves , and ( literally ) run for the mountains . 
  instead , the chechen lured these columns into the city , systematically ambushing , trapping and destroying them , using the proper urban insurgency tactics , such as highly coordinated , mobile rpg and sniper teams operating from elevated positions . 
  the russian 's afvs have notoriously low angles of turret elevation and were commonly not able to return fire , while not being properly supported by the infantry , getting hit by multiple rpg rounds , before being disabled or destroyed . 
  eventually , the russians deployed truck-mounted and self-propelled aa guns as fire support for their columns . 
  there was also a great lack of communication and coordinated between different units and branches . 
  a lot of the russian casualties were due to `` friendly fire '' incidents . 
  russian journalist and duma deputy alexander nevzorov , who extensively covered the first battle of grozny , had estimated that there were maybe a 100 properly trained and equipped russians fighters ( alpha and gru operators ) taking part in the battle . 
  a lot of these fighting later in the war was done by sobr -- swat officers , which were brought to chechnya from all over the russian federation for counter-insurgency operations , which they were better suited for than the regular army . 
  the military did n't like these `` cops '' and often ignored their requests for resupply , reinforcements , relief and air support . 
  most of the time , they were on their own . 
  granted , the omon and sobr ( mostly omon , who were the less trained and professional cops ) were known to brutalize the chechens ( including some publicized massacres of civilians ) , who , in return , took it out of the conscripts . 
  that 's part of the reason for the general animosity . 
  also , their involvement in the crackdown on the pro-democracy protesters in the late 80 's and early 90 's ... we had actually learned a lot from the first war . 
  the morale , conditions , tactics , communications , air/artillery support were all much better and outside of a few , very publicized disastrous incidents , we were kicking ass . 
  also , the chechens and other whahabists that we were facing were n't quite of the same grade , as most of the `` higher grade '' ones were killed in the first war . 
  most of the time , we were fighting a bunch of incompetent , barely literate , drugged-up ( amphetamines ) , lice bearded , islamist lunatic thugs . 
  as far as you comment on the incompetency of our anti-terror special forces ( fsb alpha and vympel ) , just like the rest of our armed forces ( and russia in general ) they were in a pretty rough state during the 90 's and did botch the hospital hostage crisis . 
  however , by the 00 's , they were back to a decent shape and handled the moscow theater hostage crisis and the beslan school hostage crisis with a great degree of skill and professionalism , when all things are considered . 
  both events were unprecedented in the history of terrorist hostage takings and when you consider all of the factors , ideal outcomes ( no hostages or security personnel lost ) were pretty much impossible . 
  according to international anti-terror doctrines , such severe , high-risk hostage rescue operations are considered a success as long as the irreversible casualties ( deaths ) are kept = < 30 % . 
  in moscow , you had dozens of heavily armed fanatics , without any reasonable demands ... who came there to die , holding close to a thousand people in an enclosed space that 's been wired to explode . 
  after three days , the chechens had threated to shoot someone at regular intervals and people would have began to drop dead from dehydration as they had received no water . 
  any kind of conventional storming would have resulted in the explosives going off , with a likely roof collapse . 
  the knock-out gas was a brilliant idea , really . 
  however , in order to ensure that it worked in such a large area , they had to pump enough of it to fill every corner , resulting in an overexposure to the people sitting closest to the air vents . 
  alpha went in and did they jobs , eliminating all of the terrorists without taking losses or causing any of the explosives to go off . 
  they proceeded to pull out the hostages and offer proper first aid , but there were too few of them to do it all and most of the rescue and first aid was conducted by the first responders such as firefighters , who were not prepared for it , due to the incompetence of the local authorities . 
  a lot of people died when the first responders dragged them outside and placed them laying on the backs , causing them to asphyxiate on their own vomit . 
  they should have been placed on their sides . 
  still , the vast majority of people were saved . 
  in beslan , the situation was equally or even more dire , with the presence of the armed locals complicating things . 
  instead of a pro-active , controlled operation , alpha and vympel were forced to react to an unexpected development . 
  they took heavy losses , when rushing the chechen machine gun nests and then shielding children with their own bodies . 
  in two instances , operators were killed when they jumped on top of grenades which were thrown into crowds of children . 
  by they way , buying kadyrov clan 's loyalty , making him `` the king of chechnya '' ( as long as he ultimately stays loyal to moscow ) and have him do the `` dirty work '' for us , was a great tactic for pacifying the locals . 
  americans have learned from us and used similar tactics of `` divide and conquer '' to pacify the similarly tribal iraq . 
  the serbs have a lot history of being oppressed by the ottomans , the hapsburgs ( your people ) and are you really going to bring up ww2 , where you were on the side that murdered a million serbs , in the most horrific ways imaginable ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jasenovac_concentration_camp ) ?!? 
  we are the `` pathetic losers '' ? 
  you are the ones who always had to be rescued by `` the west '' when picking a fight with us . 
  in the beginning stages of ww1 , were were completely decimating you , until you ran crying to your big german daddy , who came and rescued you . 
  by the way , thanks for being there in ww2 , protecting the german flanks in stalingrad . 
  if it was some more competent troops out there , we might have never been able to close the trap . 
  serbia did lose 4 wars in 10 years , but not to your bosnian , croatian and albanian friends . 
  once again , before the big western daddy ( usnato ) got involved , the serbs were kicking the shit out of everyone . 
  russia was in such shitty state back then , that all it could do is sit , watch and bark . 
  things would have turned out very differently right now . 
  as far as the muslim/arabs , with everything that the usnato has been doing to destabilize the region , overthrowing moderate , secular dictators and replacing them with the `` allahu akbar '' types , you should be a part of the united european sharia emirates in no time . 
  then , you will be begging for us to come and rescue yse , while your big american daddy is too busy fighting the chinese for world dominance . 
  by the way , i generally like and respect hungarians ... they made for very good , cultured subjects . 
  edit : sorry . 
  that last sentence was a vitriolic low-blow . 
  because we are a multi-cultural , multi-ethnic , multi-lingual nation , the russian language clearly differentiates between a `` russian '' ( as in a member of the russian ethnic group ) and a `` russian '' ( as in a citizen of the federation ) . 
  we have two separate words for them : `` russkiy '' and `` rossiyanin '' . 
  the bolsheviks also heavily promoted judaism as a separate ethnicity , encouraging jews to speak yiddish and even tried to create an israel-like `` homeland '' ( in siberia . 
  lol ) for them . 
  see jewish autonomous oblast . 
  any way , most of lenin 's closest associates , like trotsky , kamenev and zinoviev ( all pseudonyms ) were jews from all over the russian empire . 
  the `` father '' of the soviet secret police , the cheka ( later nkvd , later kgb ) was a polish jew named `` iron '' felix dzerzhinsky . 
  his giant statue in front of the kgb headquarters was toppled by the restive russian people in 1991 , following the hard-liner/kgb coup attempt . 
  stalin ( nee dzhugashvilli ) was as georgian as they come . 
  he spoke russian with a thick accent and had a disdain for vodka , preferring georgian wine and armenian cognac . 
  make no mistake , georgians are extremely culturally different from russians - their language is about as discernible as chinese and despite ( mostly ) being fellow orthodox christians , their culture is a lot more traditionalist and well ... `` asiatic '' . 
  when hitler spoke about the `` asiatic cruelty '' of the bolshevik regime , he was partially right . 
  as far as nostalgia/administration for stalin ... 
  i visited georgia just before the collapse of the ussr . 
  by then , we all knew that stalin was a giant asshole - even worse than what khrushchev made him out to be . 
  this is why i was blown away by the fact that , every rural georgian home that i visited , had a big portrait of stalin hanging in the main room . 
  as far as i know , the only remaining major statue of stalin still standing anywhere in the former ussr , is located in the main square of stalin 's home town of gori , georgia . 
  i know a guy who was part of the russian contingent which briefly occupied gori in 2008 . 
  him and most other guys really wanted to blow that statue up , but received strict orders not to do anything to it , in order to prevent further antagonizing the locals . 
  by far , the biggest modern stalinist that i personally knew , was a pure-bred ukrainian . 
  so , this phenomena is not just restricted to elderly russians . 
  also , the whole thing can partially be attributed to a form of the `` stockholm syndrome '' , where a victim/hostage begins to develop feelings of strong empathy and admiration for their oppressor/brutalizer . 
  as far as russian opposition , how am i wrong ?!? 
  one just has to look at pictures of any major russian opposition rally and see the red communist and national bolshevik flags everywhere in the crowd .
