  we 'll see if they have some benefic consequences . 
  i 'm a typical macron voter . 
  i believe france has already been improving in recent years and that the trend will continue . 
  i 'm even convinced that the national front might lose a lot in popularity because it will be a political force for the first time . 
  they will be exposed for the divided party with no actual policy they are in the national assembly . 
  yes . 
  yes france can afford to provide equal social protection . 
  foreigners pay their taxes like everyone else . 
  we did n't even pay for their education . 
  it 's in our interest to care for them like any other resident . 
  it 's much better than the alternative . 
  no one should wish to make migrants poorer . 
  that would be a disaster in the long run . 
  i repeat we are talking about legal migrants here . 
  if we really need to reform our social programs , we need to do it for everyone . 
  no need to put in place harmful discriminations . 
  i think the divides might get more precise in the future but after this election , it looks like there are three blocks . 
  the hard left around m\u00e9lenchon focused against liberalism and finance . 
  the liberalist europhile center from the right of the socialist party to most of the les r\u00e9publicains . 
  then there is the hard right which favors sovereignism and identity politics . 
  we 'll see if some republicans identify with this last brand of politics . 
  but le pen and the national front constitutes most of it . 
  so the second round right now is not right vs. left . 
  it 's hard right vs. center . 
  the hard left has no longer a candidate in the race . 
  i 'm sure there are many example of this happening in parliamentary regime . 
  i can think of grosse koalition in germany where the center has united against both extremes . 
  we 'll see in the future but i think france is moving toward a three-party system . 
  we used to think it would be socialists , les r\u00e9publicains , and national front . 
  but it appears we are going to have two new political poles further left : les insoumis and en marche . 
  some legal weapons were used as well . 
  it 's more convenient because you do n't need to smuggle them . 
  let 's not become dishonest . 
  but you assume that descendants of immigrants are destined to be religious anti-democratic muslims . 
  the only thing i can assume from today 's trend is that our skin will be more brown on average . 
  however i 'm convinced there is still hope for integration for future generation just like any other immigrant group have integrated in french society . 
  but many here are persuaded that secular democracy is threatened by some brown babies . 
  okay the world has changed since 1936 . 
  back then it made sense to arm every citizen against imperialist neighbours . 
  now this argument is completely obsolete . 
  belgium is n't armed and yet they have n't been partitioned . 
  i 'm pretty sure that there is much more to swiss pride than gun ownership . 
  i 'm also pretty sure that you enjoy using guns because of other reasons than your fear for the motherland . 
  i admire your fervour but i ca n't understand . 
  molded cheese is my identity . 
  but i would n't die for it if it was deemed unsanitary by the eu . 
  would it be more rational for switzerland to leave the schengen area because the eu published a legislation regulating the amount christmas balls you can put on a christmas tree ? 
  it 's a stupid law about a cultural issue . 
  is it really the tipping point to stop the cooperation with neighbouring states ? 
  i 'm just pointing out he is sounding melodramatic to me . 
  i said hobby because this is the word he used last time we discussed the issue . 
  so i disapprove of guns and i would be fine if there was no guns in the eu . 
  i do n't care about the black market either . 
  so i would n't even care if terrorists were the only one with guns . 
  but the world does n't revolve around me and my opinions . 
  just like i can disapprove of all religions , and yet recognize and fight to defend the right to practise any religion at the same time . 
  so i 'm against this law that is based on high principles , not on rational pragmatism . 
  it is just persecuting legal gun owners . 
  even if i disagree with them on principle , i think the state should legislate only if they expect tangible results for security . 
  this is not the case here . 
  she is also leading the party that wants to reduce access to contraception and planned parenthood . 
  many in the party have also spread misinformation several times like `` only gays can be infected '' and so on . 
  this is the whole point of the comic . 
  totally unrelated subreddit , you 're taking this a bit far . 
  you can criticize the practice of autobanning . 
  but do n't deny these subs were the origin of some brigading in offmychest . 
  i 'm more inclined to empathize with the mod here . 
  there is an incredible amount of posts in offmychest . 
  i 'm not surprised mods need help from bots . 
  it 's not completely innocent . 
  her party has advocated against planned parenthood which is instrumental to fight aids . 
  so she might actually the best ally of the virus in this election . 
  yet the national front is outraged we always propose a meal without pork in schools . 
  that seems to target jews as well . 
  they may be different for r/europe . 
  they 're not for the national front . 
  they call taubira an ape everyday . 
  they want to destroy the social protection for any of them that do n't hold the nationality yet . 
  i 'm not sure anyone can argue with them when we do n't even agree on basic premises like the lack of any genetic or cultural predispositions . 
  `` the slow end of ethnic europeans '' is the vocabulary of ideologies we thought dead . 
  it wo n't curb terrorist attacks . 
  legislation is so slow . 
  the new mo for terrorist is already to use cars instead of guns . 
  by the time the deactivation process for slovenian guns is fixed , terrorists wo n't care . 
  what this might change is the very marginal problem of hunting accidents . 
  gun specialists here have explained to me that they are very skeptical it would help either . 
  gun regulation is already much tighter than the us . 
  r/europe has convinced me that gun ownership here is not problematic contrary to the us and that this law is probably just overkill . 
  we 've already discussed this before . 
  so i understand why you are opposed to this law . 
  but you are ready to leave schengen over your hobby ? 
  ironically , the most effective way to stop this kind of legislation for switzerland would be to join and use their veto power . 
  i 'm amazed at multilingual countries like yours or switzerland . 
  i wonder how we could achieve it in europe without resistance . 
  i believe english literacy here is even lower than it was at the independance of india . 
  but i was also referring to religious tensions that seem even more pronounced in india than in france . 
  that may be selection bias because this is the only kind of news that can reach us . 
  but i 've heard of some fights between hindus and muslims . 
  i wish we talked a lot more about india . 
  you are one of the main poles of democracy in this world .
