  i believe there is a strong democratic tradition in those institutions . 
  oh i misunderstood what this meant . 
  i can see your point now . 
  i genuinely wonder what you mean by better, 
  and i can put butter on my bread with my machete . 
  does that make it a butter knife ? 
  i am reassured that if someone go on a mass shooting , he has to recharge after 10 bullets . 
  it might have saved some lives . 
  so it does n't appear absurd to me since it appears to bother only mass shooter . 
  would you care to enlighten me ? 
  but that 's what you believe , not what you know . 
  so the independance of india , the end of the apartheid , these are just * reforms * ? 
  maybe it will deter the gun industry to make big capacity magazines ? 
  then big capacity magazines will be harder to find ? 
  i really do n't understand why you are pissed off by using smaller magazines . 
  i do n't even know of a gun owner . 
  maybe some hunting guns , but they are n't affected by this legislation . 
  now , do you think that this difference is biological or societal ? 
  and are you comfortable to base your judgement of intelligence on a test designed to assess children 's development ? 
  i think these studies are food for thoughts but they are certainly not scientific findings . 
  [ he 's not simply hot . 
  he 's talking the subculture language . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh8pkha1s3i ), 
  [ i 'm talking about sandes de panado ] ( http://www.tasteit.pt/pt/blogue/12-sanduiches-tipicas-portuguesas ) . 
  but in my university they put mini fries in them . 
  and even if the traditional dish did n't use rice , i often had rice as a side dish in restaurants . 
  is it really worth the international condemnations and the loss of the moral highground though ? 
  you can be sure russia and the us will call us nazis every week if we open labour camps . 
  that law is taboo . 
  it was designed so no one would repeat history and send back jews to nazi germany . 
  good luck on changing that one , especially coming from the eu . 
  i actually am a fan of russian entries in the eurovision . 
  they are in for the win and i think it tells a lot about what they think we like in the west . 
  last year , they sent a low-key gay icon to sweden . 
  now they send an amazing disabled lady . 
  eurovision is one of the few events where russia is a full member of the european community where they appear to share the same values . 
  even if it is a cynical attempt to win our hearts , i like it . 
  this is how the spirit of competition brings us together . 
  refugee shelters in europe are severely underfunded , just like homeless shelters . 
  why would anyone believe an eu oversea refugee camp would be any different ? 
  to be fair , i think i 'm upvoted because people understand the other way around . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  i meant it as erdogan bombing the netherlands . 
  he seems to be enraged over this . 
  it would be awkward for the american military in turkey . 
  edit : and fun is dead . 
  am i the only one laughing at the idea of the netherlands exploding because someone said no to an autocratic gollum look-alike ? 
  yes an anecdote is something that happened in a single case as opposed to statistical evidence which consider the majority of occurrences . 
  i said this meaning that no one else in their right mind would eat british food outside of britain . 
  just as you argued that it can not be free choice because muslim women are the only one wearing headscarves . 
  but that 's just one anecdote as well . 
  it 's not because it was in a newspaper that it stops being an anecdote !, 
  i do n't think that 's the spirit of this rule . 
  it 's more like a company can ask you to wear a skirt for customer service . 
  it can ask you to show your hair as well . 
  imo this is just saying that headscarves are not protected from corporate dress-code . 
  now if i were a muslim employee , i may try to ask for my company to allow me to wear a non-threatening bandana-style headscarf if i really wanted to wear one . 
  why would brits continue to eat british food if it is n't imposed on them ? 
  if british food was truly made to be eaten , people from any culture would eat it at a roughly equal rate . 
  it 's because of the title of the thread . 
  every articles remotely related to islam attract redpillers who know everything about muslims . 
  what evidence are you even talking about ? 
  we are just sharing anecdotes in this thread . 
  but you are the one dismissing all the ones that does n't fit your narrative . 
  that 's against the international refugee convention . 
  we were allergic to labour camps for some reasons in 1951 . 
  i believe such camps already exist in jordan and lebanon . 
  they are funded by the unhcr . 
  but people leave them for europe because there is no prospect for a better life in these camps . 
  they are just temporary solution for refugees who aspire to do more than surviving . 
  they barely won euro2016 . 
  it should have been us !, 
  it should have been us !, 
  the worst were all the portuguese cheering loudly in the streets while everyone else was mourning . 
  but the conditions there are so horrible they regret leaving a warzone . 
  that 's not satisfying to me . 
  especially since people tend not to care about refugees if they are dying in beyrouth instead of calais . 
  barely any refugees in the australian camps will make it to australia . 
  i fear that if we create european camps in the middle east , most of them will be stuck there in horrible conditions . 
  that sounds like the australian offshore concentration camps . 
  how did we go from a meeting postponed to genocide ? 
  is it time to ask what happens if a member of nato bombs another member ? 
  when i went to the restaurant or the cafeteria in porto , they usually put some rice on the side even if it was n't on the menu . 
  a little bit like salad in france . 
  and my favorite sandwich had a whole chicken filet in it . 
  not a simple sausage . 
  they put rice in every meal . 
  they also have badass sandwiches with schnitzel and french fries inside the bread . 
  so i 've looked into it and the model to follow appears to be south korea . 
  america appears to be a blatant lie . 
  but while researching this i was impressed by south korea which seems to have trade agreements with everyone . 
  you do n't need to argue with bad faith when facts are on your side . 
  trade deals appear to be rare . 
  is there an entity with more trade deals than the eu ? 
  but the us is known to be somewhat protectionnist as well . 
  is there an example of a country with many trade agreements like the one the uk aspires to be ? 
  danes build the windmills !, 
  they are distasteful but they are n't nazis . 
  the worst rally to be authorized imo was `` the pig fair '' . 
  the protestor went in the streets and distributed ham to homeless people .
