  there are other more extremist candidate who are trotskyist , guevarist and every thing you can possibly imagine , but the traditional french communist party is behind m\u00e9lenchon . 
  i do n't know . 
  i fear m\u00e9lenchon is more likely to have representatives in parliament and more likely to form a coalition . 
  i 'm pretty sure le pen 's prime minister will be from the opposition . 
  tactical voting is seducing me in this situation . 
  edit : i 've changed my mind again . 
  contrary to le pen , i think that m\u00e9lenchon would n't dare to go against mass protests . 
  so if he pulls anything weird , i believe he would backtrack if there is public outrage . 
  railroad company will obviously be a monopoly as they wo n't be several set of railways . 
  but train companies can work in parallel , just like air companies can fly in parallel . 
  air companies wo n't compete on every lines , but they will on the most profitable ones . 
  there are markets , like internet providers or aeronautic companies that tend to be natural monopolies . 
  in principle , we have anti-trust laws for these because those monopolies does n't benefit the consumers, 
  in some french towns , the communist party won municipal \u00e9lections . 
  then , some of the communist mayors named some streets gagarin st. 
  it 's a shame , because gagarin should n't be admired only by communists . 
  mayors from any political leaning should name streets gagarin st. is it clearer now ? 
  it 's pretty divided but still slightly in favour . 
  i see the french have n't changed their mind about an intervention in syria since 2011 . 
  empire !, 
  - in cgp grey 's voice, 
  ok i know what i 'm eating for lunch . 
  i did n't get the joke . 
  but i got there was something with east melbourne . 
  it sounds witty , here 's my upvote . 
  to get the australian vote , you have to seduce the hardcore fan that will watch it at 6 a.m. because i was told most australians watch a rediffusion later the same day . 
  a czech went to space before a frenchman !, 
  i 'm blown away . 
  so did poland , east germany and possibly half of europe . 
  thankfully , we went up there 7 years before the brits . 
  edit : the brits were very very late to the game . 
  india , afghanistan , syria and a saudi prince went to space before britain . 
  the saudi family has really done everything : winning olympic medals , pioneering space flight , ... 
  i 've seen an interview of armstrong . 
  they made a world tour when they came back from the moon . 
  he was very surprised to find out that even in the most remote places , people claimed this achievement as their own . 
  it was truly perceived as humanity 's achievement . 
  there 's a compromise to be find . 
  i 've worked in a telecom company so i know they ca n't make a profit by maintaining the network in rural areas . 
  the state has to step up , subsidize and arbitrate between companies to ensure that the market reaches everyone . 
  that is the difference between neo-liberalism and libertarianism . 
  but a single company is still a bad idea in my opinion . 
  in france we have a single rail company which is subsidized where it is n't profitable . 
  the problem now is that lines that are n't profitable are cheaper than the main lines like paris-lyon . 
  hopefully , with greater competition on competitive lines , this will get better . 
  you 're literally the one saying politicians main motive in greece was to transfer money from the states to the banks . 
  this sounds like basic conspiracy . 
  i did n't call you out and try to understand how it would make sense for them not to want greece to recover . 
  i might be completely economically illiterate . 
  if i misunderstood how perpetual debt work , please feel free to enlighten me . 
  your reaction seems to imply greece would have to continue to pay interest on its debts which would n't solve anything , would it ? 
  he rebranded the communist party the same way marine le pen rebranded the national front . 
  sure they both are closer to the center than their party base . 
  but left-wingers fear the nazis in the national front more than marine le pen . 
  and right-wingers fear the former communists that support m\u00e9lenchon more than m\u00e9lenchon himself . 
  writing off the debt is effectively taking money from the banks , i.e. 
  the people who have money in them . 
  this is demanding money . 
  especially since germany would have to pay anyway to bail out the failing banks . 
  even in your worldview where most politicians are malevolent , you should be able to see that prosperity is better for the top 1 % . 
  it may even be the reason why capitalist society are statistically more prospere . 
  because contrary to other forms of economy , the governing class has no benefit to pauperize the people . 
  and right voters hating communists as well ? ... 
  i said that because some people here believe m\u00e9lenchon would be a good thing for europe . 
  he just does n't want the eu to be destroyed but would n't care if it was . 
  and you 're presenting that as a plot to make the most money on the back of greece as possible . 
  but you can not deny that eu officials would have preferred that greece thrived even if their policies were misguided . 
  the honest non-liberal alternative should n't involve demanding money from other countries . 
  because then we would be talking about two equally plausible solutions . 
  m\u00e9lenchon wants to leave nato 's command and said he would refuse to intervene against russia if the french did n't feel like it . 
  telecom really improved in france thanks to diversification . 
  sure it is not a perfect free market and competition might not have been the main cause for the improvement . 
  it needs to be a careful balance with a lot of government oversight . 
  there are many bad examples of privatisations we have to learn from . 
  we need to be careful . 
  but when you compare this to the weird decisions taken by our national rail company , i can see the benefit . 
  lending billions of euros to greece and refusing to give them even more hardly qualifies as being non-cooperative and trying to make them fail . 
  he also wants less democracy at the eu level and more state sovereignty within the eu . 
  he plans to disobey ecj rulings and he wants a national trade policy . 
  that 's hardly an europeist stance . 
  i 'm really surprised to see that le pen voters love m\u00e9lenchon more than m\u00e9lenchon voters love le pen . 
  i have the same problem . 
  i find it hard to believe assad would do this . 
  it is plausible but i have another explanation i think . 
  maybe assad does n't have full control of his own army anymore and it 's the responsibility of a middle officer . 
  that may be even more worrying . 
  when you compare to his condemnation of a young illegal immigrant , the difference of treatment is appaling . 
  when trump condemns mexicans , he accuses them of murder , drug-trafficking , rapes even when we are talking about an average illegal . 
  but when he faces a litteral nazi terrorist , he talks about divisiveness in very reserved terms . 
  single payer can help bring the prices down though as the state has more bargaining power . 
  for my czech grandparents , they were positive . 
  my grandfather no longer had a political profile so he could be an engineer again . 
  and since he could speak english , he was almost immediately hired by an american energy company . 
  they could afford a new house . 
  but most of the improvement of the rest of czechia became really noticeable in the 2000 's from my point of view as a regular visitor . 
  same in french for the english one . 
  i wonder where this one is coming from . 
  that 's slightly unfair . 
  it was also mentionned as one of the few countries not being an absolute monarchy at the time of the french revolution along with britain . 
  but yeah , basically nothing .
