  you face even more challenges regarding multiculturalism than europe or the us . 
  yet i barely know if you do that good or not and if we could learn from you . 
  yes people are worried . 
  i mean she will not win the presidential election . 
  but she 'll be an important force in the national assembly . 
  somehow people are less worried than in 2002 though . 
  because there is no element of surprise anymore . 
  being vocal for nativity scenes in townhalls but against the burqini or gay marriage is identity politics , pure and simple . 
  she 's not simply anti-immigration like r/europe would hope . 
  her party tends to be vocal against planned parenthood which is instrumental in the fight against aids . 
  so that 's a pretty big deal to continue aids prevention . 
  yes , but post this with a ben laden inside and it would be cool . 
  political satire is generally more okay when you attack powerful figures instead of random people . 
  she wants to ban every foreigners from getting social protection . 
  not just muslims . 
  even non-eu europeans living in france would get fucked . 
  and she hopes that all europeans are non-eu europeans . 
  please do n't read this election with american goggles . 
  the divide is more complex than left and right in france . 
  yeah , they also do n't believe in equal rights . 
  i 'm not ready to make any concession on that so we are in a deadlock . 
  economical anxiety may be a valid concern , identity politics is n't . 
  people said that reddit would begin a civil war if it was macron vs. m\u00e9lenchon . 
  but i ca n't imagine it being worse than this macron vs. abstention . 
  i do n't understand this either . 
  if it 's a small margin , liberals will address the concerns of the far-right . 
  they will expand internet surveillance . 
  they will be tough on crime . 
  however , if the center has a huge margin , they might have enough room to push for marijuana legalization or other centrist concerns that are going to be the first sacrificed to the far right . 
  it 's not because the far right and the far left are popular among the same demographic that they have the same concerns . 
  that 's actually a factor . 
  marine le pen might look reasonable but you can see that people close to her , that might end up in her government , are full of holocaust deniers and low key neo-nazis along with the democratic ultraconservative . 
  just like you can judge trump by the oligarchs that surround him . 
  a program is a promise . 
  and if you look at the closest supporters of each candidate , you can imagine in which direction the program will be pulled . 
  when you see m\u00e9lenchon spokespersons on tv and his supporters . 
  there are respectable altermondialist economists . 
  there are also many angry twenty-something that are just anti-intellectual . 
  fi is essentially a one-man party and it is hard for them to generate confidence or trust them to make compromises . 
  especially when some of them are saying macron and le pen are just as bad . 
  many sanders supporters simply did not bother to vote . 
  that was his point . 
  obama did n't change anything ? 
  are we at this point ? 
  some people do n't want to watch the world burn . 
  it does n't mean nothing has changed . 
  i think we can do better than fine . 
  that 's exactly my point though . 
  i was appealing to your emotions . 
  do n't you want to significantly distant yourself from stalinism for ignorant people like me ? 
  why should i be held responsible for a particular politician i dislike for very specific reasons even though he claims to be inspired by the same ideology ? 
  and we are comparing ivy league universities here . 
  for a community college , the difference is 400 $ to 3000 $ . 
  sidenote , part-time jobs are harder to find in france , so it is rarely viable to work and study at the same time . 
  from what i 've seen from american pop culture , students working a side-job is n't that uncommon . 
  that 's just super lazy and frustrating . 
  i know you hate it when everyone assume you want to establish gulags and kill politcal opponents . 
  you might be able to empathize with my disdain toward imperialism and trickle-down economics . 
  instead of actually talking about the alleged benefits of our ideologies , people will go straight for the strawman because we share the same umbrella denomination . 
  so the term becomes useless and i do n't want to be associated with it anymore . 
  then the term is meaningless because you can not group blair and thatcher and say they implemented the same type of policies or rely on the same ideology . 
  there are apparently two conflicting definitions for ` neo-liberalism ' : one that i like and one that i do n't . 
  they also have passed the threshold of 7 million voters for the first time . 
  turn out was very low in favor of the national front in 2015 . 
  but they have increased their electoral base since then to a number that did n't seem possible until last year . 
  it 's true higher education is mostly free in france . 
  for a basic university we are talking about 200 $ a semester i believe ( it can vary a lot ) . 
  for top quality public education , it can go as high as 2000 $ / year in stem , 6000 $ / years in economics . 
  but they are many scholarship programs . 
  two barriers remain . 
  the obvious one is , can the person afford not working for several years . 
  i 've seen some bright kids choose to study for garbage two-years diplomas because their parents refused to pay for them longer . 
  scholarships are often less money for the family than an actual job . 
  the second is more insidious . 
  higher education is a complex administration . 
  people who do n't know anyone who went through it might not find the cursus he likes or not feel welcome in a perceived ` elitist ' school . 
  this is where france has a lot of progress to make and i do n't have any easy solution . 
  yeah it 's higher than expected . 
  but it 's hardly an endorsement of the lgbt community . 
  it 's just `` d\u00e9diabolisation '' at work . 
  they 're around the national as the party appears more indifferent toward lgbt issue . 
  but most gay people are still disgusted by the national front like the rest of france . 
  being gay has barely become irrelevant regarding the support of le pen . 
  let 's compare this to being a rural unemployed men and there you will see a `` wellspring '' of support . 
  i 'm going to assume you 're a troll because you do n't even quote the motto of the national front . 
  you went straight for vichy france . 
  notre-dame has actually been a mosque since 1998 . 
  wake up sheeple, 
  i actually believe england would be the one to rebel first . 
  france was richer and most of plantagen\u00eat kings were born and raised in france . 
  he would effectively become the king of france , and of some lands oversea . 
  you 're right , but on r/france , they would call bush , reagan and thatcher neo-liberalists . 
  so i 'm not comfortable using the term anymore . 
  the bet here is to find out if france can work with a gro\u00dfe koalition as germany . 
  france really is n't used to any coalition whatsoever . 
  so i guess we 'll just find out . 
  i guess the `` beauf '' is pretty close . 
  i guess the closest stereotype would be the `` beauf '' . 
  they are supposed to watch `` touche pas \u00e0 mon poste '' and tv reality shows . 
  they have cringy american names like kevin or jessica from 90 's tv shows .
