  they like to camp in balnear stations during summer . 
  they like delicatessen and cheap alcohol . 
  i 'm sure some other french can expand on the stereotype and its nuances compared to the american redneck . 
  but i guess one of the main difference is even though they are n't intellectuals , the stereotype does n't necessarily include their political leaning or their religion . 
  i can imagine an atheist troskyist `` beauf '' . 
  each half of the coast voted for both leading candidates , so i 'm not sure i get your point . 
  it 's a bad indicator . 
  the correlation is weak . 
  there as much departments with and without a significant muslim minority supporting the national front . 
  the explanation is probably the other way around . 
  muslims immigrated for factory jobs in the 60s so they are more likely to live where there is huge unemployment now . 
  but unemployment affects rural areas without muslims as well . 
  unemployment rate is much better correlated to the national front results . 
  the map in the middle is a very convoluted stat . 
  and the share of all foreigners is irrelevant to the number of mosques for the one on the left . 
  as you can see on the middle map , most foreigners are n't muslims . 
  i wanted to post this one as well . 
  they were in the same party . 
  so it 's not completely unrelated . 
  he is famous in his valley . 
  as a deputy from there , he fought pretty hard to defend their interests . 
  he went on a hunger strike for more than a month to save a factory that is still running today and he spends his time walking to meet his electors . 
  he also has the thickest accent . 
  i do n't think you can say anywhere in particular . 
  and even then french rednecks seems to be pretty divided . 
  in limousin , one of the most rural region , they voted fillon . 
  in bretagne , they voted macron . 
  this is where you can see how centralist france is . 
  there are some trends nationwide . 
  but regions seem to change faster than in other countries about their political affiliation . 
  i half expected r\u00e9union . 
  but guiana is a real surprise to me . 
  30 % is a wellspring now . 
  keep spinning . 
  usually people vote more on the second round . 
  my guess is choice paralysis plays a role . 
  he wants to lower taxes on the poor in a significant way as well . 
  besides , the rich tax he is targetting is well-known to cause fiscal evasion and be a burden on poor people with a lot of patrimony like farmers . 
  we are far from the kind of tax cuts for the super rich that are popular in the us . 
  when he passively endorsed hollande , he was heavily critisized for it after . 
  i think he is going to think long and hard before endorsing macron . 
  now he has to aim for the legislatives . 
  it 's not an empty map . 
  if you click on it , you can see the results by commune . 
  it 's ugly and pretty useless . 
  that did n't change between 2012 and 2017 . 
  marine was already the one running . 
  this is going to be a long night . 
  there is a significant amount of people who voted for hollande in 2012 and for le pen in 2017 . 
  i really need a chat with one of them to understand what this is all about . 
  there will be tomorrow . 
  tonight they wo n't put the resources into it as it 's the popular vote that matters . 
  oh if closer has proof !, 
  the only source i trust regarding gay right-wing politicians is st\u00e9phane bern haha i 'm going to be cautious about things that `` everyone knows '' which are suspiciously close to `` everyone wants it to be true '' . 
  i would be psyched if that was true . 
  this couple would cause cuteness overload . 
  but that just does n't hold up . 
  usually the beard is supposed to look like a normal relationship . 
  however , marrying your former teacher is borderline more scandalous . 
  rural areas close and begin to count before cities . 
  so we 'll have a decent idea of the result once the poll closes . 
  they 'll immediately show the results they have so far . 
  that sounds highly unreliable . 
  nobody takes the same amount of cards . 
  and i threw mine at home . 
  you are the one arguing muslims will inevitably establish dictatorships wherever they are but he 's the one speculating . 
  then muslims in france vote overwhelmingly for the socialists who favour gay mariage . 
  what is your point here ? 
  but i really need to meet those people you talk about so much , i 've never seen or heard of them even though i live next to one of those so-called ghetto . 
  where are the murdered gays ? 
  surely the hundred of thousands of muslims have established shariah law during the last century of foolish liberal open borders . 
  or is it planned for next year ? 
  there is no law against blasphemy in france . 
  charlie hebdo may not have drawn mohammed just to rub it in . 
  but they have continued to draw imams in the most irreverent situations possible and they 'll continue for long . 
  and your ramble about public displays of homosexuality is just completely delusional . 
  populism for the rich . 
  i think i have heard everything during this election . 
  there are hundreds of thousands of them in france . 
  yet , no killings , no stoning , no hangings , not even among them . 
  there are some beatings . 
  law enforcement in france is not exactly iranian police . 
  you 're just shaking strawmen . 
  only the sith deal in absolute . 
  and extremely expensive . 
  is it macron or melenchon who wants to implement shariah law ? 
  i tend to confuse them sometimes . 
  so if i fear the far right , my solution is to elect them in office so they can get rid of another bully !? 
  that makes about as much sense as saying the best way to fight terrorism is to do nothing . 
  depends on what you call liberal . 
  but fillon wants to cut immigration to its bare minimum . 
  no she is n't . 
  she wants to repeal same-sex marriage when he only wants to keep them from full adoption rights . 
  he may be more homophobic than her in private . 
  but his program is more pragmatic regarding the issue . 
  he knows he would n't succed to reverse same sex marriage . 
  are we talking about an election between the islamist party and the national front ? 
  if you were liberal , would n't it make more sense to vote for liberals ? 
  why would gays be necessarily more liberal in the first place ? 
  they vote for the national front because they perceive muslims as a threat but they have at least two anti-muslim parties to choose from .
