  when my uncle was very sick , he said he acted in the name of the cia and jesus . 
  i would n't call him religious or pro-american though . 
  i 'm confused as well . 
  but i think that what shocks me is the level of hate . 
  a car crash is frustrating and sad because it 's so stupid . 
  but a crazy attack like the one in westminster was committed by someone so mad and so hateful that he wanted to die killing as many as possible . 
  the very existence of such people is more shocking to me * than sleepy drivers . 
  i 'm not sure it 's the whole story behind my feelings though . 
  i 'd be more willing to see the influence of the treaty of maastricht and the beginning of european cooperation , especially with the strengthening of the police and judicial co-operation . 
  i do n't have any source to back up my claim though . 
  correct !, 
  thanks, 
  online polls are much more favorable to `` smaller '' candidates when they do n't use a method of quota and correction . 
  online polls are biased when it is similar to a twitter poll . 
  you 're implying that the assimilation rate is 0 % . 
  this is a solution about as practical as banning cars . 
  there are millions of muslims in western europe . 
  there may have been about 50 terrorists in europe in the last 20 years . 
  actually banning cars would be easier to implement , more effective at saving more people and less damaging to the west . 
  i seriously disagree with you . 
  today was the perfect example . 
  instead of going in the streets with a semi-automatic rifle , this lone-wolf attacked the police with a knife . 
  besides , in most of the recent terrorist attacks in europe , police response time has been perfect . 
  they have been on the attack location as fast as any armed citizen could be . 
  more people would n't have been saved in nice , munich , brussels or london if the victims were armed . 
  a handgun is useless against a truck . 
  and the attacks are so fast and desperate that the victims are under surprise anyway . 
  edit : i upvoted you because your conversation was interesting, 
  this is what makes me despair . 
  i do n't think there is anything we can do to prevent such random attack . 
  but i 'm sure there will be a number of irrational restrictions just to show that they are doing something about it . 
  this is what 's happening in france . 
  my bag is checked everywhere . 
  universities open only one gate . 
  every metros are stopped if anyone forget their luggage . 
  all of those are simply annoyances , but i think it perpetuates the terror climate without actually preventing anything . 
  two panhandles for austroslovakia !, 
  somehow , homophobia and transphobia are not correlated . 
  the most extreme example being iran where transgender people are supported by the governement whereas homosexuals risk the death penalty . 
  that would be a weirdly consistent line of thinking . 
  but some people who said `` stop bringing up your sexuality '' said it because they did n't want to hear about the husband of the prime minister of luxembourg . 
  somehow , their marriage was sexual contrary to all the others . 
  it does n't work in spain , china or the us, 
  i think we are talking about the bill about things that are already built . 
  you wo n't see the end of the clubhouse and you wo n't pay for the end of the construction . 
  but it 's normal to expect you pay for all the time you were still a member of club . 
  macron is left of center in my opinion . 
  he even worked in a socialist government . 
  drag queens are not transgender . 
  being a drag queen is a profession or a hobby . 
  it would be like electing a tv reality star . 
  i can see why some people would have a problem with that . 
  statistically , there must have been one woman more competent than at least one prime minister in the last 40 years . 
  if none of them are elected , it 's fair to assume prejudice is what prevented it from happening . 
  since the 19th century , the french industry developped in the east where there was coal and iron . 
  now that industries are leaving or automating , many people are left behind . 
  those are more likely to be angry against globalisation . 
  and then you can add local variants . 
  in the south east , there are many families who were expelled from algeria during the independance . 
  the part closer to germany is slightly more religious than the rest of france . 
  ( religion may not be a good indicator in france though . 
  there is a significant leftist catholic population ) . 
  the east is our rust belt . 
  this appears to be quite old . 
  they still hypothesizes about bayrou . 
  i do n't know about latvia . 
  but the whole world seemed interested when our president cheated on his girlfriend . 
  if people wanted a transgender politician to remain discrete about it in france , i would call this double standard . 
  yes europe ended in poland in the minds of medieval europe before russia westernized and moved its capital to saint petersburg . 
  debatable edit : after all everyone came from africa . 
  someone will have to explain to me why the 6th century is sufficiently special to justify who is european . 
  that part became europe thanks to peter the great 's insistence . 
  your definition of europeans is as arbitrary as it gets . 
  by the same logic , barely any americans are actually american . 
  and most of northern africans do n't live in their homeland . 
  yeah i 've read most of ikea is owned by a dutch non-profit organization devoted to improve inside decoration . 
  it 's mostly to avoid taxes . 
  til hungarians are not europeans . 
  do you mean trst ? 
  it 's fun that none of modern-day moldavia overlaps traditional moldavia . 
  i wonder why the soviets did n't call this the bessarabian ssr . 
  yes it is . 
  you can visit it . 
  it is a monument historique . 
  i agree with you here . 
  the self-determination principal was completely disrespected . 
  not only in southern slovakia , but also in the sudetenlandt . 
  i also can understand why trust in hungarian willingness to change the status quo was so easily undermined by the czechoslovak delegation . 
  considering the long hungarian fight against the right of other minorities under the double monarchy and how unstable the first hungarian republic could appear to be . 
  horthy rose to power only a year after the trianon treaty was ratified after all . 
  apparently according to french wikipedia , no actual sieging occured and the seneschal living in the castle never rebelled . 
  the title of count was not claimed by the king himself but by someone in his family ( that 's my memory 's fault in this one ) . 
  but the king distrusted the seneschal who was very closed to the previous count so he passively punished him with the creation of villefranche . 
  he indeed feared the idea of sieging the seneschal if he rebelled . 
  so this was mostly accurate except for the hyperboles added by my teenage memory . 
  the problem with individual self-determination is that it does n't adress existing inequalities and oppression . 
  landowners in czechoslovakia tended to be disproportionately austrians and hungarians . 
  by dividing lands among countries rather than individuals , they effectively redistributed the wealth to previously oppressed minorities . 
  ( there is an argument to be made that masaryk went too far and crippled hungarian economy just for revenge ), 
  sometimes i wonder what awful border gore would have been the outcome of wilson 's plan to let every people the right for autodetermination .
