  the islamophobic message was thinly veiled . 
  but i 've noticed that in pharmacies there are some diff\u00e9rences . 
  when the pharmacy is in front of a kindergarden , or just a family-friendly area , condoms are more likely to be behind the counter . 
  in my university , they were showcased . 
  yes they are . 
  i think they are accurate and neutral in their reporting but their opinion pieces are center-left . 
  it 's still one of the newspaper which keeps a good separation between the two . 
  and arte is arguably the best tv channel on french television . 
  sometimes , they are a little bit too weird or artsy . 
  but they always avoid sensational crap for interesting content . 
  they have great documentaries and news shows . 
  and i will never thank arte enough for introducing me to miyazaki 's movies . 
  i was n't sure germans were aware of that . 
  i know it 's very impressive in czechia too . 
  the sudetenland is the least pleasing part of the country because of the landfills and the houses abandonned by the germans in the 40 's . 
  was the us more equal at the time ? 
  i know that we were in continental europe but i thought that it was because had there properties destroyed/stolen during wwii . 
  i do n't know if they loved him . 
  but my family is still mocking him for being such an alcoholic . 
  i think you have to keep in mind the left of this is graph is most of the mainstream media . 
  the rest is regional or tabloid . 
  but i love that we have a public option just like in the uk . 
  it prevents a race to the bottom in my opinion . 
  not as much as before . 
  your entries are so good !, 
  that 's so cool !, 
  fyi , there are junkyards all around germany . 
  it 's apparently because germans used to throw their garbage there to avoid paying a garbage fee . 
  i think i understand the criticism but i do n't understand how trade barrier is anything but maintaining a status quo . 
  i do n't understand how sovereignists can oppose separatist movements as well . 
  every countries have several regions with different economical and political interests . 
  east germany and west germany have very different economical backgrounds . 
  but in the case of france i find that particularly hypocritical . 
  sure there is the normal diversity in the metropole . 
  auvergne is heavily subsidized by the eu . 
  paris is integrated in the global economy . 
  the north is losing its industry to foreign competition . 
  the south is worried about refugees . 
  and the central national government have to balance the interest of everyone even if everyone wished to dictate its interests to other regions . 
  but then someone argues the metropole share more interests with french polynesia than with germany and i laugh . 
  and m\u00e9lenchon is a great fan of oversea territories , but he speaks of them as dependencies in my opinion . 
  there is a true debate to have about balancing the interests of all the regions in a single entity . 
  and this balance is better achieved through a union which acts as an arbitrator . 
  in your example , there are many solutions that can be implemented by the eu imo . 
  subsidies for local produce , harmonize regulations between the french and polish labour markets , aid to help the transition of french farming . 
  those are probably mediocre ideas , i 'm not a policy maker . 
  but i do believe it is the eu that should ease this conflict . 
  the alternative , protectionnism , appears to be rooted in xenophobia in my opinion . 
  the french deserve more than the polish to be protected and make a profit . 
  it 's a consistent view of the world , but one that appears very wrong to me . 
  so i understand where le pen is coming from when she wants to leave the eu . 
  but i see no valid circumstances under which m\u00e9lenchon can argue for sovereignty . 
  if they rule , they will need to form a coalition with the republicans . 
  the party base of the coalition would be much larger and closer to the center . 
  i 'm still worried though . 
  i think he is talking about unity . 
  even in dead horse , alaska , you care and you know what happens in d.c. , new york and los angeles . 
  the us is as important as the eu as a whole or china . 
  but europe remains very much foreign to each other even if we share many values . 
  no one in france reads about what is happening in poland . 
  few know what is happening in brussels . 
  we still lack a common destiny feeling . 
  without that , it is difficult to have credible strong international leadership . 
  that 's , like , your opinion man . 
  and you should really look it up . 
  for example , women should have the right to be sterilized without the authorization of their husband . 
  this right is not protected in the us . 
  i understand and i am apparently downvoted because i believe that turkey is closer to alabama than saudi arabia in that regard . 
  women faces more challenges in turkey than in most of the west . 
  but turkish feminists are fighting against patriarchal culture just like the rest of first world feminist ( some are more legitimate than others , sure ) . 
  turkish feminists are not fighting for the right to drive like in saudi arabia or the right to go to school like in afghanistan . 
  usually , when people disregard third-wave feminism , they point to iran as an example . 
  so when someone says the same tired talking point about turkey , i assume he is comparing turkey to the rest of the muslim world . 
  so i repeat myself , the fight of turkish women for equality in unpaid work and sexual liberation is closer to the campaigns in spain and poland than qatar . 
  even if the threat to their rights from erdogan is greater than anywhere else in the west . 
  it 's not simply what he says . 
  we can look at his record . 
  the republicans can say they offer `` better '' care , but then we can look and see they lie . 
  macron does n't seem to have been inconsistent so far . 
  we kind of did it before when greenland left the eu . 
  denmark became the successor state , but it was already most of the previous state so it 's slightly different . 
  free-trade within the eu area is inscribed in the treaties just as free-trade within france is inscribed in the constitution . 
  it 's just an issue of equality and unique rule for all europe . 
  being against free-trade within europe but for free-trade within france is just europhobia and sovereignism . 
  you can not run for a regional council on a platform of bringing trade barriers to protect your region 's economy without being called a separatist . 
  i believe m\u00e9lenchon 's rhetoric is just sugar-coated euroskepticism . 
  he agrees with the political union and some degree of harmonization . 
  but he wants the death of the economical union that he perceives benefits more to the elite . 
  i might consider vote for hamon , but i sure wo n't vote for his party in the legislatives . 
  it 's an actually exciting election to go through because we have an unusual diversity of serious candidates and no one knows for certain the outcome . 
  he does n't want a more democratic eu because he does n't respect the eu democratically choosing to be liberal . 
  instead it want to pressure the eu by using the threat of french sovereignty . 
  this is typical of the far-left refusing to compromise . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is someone extremely intelligent and i have a lot of respect for him . 
  but he despises * politics * , ie . 
  negociating , compromising and listening to the majority . 
  which are better correlated to poverty rates than religion . 
  but we can continue to criticize them and pressure them to be less biased anyway . 
  they are always * accurate * . 
  honesty is yet to be proven .
