  it also means ` pussy ', 
  along with all the immigration from the continent . 
  this will not stand !, 
  it 's the other way around . 
  italy is rightful savoyard clay . 
  many communists did in france . 
  most of them were atheists . 
  would n't that be because gaddafi did n't trust his own army so he hired subsaharan mercenaries ? 
  i do n't know , the corrected bmi for tall people tend to label me even more underweight than the regular bmi . 
  so people apparently think tall people are unfairly labelled as overweight . 
  yeah i was surprised by the difference between france and belgium , or austria and czechia . 
  the difference might not be that clear after all . 
  during the press conference , a malian journalist had forgotten his name . 
  on the second try she called him `` emmanuel valls '' . 
  claiming crimea should have been russian all along might be a hint though . 
  wow you just gave the perfect argument why we should keep the two elections separate . 
  some people here argue that we should make them simultaneously to benefit from the higher turnout . 
  anyway , this is the card the right-wing of les r\u00e9publicains is trying to play . 
  `` even if you voted for macron , vote for us so we can keep him in check '' . 
  but the message is undermined by the other half which wants to join the presidential majority . 
  my childhood house was under a kilometer of ice during the last ice age . 
  after it melted it left only a puddle called the lake bourget . 
  maybe they just look for some few months old messages that talk about their sexuality or trust a russian lgbt group who knows who is part of the community there . 
  one picture for france was n't sufficient , we had to hijack you just like russia hijacked lithuania . 
  yet the law forbids to send refugees back to libya and syria and you have a problem with this law . 
  with a growing older demographics , sending working young people away seems to be a genious idea . 
  many comments here wants to prevent europeans from rescaping people from sinking boats . 
  they also say if more people died , less people would have the courage to immigrate . 
  i just put a different spin on your lack of self-awareness . 
  and there are more dead kids floating on the mediterranean than in the streets of europe . 
  refugees have the internet . 
  they know many people die in the sea and they do n't care . 
  because the risk is worth it . 
  in my opinion , unless we begin to commit actual warcrimes , they wo n't be deterred to come here . 
  people in this thread are delusional . 
  no , it 's a two round system as well , and other candidates usually gang up against the fn on the second round where they are qualified . 
  well it happened to de gaulle as well . 
  and the party of giscard d'estaing was less than ten year old when he was elected . 
  france does !, 
  france does !, 
  they 've seen worse . 
  it 's also a complete strawman . 
  i have an aunt that is a lawyer specialised in determining where mena asylum seekers are actually from . 
  she knows the different arab dialects and she asks trick question about the place they claim to be from . 
  liers are rapidly exposed . 
  both exists and both face the same challenges with their family , with the police or with potential love interests . 
  it 's not exactly as if people ask them if they actually are muslim , they just look at their face . 
  how would your brain handle gay muslims ? 
  no but new languages like interslavic or esperanto aim to be one . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/standards.png ), 
  i am reading it the opposite way . 
  people liked hamon more than his own party . 
  they are disappointed by the socialist party as a whole because of its own divisions and their inability to rule during the last presidency . 
  but qualifying your own music as the champion of good music is a pretty douchy thing to do, 
  this is how macron won !, 
  there 's a 99 % chance he was born there . 
  it is n't usually like this . 
  but ` they ' come here everytime there is something about lgbt or muslim people . 
  this thread is a combo . 
  well the lgbt flag is cool-looking anyway . 
  i do n't see why we would n't take it out . 
  my computer at work autocorrects me to french without my consent . 
  so it constantly puts accents on words like ` coop\u00e9ration ' or 'd \u00e9monstration ' . 
  is it possible that ` f\u00e5r ' is a swedish word , but ` far ' is n't ? 
  they should stop styling their hair after me :p, 
  the notorious multiracial gay jewish nazi . 
  i should join their group . 
  i 'm sure i would be welcome . 
  i do n't love him . 
  i appreciate his skills . 
  just like i can acknowledge putin would probably win if we made a hunger game with all the world leaders . 
  that 's the nuance between respect and endorsement . 
  i guess that might make sense . 
  after all yaoi is intended for straight japanese females , not gay european males . 
  sure . 
  i think people are more surprised that this ad company thought they would find potential customers here . 
  i still have to figure out why i was harassed by a japanese commercial for perfume . 
  why are nazis ruining nazi hair ? 
  i love to have nazi hair ... 
  but in fact you can subscribe , watch the movie and immediately unsubscribe for the price of theatre ticket . 
  i do n't really understand why we need to bring big principles in . 
  in practice pay-per-view and subscription without commitment are basically the same . 
  but if they do n't reform , they might be signing their own death warrant . 
  they could at least create a separate category for online movies for their safety . 
  i 'm not even talking about his ideas or his intellect here . 
  i 'm just talking about his speech problem . 
  have you ever read one of his interview transcript ? 
  i would n't know what to answer to any of his sentences . 
  i 'm barely able to understand what he means . 
  i think you 're right . 
  but i 'm going to admire the skill . 
  even for a billion dollars i 'm not sure i would be able to keep a straight face listening to his rambling . 
  somehow , this made me respect xi jinping a lot . 
  i do n't know how he manage to get along with trump and even change his mind . 
  sorry i understood your argument completely backward . 
  now that i read it again , your definition seems to be narrow and useless . 
  why should we distinguish between neoliberalism and this hypothetical centrism . 
  i return you the same criticism about macron . 
  every political movement is advocating for change nowadays . 
  you can not argue that macron wants nothing to change and that the change he will bring is dangerous .
