  so voting for the national front is not an optimization of their loss of rights . 
  they actively chose the most anti-gay party of the bunch . 
  how so ? 
  he talks about lightening labour laws , reducing the spendings and lifting regulations on the banks . 
  it 's far from promising what the people want regardless of its likeliness . 
  the `` death sentence strategy '', 
  but my russian friend told me she should have done a trade or a law school to earn money there . 
  she emigrated because she want to earn her life doing stem . 
  lasalle has a consistent program . 
  cheminade however is such a joke that even though he is n't ironical i 'm definitely taking him as a satirical candidate . 
  i 've not yet decided if macron is more alike obama , clinton or trudeau . 
  i guess analogies can only take you so far . 
  she would n't appreciate the stolen spotlight on this issue . 
  they fought as hard against the name ` marriage ' for same-sex couple . 
  and the main point of marriage is succession rights . 
  no one needs the state to put a ring on them . 
  so the adoption part of the law was the main point of this law . 
  finally , the rest of the right were n't exactly vocal supporters either, 
  you 'd still expect them to be lower than average given the platform is openly anti-lgbt . 
  but it 's not nearly as much as an endorsement as some newspapers have claimed it to be . 
  i 'll just make clear before i 'm accused of being disingenious by a brigade that the vast majority of muslims are still in the lower class so there are still probably somewhat practicing for the majority of them . 
  but my anecdotal evidence shows that the current state of things is really not a fatality if they are given the chance to assimilate . 
  not as much as catholic french people . 
  but in my middle class acquaintances , i would say about a third is more agnostic , a third is secularized and a third is practicing . 
  those who are homophobic do n't have a problem with me even though i 'm gay . 
  for the lower class , things are probably different . 
  the practicing muslims i 've met are very similar to practicing catholics imo . 
  they are mainly talk . 
  they sometimes come up with elaborate excuses to bend the rules ( like receiving a blowjob during ramadan ) . 
  they rarely talk about it in public but they do when white people ^ tm ca n't stop asking questions about it . 
  obviously , i 've never met a salafist who probably would never hang out with me . 
  it 's just easy for me to remember they are the unicorns among muslims . 
  in the marais , they are in their sweet ivory tower . 
  it 's rarely those who see muslims everyday who vote for the national front . 
  well , what people need to understand is that there is a divide between the marais and the rest of the community in france . 
  the marais is far more likely to attract upper-class male gay people that have generally been dismissive of the rest of the community . 
  i 'm not surprised that would be where we find le pen supporters . 
  i was triggered by the comparison . 
  now that i 'm calmed down . 
  i 'll just say that most of sarkozy 's rhetoric was centered on security and french identity . 
  they may be similarities between the two , but they give very different feels . 
  they hinted that even schulz might oppose this . 
  i hope germany and france will find an effective compromise . 
  for once it shows that rapes might be underreported elsewhere . 
  i think it 's sad . 
  but today nobody is talking about it . 
  anecdotal terrorist attacks are not that newsworthy anymore in france . 
  b-but those revolutionnary departments are all of similar size and have no border gore contrary to these filthy noblemen domain . 
  it 's sooo rational , like the metric system !, 
  in my opinion , it 's not the state role to care about any specific culture . 
  the french republic was thought to be universal . 
  it was regressive in the past when it destroyed local cultures . 
  nowadays it 's just passive about it . 
  i do n't see the point of the state getting involved to revive dead languages like in ireland . 
  let the people choose what language they want to speak . 
  catalan is useless in france so they do n't teach it to their children . 
  we 're not in the 30 's anymore when children were punished if they did n't spoke french . 
  however if they love some local holiday , they will transmit it to future generations . 
  i 'm extremely proud to be savoyard and we learn about our regional history . 
  but cultures evolve , real life is not some kind of museum where we should keep things as they were . 
  i 'm bewildered by the spanish idea that because we renounced to our regional languages as impractical , local cultures have obviously been homogenized . 
  it may have lost some of its flavour there and then it diverged somewhere else . 
  savoie is alive and well even though we have been divided in two departments a century ago and we do n't have any special regional representation . 
  i do n't understand why laws and budgets should inevitably have an impact on local culture if we do n't create special treatments . 
  administrative divisions should n't be the main factor in someone 's identity in my opinion . 
  versailles is . 
  but even then 23.5 % is hardly ` full ' . 
  besides most people vote for fillon because they want less taxes . 
  this happened everywhere . 
  we did n't keep the name of every single territorial exceptions . 
  the perche disappeared into normandy . 
  the valois disappeared into picardy . 
  the marches in limousin and now in new aquitaine . 
  and most regions are not represented by a government entity anymore : dauphin\u00e9 , anjou , saintonge , ... 
  but all of them continue to exist in the folklore and in the mind of the inhabitants . 
  regions in france are about territorial policy , not as much about identity . 
  this is why i think we should find new beautiful names to the other regions . 
  hey !, 
  normandy and occitany are improvements !, 
  the rest is awful . 
  he literally shares some big ideas with le pen . 
  like the end of the detachments . 
  this would destroy so many jobs in my industry . 
  i really think you are right . 
  but i think this strength would be very temporary and even more focused in german hands . 
  this is why i really hope macron wins . 
  he 's more likely to advocate for a compromise between the south and germany and bring back some balance in the eu dynamic . 
   contrary to what i often read , we do n't plan to leave the eu : we aim to force the renegotiation of its treaties by means of unilateral disobedience . 
  potato potato i think i understand now . 
  they have the same strategy as an union going on strike . 
  but contrary to workers , sovereign states are not protected by social laws . 
  if france goes on strike , the eu can fire her . 
  or more realistically fine her . 
  us too , this really should be compared to the rate of pessimism about the future in general . 
  i 've heard that this is n't picking up speed so far because of this . 
  the advantage of the railway over boats is the speed . 
  but containers can be blocked more than three weeks at the border between china and russia . 
  and the delay is hard to predict . 
  i do n't think they should standardize them , but they certainly need a better hub at the border on the russian side . 
  my second is pe\u00f1a nieto , macron is about third .
