  we do n't really know who is holding the information that would favour the establishment . 
  she 's not lgbt-friendly but her n \u00b0 2 is gay for what it 's worth . 
  french people really do n't care about politicians ' private life . 
  the ultra-conservatives will elect a gay politician as long as he fights against his own rights . 
  their point however is that deportation is putting the security of a foreign criminal below the security of a domestic criminal . 
  they were n't arguing whether it was ethical . 
  they were asking how it was discrimination against natives when a native doing the same crime would have had a lesser sentence . 
  the dozens of thousands of muslims in the french army disagree with you . 
  muslims are disproportionately represented in the french army . 
  many did return to spain when franco died . 
  some people genuinely love their country . 
  my grandmother said that at the time , the photo op could last more than 15 minutes . 
  they were simply bored by the end of the take . 
  my great-grandmother always looks like she is about to murder the photographer . 
  fair point . 
  they are probably worse than pence . 
  i believe that it is simply a difference in degree , not sufficient to separate turkey from the rest of the west when it comes to women 's issue . 
  i think it would be even worse than obama for le pen . 
  because it is the pm 's responsibility to submit law proposals to the parliament . 
  the pm would become the most powerful actor in domestic policy . 
  when it comes to universities , yes i think . 
  people in the north have no problem going to big universities in paris while there are several tech centers in the south . 
  toulouse is the space center , montpellier is specialised in medicine , nice in ict . 
  that would explain why innovation is spread out in the south but centralized in the north . 
  but when it comes to the economy , the divide was usually more west-east . 
  except auvergne , many of them are the regions of the `` french sun belt '' where there is a line of scientific tech centers from toulouse to lyon and sofia antipolis . 
  the west is dynamic but not necessarily innovative if i were to believe what i was taught in geography . 
  however , she will need to ally the republicans in the national assembly . 
  if she fails , we could have republican-socialist coalition and she will need to nominate a prime minister from the majority . 
  explain to me what they have to protest that women in the west do n't face , please . 
  what do you mean ? 
  women in turkey had the right to vote before france and japan . 
  turkey is relatively secular and they are a comparable amount of women in the turkish parliament and in the american house of representatives . 
  they have full abortion rights and contraception is easy to access . 
  they are pretty much first world feminists . 
  i wonder if your prejudice is n't showing here . 
  that 's a french brand of neo-liberalism then . 
  because even if he promotes free-market and deregulates the work market . 
  he does n't seem to criticize healthcare spending or jump on the privatisation band-wagon . 
  edit : `` d\u00e9r\u00e9gul\u00e2tes '' , my auto-correct is a fan of the past subjunctive . 
  in economy , just like in any science , you lay out your hypothesis and objectives . 
  economists can objectively research what is the most effective way to reduce inequality , boost growth or whatever . 
  then the public subjectively chooses what is important to them . 
  furthermore , economic researchers are often slightly biased to the left if anything . 
  as economy majors from the right are more likely to actually work in finance . 
  do n't blame economists for what politicians value . 
  you can not go around and say that no other countries in the civilized world does not recognize the language of regional minorities . 
  lithuania is not alone there . 
  it 's a poor and misleading argument . 
  the argument should n't be `` everyone does it '' when it 's false . 
  you should instead argue about the actual benefits or principle to support recognition . 
  i have no opinion in this debate . 
  but the poles here repeatedly used fallacies to counter actual lithuanian arguments . 
  what they say is not perfect , but at least they are n't lying . 
  france does n't recognize any regional language either . 
  i think it 's pretty common among centralized countries . 
  do you think that southern italy or flyover us would fare better with an economic policy of their own ? 
  this is why i hope for schulz . 
  britain wanted a multi-speed union with less integration than the current status quo . 
  here we are discussing a multi-speed europe for faster integration . 
  it 's pretty ironic that they invited in the countries that pushed them out . 
  unpopular for the half of the continent which would see its tax rise . 
  the idea for a common tax rules is to be able to implement a continent-wide strategy . 
  if the common tax rules have too many exceptions and diff\u00e9rentiations , we risk undermining its very purpose . 
  i fear the obsession of the eu for compromise might lead to what you describe though . 
  at this point , no matter the political ideology behind it , any common economical policy is better than the weird and heavy compromise we have . 
  we have to make a choice between further integration or stepping back . 
  yes but a common economic policy that may solve many euro-zone problems was mostly opposed by non-eurozone members . 
  no democracies do n't always naturally gravitate toward bipartisanship but most of simple election systems does . 
  parliamentary systems tend to preserve more political diversity . 
  the degree of intervention of the state has n't always been the relevant difference between the right and the left in most democracies . 
  for a long time in france during the iiird republic , both the right and the left wanted extensive intervention of the governement but for different subjects . 
  and this definition becomes less relevant because le pen would be on the left if we were trying to describe her regarding state intervention . 
  ultimately , the right and the left are just a convenient way to organize political parties in the parliament . 
  what the right and the left stand for slowly shifts . 
  it 's strange to think that political thought will naturally become two opposed ideologies because we practice democracy . 
  why though ? 
  every one in the eu is elected or appointed by elected national governements . 
  that 's seems democratic enough when we do it for national governements . 
  this problem of perception seems to come from national governments acting all surprised when the guy they appointed propose an unpopular piece of legislation . 
  who are you answering to ? 
  he did n't mention refugees or racism . 
  the problem with trump and brexiters is that even if you agree with their demographic anxiety , the rest of what they are doing is inconsistent with their voters . 
  tax breaks for the wealthy , the deconstruction of healthcare . 
  alternatively , macron polls high but he has barely any voter base . 
  most of his electors are saying `` i 'm voting for him , i guess '' . 
  so even the smallest scandal could bring him down . 
  i guess that kind of judgement depends on how much you value political diversity . 
  because what you describe is bipartism and many people feel left out in a two party system . 
   in france you have eastern europenas and people from ex-colonies coming in herds citation needed , immigration is at an all time low in france . 
  vinea is overrated and the core of the earth is just uncomfortable . 
  martinique is fine though . 
  i 've looked into it and there are about 10500 civil parishes in england compared to the 36000 in france . 
  and even that is misleading because there are several civil parishes within a city . 
  france is far more extreme than i thought with several communes without any inhabitants and a dozen with less than ten of them . 
  i do n't know what is worse . 
  an empty synagogue that becomes a monument to what is no more . 
  or no synagogue , as if there never was any jew in warsaw . 
  i 've went there simply because i 've read yoko tsuno . 
  i 've been to all the locations depicted in the comic .
