  no one know what will be threatening europe in the future . 
  protecting some of the last strategic weaknesses in europe makes sense . 
  but i think our argument here is useless because you do n't seem to see any benefit to nato as a whole . 
  my argument is that military irrelevance is not a good argument once you consider montenegro as a strategic addition to the european military apparatus as a whole . 
  you could make a honest point about russian ties or whatever . 
  but being dismissive of a country because it is small and disregarding its ties to the neighbouring allies just is n't a good argument . 
  i highly doubt the aleutian islands has the logistics to deploy anything to montenegro . 
  that 's hardly an argument . 
  ok then . 
  you should n't care about montenegro nato membership either then . 
  because this will never concern you as a work-a-day citizen . 
  what were we talking about ? 
  and the european allies have to defend the aleutian islands as well , regardless of their relevance . 
  but usually there are more women migrants than men . 
  so that does n't hold up . 
  many of the obstacles valls faced were caused by the divisions within the socialist party in the assembly and the lack of leadership from hollande . 
  i do n't think he was that great but i would n't blame all the failure of this government on him . 
  hopefully macron will form a sufficient centrist coalition . 
  otherwise he will fail even harder . 
  speed limits on highways still help . 
  even if the total fatality rate is lower in germany , it is higher than france on highways . 
  or maybe the 200 protestors were mainly chinese because they were somewhat related to the victim ? 
  200 is just friends and family . 
  let me try to reformulate . 
  an anti-federalist would n't consider democracy and state rights incompatible . 
  some of them may not mind more direct elections for an eu executive body as long as the politicisation of this executive body could be limited somehow . 
  the very idea of non-politicized elections seem strange to me but i guess i can see that as a basis for an argument . 
  yes even the worst deserve a trial and due process , not ethnic cleansing and starvation . 
  no contradiction here . 
  this is this pesky thing called universal human rights and i happen to believe in them . 
  what ? 
  are germans being terrible and poles being slightly less terrible mutually exclusive ? 
  how me saying that germans lost everything and that many starved to death equate to negationism ? 
  are you saying that * every * german deserved to lose everything in the lost territories because of the holocaust ? 
  how is that justice ? 
  how is that not the same kind of blanket statements the nazi used ? 
  i do n't think there was any other possible alternative at the time . 
  but the least we could do is acknowledge that the germans did the absolute worst in poland and that the poles did some shameful things that we should n't forget . 
  and you think poles resisted the order and helped the refugees fleeing the country ? 
  or did they immediately steal everything that was left behind ? 
  in the village where my grandparents live near the germano-czech border . 
  the new mayor even buried his mother in a german grave because the tombstone was pretty . 
  the poles and the czech were absolutely complicit in the german expulsion , even if they were n't responsible . 
  no one is asking for reparations here . 
  i think we would just appreciate if we were n't sugar-coating history with the traditional bad guys/good guys dichotomy and depicting the poles as the eternal vicitims . 
  i recognize my fallacy . 
  you should recognize that you eluded my question as well . 
  i 'm going to make an effort to understand . 
  in my opinion , there is a paradox between more state rights and more democracy . 
  because the more you give importance to the state , the more intermediates they are between the people and the federal executive body , ie . 
  `` i 'm not sure how democratic it can be to vote for someone to vote for someone who votes on whether or not things go through '' . 
  if this premise is false , this means we get to directly elect the executive body of the union ( through direct elections or the european parliament ) . 
  in my mind , such a government would qualify as federalisation . 
  let me try a strawman . 
  maybe if the legitimate federal government can be vetoed at all times by any member state . 
  then you would have a democratically elected anti-federalist government . 
  but in my opinion , the fact that half of the parliament in malta could veto any piece of legislation in brussels sounds like the antithesis of democracy . 
  maybe we do n't understand the lack of democracy the same way . 
  you say `` just no one knows what they actually do '' . 
  i respond you 're right !, 
  because the states have the final say in the european council anyway , it 's hard to care about the responsibility or accountibility of the eu . 
  state rights prevent the eu politics from being that relevant so the press does n't care about them . 
  in my opinion , the solution is yet again federalisation . 
  maybe we do n't mean the same thing when we talk about democracy . 
  for me democracy exists when the majority decides the direction we should take and where checks and balances protect the opposition from the majority . 
  in an union where states appoint the executive body , it is unclear if the majority is really in power . 
  and the constant need for unanimous decisions is what prevent the majority from taking many crucial decisions one way or another . 
  so i really do n't understand * how * `` state rights * allow * a more democratic union '' . 
  a more consistent point of view would be : i do n't share enough values with the rest of the union to accept the legitimacy of a democratic union . 
  so i would perceive the decisions taken by a federal government to be a foreign diktat rather than democratically legitimate . 
  i prefer a bureaucracy which is more likely to protect the statu quo . 
  but did they really need to call the first poster dishonest twice and explain how they misrepresented the truth because they chose to explain that k\u00fcstrin is n't in germany anymore in a single sentence ? 
  they could have said that they thought they should bring up a nuance or that they were uncomfortable with the word `` annexation '' . 
  they were just a dick about it . 
  it 's no surprise everyone gets defensive after such a post . 
    when you engage in an extensive historical explanation about circumstances . 
   oh i am so sorry that i tried to use more than two sentences to point out that historical context matters . 
  i 'm sorry i misspoke . 
  no problem with long history posts . 
  i just find them a little awkward when they appear to be a super long attack to a technicality in the previous post . 
  but the czechoslovaks only expelled them . 
  the expulsion was even more brutal that the expulsion of czechs from the sudetenlandt by the nazis . 
  they had barely any time to prepare and most of them lost everything . 
  nobody cared at the time , but now we can recognized this was wrong . 
  just as deserters during wwi were absolutely hated back then , but now we can have sympathy for them . 
  i think `` trigger '' is the correct terminology when you engage in an extensive historical explanation about circumstances . 
  especially when someone was just innocently pointing out that this town is not in germany anymore . 
  if we were actually talking about the moral implications of this border change before your intervention , i might have thought you were not overreacting . 
  i remember reading one `` history of france '' comic from the 70 's that talked about the end of the karling dynasty in france . 
  there was no heir to the throne and the nobility looked for an heir . 
  in the end , hugues capet rose to the throne and founded the enormous capet dynasty ( which devolved in bourbon , valois ... ) . 
  but at the time , there was a bishop nostalgic of the karling empire which advocated that the german emperor should inherit the throne of france . 
  he said it would prevent the constant wars between the two countries . 
  what was the funniest was the disclaimer in the comic . 
  they told the reader we should not be too hard on the bishop . 
  something like ` he was misguided but the idea of nation state was weaker at the time ' . 
  in the 70 's the bishop probably sounded like someone from the vichy regime but now he sounds like an early european father . 
  the king of france regularly bribed the conclave . 
  the emperor wage several wars to affirm his temporal primacy . 
  many popes were puppets acting in the name of kings .
