  and he 's more of a frontist than a gay man . 
  he never speaks about it and he 's never advocated for gay rights . 
  he 's close in status to ben carson , frontrunner of the republican primary for some time if you remember and a black man who does n't recognize racial issues . 
  that photo really is n't representative of what i see everyday . 
  and no one should care about the personal love life of politicians . 
  there are plenty of other good reasons to criticize trump besides talking about how he married an illegal immigrant who could have been her granddaughter . 
  someone pointed out that she blamed his movement for the bad euro implementation . 
  he was 14 at the time the process began . 
  they were one of the first party to support a woman . 
  i 'm ready to give credit to the fn where it 's due . 
  that 's less than 5 % of the national assembly when they get 21 % of the vote . 
  even the communist party had that many seats and they never got that kind of support . 
  okay let 's not exagerate his unusual relationship . 
  she was his highschool teacher . 
  that 's really funny how strangers are obsessed with macron 's wife and are all over this mention . 
  yet i fail to see it posted anywhere on the french internet . 
  the french really do n't seem to care at all about this . 
  australia can not send away their citizens . 
  we 're still relevent !, 
  we 're still relevent ... 
  there might be a billion french-speakers by the end of the century !, 
  do n't let our dream die :'(, 
  he had more to gain not to talk about unsubstiated conspiracy theories . 
  that 's a bold claim you make . 
  soros is funding domestic terrorism now ? 
  but i can dishonestly demonize bill gates too . 
  `` most of his funds serve to finance unfair healthcare systems held by corrupt dictatorships . 
  he 's sold to aggressive hospital companies who are milking africans in exchange for subpar care . 
  he 's also bribing many local officials that perpetuate the rule of the jungle there forever . 
  really , africans would have a shot at democracy if it were n't for gates 's subsidies to the local administrations . '', 
  i 'm sure i can even throw a money-laundering scheme in there . 
   he influences many countries he has no right to influence i really do n't understand why he 's being singled out . 
  bill gates is praised for doing exactly the same thing . 
  gay icon as in ` straight dude that russian gays love ' . 
  think of a russian male madonna . 
  he even was a model for a gay magazine there . 
  just look at this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh8pkha1s3i, 
  ukraine sent a dragqueen to the eurovision years ago . 
  they 're just playing to win . 
  russia sent a gay icon last year . 
  you have a point but please do n't use this map . 
  their calculations are somewhat controversial . 
  i 've read there are 5 % of practicing catholics in france , and they are very divided . 
  there are left-wing catholics in france . 
  they 're not enthusiastic about gay marriage , but they 're one of the driving force behind the refugee program . 
  they 're inspired by pope francis . 
  i do n't think le pen stands a chance for this part of the catholic vote . 
  sens commun is not even specifically religious ( even though they 're still mostly catholic ) . 
  they 're just homophobic and for `` family values '' . 
  yes it does . 
  but some republicans might vote for it even if they oppose the national front . 
  i guess we can make this happen . 
  i definitely think she is . 
  but everything they did or did n't say led up to this night . 
  let 's see how the debate goes . 
  macron may have kept his best for tonight . 
  edit : as i suspected , she was destroyed at the debate . 
  and it was mostly her own fault . 
  le pen softening on the eu . 
  promising to appoint dupont-aignan . 
  going hard on macron . 
  she 's leading an impressive campaign but it somehow does n't seem effective . 
  flatsharing is big in france for those who can not afford to live on their own . 
  could it be the difference ? 
  sterilize me , no . 
  but just imagine you had to fuck a dude to become a father . 
  that does n't sound pleasant now , does it ? 
  there 's no right to children . 
  but they already check your financial and social stability when they consider you for adoption . 
  why would the gender of my partner even be relevent ? 
  this is just basic bigotry . 
  i already need to work harder than anybody else to build a family . 
  i really do n't need the government to play against me on top of all that . 
  and then i could talk about all the sob stories of parents separated from their children because their filiation was n't recognized by the government . 
  maybe i want a family you know . 
  that 's a pretty fucking big deal . 
  i 'm not scared for a piece of paper that would make me special . 
  i 'm scared because she wants to prevent me from having children . 
  lol . 
  and you speak about gay people like you know what they care about . 
  so i guess , welcome to reddit . 
  this why i like our constitution based on human rights . 
  i do n't think the status of washington could ever be constitutional in france no matter how many amendments we try to add . 
  our constitutional court probably would n't let this fly and would stop this . 
  i do n't think democracy and fair representation should be up to political parties . 
  we 're not perfect though . 
  france needs to be careful about gerrymandering too . 
  from a french point of view where we 've got a new constitution every 70 years since the revolution . 
  i 'm fascinated by the importance americans give to the intentions of their founding politicians . 
  why should anyone care about what jefferson or any other dude with slaves thought dc should be ? 
  is n't what dc has actually become more important ? 
  have you read the national front platform though a few months ago ? 
  le pen wants to prevent most poles from getting any jobs in france . 
  she actually advocates discrimination against legal r\u00e9sidents , even europeans . 
  in france , our journalists understand so little about your concept of generations that they call them generation y. 
  you 're the only one doing it for the presidential election . 
  almost every country somewhat does it in the parliamentary election . 
  for example , someone living in st pierre et miquelon has one representative in the national assembly for 6000 inhabitants contrary to the usual 100000 . 
  translated to the us , most of the world would say the current senate is sufficient to ensure the representation of inner states . 
  that sounds a little bit biased though .
