perth is one of the most remote and boring city in the world . 
  josh thomas is both the most likable and the most despicable guy on earth . 
  yeah that 's true . 
  but i 'm in favour of an un-led coalition just like in afghanistan , not selling arms to `` moderate '' rebel groups . 
  proxy wars come back to bite you in the ass , just like the time we funded bin laden against the soviet . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  but i believe it 's not good enough to ignore the middle east and expect them to run out of propaganda against us . 
  for 9/11 , it was the occupation of palestine . 
  for the paris attacks it was a combination of french strikes on mali and syria . 
  the war in afghanistan provided fuel for the propaganda of islamists , i recognize that . 
  but not intervening in syria is not preventing isis to find another fucked up excuse to do some terrorism and convince muslims of any victim narrative . 
  i know that many people from both political leanings really believe that we are making it worse by bombing them . 
  but i tend to see the result of the afghan war : it utterly destroyed al qaida . 
  the iraq war and the arab spring were far messier which sadly led to the apparition of isis . 
  but i believe we are able to destroy this organization just like the previous one . 
  edit : oh i realized you were literal as in the us literally gave weapons to isis . 
  but why would you assume this is what i support ? 
  you do n't think that 's a legitimate position ? 
  i would prefer to have another afghan situation than the current situation in iraq and syria . 
  is it really that unreasonable ? 
  i would n't argue that countries can become developped economies overnight . 
  or that it 's easy to get rid off corruption . 
  but nobody hopes to turn syria into sweden or switzerland here . 
  but in croatia or poland , there were no more political prisonners or secret police pretty fast , and some fair elections even if the choices were n't great . 
  personally , i do n't even hope for a democracy anymore . 
  but i firmly believe a democracy was possible in 2011 contrary to the popular opinion . 
  almost nobody here are journalists or scholars . 
  we are just talking and sharing our thoughts . 
  i get things wrong . 
  i repeat things that comfort my biases . 
  i try to learn from my mistake . 
  you can correct me and teach me that the taliban is more than some sheep shaggers in the north . 
  but i really hoped that people would look past my technical delusion and begin to address my overarching argument and my main talking points . 
  but i guess it is more constructive to go on a smug and dismissive rant . 
  the share of afghan refugees has been dropping to be fair . 
  their journey sometimes take a few years and most afghan asylum seekers are now refused . 
  now after saying that , afghanistan did not become a rosy paradise overnight . 
  but compared to iraq , it is night and day . 
  a kosovo or lebanon situation is still better than a syria situation in my opinion . 
  no good alternatives and a perpetual peacekeeping force to maintain the status quo . 
  but no widespread terrorism , no more civil war , and not too much mass emigration . 
  the problem seems to be that no one is ready to invest the resources required for such a plan in a country as large as syria . 
  ok let 's settle for better than iraq , libya and syria . 
  i 've based my opinion on kabul which is better than it has ever been ( afghanistan has n't known peace for half a century ) . 
  afghanistan is turning out pretty well . 
  most of the eastern block became democracies overnight . 
  succesful transition to democracy can be slow like in portugal , myanmar ( hopefully ) or south korea . 
  it can also be really fast like in tunisia , east germany or czechoslovakia . 
  i really do n't believe all the wisdom about the inability of the middle east to form a democracy under external pressure . 
  we have literally one or two data points behind this thesis . 
  and contrary to iraq , there is some ground support for a foreign intervention in syria . 
  now the real question is : `` are we ready to spend the resources required to be involved in an extensive peacekeeping mission for maybe a decade ? 
  is the potential end to the civil war , the refugee crisis and a horrible terrorist organization worth a long and costly interventions that will involve many casualties and stain our international reputation ? '', 
  now that is some serious conspiracy theory !, 
  i love your bold dishonesty . 
  yet afghanistan , or even libya , turned out better , if not by much . 
  that 's pretty cold to be satisfied with mass slaughter as long as we are assured that none of them will come to kill one precious life of a westerner in a terrorist attack . 
  isis and assad are just as bad for the syrian people . 
  i 'm ready to try any third option . 
  it 's not good enough to settle for the one who wo n't kill us here . 
  it was the textbook definition of an half-assed plan though . 
  we refused to give ground support . 
  and then you proceed to ignore the comment pointing out the bombs were delivered by an aircraft . 
  they did n't put sanctions because it is unlikely russia knew about the chemical attack . 
  but they also held back so they can still use it as new sanctions as a threat . 
  now tillerson will be in moscow and they will negociate about assad . 
  my hope is that russia will finally stop supporting him and work toward a compromise . 
  i believe at this point the west will be okay to support even baathists as long as assad is out . 
  there is a window for a solution but everything comes down to putin and the image he wants to project about himself . 
  i think it is mostly explained by migration toward the south , the colonies and the us . 
  i suspect the scots are a bit like bretons in france . 
  they seem to be overrepresented in the colonies . 
  maybe it has something to do with their seafaring culture . 
  i moved from the alps to paris . 
  i 'm horrified everytime i go to one of these so-called forest . 
  you can not blame your healthcare problem on the military . 
  i would even argue that the unwillingness for other countries to step up is partly the consequence of the usa constantly putting the un down along with china and russia . 
  at first i thought you were sarcastic by mocking the americans saying that . 
  but it 's not because of her euroscepticism that they do n't vote for le pen . 
  it 's more likely because they hate her love for the police and her religious undertone . 
  i believe he 's very well-meaning and honest . 
  he can be pretty insightful . 
  i would n't say he just wants to please the crowds . 
  i believe he is just deluded . 
  le pen and macron are losing in share of the decided vote . 
  but i believe it can be accurately explained simply by the fact the vast number of undecided voters are beginning to choose m\u00e9lenchon after the debates . 
  hmm i 've never seen muslims protest against my rights in france . 
  i however seen a million ethnic french marching the streets shouting that i was a disgusting pedophile that wants the end of western civilization and should n't get married . 
  sure few of them did beat some faggots behind the cars . 
  but let 's put in perspective who has the power to send a message here in europe . 
  not a nazi apologist here , but this title is implying homosexual slaughtering was their specialty . 
  but it is actually a global free-for-all when it comes to torture the gays . 
  the us , the nazis , the soviet union , britain in the last century . 
  morocco , uganda , zimbabwe and chechnya to this day . 
  religious or not , every kind of regime has tried its best at this sport . 
  when you use the n word here , it sounds like they are excusing all that happened between the nazis and today to the gays as if it was n't really that horrible . 
  but the truth is that everything has been pretty terrible everywhere up to the 90 's and more than half of the world to this day . 
  so let 's not forget that . 
  i suspect you are the kind of people saying having a kid in ethiopia is irresponsible . 
  or maybe it is irresponsible if you work a factory job in this economy ?
