  which german-speaking area was annexed by yugoslavia ? 
  the closest i can think of is the german minority in vojvodina . 
  the czechoslovak corridor was yet another masaryk 's proposal not represented on this map . 
  masaryk is not south slavic and the plan proposed to annex hungarian land . 
  i 'm familiar with your general hungarian anger toward trianon by now . 
  i think i would be a cultural christian if i was raised in a nordic church . 
  they seem to focus so much on positivity . 
  was spain auto-sufficient regarding food production in the beginning of the 20th century ? 
  i think even france was n't before the war . 
  it would explain why war abroad would impact spain . 
  that sounds inaccurate . 
  you can see serbia and the rest of yugoslavia are separate . 
  and i ca n't believe any south slavic diplomats would advocate for the annexation of any german-speaking area . 
  and your little stab at masaryk seems to be uncalled for since czechoslovakia is much smaller on this map than what it ended up being . 
  hungary has its full size on this map . 
  you are the one saying we need to set up foreign aid instead of letting foreigners come and work in our system and you are the one complaining we can not help people by giving them stuff ? 
  but you finally answered my question . 
  now i know what you are telling yourself to feel good about border control . 
  it 's interesting that they began to label countries that did n't exist yet . 
  i wonder why most of austria is included in jugo-slavonia . 
  i think everyone agree that when louis xiv demanded that every noblemen in the country should live in versailles was the moment we took centralization to another level . 
  if anything napoleon was more regionalist than most for the political climate at the time . 
  the republic had waged war against federalists but he gave some more powers to the departements . 
  they were still under his direct control so he was very much a centralist but i 'm surprised you are singling him out . 
  now you understand why france was uncomfortable with #prayforparis after the paris attack . 
  maybe the communists were more convincing when they implied catholicism was a tool of the austrian monarchy given all the czech background . 
  meanwhile in slovakia the catholic church played an important part in the `` independent '' slovakia during wwii . 
  i missed an awesome opportunity . 
  damn it !, 
  i still do n't understand why is protecting our `` limited resources '' more important than helping people living in terrible conditions in camps outside ceuta and melilla . 
  if `` europe is nowhere near ready to deal with it '' , why should we put in place a long and selective process to prevent mass immigration instead of getting ready to deal with it ? 
  how doing something that is morally right can be too expensive ? 
  forgive me for the comparison , but i ca n't stop drawing the parallel to slavery advocates who said it would be a burden on our western way of life if slaves became free citizens . 
  you do n't need a single definition of christian culture to acknowledge its existence . 
  when we talk about identity , labels often have blurry definitions . 
  what does it mean to be dutch ? 
  the only common thread appear to be holding the nationality . 
  is that all that makes you feel dutch ? 
  a piece of paper ? 
  furthermore , is what makes you feel dutch common to all dutch people ? 
  sure christians who do n't believe in god are technically not good christians . 
  but technically , christians would need to abandon property and believe the end is near . 
  so maybe the fact someone feels christian is the most useful definition to talk about their community . 
   it may have been the wrong course in hindsight , but quitting it does n't seem to have fixed the problem either . 
  i thought you were talking about actual historical colonization here hence the misunderstanding . 
  the lack of rituals for atheists make it hard to define what atheist culture even mean . 
  atheism is a pure idea , without folklore . 
  i 've heard some swedes love to go to church and be part of the community even though they do n't literally believe what is said there . 
  they also share some of the values of the church which they believe is sufficient to call themselves christians . 
  but no one is debating that there is n't different sets of legal rights . 
  we are debating what is ought to be . 
  unless you are arguing everyone should n't have the same right . 
  then i guess i ca n't argue with you . 
  my belief that everyone deserve equal rights is fundamental and unjustifed so i ca n't explain why everyone deserve equal rights . 
  i 've been there and they told me this awesome story . 
  the king of france had a claim on the * county of toulouse iirc so he invaded it . 
  najac was a major town at the time and the castle was one of the hardest to attack . 
  it was the last standing and the siege promised to be very long . 
  the king could not bother to wait that long . 
  so he declared the creation of villefranche de rouergue 10km from there . 
  `` villefranche '' meant it was a city free of royal taxes . 
  by the end of the year , half of najac had moved to live in villefranche . 
  nowadays , najac is an irrelevant village with an enormous castle and church . 
  and villefranche de rouergue is the local urban center . 
  now you know that tax breaks can win wars . 
  nb : this is a story i 'm telling from memory of what the guide told me there . 
  i really should check if it was romanticized . 
  what problem are you talking about here ? 
  there was no `` problem '' that european powers needed to fix before they invaded africa and the middle east . 
  pulling back did n't help to solve the problems caused by colonization . 
  but i really do n't see how we could solve them without stopping colonization first . 
  even now that the situation is different . 
  i do n't see how the infantilization of local population and the destruction of the local political class and culture will solve anything in the long-term . 
  even if we solve the civil war and poverty with our `` we know better '' \u2122 solution , i do n't think it can outweigh the political destabilization caused by protectorates . 
  because the last time we did that it was called colonization and it worked out really well . 
  you 've just said that legal rights and privileges are not universal !, 
  what does that mean ? 
  that it 's a right to move within your own country and a privilege to move to another one ? 
  i was just trying to understand how arbitrary national border can justify the difference between right and privilege . 
  but you answer me by saying rights and privileges do n't mean the same thing in the ussr . 
  wow !, 
  we are really moving this conversation forward . 
  so you are saying the distinction between right and privilege is meaningless ? 
  what are we even debating about then ? 
  in the ussr , estonians had to apply for an authorization to leave their region , to go anywhere in their own country . 
  is it a privilege they lost ? 
  or a right ? 
  i 'm saying the syrian civil war * is * worse because it is lasting longer and there is barely any hope this will end . 
  but i guess there is no objective way to compare them . 
  so you say people in developping countries deserve to be excluded from western standard of living because they did n't have western education ? 
  you do n't know any of this . 
  if anything , the us is the example that you can have mass migration from backward countries and remain a shining nation . 
  many people who came in the us at the beginning of the 20th century had never experienced democracy and could n't read . 
  the us survived just fine . 
  so are you saying `` fuck them i have mine '' ? 
  i do n't understand why people in the west feel more entitled to their quality of life than the rest of the world . 
  are you really comfortable with the privilege that came with your place of birth ? 
  nobody would go back to hungary before the 90 's . 
  i think at that point the west would be your home . 
  the rwanda genocide did not last for 6 years .
