  i 'll let you judge if you find that hypothesis reasonable . 
  what happened to `` there must be other considerations as well '' haha ? 
  and now the eu consider that the main consideration from now on is not pissing the eu off . 
  that seems to be a very reasonible shift in eu foreign policy . 
  it helps closeted people to show them they are not alone . 
  but it would n't be reasonable to say that parades were what led the general to be more tolerant . 
  it just proved them that this community existed and will not be silenced . 
  in my opinion , tolerance grew thanks to books and tv shows . 
  it grew thanks to normal people , public figures and celebrities from every backgroung coming out . 
  editted, 
  membership in the eu is sufficient to move anywhere in europe . 
  romanians have the right to live anywhere . 
  schengen just removes the border check and enforce the free movement of goods . 
  if romanians are already able to travel and live anywhere in europe . 
  it 's not that hypocritical to consider we are a single body when it comes to movement of the people . 
  technically , romanians are already allowed to travel and live in france . 
  if anything , it 's just a pain in the ass for the one deported because he is deported far from his home country . 
  similarly , we usually deport all americans to new york or atlanta regardless of their home state . 
  immigration between europe and japan is sufficiently anecdotal that the trouble we 'd go through for reciprocity is not worth the benefit imo, 
  that 's not consistent then . 
  portugal and hungary overstays significantly more often than both poland and * bulgaria . 
  it 's logical the eu would want you to harmonize and treat us like an homogenous group when the restrictions are not consistent with actual data . 
  that 's a very fair criticism . 
   or is it just another dating scene to you ? 
  the answer is probably yes . 
  when 1/20th of the population might be interested in you but you do n't like to hang out in bars or clubs , you have very few options . 
   do majorities have parades in france ? 
  france has protests and parades for anything but it 's true that pride parade remain one of the most sizable because of its ambiance . 
  25000 per year out of millions is nice but if you are the only one doing it , it 's a stone thrown in the ocean . 
  i 'm not blaming them too much , they seem to do their reasonable part . 
   where does sexuality come into the whole thing ? 
  it seems like a sort of self-segregation to me tbh . 
  gay carnivals , gay football clubs , gay night clubs etc. 
  we are a statistical minority , some of us like to have some events to find like-minded people . 
  the analogy i will give might not be perfect but i hope it will give you some insight . 
  people have fought for the freedom of religion for years . 
  now that every religions are equal before the law , should every religious person always go to religious events together ? 
  sometimes you can enjoy being among people who are from your religion and `` segregate '' yourself , even though another church might practice the exact same celebration over there . 
  people who chooses to read christian newspaper or attend a christian charity party are not hiding from other religious or non-religious group . 
  some gay people prefer not to go to places where sexual orientation is the primary focus , some do . 
  and it 's not a question of shame , inequality or distrust of the rest of the population . 
   what exactly does assless chaps , strap ons , bondage equipment etc. 
  have to do with equality ? 
  straight people can be into leather , bdsm and so on as well but they do n't get an annual parade to remind people . 
  lol it has nothing to do with a specific sexuality at all so what 's the point ? 
  this is closer to the other point i made . 
  all those kinks and non-conforming communities were instrumental in the fight for sexual liberation in the 70 's . 
  the sexual liberation at large benefited lgbt equality . 
  i think we continue to celebrate them during parades even though they are n't representative of the community anymore because historically they were the one who supported us . 
  i understand that this is often misunderstood and this is why i say the parade is not meant to appeal to straight people . 
  note : straight people who are into leather , bdsm and so on continue to come to the parade as well because it is a very inclusive environment for them . 
   other minorities do n't have annual parades , and if they did , i hope they 'd use them for more than a semi-naked party tbh . 
  i do n't understand why would the majority only be entitled to parades ? 
  i 'm not trying to convince you to come to a parade . 
  i 'm just trying to explain why even introverted and uneventful people might appreciate the parade . 
  it 's probably less important than gay tolerance or lgbt equality . 
  but i hope people better understand the causes behind the existence of gay culture and why there is nothing inherently bad with it . 
  hear hear !, 
  there 's one question though . 
  everyone in the eu has the citizenship , but not everyone is in the schengen area . 
  who should have this eu passport in your opinion ? 
  i agree with you , equal visa standard does n't seem to be reasonable . 
  but equal treatment for the complete schengen area make sense from an european perspective . 
  the negociating power of the eu should serve the interest of eastern europe as well . 
  the agreement is 2 % . 
  the us should spend less so the rest can usefully spend more . 
  germany and france lowered their budget because it was basically overkill compared to the american budget . 
  then this is the full reciprocity that was agreed upon . 
  most countries take those who survived the travel to their country . 
  basically none are going to lebanon or jordan to alleviate the burden of these countries . 
  you know , it 's liberating sometimes ( exactly once a year ) to be in a crowd where people assume you are gay . 
  it 's a burden you carry most of the time and you realize it only when it goes away . 
  plus , it 's not sexuality segregated at all . 
  it 's a place where straight allies can experience how it feels to be the sexual minority while having fun . 
  but i tend to agree , apart from questionning gender expression , the political message in progressive countries tend to become less relevant . 
  it becomes more of a simple celebration . 
  they tend to take it a little bit more seriously than it really is . 
  ok now you equate nudity to masturbation . 
  nobody believes that . 
  are there giant billboards of people masturbating ? 
  are people masturbating at pride parades ? 
  masturbation is not ok in a public space . 
  however if you are masturbating in your room , i 'm the aggressor if i watch . 
  you are discussing this in bad faith now . 
  yes masturbating is agression because you give someone unwanted attention . 
  but if i change clothes at the back of my car , you are the one responsible for the attention you give me . 
  people at the parade are more ambiguous because they want people to watch them . 
  but they do not specifically target or pursue you so i think this is fine . 
  that 's not a gay thing . 
  a pop star can not complain people are watching her boobs if she shows them on stage , and the public can not complain they have been exposed to boobs if they knew it was going to happen . 
  the difference between someone showing nudity at a parade and someone waving a dick in your face is the intent . 
  the latter is an aggression . 
  it works both way . 
  if you are peeing in a bush and someone come up to watch , he is the aggressor . 
  that seems intuitive to me . 
  mercenaries who are perpetually employed by france then . 
  what is the difference with an army ? 
  i 'd argue that you are not necessarily homophobic . 
  you are just stuck up . 
  how is it retarded to have fun in the way you want to ?
