  taxes come after you have the income , most of the pressure is taken off graduates . 
  both systems have their qualities but my ideological opinion put me to the european side . 
  history will tell , but the eu is much more the scapegoat in my opinion . 
  i think the root of the rise of the far-right is simply the recession and the violence of islamic radicalism . 
  i have nothing but my biases to back this idea . 
  when it comes to cultural differences , i 'm the result of the european melting pot so apart from the language barrier , i do n't think europeans are that different . 
  even in the middle ages we traded rulers from country to country and most monarchs could n't even speak the language of their kingdoms . 
  i believe we put too much focus on our few diff\u00e9rences as a consequence as the rise of the nation state . 
  those states are pretty much as arbitrary as the american ones ( just look at belgium ) . 
  they served their purpose but they appear to be obsolete to face the challenges of globalization . 
  upcoming french elections might be the most important one for the future of europe this year , we 'll see how it goes . 
  if that reasoning was correct , no one would be living in india because their life could be better elsewhere . 
  migration is a little bit more complex than a good opportunity . 
  you got ta love the fact that statistics are left-wing propaganda meanwhile made-up terrorist attacks are the right-wing propaganda . 
  both fit a narrative and they may not be entirely in good faith . 
  but one is much more serious than the other . 
  i think they just do n't debate the same thing . 
  he is not arguing the usa is poorer than slovakia . 
  the ihdi shows that on average poor and middle class slovaks have better access to healthcare and education to counter-weigh the lower income they have . 
  this indice is known to favour european countries because they perform a lot better on access to social welfare than actual wealth . 
  safety is just about narratives . 
  if you look at the stats , europe is favoured . 
  then you look at terrorist attacks and europe is the worst . 
  you look at school shootings , there are never heard off in europe . 
  but we have this peculiar tendency to set cars on fires in france . 
  i think that it is more rational to trust un stats than to trust how you feel by watching world news . 
  i can assure you that no one emigrate to america for safety ( we would go to canada , australia or even israel for the jews first ) . 
  the average person do have higher income in the us and their houses are super cheap . 
  but they also work more , have more expensive healthcare , have crippling student debts . 
  depending on the person it may look balanced . 
  the lower class however is far worse off in the us than in sweden however . 
  apparently not , but they have usually a lot more debt as soon as they are out of university . 
  but the us never won the eurovision song contest . 
  so i guess it 's fair play . 
  sexual assault would be unfair because they are rarely reported in the us when there are thoroughly registered in sweden . 
  if they used the same definition and the comparable methods to count them , you would be able to make a meaningful comparison . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  sweden already has already its borders open to every europeans . 
  i know several french people who went to live there . 
  we do n't have the same definition of poor . 
  yes americans have significantly higher incomes but many enter active life with a crippling student debt . 
  meanwhile education is practically free in most of europe . 
  my conclusion is that you can not end this debate because each side chooses metrics that favours them and choose to disregard what does n't fit their narrative . 
  i believe the continental society and the american society are so different when it comes to wealth that they are hard to compare . 
  b : it 's very insidious though . 
  some people are bankrupt and their life is over because of a big accident . 
  what 's unfathomable for us is that americans spend twice as much of their taxes on healthcare for an incomplete coverage . 
  they still have to pay for an insurance in parallel . 
  from europe ? 
  that 's pretty much the only reason i can think of . 
  you have the most prestigious companies and universities with the best salaries . 
  if you 're an artist , it 's the place you 're more likely to become world famous and make money . 
  wealth is a huge advantage the us has on europe , but i ca n't think of any other significant one . 
  i wish sometimes people would remember the 70 's with the bank robbers and the anarchic bomb throwers . 
  we live in the most peaceful time in europe and yet we live in the most hysteric time since the 50 's as well . 
  bavarians seem to be a special kind as well . 
  he mentionned brussels , paris , nice and munich where there were terror attacks . 
  and then he speaks about sweden . 
  it 's natural to assume there was a pattern . 
  but i actually think his speech is so confused that he just meant what he saw is happening on the news the night before . 
  but that is n't necessarily reassuring . 
  he constantly talks about unrelated things one after the other and it 's the audience which has to make the effort to understand his thought process . 
  this is worrying for the american diplomacy if no one can be 100 % sure what the president means !, 
  the production is so big that basically every american processed food use soybean oil and it even becomes a viable alternative for cars . 
  but it 's not particularly healthy nor environmentally friendly . 
  the land would probably be better used by other crops . 
  i meant companies can sue states that discriminate against them by breaking a free-trade treaty like ceta ( it 's not the first trade union to have this process ) . 
  but i was told those company usually fail to prove discrimination . 
  i 'm pessimistic so i will give 1/3 chance of winning . 
  but her traditional charisma may be her doom . 
  she 's not that different from an usual politician . 
  i think she looks much more like ted cruz . 
  it 's so sad that the ump/lr keep putting their worst in their leadership . 
  i think it is a little bit of both . 
  the politicians have to explain their opinion and defend their d\u00e9cisions . 
  then the media analyses , questions and investigates their claims . 
  the problem i see nowadays is two-fold . 
  many politicians do n't care to explain ( in france , i know it 's partly because people stopped electing people who sounded like school teachers ) . 
  this is the worst at the european level . 
  ( who has ever heard the commission defend their position ? ), 
  furthermore , the media always had difficulties being fair to other political leanings so the coverage is often biased . 
  that would n't be such a problem if everyone was exposed to every bias . 
  but national news tend to disregard european news . 
  and people can more and more live in their bubble listening only to their favorite media . 
  but i remain hopeful for the media . 
  recently french media seem to revive investigative journalism for exemple . 
  the opposition often argue it would be the slippery slope to the trans-atlantic partnership . 
  it 's kinda valid . 
  i 'm against trade deals with the us as long as they do n't raise their standard to european trade practices ( except gmos that i do n't mind ) . 
  but canada is so tiny that it is a step in the good direction . 
  as nafta may disappear , canada would adopt european regulations i believe . 
  but i guess this means you can legitimately be against ceta if you are against eu regulation in the first place . 
  companies can sue states , but i 've been told they usually lose because the burden of proof on the company is overwhelming . 
  is that true ? 
  sorry you got downvoted . 
  i understand that subsidies for the agriculture are important because of food security . 
  but a lot of these subsidies are strange . 
  milk overproduction is a problem in europe and the soybean situation is just ridiculous in the us , both are caused by subsidies . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  i was somewhat arrogantly pointing out that i was surprised an american would know that .
