  is nudity that bad ? 
  the pride parade is also an attack on all those puritan views . 
  if you are really inconvenienced , you just need to move along . 
  it would be homophobic if you do n't mind naked ladies being on giant billboards though . 
  it can be argued that foreign aid is a defense issue as well ( the marshall plan was ) . 
  the us have some legitimate criticism to make about eu defense spending . 
  but threats and insults are not serving his point . 
  this is why europeans feel the need to point out where the us is failing . 
  but bill gates is transnational even if it is based in the us . 
  i 'm sure at least a third of their donors are not from the us . 
  the us can not claim all the spending made by american foundations . 
  we have been doing this for two centuries in the l\u00e9gion etrang\u00e8re and i do n't think there is a language requirement . 
  i 'm pretty sure that we are already taking many of the foreigners interested with military life and a path to life in europe . 
  ok so itt , people are uncomfortable with pride parades . 
  many lgbt are uncomfortable with pride parades as well . 
  but i think they do not understand why it is this way . 
  pride parade is not meant to normalize lgbt people , or to appeal to straight people , or to legitimize the community . 
  it 's a protest against the statu quo and it is meant to be somewhat shoking . 
  it 's also a celebration of the excentric personalities who created the movement and fought for the right to everyone to be themselves . 
  because the gays who lived discretely and who were conforming did nothing for their rights for the longest time . 
  those who threw the first stone at discrimination were the personalities that were so excentric they could n't possibly conform to the norm . 
  at stonewall , they were cross-dressing and transvestite living an obscene nightlife . 
  but it is thanks to them that i can live quietly my gay quiet and conforming life . 
  even though i 'm not `` fabulous '' , i think pride should remain outrageous even when we are close to equality to celebrate those who fought for our rights . 
  hey !, 
  that 's france 's idea !, 
  i guess that 's french humor then because highly agitated replies are part of the fun for me , as long as you have some self-depreciating humor . 
  i know it 's just a cultural divide . 
  but in my feels , maternity leave or single payer healthcare are just common sense and completely basic . 
  similarly you might find our hate speech and lack of self-defense laws to be completely immoral would n't want to share the title `` land of the free '' with us . 
  you may have described brits , french and spaniards here . 
  the rest of europe is very aware of their weaknesses and do n't live by the legacy of any great empire . 
  every time someone bring up european healthcare , or paid leave , or any basic social security on reddit . 
  there 's a bunch of triggered americans explaining to us that our system is failing and they talk about how we live without freedom and some nonsense . 
  there are also quite a lot of americans jumping on the america-bashing train admiring europe to be fair . 
  this does not come from a place of insecurity . 
  we do it because it 's so easy to troll americans imo . 
  there are quite insecure because of their superiority complex.it 's so hard for them to handle the fact they can not be the best at everything . 
  you can have california up from the bay . 
  the rest should go back to spain . 
  ok you have a point but if we go back to the original argument , you concede that borders were irrelevant for the vast majority of commoners in the middle ages . 
  the delimitations were about the repartition of resources for the elite , they had no lasting influence on the identity of people living in those territory . 
  this came later and it reached its peak when millions of people fought for a few kilometers of territory for their country in wwi . 
  but at the time , instead of asking the international community to support yugoslavia in the peacekeeping effort before a global referendum could be hold . 
  serbia declared independance first and then began ethnic cleansing in neighboring countries which effectively turned every countries against them . 
  because serbia committed war crimes , they lost all claims on neighboring countries in the eyes of the international community . 
  it 's quite similar to the way germany shrunk in 1945 . 
  during most of european history , `` national '' borders delimited personal possession of an elite . 
  the borders of france , hungary or sweden have changed every decade because of marriages , purchases and fight between cousins . 
  free folks were able to freely travel across those territories if they payed some fee or some kind of tariff . 
  the border were n't the defining feature of a territory , the focus was the centers of power . 
  they were very far from the idea of eternal and sacred border we began to embrace in the 19th century . 
  [ this study concludes their psychopathology is improved by the procedure . 
  ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24344788 ) [ this fact-check explains extensively where the misconception come from , interview the scientists behind the misunderstood study , and provide several other sources about this . 
  ] ( http://transadvocate.com/fact-check-study-shows-transition-makes-trans-people-suicidal_n_15483.htm ) none of those studies have high quality evidence because trans issues have not yet been extensively studied in the long-term . 
  but the data is enough for medical associations to prescribe surgery in association with therapy . 
  they can be unsatisfied by the choice of the other voters . 
  they are legitimate to be outraged that nearly half of the country is complacent about corruption . 
  but i found it sad that they wo n't continue to try to vote for the lesser of two evils ( there is always one ) . 
  but i understand some do n't want to give legitimity to someone they despise even if the alternative is worse . 
  it 's a different opinion about how democracy is supposed to work . 
  it 's sad that you think nothing can ever change your mind and that if someone criticizes you ideas he is criticizing yourself . 
  but that explains why so many people think they are specifically insulted when someone talks about religion or social issues . 
  the fact are still there . 
  gender , sexual orientation and race are determined at birth and people can not quit them . 
  religion or political leaning however are not something that naturally arise when you are a teenager , neither are they set in stones . 
  and there are countless examples of conversion . 
  this is reasonable ground to say that your ideas are separate from the idea of self imo , even if they are useful to build your identity . 
  i would argue that this traditional idea of marriage has already been abandonned when we decided that it was illegal to force someone to marry someone else or to remain in the marriage . 
  it 's also illegal to marry someone just to get his nationality for instance . 
  those are the laws that redefined traditional marriage in the 20th century . 
  gay marriage is simply the corollary of those changes . 
  abnormal is not a mental disease . 
  their suicide rate is higher before surgery than after , even if it remains higher than the general population . 
  sex reassignment is the medically prescribed help they need . 
  validation further lowers their suicide rate . 
  i think you did n't know people with gender dysphoria were called transgender even when they did n't take any hormon nor perform any surgery . 
  because a philosophical * stance * is something that can change , something you believe in , something you choose . 
  if it 's you race or your gender , it 's the core of the your identity . 
  i 'm sad when i read that half of melenchon 's voters say there are going to abstain in the second round if he loses . 
  we can do that without the most corrupt leader ever running for president . 
  the counterpart to murica is yurop, 
  actually there was a huge backlash when sarkozy suggested we should teach the benefits of colonialism . 
  nowadays , colonialism is described as unambiguously bad in history class . 
  it has not been politically correct to suggest colonialism has been beneficial for the locals for fifteen years in france . 
  but there have been some resistance among the grassroot supporters of the conservative right . 
  when you are aware of this context , this reaction is even more surprising . 
  so you are comparing studies which proved causation to a correlation you pulled out of your ass ? 
  well parental leave has been a thing since the 50 's here . 
  maybe the us will get there one day . 
  love from a smug european, 
  i know my main reason to marry will be to be able to adopt . 
  ok slow down there , she wo n't go to prison for some pictures of isis . 
  we are talking about a small fine and damage to her reputation here . 
  if it 's on the internet , what would be your answer ? 
  because the courts are not always clear about where is the internet . 
  i actually believed it was a settled case . 
  i think chirac recognized colonization as crime against humanity 15 years ago . 
  but oh boy was i wrong !, 
  i 'm willing to admit the french were totally the bad guys in 1919 haha .
