  your argument about democracy spreading is at worst discredited and at best highy hypocritical . 
  the consistency is n't there . 
  ulterior motives were there . 
  the results were n't there . 
  even the best intentions in the world can not defend this colossal fuck up . 
  especially since france and most of the un simply asked to think this through before a random invasion . 
  they were n't completely against an intervention . 
  they just wanted the un investigation to continue before taking any decision . 
  but the us for some reason could n't wait a few months . 
  now it is quite established they feared the un would find out they exagerated evidence of weapons of mass destruction . 
  that does n't really explain why this one in particular though . 
  there were far worse mass murdering genocidaires in the world than saddam . 
  some other interventions may even have been greenlit by france or the un . 
  there was no evidence whatsoever that iraq and 9/11 were linked . 
  there was overwhelming evidence that afghanistan , pakistan and saudi arabia were involved to some degree . 
  nothing about the iraq war was rational and now we know the consequences have been devastating . 
  there is no way to defend the iraq war . 
  i wish they were just consistent . 
  not the world police when they can capture some oil but isolationist when they might have to face russia . 
  having it both way is being a crappy ally . 
  and i might be a spoiled brat , but i think it would be considerate to make this kind of policy shift over the course of years ( the brexit way ) , rather than hinting at it on twitter to boost his ratings while the president practices golf . 
  i 'm not comfortable with the situation but your fleets are de facto keeping the international maritime zones safe . 
  you can not leave the oceans empty except if it comes to total war i believe . 
  it 's just one example of the many situations where americans appointed their army as a substitute for the un peacekeeping force and we count on them to carry their mission out . 
  i 'm actually surprised considering how much more cost-effective france is that we fare so well against the us . 
  in raw numbers , we 're not that far below a fifth of the american army . 
  it is the same ratio between our populations . 
  i guess the number of foreign bases , the constant deployment of the fleets and the extent of the intelligence agencies make the difference in spending between the us and france . 
  against who ? 
  the eu appear to be sufficient against russia . 
  i 'll admit the threat would appear bigger than with the help of the us . 
  the eu would probably be unable to handle china . 
  but do we fear something from them ? 
  i am french born and raised in france . 
  i have a weird accent but nobody can describe what it is exactly . 
  some people assume i 'm a foreigner . 
  most people say that i speak normally . 
  i 'm pretty self-conscious about it . 
  so when i began to learn english , my teachers would always ask me why i had a german accent . 
  i do n't understand . 
  eastern europe gets it . 
  they do n't get married in the first place . 
  there are several areas in france that were majority black , like french guiana . 
  mayotte and algeria were majority muslim . 
  all this places had representatives in the parliament in 1957 . 
  some people believed in an actual fran\u00e7afrique back then . 
  it died because africans were n't ready to forgive the atrocities committed by the french so they wanted independance . 
  also because the colonist did n't want the locals to have rights . 
  by the way it 's good to remember that hundreds of thousands of africans died in europe during both ww and the children they had in germany were exterminated by hitler . 
  but that 's probably not significant . 
  hence why we never paid them war pension . 
  that may not be europe , but some of these places are in the eu now . 
  so a white europe may have been a reality in italy . 
  but it sure was n't in france in 1957 . 
  do i taste salt ? 
  let me dream that in a century the entire world has embraced democracy , rational environmentalism and social-liberalism, 
  i get that . 
  but i 'm like u/trumanb -12 , gerb , rb and volya appears to be my favorite likely coalition because it includes rb and excludes united patriots . 
  volya looks like the lesser evil . 
  i 've never heard that halal is the most humane way of killing . 
  but now that i think about it , i 've heard that slitting your wrist in a bathtub is the least painful suicide as you slowly fall asleep from the lack of blood . 
  can someone help me understand ? 
  i was already glad you took depardieu . 
  please make an effort, 
  but you have to admit you have some of the toughest conditions regarding jus soli among all of us . 
  edit : i 'm just pointing out that the laws of germany are not representative of the continent . 
  edit2 : i stand corrected . 
  i 'm proud that french newspapers are alive and well . 
  investigative journalism change the outcome of elections . 
  every political leaning is represented . 
  in france it 's tv news that are awful . 
  except for france 24 , but nobody watch it . 
  do you believe this is n't already the case ? 
  or is being muslim sufficient to `` express a desire to destroy the country and enslave/convert/kill the populace '' ? 
  i was hoping for an example . 
  lately it looked like france finally defended democratic movements in the car , in libya , in mali and so on . 
  admittedly , with different levels of success . 
  if the doctrine was still in place , france would have been expected to support ben ali during the jasmine revolution do n't you think ? 
  can we explain the exponential drop in car theft thanks to the advances of medicines too ? 
  you 're right it was disgusting . 
  but are you sure that this is still happening ? 
  i thought that doctrine was dropped when chirac was in power . 
  but i 'm not afraid of terrorist in my daily life even though i live in paris . 
  there 's also this weird paradox about proximity . 
  i was deeply moved by the death of a father of three in my home village . 
  he was killed by a reckless driver at night . 
  i reached a similar level of emotion when i hear about the policeman stabbed at winchester . 
  somehow , i can care about mundane tragedies if i 'm related to them . 
   how come you can not prevent a terrorist attack when you 're supposed to keep an eye on a dude that was accused of extremism ? 
  you may have a point for the paris attack . 
  but for nice or westminster , what could they do ? 
  is the police supposed to panic every time someone on the shit list drives his car ? 
  or are they supposed to arrest anyone who sympathise with the ideology even if they have no evidence that they want to act it out ? 
  i 'm genuinely wondering what they could possibly do about this . 
  having read the book , i ca n't help but think that all of this was destroyed by the allies bombardment . 
  you should look it up . 
  i think the graph would be much more ambiguous for africa . 
  what is the difference between terrorists and warlords ? 
  who among bob denard , joseph kony or abubakar shekau would qualify as a terrorist ? 
  but that 's so hard to tell .
