  his smile is little bit weird . 
  that 's funny because on the other end , macedonia , ukraine and georgia are flying it quite a lot apparently . 
  i 'm extremely conflicted because on one hand , the european olympic team would destroy the competition compared to our national teams . 
  but there would be barely anyone left in the winter olympics and many of my favorite athletes would n't even qualify anymore . 
  in the end , i think even a federal europe could keep separate national sport federations . 
  there are precedents on a much smaller scale with honk kong or bermuda . 
  except the accent that is very hard to understand , west africans speak with an adorable vocabulary . 
  they tend to speak a little bit like my grandmother . 
  i think it might be an improvement honestly . 
  well she 's my idol but it really was the exception . 
  i was talking about m\u00e9lenchon and a referendum on the 6th republic . 
  but even regarding le pen 's election , she 's attracting only 25 % of voters in the first round . 
  72 % of french people were against leaving the eurozone ( not even talking about the eu ) last month . 
  a slight majority wants to hold a frexit referendum , but most of france is against it . 
  even if le pen or m\u00e9lenchon win the presidency , frexit will be an uphill battle for them . 
  my source is here , sorry it 's in french : http://www.lefigaro.fr/conjoncture/2017/03/10/20002-20170310artfig00049-trois-francais-sur-quatre-sont-opposes-a-une-sortie-de-l-euro.php, 
  i really do n't think so , the eu flag is so prevalent that i stopped to notice . 
  i 'm actually disturbed when i see the french flag alone . 
  when the setting is official or patriotic , the french flag is always flying with the european one . 
  the only time i see it alone are at frontist rallies and in some rural areas . 
  edit : and in sporting events . 
  i guess the eu flag would be weird there as we often compete against other eu countries . 
  and he 's unlikely to succeed as he would probably need to win a referendum on this . 
  not only did they go to space after poland . 
  but they went after afghanistan , syria and a saudi prince . 
  that just shows how much they hate the metric system . 
  i assumed people who are seeking information about france 's elections ** now ** would n't be french . 
  i seriously hope every french voters have heared about it . 
  i meant john oliver is sufficient for a mildly curious american . 
  ouch !, 
  poland went to space before you britain !, 
  ( i 'm still mindblown by this fact so i 'll continue to repeat it ad nauseam ), 
  it 's a good non-boring introduction to our elections . 
  aww :'(, 
  that would require international campaigns . 
  people would care even less than they do about european elections if most members of a list does n't even speak their language . 
  maybe the solution is a compromise : to do this gradually as macron propose . 
  you would vote for your regional list and for a confederal list as well . 
  but i 'm worried it would add another layer of byzantine complications to eu politics . 
  i hope so and for once we really ca n't blame britain for this one . 
  if macron/schulz/merkel ca n't fix this one in the next ten years . 
  i 'm probably going to lose hope for the eu . 
  yeah demographics is the key . 
  the khmer rouge understood that and that 's why they slaughtered every people who were presumed to be against the revolution because of their social class . 
  that 's a truly left-wing thing to do . 
  and yet he has repeatedly refused to do anything about it . 
  when you stand by doing nothing , you are collaborating . 
  and barely any of them felt involved enough to vote in this referendum . 
  do you really believe they would fight for the country of their ancestry ? 
  it appears to be the new trendy thing to do . 
  i might join the cool kids . 
  the left-wing can and does campaign across all eu countries . 
  if they ca n't mobilize people across the eu but still disagree with the outcome they are either anti-europe or anti-democracy . 
  they ca n't claim they want a democratic eu with blackjack and hookers anymore . 
  then maybe they should vote in european elections . 
  they are the least likely to turn out at those . 
  the eu can change , but an ultimatum from the president is not the way . 
  i think you nailed it . 
  the french way of constantly saying france is the worst is still a weird kind of narcissism . 
  that 's really not specific . 
  that 's broad and populist criticism . 
  i guess i 'm convinced by the evidence that tightening labour laws is slowing economies . 
  i can only hope that the reverse work the opposite way with enough government oversight . 
  demand is very likely to create jobs abroad . 
  except if we enforce protectionnist policies that will drive the prices up , and then the demand goes down . 
  wanting to work toward stability in the middle east without military intervention is probably letting assad slaughter his own people . 
  it may reduce the amount of refugee , i give you that . 
  that seems like an easy cope out . 
  he could share his hopes . 
  he could point out what he specifically dislikes about the current constitution . 
  but no , apparently the people already knows . 
  it might not have the negative meaning associated with `` overtaxation '' . 
  in my opinion , i think both in this conversation are extremely dishonest regarding m\u00e9lenchon 's opinion . 
  you 're right , he did n't object to the high tax rate but to some inconsistencies . 
  however , it was perceived at the time as nitpicking to distinguish himself from hollande who campaigned a lot more to the left that he turned out to be . 
  i 've heard m\u00e9lenchon dismiss several times measures from establishment parties by little whataboutism like this . 
  could n't he support a 75 % tax-rate independently regardless of whether or not he wants to add a financial tax ? 
  is he unable to support the liberation of ukrainian political prisonners regardless of his opinions on sanctions on russia ? 
  i think it 's because of this kind of arguments that he got the reputation that he is unable to compromise . 
  he often has postured himself as someone in support of nothing or everything . 
  but i guess it was his way of distinguishing himself from the socialist party . 
  at the time of fdr , there was basically no social security and trade unions still needed to be rebellious to be heard . 
  there is no problem per se in a new deal policy . 
  i actually believe it would be a good idea and it would be very efficient if we were to loosen the very strict french labour laws . 
  but m\u00e9lenchon is going the other way . 
  he wants to invest in the economy while he expands benefits and limit the ability to fire someone . 
  i feel like he promises everything at the same time and i 'm convinced it will scare the private sector away from france . 
  i can respect this opinion because macron went full retard on this . 
  i 'm not sure i understand how privacy can be so high in your order of priorities though . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  m\u00e9lenchon will do nothing about border controls and that 's the main issue for le pen voters . 
  at least macron is advocating for fortress europe to appeal to them . 
  probably le pen as she does n't even care to have any economists on her side . 
  m\u00e9lenchon can at least convince some altermondialist economists to support him . 
  m\u00e9lenchon has many flaws in his plan , but le pen has absolutely no plan . 
  she just wants frexit , less taxes , more tariffs and more subsidies . 
  she does n't care if she makes no sense . 
  he wants a lot more reforms for the republic . 
  he wants a new constitution . 
  but he refuses to answer any questions about what a new constitution should look like .
