  people left syria after 4 years of war . 
  the situations in syria and somalia look like they are never going to end . 
  this is why people leave . 
  they ask `` belief in god '' in a separate question from religion because there is a significant amount of people who identify as christian or generally religious but who do n't believe in god . 
  i wish more people were aware of czech comedy . 
  i think ` truc ' is more useful, 
  and the scientific community is very critical of this study . 
  the methology was extremely poor and did not account for social-economic class . 
  cherry-picking the * one * biased study which support your ideology is not being objective . 
  this study must have been quoted as often as the one linking autism to vaccines or the one claiming gmos cause cancer . 
  is this a new talking point ? 
  why is everyone suddenly mentionning that ? 
  so in the end , the greens results are a bit disappointing compared to the polls they had . 
   migrant deal with eu : `` we do n't offer refunds but we can replace your item . '', 
  this is so clever . 
  do you really want to call bosnia and lebanon failures but afghanistan a success ? 
  police actions are bound to be failures by your standard , no matter who is intervening . 
  at least this agency would fight for our interest rather than those of the us . 
  furthermore , continental agencies are far less likely to spy on their own country . 
  not because they do n't want to , but because they are mostly inept . 
   `` the access to this budget will be bid on the respect of common rules on fiscal and social orientations to avoid dumping in our union . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure this means that ireland should have continental fiscal standard and slovakia should upgrade its labour laws so that countries that benefit from the budget do n't unfairly compete between themselves too much . 
  but i think it leaves the door open for a two speed eu if they do n't want to harmonize their legislation immediately . 
  in france , supporting europe in public office was a swear word . 
  both the left and the right blamed bad policies on brussels . 
  the french are usually more protectionnist than the rest of the west across the political spectrum . 
  but i 'm a little bit disappointed he would be conventionnal there . 
  oh well , the rest looks good so i guess i 'm okay with this if it helps him win . 
  ... i thought trump was in the government ? 
  i also thought that hollywood and the establishment was against trump ? 
  i think we like the half of americans that dislike their government as well . 
  interestingly , this half is heavily represented in the media and in the elite . 
  you 're also the country that denies the un the ability to intervene in such situations . 
  you refuse to fund the un peacekeeping force and make sure that you are in charge of the defence of international areas . 
  you can not claim you are taking on a burden when you do everything to prevent anyone to help . 
  the baltics helped you even in your dumbest wars . 
  estonia is instrumental in the cyberwar against russia . 
  you can hate germany for not doing enough . 
  but the baltics , that 's kinda low . 
  thank you . 
  it looks like we are already quite involved in complicated multinational commands . 
  that 's seems similar to what we have in france . 
  except france is a lot stricter about identity checks and the voting station you have to go to . 
  and we ca n't vote before election day . 
  yet we usually have 75 % voter turnout . 
  so i do n't really understand why americans think people do n't vote because it is alledgedly hard to do so . 
  but in my opinion , the joint command should be european rather than multi-national . 
  hence the european budget . 
  i would prefer a single headquarter and a single foreign policy regarding military intervention rather than endless negociations between 27 military commands . 
  and i think the core of the union is ready to cede sovereignty for that if marketted well enough . 
  i would like increased european military spending to counter balance a decrease in national military spending . 
  small national armies are not very effective anyway imo . 
  there are many obstacles to prevent gay people from having a family . 
  would you care to elaborate what is the problem , the `` disease '' ? 
  what is the benefit for the community that people `` sacrifice themselves '' instead of having babies when they feel like it ? 
  and i 'm saying this as someone the government tends to prevent from having babies even though i desperately want one . 
  they are from somalia , libya and afghanistan as well . 
  refugee status is not reserved to syria . 
  from the beginning the eu was meant to take baby steps to federalisation . 
  it 's mostly because of britain that they decided to aim lower . 
  i 'm stealing this comment for when le pen will lose, 
  i 've heard that making it as secure as bitcoins is good enough . 
  are you able to tell why the security measures protecting bitcoins is insufficient for elections ? 
  there are basically no control but i 've heard there are very few voting booths . 
  is it true ? 
  in 1945 , women could n't vote in france . 
  they could n't have a credit card . 
  they could n't divorce without a justification . 
  they had less rights than women in modern day syria . 
  so it 's not so much that they did n't expect `` tribal habits '' . 
  it was that `` french habits '' were already pretty terrible . 
  by the way , they were already hundred of thousands of foreign immigrants in the 30 's in france . 
  and we already had an ignorant far right that blamed every problems of the time on blacks , jews , italians and spaniards . 
  now you can continue to ignore history and repeat it , or begin to learn from it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_vojvodina#1910_census so i was thinking of vojvodina but apparently this census is also misleading . 
   is it true that race-based statistics are banned in many european countries ? 
  to complete what someone else said , there were thorough race-based statistics in most of europe ( not sure about france ) in the 30 's . 
  the census was used by the nazis to efficiently find the jews and other minorities to exterminate them . 
  after the war , many countries decided that the benefit from such a statistics does n't outweigh the risk associated with it . 
  i do n't think modern day hungary reclaim the totality of st stephen 's crown territory . 
  they are especially pissed about southern slovakia and banat because the right of autodetermination of the people was n't respected in 1919 there . 
  there is a point where it becomes so bad that you pause and you decide it 's not worth the pain . 
  it 's better to be friends . 
  i 've seen enough dutch living in their caravans on french roads to think this is the right answer . 
  thank you . 
  i 've changed my opinion here even though i find it hard to care for hunters . 
  if i can see discrimination against religious people as bad , i need to listen to reasonable arguments from gun-owners . 
  it 's hard to fight my personal bias though . 
  so i 've learnt a lot in this thread . 
  i will try to learn more about the hunters in my area . 
  but i 'm still dumbfounded that the band of drunken elderly farmers who are hunting in my village would use an ar-15 to hunt . 
  they already is one hunter shot every year here . 
  i 'm not sure i 'm comfortable with the idea of them going around with semi autos . 
  but they may have been doing so all this time . 
  i lose it every time he says it . 
  if machete began to be used in a number of terrorist attacks , i would n't find it completely outlandish . 
  especially since machetes have very little use in the first place . 
  in france at least , i know that the police and the gendarme are structured in a way they ca n't be used by the government to oppress the people or to attempt a coup . 
  we 've been through enough revolutions to know how to make this harder . 
  what makes it even less dangerous than the 19th century is that the police are not simply doing their job for a wage .
