  are you kidding me ? 
  when i lived in portugal , i was asked to pay my rent in cash . 
  i 've never had so much cash on me . 
  it 's not unusual to see people withdraw 50 $ at the atm which is rarer in france . 
  it 's not entirely consistent as belgium is the biggest user of plastic money . 
  i agree . 
  but the unions would accept this only if they trust the government to have no ulterior motives . 
  unfortunately many unions still have a marxist approach to labour negociations . 
  with this class struggle mindset , they are often convinced that anything that benefit corporations necessarily means that they are screwing the workers somehow . 
  that does n't make for a very productive conversation . 
  my hopes lie with the cfdt who growing more and more reformist instead of contrarian . 
  i honestly see a lesbian couple with the ex-husband of the woman in the middle . 
  it would work as a support for gay marriage with the hashtag . 
  they need to step up their game . 
  we will see next year when new caledonia will be doing its referendum for independance . 
   when you 're pushing a non-binding legal opinion because it 's against a unsc permanent seat who would simply veto it if it had any binding force , and are forced to go to a court that lacks jurisdiction , knowing that the courtry will still continue to ignore it , you 're not doing too much to prestige . 
  yes you do . 
  you lose some of that moral high ground . 
  this is going to be mentionned in many anti-western narratives . 
  just like france when french polynesia got classified as `` territory to decolonize '' . 
  mitt\u00e9rand is sad now . 
  that means the opposition does n't hold the mandate either . 
  they are n't legitimate either as they could n't emulate the opposition . 
  low turnout only say that people did n't care about the issues that were mentionned in the campaign . 
  if anything , the low turnout would mean politicians are n't legitimate to do anything . 
  but that is n't how democracy works . 
  nobody can assume what silent people think so you have to listen to what people actually voted for . 
  there are many new guarantees ( social security , lower charges ) for jobs perceived as precary by the left . 
  for the left it appears to be a new incentive for undesirable short-term contracts . 
  centrists will respond that it 's just being pragmatic in the face of a modern economy where long-term jobs are becoming obsolete . 
  no need to argue against a strawman when there are actual arguments on both sides here . 
  protecting life of others is what i was talking about . 
  that 's a pretty big deal . 
  lifting the necessity to prove self-defense to justify the use of a gun seems to go a little bit further than evading the eu directive . 
  this is the part i take issue with . 
  i 'd have preferred not to have been exposed to some of them when i was in highschool and questionning . 
  for merkel maybe . 
  but where are the german conservatives and neonazis shouting homophobic slurs for hours on german tv stations ? 
  where are the million people marching on berlin to fight for the resistance against unnatural behaviour ? 
  be glad election stuff spares them all of that . 
  i think this is exactly what it is which worries me a lot more than what 's actually in the amendment . 
  czechia does n't need special security measures against terrorists . 
  i 'm super jealous . 
  in france it was a hard debate for months with huge protests that have echoed until today . 
  there was a spike in homophobic crimes and some of the most disgusting speeches ever pronounced in the national assembly . 
  and now i wo n't even be able to feel smug that we did it better than the germans . 
  yeah that must have been on purpose . 
  they must have chosen this translation because it preserves both the meaning and the pronunciation . 
  it just happens that bai and bela means the same thing and sounds alike, 
  kosovo was annexed to which country exactly ? 
  there were some leaks whispering that it 's going to be paris 2024 and la 2028 . 
  there was a boom in investments in all domains after the london olympics . 
  managing the french brand can be beneficial for everyone . 
  paris looks a lot more like the success in london than the failures in athens , rio or to a lesser extent , sydney . 
  we are talking about people that absolutely do live in france . 
  on my previous construction site there are portuguese workers born and raised in france that are paid portuguese wages by a portuguese company owned by an uncle back in portugal . 
  this is what is under fire here . 
  this is a very prevalent abuse of the system for construction companies . 
  i 've heard the expression . 
  i never thought it referred to ladybugs . 
  her father took revenge on her from the name his father gave him . 
  two generations worked together for this outcome . 
  he was grown in a clone tank . 
  bosnian pupils disagree . 
  they are not doomed to hate each other . 
  look at france and germany . 
  we have decapited noblemen for less than this !, 
  if i was n't convinced we need more specific letters in the name , i am convinced now . 
  there are apparently dozens of people who learned about the existence of intersex issues thanks to the i. 
  what i 'm saying it is easier for a less developped country to grow . 
  czechia grew a lot faster than france but it was n't necessarily because they had better economic policies . 
  there simply were more opportunities because their economy was late . 
  italy was probably in much better shape than greece in 1999 . 
  this graph is slightly misleading . 
  we 're not putting isis with civitas here . 
  what i read is it 's like putting a black man and a white man together . 
  it 's gon na lead to problems . 
  cimrman is great and i get frustrated sometimes that i 'm unable to share his work with people around me because they lack the cultural background to get it . 
  at least we do n't have a white flag . 
  i understand where you 're coming from . 
  is it that much worse than eating fast food with a fork and a knife ? 
  you 'll have to define populism for me then . 
  i thought populism was about promising the people what they want regardless of its possibility or necessity . 
  macron is doing pretty much the opposite . 
  i work in construction . 
  we buy italian steel . 
  we need a dozen of italian engineer to work with us here in france to serve as a link with the factory . 
  we also have french engineers working there . 
  they have to move every week . 
  i ca n't imagine the nightmare it was for a similar project in the 80 's , they did n't even have the internet to compensate the lack of free movement . 
  i did n't say `` as good '' . 
  you 're putting words in my mouth . 
  i 'm simply contradicting your claim `` women right have been developed in the judeo-christian civilisation area only and not elsewhere '' . 
  that 's just plain false . 
  you 're shifting the goalpost . 
  i 'm just saying women right have grown without judeo-christian influence on several occasions . 
  your explanation is simplistic . 
  henrax responded to your first question several times . 
  the quota never was about skill but representation which eventually leads to a better skilled pool of candidates . 
  yes the peasants were against the revolution and wanted the monarchy back because they feared god and change .
