  it 's so beautiful !, 
  i disagree . 
  both outcome are really possible . 
  sometimes hardship brings people together . 
  we 've seen it after big earthquakes . 
  even if the state did not work normally , people were entirely responsible for their lack of solidarity . 
  and there was a minority of people who helped the jews and the resistance even during the war . 
  how much harder could it be to do the same after the nazis were no longer a threat ? 
  i do n't know if people today around me would do better . 
  but people have definitely done better during similarly chaotic periods in the past . 
  thanks for the read . 
  i know there are three subjects that i have to take with a grain of salt in my czech family . 
  they have some lingering prejudices against slovaks , gypsies and russians . 
  you 're exactly right on everything . 
  i was confusingly making the point that when it came down to emigration , the difference in poverty was n't the deciding factor compared to the difference in treatment . 
  athough i was more thinking about czechia than romania due to my personal background , and there was a big difference between the two in the 40 's . 
  my great aunt was a czech resistant . 
  she was sent to theresienstadt with her husband . 
  when she came back alone to her appartment , someone else was living there . 
  she had no way of claiming it back so she had to restart her life with nothing . 
  somehow , i found the fact that hostility was not simply rooted in antisemitism even worse . 
  it 's just a complete lack of empathy for people who went through hell . 
  macron and fillon are close when it comes to tax breaks . 
  but fillon wants to significantly cut government spending . 
  i believe that 's a significant difference for the many left-wingers working in education for example . 
  on government spending , macron is closer to le pen in my opinion . 
  i think the republicans fucked up pretty bad when they did n't elect nathalie kosciusko morizet . 
  she 's certainly flawed , but i think she would have been an appealing compromise between fillon and jupp\u00e9 . 
  and i have n't heard any corruption scandal coming from her ( it does n't necessarily mean anything ) . 
  my czech family talked to me about how they found spooky that many slovaks are very proud of the only other time in history they were independant , during wwii . 
  `` we are the worst !, 
  but we are still better than anyone else ! '', 
  that 's my feeling sometimes in everyday conversations . 
  it 's extremely sad to go to plzen in czechia and see the [ synagogue ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_synagogue_ ( plze % c5 % 88 \\ ) ) . 
  it 's enormous and beautiful . 
  it 's just a few blocks away from the cathedral . 
  it was n't in a ghetto as far as i can tell . 
  but now , one room in the synagogue is sufficient to serve its purpose . 
  and a whole part of the life of the city is gone forever . 
  i think this is also that western governments made some efforts to give back what was stolen from them . 
  i know that in czechoslovakia , many lost everything . 
  when israel is the only country out there ready to help you , the choice is n't really one . 
  in 1945 , eastern europe was n't much poorer than destroyed france . 
  i 'm not sure but the parishes in the uk seemed extremely detailed in the uk . 
  i 've seen several villages with less than 500 inhabitants even though they were right next to a town . 
  it 's basically the plot of the casual vacancy . 
  but france is indeed vastly more fragmented than portugal or czechia as far as i know . 
  to be fair ` r ' is very weird . 
  i 've found that i 'm completely unable to explain how i am pronouncing it . 
  if juppe becomes candidate , he might kill the chance of macron . 
  a jupp\u00e9 / le pen second round would be worse for the french left . 
  or more accurately that he probably did n't since he was convicted in 2000, 
  til, 
  the distinction between ` bo ' and ` po ' is one that does n't exist in indo-european languages . 
  to an european ear , both sounds like something between european ` bo ' and ` po ' . 
  edit : apparently some indo-european languages went under my radar on this one . 
  my point stands that aspiration is irrelevant to the distinction between ` b ' and ` p ' in english , french and many other languages . 
  not but that means in french translation of english names , we pronounce ` th ' like ` t ' , ` f ' or 's ' , because the sound does n't exist in french . 
  first here we are talking about children diagnosed by a psychiatrist after months of therapy . 
  then transgender kids never undergo sex reassignment surgery as it is hard to reverse and a heavy decision , they have to wait for their majority . 
  sex hormons are not prescribed before 15 i think . 
  what teenagers can do is take growth inhibiting hormon so they can decide which phenotype they develop once they are old enough . 
  what they are advocating for is that you should be able to do all this in france and you should be able to begin legal procedure as soon as the psychiatrist has validated your decision . 
  we are quite far from the straw man you are talking about . 
  regarding sterilization , you have to understand that many transgender people never undergo sexual reassignment surgery . 
  yet if you want to become legally male you have to be sterilised . 
  this means you can be male with a vagina as long as you are sterile according to the law . 
  this requirement serves no purpose . 
  i can talk about france . 
  here in france , you have to be sterilized before legally changing gender . 
  this is an extremely intrusive operation which is justified by `` i would n't want to confuse a physician '' . 
  they can not legally change their legal gender when they are minors , even with a formal diagnosis . 
  your second question is tricky because the answer can easily be reframed . 
  gay people had the right to marry the opposite sex like straight people , but they had n't the right to marry the one they loved like straight people . 
  similarly , trans people can avoid sterilization if they do n't change legal gender just like cisgender people or they ca n't enjoy the gender of their choice and fertility . 
  but that 's exactly what people protests in pride parades . 
  they do n't want to follow an established societal norm , even if this one include discrete long-term homosexual monogamous relationship . 
  they wo n't pretend to be `` normal '' anymore to please a conservative majority . 
  they do n't expect acceptance , they are fighting for it . 
  history proves equality has never been achieved by quiet and conforming lobbyists on their own . 
  the suffragettes or the civil right movement had to show some level of protest . 
  the purpose of the pride parade is n't merely some pr operation . 
  if i ever go to iceland , i 'll make sure to go during the pride parade . 
  it seems to be the biggest festival in the country . 
  there 's t in lgbt . 
  we are still far from equality even in the most progressive country in the west . 
  but even with full equality , i feel like it can remain a nice celebration of the progress that has been made and the people who fought for it . 
  like black history month or armistice day , just a little more fun . 
  that 's the normal course of things . 
  homosexuality was a taboo in the 50 's . 
  most people were completely indifferent because they were completely unaware . 
  homophobia became wide-spread in the 70 's when lgbt stopped to hide and began to protest for their rights . 
  pride parade are out there and outrageous specifically so they would n't be ignored . 
  pride parade succeeded in bringing lgbt issues in the forefront of public debate when gay activists have failed for decades . 
  it pushes people to think about what is wrong about it . 
  sure , most of it is simply tradition now . 
  but they remain provocative even by today 's standard . 
  there 's only 5 % of applicants who see their visa refused in poland . 
  that would be only 5 % more people who can travel to the united states . 
  to have a +1 % rise in overstay , you assume that 20 % of these new traveller will overstay .
