  let 's look at what we should study from the 40 's . 
  should we investigate and preserve the entirety of the autobahn network or some bunkers on the coastline ? 
   oh please tell me how many pages of your history textbooks were devoted to the celts and ostrogoths , and how many to the romans and byzantines . 
  that 's exactly my point though . 
  we know everything about the romans , we have known `` how and why cities surrounding rome adopted water-rich agriculture ; what was the extent of trade between rome and the surrounding tribes ; could and how ancient civilisation support large populations '' since the 18th century . 
  there are more history textbooks devoted to the romans and byzantines than any other period before the modern era . 
  what could we possibly learn from new archeological research ? 
  to make a parallel with other scientific fields , no one will devote funding to find new proofs to pythagoras theorem . 
  that 's done . 
  we know a lot about it . 
  it 's not the most interesting thing in mathematics anymore . 
  that 's a naive way to look at archeology . 
  we do n't care that much about who did the biggest thing recently . 
  the big mysteries that fascinate archeologists nowadays are how and why people adopted agriculture ; what was the extent of trade between classical civilizations and the hunter gatherers ; can hunter gatherers sustain monument builders . 
  what did we learn from yet another aqueduct ? 
  romans built aqueducts , how surprising . 
  just because a people was less advanced does n't mean they are less worthy studying . 
  and as they have been neglected by archeologists for centuries , they may be the key to understand how civilizations are born . 
  the biggest discovery from the last decades was probably g\u00f6bekli tepe that taught us that even hunter gatherers could sustain a megalithic culture and gave more clues to believe agriculture was discovered in turkey . 
  except we know pretty much everything there is to know in italy . 
  the varna civilization and other bronze age people are really mysterious in comparison . 
  in france , even if catholic school are a tiny minority , they can not discriminate in any way for admission . 
  i believe the only factor they are allowed to consider is your school performance . 
  i believe that most french catholic schools do n't make religious classes mandatory as a consequence . 
  the next french president and his ability to form a majority in the national assembly . 
  given the odds , it may be nothing changes regardless of the president . 
  it 'll be even weirder than that . 
  i know that in brussels , i 've read there is an european english dialect appearing and that british diplomats begin to speak after a while . 
  it 's mostly french and german false friends . 
  like `` to assist to a meeting '' instead of `` to attend a meeting '' . 
  with the brits out , the dialect in european institutions is going to be out of control . 
  they destroyed it after several centuries of cohabitation . 
  i 'm willing to try that . 
  we can live with different cultures and still live under one government . 
  i do n't get that obsession with cultural governments . 
  a federal government limited to what is common to everyone does n't seem absurd to me . 
  especially if there is enough powers for regions to preserve their specificity . 
  that 's a weird paradox in european democracies . 
  the government ca n't share their opinion on anything because it would be propaganda . 
  so the media tend to be always somewhat one-sided against the current government no matter what they do , because the government has to be very subtle when they promote their plan . 
  that 's my opinion but i know it 's very unpopular around here . 
  that 's a position i can get behind as long as we are confident the original country will take care of the artwork . 
  no problem for italy of course . 
  i think it is important to send the message that theft will not be rewarded . 
  but i would worry about our concord obelisk sent back to current-day egypt . 
  ( edit : actually the concord obelisk was a gift so that would n't apply . 
  but is the gift from a coward autocrat eons ago really legitimate ? 
  i have no answer here ) there was also this thing about crimea . 
  ukraine lent us some artworks from a museum in crimea . 
  but crimea was annexed in the mean-time . 
  where do we send back the artifacts ? 
  to the museum in crimea and effectively steal them from ukraine ? 
  or to ukraine and steal them from the crimean people ? 
  finland and iceland would have been funny additions to the initial 6 , completely isolated . 
  i should have included another category : non-aligned countries for finland , austria and yugoslavia . 
  some of them were stolen sure . 
  but a lot of italian artworks were sold . 
  to be caricatural , it would be as if china charged you for that iphone and then demanded that you give it back because it is rightfully chinese . 
  these are complicated questions , especially since the periods of time are so long that responsibility is diluted . 
  but even support with a healthy dose of skepticism is disappointing considering chavez and castro . 
  the few good they did can not outweigh all the wrong . 
  torture , state propaganda , widespread corruption , token social programs ... you can acknowledge they implemented some successful policies . 
  you can not support their bottom line . 
  but in 1962 , it was the only one imaginable . 
  military dictatorships to the south . 
  communist dictatorships to the east . 
  proud kingdoms to the north . 
  i find it weird that a people can claim the work of an artist simply because they share a place where they lived . 
  it raises many deep questions . 
  are italians more related to romans than the french ? 
  what about the artworks that were legally brought to france ? 
  does the mona lisa belong in italy ? 
  does the statue of liberty belong in france ? 
  is something stolen by entities that do not exist anymore still stolen ? 
  i mean it 's the duke of savoy who moved the shroud from chamb\u00e9ry to turin against the will of the local bishop . 
  does it mean the shroud ought to go back to chamb\u00e9ry ? 
  what did you want the west to do ? 
  i know i would have been pretty pissed if any foreign government supported those who protested against hollande in france . 
  democracies are expected to solve their issues by themselves and turkey was still a clear democracy at the time . 
  what i especially respect from the economist is that they recognize their bias and i have seen them apologize for being on the wrong side of the issue in the past ( e.g. 
  they were against legalization of marijuana up until a decade ago , cautious about gay marriage in the 90 's ) . 
  there is the option where china just remains neutral . 
  then i 'm sure us-japan-sk would appreciate the support . 
  even then , in bosnia , the war could have been finished by the us alone . 
  but thanks to other armies they did n't need to rely solely on their resources . 
  hey !, 
  that 's cheminade 's idea !, 
  r/france was right . 
  everybody is under his influence !, 
  both parties are very divided on the issue . 
  hillary was a war-hawk . 
  but many democrats were doves . 
  the republicans are also divided between hawks like lindsey graham and doves like rand paul . 
  this really is n't explained by partisanship . 
  why would you believe that ? 
  they were in afghanistan . 
  i agree with you about the intent of mattis . 
  but his analysis of the rise of the generals makes a lot of sense to me . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is supported by the french communist party . 
  edit : i 'm just being factual .
