  the only dictators who passed the arab spring are those who accepted some reforms for good measure , in morocco and algeria . 
  egypt , libya , yemen , and syria are all in bad shape regardless of how much the opponents were armed . 
  even if assad could have cracked down faster on the rebellion and this did n't spiraled out into a civil war , isis would have gained underground support and would have continued to operate from mosul . 
  other parties threw gasoline on the fire , but assad lit the match . 
  assad turned his country into the worst shithole for terrorism and anarchy all by himself . 
  at this point , getting rid of him would n't make that much of a difference . 
  it 's not like we are talking about an intervention in iran or saudi arabia . 
  syria is already at its worst . 
  is the fact that he was reported a complete coincidence in your opinion ? 
  do you believe the court was genuinely concerned about homophobia when at the same time government officials politely incite to hate homosexuals ? 
  especially since sexual orientation is not specifically protected by russian law . 
  note : i understand what `` pederast '' means and we use the same slur in french . 
  it began way before so i guess just general poverty and lack of industrialisation coupled with a general lack of democracy . 
  i should look into it . 
  but they got banned for everyone right ? 
  they are not some kind of evidence to punish him specifically for hate speech . 
  so ad hominem seems kinda irrelevent . 
  it is marginally better but they still banned a mildly trashy comment along with outright nazi manifesto because they were said by the same stupid scum . 
  if he said `` vegetables are bad for your health '' , should we consider this to be nazi propaganda as well ? 
  it 's even more hypocritical when you consider that homophobic speech is the norm on russian internet but it is a problem only if you use it to insult putin . 
  the same happened with southern italy . 
  it used to be one of the most densely populated area in europe . 
  there are empty villages to this day there . 
  sure it is homophobic . 
  but i do n't think it is the point of the comparison . 
  it 's not ` putin is as bad as faggots ' . 
  it 's not someone bragging because none of his friends are either a putin supporter or a faggot . 
  it 's saying putin and faggots seem to be overrepresented compared to their daily experience . 
  the fact that gays are bad or good are irrelevant to this point and i 'm convinced that this is the reason why it was banned . 
  because there is much more homophobic memes going around on internet but they happen to be pro-putin most of the time . 
  you are telling me they would group legitimate opposition with distasteful opposition ? 
  who would have thought of this strategy ? 
  yeah . 
  it 's stupid and counter-productive . 
  but this meme is not exactly an adress to the un . 
  sometimes freedom of speech is more important than stupid and hateful vocabulary . 
  free did it in france few weeks ago i believe . 
  they were so generous they did n't even wait for it to become mandatory ( even though it was clear it was going to happen ) . 
  it 's bad if you mean it . 
  it 's fun if you do it just because you know it will trigger a bigot . 
  i think russian opponents fall in both categories but i will leave them the benefit of the doubt because the sight of putin signing laws about memes is both too hilarious and terrifying . 
  it is for putin supporters which is the point of the whole thing . 
  you are convinced that georgia talked about joining nato to defend itself from russia . 
  it was not obvious there was anything anti-russia about it ( at least in the beginning ) . 
  nato was not inherently anti-russia for us . 
  my point is that both sides of the story here were caused by russia and their antagonization of the west . 
  have you seen some of napoleon caricatures in foreign countries ? 
  respect for state authorities has never been universal . 
  i 'm gay and i do n't find that homophobic in this context . 
  it 's actually witty i believe . 
  gay people are a tiny minority , even more so as many of them stay closeted in russia . 
  yet they occupy a huge place in the political discourse , especially in pro-putin memes describing the west as degenerate homoland . 
  similarly , no one seem to know a putin supporter even though he wins every elections with huge leads . 
  the same happened in tehran after the elections that led to the islamic republic . 
  sure it 's an exageration but it implies that the putin supporters are actually a tiny minority that should n't have as much political importance . 
  it implies that the regime is rigged . 
  bonus : you trigger putin supporters because you compared them to homosexuals . 
  downside : you gave a pc excuse to the regime to shutdown the meme . 
  with the context , the implications seem to be even worse . 
  putin is not a petty autocrat that is butthurt because someone insulted his masculinity . 
  he 's actually shutting down a meme that undermines his legitimacy as a democratically elected leader . 
  tldr : cutting the context was stupid because it made the ban even worse . 
  edit : grammar, 
  russia really should n't open this can of worms . 
  because if they demand reparations for some investments , i wonder how much estonia would ask for all the deportations . 
  nato was not intended to contain russia anymore . 
  it had n't been since the early 90 's . 
  by the 2000 's , russia was opening to the west and the focus of nato had shifted to the middle east . 
  but putin decided to take his country on the reactionnary road with nationalistic rhetoric . 
  saying nato 's purpose was to contain russia became a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  because as they perceived nato as a threat , russia invaded georgia and then crimea to preserve their buffer zone with nato . 
  so nato has to react because russia framed them as an enemy they have to resist . 
  putin killed cooperation with the west because he needed a perceived threat to russia 's greatness to remain in power . 
  there is plurality of editorial lines in the west . 
  sure the establishment may be mostly russiaphobic . 
  but many of them are even more critical of the west . 
  this does n't happen in russia . 
  so the informational warfare is assymetric . 
  the west shits on and praises everybody while russia or china are mostly one-sided . 
  then the eu could rightfully unilaterally stop the billions of regional fundind they pledge to the uk . 
  it 's a both way street . 
  the uk would still make a benefit but it would be quite a clusterfuck . 
  `` just like you can prevent a whole group from driving if some of the people in this group tend to get accidents '' . 
  the analogy still stands . 
  but i would argue that alcoholic drivers are less likely to cause an accident than a masked hooligan is likely to cause trouble at a football match . 
  i 'm pretty sure they wear masks specifically because they want to cause trouble . 
  the act of wearing a mask is not banned in and of itself . 
  it 's banned at sport events in stadiums . 
  just like they can ban alcoholic drinks in the stadium even though the state is cool with alcohol in general . 
  hooligans are n't banned from masking themselves because of their religion . 
  but because of their repeted criminal behaviour . 
  just like you can prevent someone from driving if he is an alcoholic . 
  it 's not discrimination , it 's prevention . 
  i even think they should remain . 
  just like the eu needs reform , the uk needs reform . 
  that much is clear . 
  but nothing is solved by quitting , it only replace the problems by uncertainty . 
  even if the eu promise to help scotland , it will take years before it can provide the same level of support the uk has provided . 
  but if scotland does vote for independance , i 'll enjoy my petty revenge against the uk anyway and support the scots ' decision . 
  regarding europe , macron is strongly europhile .
