  \\  we stay in place and not move . 
  \\  m\u00e9lenchon refuses to change labour law . 
  is m\u00e9lenchon centrist ? 
  and it is also purely tactical . 
  en marche would n't be able to win against valls who is popular in his constituency . 
  but the competition between a center and a center left candidate might have been in favour of a far left candidate from france insoumise who would never work with the government . 
  but the fact their top politicians are fleeing the party left and right bury them . 
  he had to convince moderate left-winger to win . 
  who else radical left-winger are going to vote for anyway ? 
  radical left-winger would have voted for him despite the disappointment . 
  edit : i did n't realize crimea was already invaded . 
  and a life-changing help for the people saved from chechnya . 
  try to explain that to all the crimean tatars or the estonian that got deported to kazakhstan and siberia . 
  they were lucky stalin died quickly . 
  some abstentionnist in the first round voted in the second . 
  i 've seen a more accurate graph . 
  yeah , there were probably fake jews fleeing nazi germany as well . 
  `` and after that , the marmot puts the chocolate in the aluminium foil . '', 
  with a sprinkle of freudian denial . 
  there is this stereotype that only gay people date women who look like their mother . 
  do n't ask me how it makes sense . 
  they did n't fuck when he was 15 . 
  they just met . 
  if someone says he has met his wife in kindergarden , are you going to assume they fucked when they were 5 ? 
  i love when americans spend a complete article explaining how it is better in another country . 
  then it concludes `` but muh freedom '' and basically say it should n't change in the us . 
  yet it is . 
  between russia and ukraine . 
  just look at it . 
  i 've criticized america as well in the comments here . 
  they tend to forget that they caused many civilian casualties when they liberated france from the nazis . 
  but i think germany , and to a lesser extent france , have attempted to own up their past . 
  i 've learned in highschool we were the bad guys in indochina and algeria . 
  i 've learned about the munich agreement and vichy france . 
  i can go making ridiculous strawmen as well . 
  `` we agreed to rules in your favor and to a monetary policy that benefits only germany . 
  they kill neighboring industries thanks to this agreement . 
  now they refuse to hear our complains . '', 
  this is true mostly for domestic issues just like for russia though . 
  ready to admit mistakes when it affected your own countrymen . 
  but when it comes to cuba , mexico , iran , the philippines and so on , i feel like americans outside reddit are less critical . 
  that joke has been the main talking point of most of his opponents for months . 
  i 'm sorry i took it literally . 
  his constituents like him a lot . 
  social-democracy with a focus on security is popular in the banlieues like evry . 
  i do n't think he can lose there . 
  he will be an mp even if he runs as an independant . 
  the british monarchs were low-key nazi-sympathisers , but it was n't relevant anymore . 
  the prime minister was in charge . 
  i can empathize because both the russians and the french have benefitted from their sacrifice . 
  the benefit was far less clear for most of central europe . 
  do n't expect them to celebrate it . 
  no i refuse to celebrate the wrong part of my history . 
  i wo n't celebrate the fight of the french army in algeria to protect colonists from terrorism because in the broad picture i know it was just a disgusting imperialist move . 
  most countries applies this standard . 
  the us and russia are the exceptions . 
  but nobody else does that . 
  do you think france is proud of those who died in algeria or in indochina ? 
  now that we realized our ancestors fought wrong wars , we honor them in private . 
  what 's absolutely sure is that they are the one that payed the higher price for this victory . 
  after poland , the soviet union was the one with the highest ratio of casualties . 
  the fault was shared by stalin and hitler . 
  but i 'm willing to honor the sacrifice the soviets made to end nazism . 
  no apologies for france and britain please . 
  we were slightly better than stalin . 
  but we let czechoslovakia down when there was still a chance for stalin to remain neutral . 
  they do n't glorify stalin or the ussr anymore . 
  but the few russians i have met still do n't know they were the `` bad guys '' in hungary in 1956 and in czechoslovakia in 1968 . 
  i suspect there is a narrative that everyone was equally oppressed by the communist dictatorship when in fact russians were imperialists during this period . 
  please do not think about children when you look at porn, 
  `` investment bankers are more likely to be psychopaths so he must be one '' and `` he 's gay so he must have aids '' uses the same logic . 
  you do n't even have the euro and then you claim being pro-eu is the default there ? 
  my french grandfather hates voltaire and rousseau with passion . 
  he thinks they are the one that founded our individualist society . 
  christine boutin , a french christian-democrat mp , uses the enlightenment as a swear word . 
  france is a democracy that thrives on conflicting opinions . 
  i think the khmer rouge were `` real '' communists by every criteria . 
  no money , no private property , no upper class , minimal central government . 
  and it was so bad that communist vietnam invaded to end it . 
  but maybe another society will do better . 
  maybe ... edit : someone is going to need to explain where cambodge failed to implement `` real '' communism if you keep downvoting me . 
  israelis probably fear for their dual nationality more than they fear some arabs . 
  you have to be more specific because you 've just described every candidates for the presidency , most politicians and even some school administrators . 
  polls are independent . 
  i 'm interested . 
  what could lead you to believe that from his little media exposure ? 
  i thought this was a parody mocking russia . 
  but then i realized this was the actual translation . 
  i 'm baffled . 
  i 'm not even sure i understand the point they 're trying to make . 
  the part that rings the most true is about euro-scepticism being pc . 
  even in france , it was not usual to support the eu especially for politicians . 
  i hope macron brings back some enthusiasm for the eu at least in the political class . 
  in the end , m\u00e9lenchon voters were less likely to vote for le pen than expected . 
  this may explain why the polls were off in her favor . 
  these are not exit polls . 
  this is projections based on partial results . 
  rural areas close polling station earlier, 
  the votes will all be counted by 11pm . 
  but we 'll know who is president at 8pm .
