  so it would be a different situation because of that . 
  i 'm divided on the issue of inheritance . 
  successful people want to help their children to succeed . 
  this is actually one of the main motivations for many people , provide a better life to your children than the life you were provided . 
  i would be pretty pissed if i was prevented from ensuring the success of my child no matter how dumb and lazy they turned out to be . 
  this will probably my main motivation to do my best instead of just working for my survival ( if i 'm ever allowed to have a child ) . 
  on the other hand , inheritance or parent support in general are the single most important factors in inequalities . 
  if children were to succeed on their own , merit would finally be more relevant than it is now . 
  i feel like someone who owns enough real estate not to work a single day in his life is somehow wrong ( even though it is my dream life ) . 
  i may be going to far in philosophy here . 
  but i think this the clash between our animal nature and an `` ideal '' society . 
  as animals , the family is hard-coded in our way of life and for most of us , our happiness is deeply tied to our family ( birth family or the one of your choice ) . 
  it is hard and abstract to care about everyone equally . 
  i think this is why raising the children of everyone together with equal opportunities sounds like a dystopia even if i think it is more ethical . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  but the current czech constitution says this as well . 
  since they kept almost everything from the czechoslovak constitution , i would assume no czechoslowak could lose his nationality without renouncing to it . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  you can disapprove of the eu , but prefer to reform instead of leaving . 
  did you see hungary in 2005 ? 
  it looks like they had a short-lived utopic democracy that year . 
  the french revolution was an utter failure even in the medium term . 
  but even if for most of europe it became the strawman thatdiscredited liberals , in the long-term it became an inspiration for all the succesful revolutions that followed . 
  legacy is a strange thing . 
  it 's kind of depressing to see trust and support for the eu surge in post-brexit britain ( although they remain low ) . 
  the best example of this is czechoslovakia . 
  after the break up , they wanted a clear divorce . 
  so they forbid dual citizenship between the two countries for twenty years . 
  people had to immediately choose which nationality they will keep . 
  yeah scotland ca n't be the successor state . 
  it would be more convenient regarding eu membership . 
  but it would be an absolute mess about pretty much everything else . 
  but this position does n't make sense . 
  you 're complaining the eu was n't going far enough , yet your country were one of the main opponent to eu integration, 
  ohio because he 's not being serious but making an outlandish analogy to bring his point home . 
  well i mean we have threatened to stop visa-free travel from the us if they do n't reciprocate for the east of the eu, 
  the world is not reddit . 
  most americans are n't aware of european smugness and most europeans are fangirling about everything coming from the us . 
  i think it would n't be different from what is expected from americans and japanese people . 
  and i think you 're correct , iirc there is a police survey when you enter the eu . 
  yeah that sounded like a typical camping experience . 
  i guessed it before reading your comment . 
  i think the camping is a bigger factor than the nationality . 
  i doubt you would lose visa-free travel . 
  we 're bitter over the divorce but that would be pushing it . 
  this is why they avoid calling it serbo-croat . 
  they 'd like a politically inclusive name . 
  what you say about it is super interesting and we have the same struggle in french . 
  but somehow , some french new words made a come back . 
  sure ` courriel ' is still cringy compared to ` e-mail ' . 
  but even though ` software ' was wildly used , it disappeared to let ` logiciel ' grow . 
  and ` ordinateur ' replaced ` computer ' as soon as the 80 's . 
  sure , the politics to prevent the dialects from going apart . 
  i know it 's super sensitive but i think this is why they do n't want to call it serbo-croatian . 
  i think the biggest barrier on the continent is the legal framework more than the resources . 
  france has been loosening them up with the perpetual state of emergency but in the past , intelligence agencies would need more evidence before conducting surveillance . 
  somehow a trade agreement with kiev qualifies as an aggression for putin . 
  china would veto an offensive but they would n't dare veto a retaliation in my opinion . 
  they are tired of this shit too . 
  the united states constantly undermine the un power to lead peacekeeping missions . 
  they took the responsibility to secure trade routes or south korea . 
  they seem to like to retain control the closest possible to the pentagon . 
  this is what makes me believe it would have made sense for america to keep europe focused on themselves and their colonies at the time . 
  i 'm not giving much credit to trump for the way the american military is currently led . 
  torture , religious discrimination , pragmatism and cynicism when dealing with dictatorships is something both europe and the us have done for decades . 
  those are terrible actions that should not been forgiven and the burden is indeed mostly on the us . 
  we are still the least bad around and most of us try to get better . 
  even trump wo n't be able to do much more damage than usual . 
  what saddens me is to discover a liberal rationale behind opposition to nato . 
  i would have expected this from an irrational uber-patriot . 
  have you forgotten about afghanistan ? 
  or the korean war ? 
  just because we do n't have military bases in korea does n't mean we wo n't participate . 
  regarding korea specifically , i believe even the un would back a coalition just like last time . 
  the fact we are n't directly involved in asia is probably because the us wanted to retain their leadership position not because of european isolation . 
  sure , the west does n't share any common political or economic destiny . 
  but we are united against threats toward our democratic way and human rights . 
  there is no singular outside power anymore . 
  but there are still numerous albeit vague threats : radical islamism , russian imperialism or north korea . 
  that seems pretty misguided . 
  nato is not responsible for your ludicrous defense spending nor your hawkish attitude toward the middle east . 
  it is initially a defensive alliance which is rooted in solidarity . 
  i would find it sad if you are unable to empathize with the danger faced by south korea and , i believe , deluded to think europe would n't contribute to the effort . 
  military alliances are dissuasive for rivals even if you do n't spend much on them . 
  and the shared intelligence is a true advantage for security . 
  but i guess your point stands if you do n't care about the security of the rest of the world and do n't believe the west shares some kind of common destiny . 
   the us and canada are not and will never be members of the eu . 
  the eu did n't need a meaningful military alliance as long as everyone in it was in nato which was better . 
  i do n't understand how it logically follows that north america should join the eu for nato to continue to exist . 
  nato is more powerful and influential than an eu alliance could ever be . 
  and for decades the military interests of all the members have been aligned . 
  now the narrative has changed . 
  the us government shows open hostility to the eu and have implied that nato means nothing to them . 
  so european politicians begin to seriously think about an alternative to nato . 
  but i think everyone would prefer saving it . 
  nato is the relevant eu military alliance right now . 
  the alternative is just an embryo we are preparing in case the us goes in full isolation mode again . 
  sadly it appears to be more and more likely . 
  nato does n't stand for the next two years . 
  it 's an alliance designed to last decades .
