  there were popes and antipopes fighting . 
  it really was n't that united . 
  the pope was powerless most of the time . 
  sometimes it looked like a simple multinational ngo which happened to collect taxes . 
  thanks !, 
  western poland is polish now thanks to the people living there now . 
  the fact that we got here through an annexation does n't make the current polish claim any less legitimate . 
  so stop appealing to history or excusing warcrimes . 
  you can recognize that bad things happened in the past and recognize that we ca n't do anything about it anymore . 
  even czechia begins to admit that they went too far during the expulsion of germans . 
  war crimes are not an excuse for war crimes . 
  just because the coercion was n't done by the poles does n't mean there was no coercion . 
  are you triggered because `` polish annexation '' seems to imply polish responsibility ? 
  because apart from that , you have to admit there was coercion on germany and benefits for poland . 
  there was pretty much all the characteristic of an annexation except poland was already a satellite state in the making . 
  yes , yes , yes . 
  no people were sovereign in the middle ages . 
  what a king owned in the 10th century is not a rightful claim for any nation in the world . 
  so what a king stole from another king is irrelevant to decide what nations actually own . 
  sure they are not of the same level of importance of the rest . 
  but it ca n't be fought effectively without global cooperation . 
  and it would be an easy step to make in the fight against growing inequalities . 
  inequalities seem to be one of the most important challenge of this century . 
  you will have to explain to me where is the lack of democracy then . 
  because the usual criticism are unelected officials ( they are appointed by national governments to preserve national legitimacy ) and the fact that half of wallonia can paralyse the entire eu political process . 
  i do n't see how you democratize this without withdrawing these two privileges . 
  hey !, 
  with brexit they might go ... to germany . 
  it 's usually shitty conditions with confiscation of the passport . 
  it 's enough to be considered human-trafficking in europe . 
  but some people do n't hold saudi arabia to the same standard . 
  half the active population of saudi arabia is foreigners basically reduced to slavery . 
  and there is the shia community on the gulf coast who suffers daily persecution . 
  six millions slaves is a little bit more than ` soft ' human right abuse in my opinion even though it may not compare to 100,000 deaths in kurdistan . 
  ps : the genocide had ended about 20 years earlier . 
  it 's not like there was an imminent threat . 
  obviously i 'm biased but i 'm not aware of terrible corruption in the eu . 
  i feel like the eu on the contrary has stood up against big companies like monsanto and google where national governments tended to comply . 
  when we want to , we can eradicated some of the deadliest disease in the world or build the iss . 
  but i 'm not naive , i know most of this is impossible and it is not the eu 's * fault . 
  but europe did n't share an history ? 
  we shared the same royal families for centuries . 
  we 've read the same religious books and philosophers . 
  now with a double layer of light americanization and erasmus , europeans share more than ever before . 
  sure it 's not enough to make us part of one ethnicity or even one nationality . 
  but i 'm not sure i understand what cultural difference is sufficiently big between us to justify the impossibility to share a federal governement with limited competence . 
  edit : format, 
  if the swiss can do it , we can too . 
  i think a federalist union is totally able to put the emphasis on regionalism . 
  ( and that would be pretty much the only way because everyone cherish our diversity in europe ) . 
  federalisation is way to get rid of the european council which is the least democratic entity in the eu . 
  but usually anti-federalists have this weird cognitive dissonance where they want both more democracy and more state 's right at the same time . 
  i disagree . 
  we ca n't make meaningful environmental policy without a global entity . 
  so far each protocole has been extremely difficult to ratify . 
  but even better , global cooperation on food , health , security , development aid and the fight against fiscal paradises seem very valuable to me regardless of an alien contact . 
  in my opinion , as long as there are no global cooperation , there will be wealthy countries exploiting poor countries , and there will be small countries cheating to steal the money from the big . 
  but global cooperation is impossible as long as we do n't all agree on some global principles like democracy imo . 
  there 's quite the difference between defensive and offensive war . 
  there 's also a diffference between guerilla and conventional warfare . 
  for the defence of a member country , there would n't be the political division we have seen in libya . 
  and contrary to the balkans , war against russia hopefully would n't be a nasty ethnic cleansing guerilla ( i think nato was actually pretty succesful considering the difficulty of the situation . 
  but you can only do that much when civilians are targets ) . 
  i would like that at the condition that all the member countries share european values of democracy and welfare state . 
  so far , this limits our federation to most of europe . 
  the actual problem in my opinion is exactly that we are n't even federal yet . 
  we barely are confederate . 
  any state can veto any decision taken by the eu . 
  when your only land border has been one of the bloodiest of the last half-century until it was taken down , this is a little bit ironic . 
  it can be argued that we already shared sovereignty before the eu . 
  every currencies were following either the dollar , the deutsche mark or the pound for years . 
  foreign policy was just obedience to the us or the ussr . 
  early environmental policies were small inconsequential national measures while every neighbour had to endure each other 's pollution . 
  there is no such thing as complete sovereignty ( even north korea is d\u00e9pendent on food aid ) . 
  by further integrating the eu , smaller entities have a proportional say instead of a diktat to follow . 
  but i can see that some compromise can work too . 
  norway gave up many of its sovereignty to the eu without a voice in the european parliament ( here it really is `` giving up '' instead of `` sharing '' ) . 
  but they retain full sovereignty in the few areas that matter the most to them . 
  dictators are mortal . 
  by design most dictatorships are not long-lived . 
  that sucks but i do n't think we could have done much better than just wait it out . 
  unless by some miracle the balance between the opposition and saddam hussein had tilted . 
  it is one of those situation where there appears to be no good solutions like modern-days syria . 
  ok my point is not actually we should invade every human right abusers . 
  it 's quite the opposite . 
  i do n't think we should have invaded iraq . 
  unless you argue that saddam hussein was far worse than saudi arabia , which it never appeared to be for me . 
  his regime was as stable as the monarchy and the wide-spread human rights abuses had been kept out of sight for decades . 
  and just to prove my point , democracy failed to succeed to saddam hussein . 
  outrage is n't really productive . 
  being angry at a totalitarian regime without any plan may be laying the ground for the next one . 
  isis is probably worse than saddam ever were . 
  sometimes we have to be pragmatic . 
  one simple principle imo is to intervene only after the local population has shown support for foreign intervention for example . 
  that does n't solve everything but i think it would have helped . 
  i 'm not a saddam apologist . 
  sure he was a terrible man and i 'm glad he 's gone . 
  but when at the same time , khadaffi was camping in trump 's garden or that the king of saudi arabia was shaking hands with bush and then obama . 
  when you do n't intervene to defend actual democratic rebellions in iran or the car . 
  when you are complacent about the absolute worst regime in the world in north korea .
