  france shares far more of its history with algeria than with poland . 
  algerians have fought in both world wars to liberate france . 
  we speak the same language . 
  we have the same heavy administration and we listen to the same music . 
  many french people have family who were borned in algeria regardless of their ethnicities . 
  some of our greatest authors were borned in algeria . 
  the gulf between france and algeria is growing right now . 
  but let 's not assume we were destined by culture or religion to do so . 
  because if we were to think like that , it would be the proof that the european dream is dead and we are destined to repeat a new world war sooner or later . 
  some of bill gates 's money goes in the pocket of corrupt african states too . 
  i ca n't stop feeling like soros is under particular scrutiny for one ( ( ( reason ) ) ) . 
  last time we redrew borders in europe , we brought the whole world in . 
  we starved millions of people to death in india . 
  we caused mass migrations toward the middle east . 
  hundreds of thousand of africans died fighting in europe . 
  this is why absolutely everybody is stopping them from redrawing new nations both in africa and in the middle east . 
  do n't you remember the international threats when ivory coast was about to break up ? 
  everyone is doing their best to maintain the statu quo there . 
  because no one wants to deal with the war and the victims . 
  a true post-imperialist continent have meaningless names though . 
  current-day benin does not own any land that belonged to the kingdom of benin in nigeria . 
  and there are two countries named kongo . 
  it was on r/mapporn but without west lebanon i believe . 
  chisinau looks like a big old residential area in google maps . 
  also i know there 's some weird dispute going on with transnistria . 
  he may be a conflicted character . 
  he also participated in a genocide . 
  sometimes the results are more relevant than the intentions . 
  they refuse to fund her because the national front has defaulted on its debt in the past . 
  they are not taking an ideological stance . 
  besides , the party is under so many embezzlement investigations that anyone can expect banks to be cautious . 
  in france , i think it can happen but only the other way around . 
  the clients can privatize the bar for a group that `` happen to be '' only female . 
  although everything seem to be less problematic if it 's temporary anyway for the law . 
  the theory is that a business has access to the public market which is regulated by the state . 
  because he benefits from the public market , he has to submit to some obligations , like no discriminations . 
  unless the business chooses to withdraw from the public market and sell things only to subscribers or members of a club iirc . 
  this is what i remember from my basic french law class . 
  for the university program , in france it would be yet another convoluted interpretation of our constitution which allows positive discrimination for gender equality only . 
  but i 'm not aware of any of them . 
  anyway , it would be very hard for businesses to argue the are doing positive discrimination . 
  i 'm not sure there is such a thing as a humane way to kill anyone or anything . 
  however i understand that some people believe so . 
  in the case of this teacher , considering her militant veganism , it did n't occur to me that she could be tolerant of meat eating . 
  i guess i should have given more context . 
  burqa is banned in france . 
  now i see women in paris with a winter scarf around the hair and a surgical mask like asian tourists . 
  i actually think germany made the right decision about public jobs . 
  it has been the case in france for decades . 
  i just hope they do n't expand it to the stupid and unenforcable law we have in france . 
  i agree this is the issue . 
  my problem is that the `` solution '' is about as bad . 
  to ensure that they choose , they can not force them to make the right choice . 
  this is actually a very complicated question . 
  for instead , `` no blacks allowed '' shops are banned all over europe . 
  similarly , there ca n't be a `` no women '' bar . 
  the legal arbitrary rules you can make usually have to submit to very complex laws and jurisprudences . 
  and they are different for every country . 
  french-israeli people will be hit hard by the ban on double nationality . 
  she said specifically she was against double nationality between israel and france . 
  considering the amount of french people living in israel and the amount of french jews who wish to do the same , it was a low blow for them . 
  even more ironical , my philosophy teacher was firmly opposed to halal butchery because she was an animal rights activist . 
  but she was a vegetarian . 
  i 'm not sure i understand why she cared so much about one specific type of butchery as opposed to all butcheries . 
  yes you did . 
  poland even went in the 2003 iraq war . 
  you do n't get to blame france for isis . 
  and you went through a civil war while britain has n't had war on their mainland for centuries . 
  apparently the ec was n't sufficient to prevent that one . 
  but this happens literally nowhere . 
  this is a solution without a problem . 
  i 'm about as shocked as the time i 've heard zaz in a czech supermarket . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  i just hope you 'll avoid a wilhelm ii or an edward vii who 'll ruin the dignity of the crown . 
  i think it would be an instant switch to the republic . 
  people know iznogood ? 
  well this may be what your country chose to do . 
  but in both my countries , france and czechia , the president lives in several palaces and castles so they cost just as much as an hypothetical monarch . 
  i do n't think monarchies are the worst . 
  the prime minister have a sober office and when there are inondations are any other catastrophe , this is not the occasion for a party to score political points . 
  an evil robespierre who want to enlighten the world to the republican way with his guillotinator . 
  i wonder how much is due to the fact rotterdam is the main intercontinental port in europe . 
  is it possible that some things are traded in rotterdam count both as dutch import and export ? 
  i 'm uncovering a world of stereotypes i do n't know about, 
  thank you :d, 
  the trotskyist candidates to the presidency were a highschool teacher and a car-manufacture employee . 
  communists in france tend to be dedicated to their ideology . 
  not rich populists . 
  ultra-catholics represent only 5 % of the population and they were n't the ones pushing for more secular schools . 
  the main parties usually did n't care for them . 
  the traditional right generally believe religion should be kept at home contrary to ultra-catholics . 
  even though muslims bother them more than christians , they banned every religious displays along the headscarves in schools because they did n't want to be accused of islamophobia . 
  so christian students now have to hide their cross too even if this is far less strictly enforced . 
  macron comes from a catholic school . 
  and surprisingly , there is a significant group of ultracatholics in france which is very open to refugees . 
  christian charity , pope francis and all that . 
  so they might be extremely divided during this second round . 
  french ultra-catholics are turned off by le pen 's extreme secularism . 
  they have faced some unintended side-effects from religious ban in public schools that was pushed by sarkozy and they do n't want to go further that way . 
  they preferred fillon .
