  note : france did bail out its banks but it was to a far less extent than the us iirc . 
  germany and the uk . 
  there was no fear than any french bank would go bankrupt . 
  our banking system is quite robust ( but not very dynamic ) . 
  it is n't really free market if it 's subsidized . 
  they cause perverse effect if there is not rational regulation behind . 
  even when there were quotas , the quotas were a bit stupidly assigned . 
  my guess is the milk lobby overestimated the need for milk . 
  i think deregulation would be even worse . 
  but the patches of r\u00e9gulations really need fixing . 
  to be fair , a big part of that 200m or 300m would have gone to the new world . 
  there are very important german and italian communities from canada to argentine that appeared during the 19th century . 
  meanwhile there was barely any french emigration . 
  in fact , many europeans immigrated to france . 
  not ditching it , but we have to stop to oversubsidize milk which we overproduce . 
  it 's useless to produce environmentally-friendly milk if we just throw it away after . 
  i think no farmers intended to vote for macron , and they really are a small voting block . 
  but urban leftist usually feel bad for them and taking away subsidies for farmers might be unhelpful for the campaign . 
  i sure hope he does something about it if he 's elected though . 
  i think his comment is relevant when we talk about public spending . 
  most of french spendings toward the private sector seem to be for transportation and energy while the weapon manufacturing industry is showered with dollars in the us . 
  in 2009 we faired a lot better than the rest of the world . 
  but as usual , our recovery is far slower than the rest as well . 
  it was the same during the great depression . 
  french banks were alright in 1929 . 
  but then the industry was hit after everyone else begin to recover in 1933 and it took years to recover growth . 
  i thought about that second scenario as well . 
  i fear french are being cheeky when they answer polling question . 
  i think france is a little salty, 
  there is a similar plaza in compi\u00e8gne . 
  they already removed the union jack ... 
  i think loan words mostly do n't count . 
  i meant the distance is correct only for the represented relationships . 
  if there is no line , they did n't bother to accurately represent the distance . 
  if no link is represented , you do n't know the actual overlap . 
  but i 'm pretty sure french and russian would be in the  71 bracket . 
  easier to learn maybe . 
  but here what is measured is the ability to recognize written words . 
  french words tend to remain pretty intact in english . 
  the relation between slovak and hungarian is not represented so it may be closer . 
  i think nothing is false , they just did n't choose the most relevant connections . 
  edit : missing words, 
  they * are * the closest . 
  the numbers seems to suggest catalan is closer to romanian than italian is . 
  but it appears that if a line is not depicted , you can not know for sure if it is closer or farther from an other language . 
  we probably do n't have the same definition of cheap . 
  most universities in france are around 100 $ a year . 
  some of the most prestigious schools are about 1000 $ a year . 
  the two most prestigious science schools are free for anyone who manages to get into them . 
  in europe , the idea is the best students should definitely go to the best schools no matter the socio-economic class of their parent . 
  doing so is beneficial to everyone in the society because everyone lives at the fullest of their potential . 
  then the one who succeeds are grateful for the system that brought them here and pay back . 
  one of the main difference between european and american mindset is that we are far less optimistic . 
  even when we are succesful , we think about how we would handle the situation if we suddenly became disabled , or unemployed or whatever . 
  we tend to value the fact that those who pay are the one who can because we keep in mind that we could one day not be able to pay anymore . 
  i understand that americans care less about their neighbors declaring bankruptcy because this can not possibly happen to them . 
  to them , paying more taxes to pay for the virtual debt of unsuccesful student looks like an entitlement program that sustains parasites while they become the succesful person they deserve to be . 
  furthermore not only richer people pay for my education but corporations as well . 
  and it is in corporations ' interest that the best education is available so that everyone lives to the fullest of their potential . 
  they benefit from high-skilled workers , i do n't see why they should expect family units to be the only one to bear the price of such a fundamental institution . 
  my point is americans value more the bottom line and success stories . 
  so they define `` rich '' a certain way that paints in an unfavorable light . 
  meanwhile , europeans value solidarity and social security at the expense of their middle class and the dynamism of their economy . 
  europeans achievements are harder to measure and they appear to be cherry-picking in the american eyes . 
  but they are mostly the result of differences in values and culture . 
  sure it 's possible . 
  i wo n't remain inactive until it happens . 
  but i trust my country to do the same as austria . 
  that sounds unlikely at both turns . 
  i give this outcome 1/6 chance of occuring . 
  the city became the financial capital of europe thanks to open borders . 
  the eu is a little bit more than the european budget . 
  every rich people pay more into the country than it gets out . 
  but the royal family have special tax breaks that your regular banker do n't have . 
  but i think it 's legitimate since the royal family does more for the uk than the regular banker . 
  oh the sweet sweet irony , i thought for a moment you were talking about the eu . 
  i do n't know you or your opinion . 
  but coming from serbia i can appreciate the sweet irony . 
  i think the sixth american fleet on its own might be stronger than the british navy . 
  the russian navy as well . 
  that 's rich coming from a country which subsidizes its royal family !, 
  you should be the ones who understand the importance of common symbolism . 
  that 's a good point but also extremely hypocritical given that many brexiters are protectionnists as well . 
  furthermore , the eu is not set in stone and the uk was a powerful driving force toward more free trade ( ceta , trans-atlantic partnership ... ) . 
  the uk will now have to tear down foreign trade barriers on their own , which will be significantly harder . 
  so who 's going to make it to the second round if macron does n't make it ? 
  there are white africans . 
  and not only in south africa . 
  you sure lack of maple leafs in canada, 
  you know that makes it worse right ? 
  there were more than enough terrorist attacks to mention . 
  he did n't even * need * to make up three of them . 
  breivik was more of a terrorist mastermind than a deranged teenager , and even then it was once in norway 's history . 
  meanwhile there is a mass shooting every week in the us . 
  there are psychos everywhere . 
  but in france at least , they make it to national news when they stab just one guy . 
  except in our `` socialist '' society , the burden of paying for education is on the one who can pay for it . 
  big corporations and billionaires pay a lot more taxes than regular people . 
  contrary to a loan , taxes are adapting to your current situation . 
  with student debt , you can not stop working because you need this income .
