  i 'm not sure if this is actually a very smart joke or a very ignorant response, 
  it 's maybe because i lean to the left of the democrats . 
  but the report given to obama was very wrong as well in my opinion . 
  it 's hard to criticize obama when you see what 's next . 
  but we can not let him off the hook . 
  he omitted countries that has business ties to the us and included iran which is highly unlikely to attack directly the us . 
  but i agree , it seems to be far-fetched that the eo in its final form was racist . 
  except most delusional people do n't actively vote against their own rights . 
  that 's a special kind of delusion . 
  florian philippot is gay and the n \u00b0 2 in the national front . 
  but i believe he is still somewhat closeted and homophobic so ... 
  yeah that was fun . 
  but to be fair , there were far less muslims than cathos there . 
  you are totally right . 
  but those who hate gay people the most are polite so that 's alright by them . 
  - sigh -, 
  but removing the right to adopt or to see your so in hospital is not just irritating . 
  the bathroom bills are not irritating because of what they explicitly do . 
  it 's frightening because they suddenly feel the need to legislate something in order to ostracize transgender people . 
  ( nobody cared about which bathroom they used in the 2000 when we pretended they did n't exist ), 
  mike did n't explicitly support gay conversion therapy . 
  but he did n't want to remove the ability to fund it . 
  it 's still a subtle endorsement by my book . 
  everyone will face the question of marriage and adoption . 
  only a part of the gay community faces danger from the muslims sometimes . 
  it 's like saying : `` i 'm ready to renounce to my ability to form a family because my priority is to lower the rate of aids transmission . '', 
  they are voting for them at a surprisingly high rate considering how homophobic they are . 
  30 % of them vote for marine . 
  the thing is . 
  as a gay french guy who have been harassed by muslims . 
  those who harassed me at schools were n't the `` refugees '' ( barely any of them want to stay in france ) . 
  it was the fourth generation of muslim in france . 
  those are not immigrants . 
  they have no families outside europe . 
  a tougher border will not solve the problem of gay-bashing by muslims . 
  gay people who vote for marine are delusional . 
  except there are many delusional gay people who vote for marine because they believe they need to be protected from muslims ... 
  she wants an improved civil union because she opposes gay adoption . 
  but she has nothing against a tax break . 
  that 's not really progressive . 
  philippot was outed . 
  his sexuality would have remained a secret if it were n't for the tabloid, 
  descartes used algebra which was developped by islamic scholars . 
  averro\u00e8s had an impact on western philosophy . 
  but many connections were lost because most of history was written in the 19th century at the time when we needed to justify european supremacy over muslim countries . 
  historians are slowly recovering the true scope of the exchange between the west and the east in the middle ages . 
  something like `` native french '' , or `` original french '' . 
  sometimes this definition even excludes french traditional minorities like the * bretons or the corsicans . 
  i 've heard another theory that i like . 
  the middle ages was the era of alchemy . 
  one of the core belief of alchemy is that everything gets better once it 's pure . 
  they wanted to make pure gold , pure iron . 
  but concrete works the exact opposite way . 
  the more messy it is , the stronger it becomes source : my history class at my engineering school, 
  well of course she returns to see her parents at least twice a year . 
  but she never went back to live in czechia . 
  that 's a pretty big deal . 
  my czech mother married my french father when she was on an exchange programme and never came back to czechia . 
  now i see she 's extremely worried everytime i mention i could go oversea . 
  your calendar is awesome though . 
  the roman one is so lazy they did n't properly name the four last months . 
  they are simply `` seventh '' , `` eighth '' , `` ninth '' and `` tenth '' . 
  november 2018 . 
  de gaulle was a founder of the precursor to the eu . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  this seems reductive . 
  he did conspire with foreign powers to invade france and put him back in charge . 
  if he truly did n't care he would have gone along . 
  most of this portrayal is probably propaganda from the restoration revived by the royalist party during the 3rd republic . 
  he supported them like catherine of russia , as long as it was to strip the nobility of their privileges , but not if it meant stripping him of his absolute power . 
  i suspect you 're going to speak about the pedant anecdote about the federation parade . 
  that 's not really accurate though . 
  he probably made an effort to be understood by foreigners . 
  we simply call it the 14th of july or the national holiday which are n't very explicit . 
  well and take all the weapons that were there after they had taken those in the invalides . 
  yeah no . 
  change begins when we stop to hide and try to change the view of people around us . 
  this was why pride began . 
  why would you want people to obey reactionnaries in liberal societies ? 
  what benefit ? 
  there wo n't be many more vaccines as those eleven were almost automatic if you did n't object to them . 
  so we are talking about the 5 % of babies that went unvaccined . 
  they usually show up for the questions to the government once a week . 
  they really do n't need to lose their time listening to other deputies debate on subjects they do n't know about . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  modern greece shares basically nothing with ancient greece . 
  historians agree there is no link between them apart from a patriotic sentiment born in the 19th century . 
  so almost the same as macedonia that shares nothing with ancient macedonia . 
  even if people care about bullshit narratives that nations are eternal or something , i do n't think it should affect how real-world policies are made . 
  what i see is a country that has a completely revisionnist and nationalist narrative about their history that is butthurt the neighbor is doing the same . 
  your made up narrative is not something to `` protect '' . 
  let historians do their job and do n't let feelings get in the way . 
  it 's not wrong for you to feel that . 
  it 's stranger to police what other people in other countries must feel about their own connection to the past . 
  the few medical studies on this seem to show pedophiles do n't care about the gender of their victim . 
  they often have a different sexual orientation with adults if they have any attraction for adults at all . 
  but parents are less protective of their young boys than their young girls . 
  so boys are more often victims . 
  welcome to yurogay germany !, 
  he looks like the spotlight is slightly too strong .
