  le pen is strongly europhobic . 
  fillon is slightly euroskeptic . 
  but it 's hard to predict what any result might mean before the legislative elections . 
  none of them are going to have a majority so their ability to enforce their program will be tied to their ability to forge a coalition . 
  that reminds me of one of the most liberal moroccan journal who advocates for democracy and women 's right . 
  once their frontpage was : `` should we kill all the gays ? '' . 
  thankfully , they had so much backlash , especially from moroccans abroad , that they had to apologize . 
  the interpretation of the constitution is not up to public opinion . 
  interpretation of the law is up to judges after they heard the legal case made by advocates of both sides . 
  if the public is not satisfied by the interpretation of one law , they have to push their representatives to amend the law so it becomes less ambiguous . 
  this is how democracy works . 
  this is how laws work . 
  you amateur , me the arrogant french perfectly know that the italians are indeed the most self-depreciating people of this continent . 
  there is quite a precedent for the meaning of the `` self-determination of the peoples '' . 
  there is a good legal case to be made that this refers to wilson 's points before the versailles treaty . 
  the republic 's offer to be part of france 's institution is conditionned by the `` manifestation of the will to adhere '' . 
  so there are multiple peoples in france , the french in the state of france , and other peoples in the oversea * territories * . 
  each people has to manifest its will to adhere . 
  the second preamble refers to several peoples again . 
  it recognize the liberty to self-administrate and to democratically manage their own affairs . 
  this seems to refer to autonomy and not specifically independence . 
  but france is only `` taking care of this peoples '' which suggests that this is a temporary condition , or at least not an eternal one . 
  with this context , if there was only one french people , why would the law precise the `` concerned '' populations ? 
  the previous preambles already established that there was several peoples within france and that each one of them has to express consent to be part of the republic . 
  well at least that would be my amateur case . 
  but i 'm confident that i 'm right given that the constitutional court did not veto the noum\u00e9a agreement . 
  far more brilliant legal minds than me have argued both sides of this case and they arrived to the same conclusion as me . 
  i thought mayotte was no longer on the list now that it became a department . 
  '' article 53 of the constitution of 1958 these are the extracts on which the argument for the legality of an unilateral independance for oversea territories is based . 
  i think their argument is pretty solid . 
  ( sorry non-francophone readers , i do n't feel qualified to translate legal documents , 
  our constitution says that oversea territories ( not departments ) can check out anytime they want ( as long as this is coming from the will of the local people and arguably only if the next regime is democratic ) . 
  it even suggests france is merely holding their hands until they are able to be independant or join the republic . 
  i would argue it 's less about the clay and more about the actual people living there . 
  which is a less outdated argument in my opinion . 
  but northern ireland should be british for as long as they want to be . 
  no , they do n't want to . 
  new caledonia will vote about independance next year . 
  loyalists are expected to win . 
  personally , i think their degree of autonomy is optimal . 
  they benefit from french subsidies and foreign policy . 
  but they do n't have to comply to laws that are ill-fit for them . 
  especially since they value tribal laws a lot . 
  recently mayotte joined france proper . 
  it was their own decision and they will benefit from the situation . 
  but the transition is hard as they have to learn to deal with property laws and the end of polygamy . 
  new caledonia is on the list of territories to decolonize because the opposition party lobbied for it with the neighbouring countries . 
  but the un is fine with the situation as long as france organizes referendum as often as they want to from what i understand . 
  r\u00e9union is completely part of france but new caledonia or french polynesia follow their own laws and do not send their representatives . 
  st pierre et miquelon is in the same situation and it is even less populated than gibraltar . 
  i 'm gay . 
  having a kid is quite a challenge between surrogacy and adoption laws . 
  that 's not master troll . 
  that 's the lowest form of troll possible . 
  saying something offensive that does n't provoke any thought nor any laugh . 
  why do you keep using the past tense ? 
  i 'm talking about a hypothetical here , what was suggested by the article . 
  and please answer the question instead of dodging them by misconstructing what i say . 
  if you are trolling me , consider yourself successful , you are reaching new levels of condescendance even for france . 
  spain has n't disrespected this yet . 
  but the spaniards who suggest annexation here do . 
  do you think that there is a middle ground between letting spain annex gibraltar and ignore the gibraltarian will to remain in the eu ? 
  it was a typo, 
  gibraltarians did n't want to leave the eu . 
  but they want even less to become spanish . 
   well uk will ignore the gilbraltarian referendum that is the most recent why would you assume that ? 
   they surely do n't like a tax haven at their doorstep just like we do n't really like it when monaco or switzerland do it . 
  and that 's the valid concern they should focus on . 
  i wonder if this really happens outside of reddit . 
  `` muh clay '' seems to be coming from polandball and paradoxgames . 
  i spend to much time here to know if these kinds of nerdy territorial claims really are such hot issues irl . 
  as opposed to ... spain ? 
  explanations for why the differences justify gibraltar being spanish . 
  or why the size of the territory matters when we talk about sovereignty . 
  and if they vote for independance , so be it , i will respect their decision . 
  my problem here is that some spaniards do n't want to respect the gibraltarian referendum . 
  why ??? 
  you need better explanations than : `` that 's different '' or `` pretty borders '' . 
  but you made a disingeneous distinction . 
  sure the rock is different from ceuta and melilla . 
  but you implied that this difference is sufficient for spain to claim sovereignty . 
  i pointed other situations different from ceuta and melilla implying that your argument was a fallacy . 
  you need a better argument than distance to justify that ceuta and melilla can remain spanish , azores can remain portuguese , west berlin can remain west german , but gibraltar should become spanish . 
  there are plenty of differences between these situations but i have n't heard a single one justifying the annexation of gibraltar . 
  and just like gibraltar , all of them want to remain french so far . 
  i may be naive but i believe this is all spanish politicians have in mind . 
  annexations are so outdated . 
  especially since the spaniards should n't want to play this game either . 
  what about the hundreds of thousands of spaniards who have lived there all their life ? 
  sovereignty is not about nice-looking borders . 
  distance is irrelevant in the era of aviation and of the internet . 
  it does n't take weeks to send anything to gibraltar anymore . 
  distance was not an issue in west berlin . 
  distance is not an issue in the azores . 
  the only valid source of sovereignty is the will of the people . 
  the constitution was n't amended in czechoslovakia . 
  but i guess it is because none of the two countries claimed to be the successor state of czechoslovakia . 
  even though czechia basically copy-pasted everything from the czechoslovak constitution . 
  although spain probably would n't try this trick . 
  the rest of spain would continue to claim they are the same country as before , that they just lost catalonia .
