  he repeats the people will decide in the constituent assembly . 
  then he will be just like tsipras , disappointing . 
   in its program `` where the current government is content with overtaxation of income superior to 1 million at a 75 % tax rate while exonerating financial income '' the party of the left is the proponent of `` a complete restructuration of the income tax in order to make it more progressive '' . 
  that 's my approximate translation . 
  i 'm especially unsure about translating ` revenus d'activit\u00e9s ' as income . 
  i think it might have a broader definition than income . 
  you mean he likes to have his mouth full ? 
  orthodox and catholics might not be that different after all . 
  ` murder ' is slender promoted by hell 's media . 
  the truth as reported by rt is that satan was accidently poisonned by an excess of polonium . 
  it is obviously the low quality of the water supply in hell which is to blame . 
  what was the implication of the church with the previous regime ? 
  it seems to be one of the main factor in the difference between czechia and poland . 
  i had no problem with the clinton investigation announcement initially . 
  i was let down and bummed that they finally found something on her . 
  but i was completely salty it turned out to be nothing but slander yet again . 
  contrary to clinton , for le pen the evidence is already there and transparent . 
  cqfd turkey is in yurop !, 
  and ... mesopotamia ? 
  ... africa ? 
  i had the same feeling during the scotland referendum . 
  i knew scotland should remain . 
  but i was excited about the chaos and the new flag designs . 
  if it comes to this , i will forever shut up about the 2016 \u00e9lections in the us . 
  this is why many people dislike this kind of election system . 
  it always end up on a compromise and it does n't incite bold change . 
  as a centrist , i would be fine with that . 
  but i think the two-round system is still a satisfying compromise between popular representation and the ability for bold candidates to change the outcome . 
  this has never been the case in france . 
  every main political parties have been somewhat centralist in france . 
  we are not a federation . 
  they will when the rich leave france and stop paying taxes altogether . 
  ugh okay china , i 'll call them chinese taipei like you want me too . 
  i thought you were sending isaiah this year . 
  i wish eurovision could reach the same status as the olympics . 
  do you think south koreans will ban north korean athletes in pyeongchang next year ? 
  was taiwan banned from beijing ? 
  eurovision contestants could be protected by some diplomatic status . 
  i 'm still pissed off . 
  the juries ' responsibility should be to prevent this type of songs from winning . 
  but they rewarded her . 
  she did n't win thanks to a popular opposition to russia . 
  she won thanks to the juries . 
  i 've played on a risk map where poland had a coast line on the baltic sea , the black sea and the mediterranean . 
  yeah , but he would probably lose . 
  people often vote in referendum to punish their leaders when they are used scarcely like in france or britain . 
  it 's true but for a new treaty on the eurozone , or for leaving it , i 'm pretty sure the assembly has always been required . 
  the last point seem to be nationalistic propaganda , just like the french claim to be related to the gauls since the french revolution . 
  let 's not talk about that . 
  the rest makes sense . 
  although someone else mentionned that many stolen artworks have been returned already . 
  there is an issue only about a few of the most presitigious ones that remained . 
  i 'm also cautious about what was legal in the past . 
  there was a stuffed african lady in the museum of natural history up until the last decade in paris . 
  she has been returned to her tribe to be buried only recently . 
  but her body was probably legitimately taken at the time and nobody could say anything about it at the time . 
  the pacha of egypt offered an obelisk from luxor to france . 
  but could the pacha own an artifact that was three millenia older than him ? 
  i 'm still confused about who gets to ` own ' the legacy of mankind . 
  would a painting from a monastery in the independent city-state of padua be better in rome than in paris ? 
  or should they return the painting only if it goes in a museum in padua ? 
  after all , the concept of nationality was still inexistent at the time . 
  but they can imagine how history would have turned out if there was no theft , and then rome would be the legitimate owner . 
  among the top 4 , i 've seen few stupid ideas like that . 
  some are controversial considering your political leaning . 
  here i really do n't see any positive even from a socialist point of view . 
  i 'm thankful this is only an option after plan b. 
  but i will take this in consideration as i believe plan a is doomed to fail . 
  it is certainly telling about his views in international politics . 
  it 's not even like it was a one-time suggestion . 
  it 's part of his platform . 
  the eu , the au and the un are designed to be unable to impose their will on member states . 
  they exist to serve member states . 
  it 's dishonest to blame them for anything . 
  everytime , you should blame the country that prevented them from acting . 
  if we do n't join their common currency , we do n't really join the alba . 
  it appears to be the only thing that the alba is doing . 
  if we do join the common currency , we will be forced to bail out the other countries so our rating is not damaged , just like germany did with greece in the eurozone . 
  we would have an enormous french guiana from la paz to havana as a burden . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is very critical of the way merkel handled the greek debt crisis . 
  he wished we would have spend more there . 
  so i naturally expect him to do better in the alba . 
  he would want to help poor venezuela who is the victim of unfair neoliberal financial markets . 
  i really do n't see where can be the benefit for france except if we turn them into colonies . 
  but i do n't suspect m\u00e9lenchon to be a neo-colonialist . 
  edit : ok , so i 've read it again and there is another compromise . 
  only oversea territories would join the alba , so these territories would n't use the same money as the metropole anymore and they would tighten their ties to south america . 
  then france does n't need to bail alba out but it looks like we are just abandoning our oversea territories to south american standard of living . 
  i still fail to see the benefit but that seems less random . 
  not returning stolen work of art may be conservative . 
  but being in favour of sharing food , housing , transportation , clean water , entertainment with all of humanity surely is n't . 
  this is why i was confused . 
  so we should n't be in competition with workers with less social protection in eastern europe . 
  but effectively funding venezuela and cuba with a common currency sounds like a great plan ? 
  his amount of cognitive dissonance in foreign policy is impressive . 
  wait what ? 
  that sounds uncalled for or i do n't get it . 
  especially after a globalist comment . 
  no we were talking about what 's worth funding by the eu . 
  i 'm arguing that we should investigate what is historically meaningful and you argue that we should concentrate on big impressive things .
