  but yeah france tried to keep some symbols to legitimize the new dynasties . 
  that 's like france and germany both claiming charlemagne . 
  he first became a ruler in france , but his legacy lasted longer in germany . 
  if they were killed in a war , there would be no debate . 
  but there seems to be no official state of war . 
  and if there was , we would be in a lot of trouble because we are executing pow . 
  no matter how you look at it , it remains messy even though it looks justified . 
  wow . 
  beijing has n't taken off here in france . 
  we keep using pekin . 
  oh sorry , i did n't question your judgement . 
  i just explained why i made my wrong assumption . 
  that 's funny because i confuse american and english sometimes . 
  but i 'm not familiar at all with the nigerian accent . 
  i assumed this because even though there is a noticeable difference between metropolitan french and quebecois french , african french usually sounds more foreign to me . 
  i would expect it to be more like the difference between british english and nigerian english, 
  there are civilian courts specialized in military matter . 
  but there have been no martial courts in france since the wwi . 
  there are no martial courts in france . 
  furthermore , the situation described is not simply `` we happened to meet on the battlefield '' which would be mostly ok . 
  well i thought we have grown up a bit since the middle ages with the rule of law and all this . 
  furthermore we do n't believe in the death penalty anymore . 
  you can argue this is the pragmatic thing to do but do n't bring history into this . 
  not sure to be honest . 
  france waited for the full story before they discarded strauss-kahn as a rapist . 
  that distinction appears so slim to me . 
  if i set up a facebook group where anyone could subscribe but only white or only black people would get an invitation , it would qualify as a private event . 
  i understand the difference is very important from a legal standpoint , but are you comfortable with the different level of outrage ? 
  i guess there is no problem then . 
  do you realize that people here are more outraged by discrimination to enter some conference than a literal white supremacist gathering ? 
  he wo n't be allowed to get in because none of them would ever give him an invitation . 
  or how a piece of paper somehow makes it legal to discriminate . 
  yeah that was their mistake . 
  but nobody is outraged because they did n't use invitations here . 
  they 're outraged that a black-only reunion is allowed to exist . 
  lira is opposing the rally though . 
  whites-only events already exist though . 
  they just use invitations to make it legal . 
  there absolutely was complete segregation in french colonies . 
  you might need to read about the ` indig\u00e8ne ' status . 
  we just did n't apply the one drop rule . 
  the reverse happens all the time and there is no outcry though . 
  the white supremacists are simply more careful to do it legally . 
  they have more experience with discrimination lawsuits . 
  edit : check out the `` banquet de rivarol '' to see a regular white supremacist event that nobody is opposing . 
  the king would never live in such a dirty insignificant hovel . 
  this was merely the palace where he put his mistress . 
  but czechomoravia or czecho-moravia ? 
  b\u00f6hmen for the entire country !, 
  i thought that this was the whole issue !, 
  that 's such a weird argument to make . 
  `` bulgaria looks too much like bukhara . '', 
  well my mother has used the short version tch\u00e9quie since the 90 's and i had to endure obnoxious french people that corrected me that the correct name was r\u00e9publique tch\u00e8que , even though it made zero sense . 
  so i 'm actually glad our politicians made a sensible decision about the foreign name of the country . 
  oh come on !, 
  do you think this is pure coincidence ? 
  even if donald himself has no problem with it , he was n't the one tagging the facebook picture . 
  it proves that there are some homophobes in his staff ( not really surprising ) . 
  how could i possibly know ? 
  it 's just something i suspect . 
  she seems very self-conscious about her prominent teeth actually . 
  edit : this is not the first time i see her with her mouth awkwardly closed . 
  the fact that this bibi doing the moustache makes this infinitely better . 
  the eu helped a lot to reconcile britain and ireland . 
  now that there is brexit , some people are worried again . 
  the animosity remained there . 
  but the eu helped to bury it deep down . 
  i just find it weird that the very corporations that want these regulations enforced are the one threatening to break them . 
  it 's easier to argue that they are just complaining to protect themselves from ( very unlikely ) competition . 
  given that statoil is basically state-run , it would still be the same people making the same decision . 
  i do n't think they would stop caring about safety because it is n't required by law . 
  they changed the name and the status . 
  there are many legal differences especially regarding the way it can be financed . 
  if they do n't have the experience , how are they going to get any contract ? 
  i do n't think anyone is going to be forced to use helicopter services that are not up to their standards . 
  the norwegian have better helicopter services so why would they need protection ? 
  it looks like a weak excuse . 
  it 's between the light blue bachkortostan ( just right of tatarstan ) and the green chelyabinsk . 
  i was freaking out about my finals so i wasted my time on distracting things that required minimal attention instead of studying . 
  besides they 're kinda cute and there is n't that many gay storylines out there . 
  the plot is incredibly cheesy and stupid though . 
  i 've wasted so much time watching lari and elias on * salatut el\u00e4m\u00e4t * . 
  at some point i could imitate the finnish accent and i knew some words . 
  even the berlin wall did n't stop tens of thousands of germans from escaping . 
  i think you 're right but that would mean that he 's implied that the french point of view and his personal one are the same thing . 
  and i 'm not sure whether i 'm surprised by this . 
  but he wanted to be `` softer '' on islamic terrorism . 
  in his opinion the true problem was assimilation . 
  this is why i do n't understand any words from this post . 
  i like france24 in english . 
  it 's the right balance between the francophone countries and the rest of the world for me . 
  well do you listen to them ? 
  do you know any muslim blogger or imam ? 
  because they usually are pretty vocal in their condemnation . 
  arte introduced me to miyazaki and i will never be thankful enough . 
  yeah we have france 5 for shitty american documentaries and sensasionnalist or depressing crap . 
  they were similar in quality when they shared airtime . 
  but when they became both full-time channels , france 5 degraded and arte improved . 
  the government was named vichy because it was seated in the small thermal town of vichy . 
  because it was very touristic at the time , there were big hotels they could use as government buildings .
