  they think other ethnic groups have invaded their land . 
  this is basically the only reason serbia wants kosovo back . 
  i 'm going to laugh if posobiec face trial after this . 
  he thought he was untouchable . 
  they just needed to take a look at america or the french long history of military coups to fear the problems that come with a presidential system . 
  there is an actual debate about this in japan . 
  some people say it is unethical to put people in danger just to perpetuate a tradition . 
  however having a six pack does n't lower your lifespan and is n't linked to mental illness . 
  muscle mass will surely be the thing preventing female models from working / s, 
  you jinxed it !, 
  by american standards , french turnout is always mind-blowingly high . 
  this year it should be lower than usual between 70 % and 80 % . 
  oh it 's fun wondering about this alternate universe . 
  there would be a scandal and le pen would be perceived as supported by russia . 
  then rama yade leads the national union to win the new presidential election . 
  frontists lose their shit and they leave the country to found a perfect hateful new france next to birobidzhan, 
  we do n't have some fow news which would hammer this . 
  even right-wing media is going to condemn this next week . 
  he did say he would run naked down the champs elys\u00e9es if he makes more than 60 % . 
  and he said it with teenager slang . 
  there must be a conspiracy behind this . 
  i still am amazed that it had an impact . 
  trump did n't need emails to be insulting to regular people . 
  but for him it was just `` telling it like it is '' . 
  i ca n't imagine the shitstorm if they did n't have the time to react to it . 
  wikileaks has already confirmed the emails . 
  they were fast . 
  that was not a leak . 
  that was public in the first place !, 
  they can attach a penis . 
  it 's just expensive and usually done only on adults . 
  i 'm not sure there is enough data about intersex people to answer this question . 
  there are very few of them . 
  but the rate of suicide among transgender people drops post-surgery . 
  i 'm going to assume that letting intersex people choose what they want to do with their body has the same outcome . 
  gay people have adopted kids for 20 years in france by now . 
  you can go and see what their children think about . 
  the debate is about whether or not we are going to continue putting them through enormous trouble when it comes to filiation . 
   the republic only recognises one community : the french one that 's actually false . 
  even in the constitution there is one special distinction that we make : french men and french women . 
  women is the only group for which france can do positive discrimination for . 
  gender is one of the only identity characteristic that can be registered . 
  it is one of the few informations contained within your social security number . 
   but the thing i fear with that : what if tomorrow a man comes to the administration office to claim he considers himself a girl and want to change his official gender on id ? 
  a 50yo woman considers to be 20 and want to change her age ? 
  etc , etc. 
  this is total nonsense for me that 's an outlandish strawman . 
  it has always been about a medical condition not some feeling . 
  you do n't even have your blood type on your id and it would be infinitely more useful . 
  i 've heard that because of the high rate of transgenderism and suicides among intersex people , they tend to be less often put through surgery at birth . 
  they are supposed to make a decision once they are old enough . 
  when they get there , some do n't want to bother with surgery . 
  after all , some have learned to live with their body the way they are in the mean time . 
  but most of them love free-trade areas like the eu and support nato . 
  and i 'm saying we are n't necessarily going toward the european republic just like the usa is not going toward the american republic . 
  macron is ready to offer compensation for that contrary to m\u00e9lenchon . 
  i 'm fine for tax breaks that attracts actual companies to the periphery of the eu . 
  i 'm more salty when the blue banana is producing the value , but the benefits are sheltered in shallow companies on the periphery . 
  if the periphery competes to attract some industries and service companies , everybody win . 
  i 'm not policy litterate enough to know how we could make this work . 
  but i 'm absolutely sure there is a better compromise than what we have today . 
  but macron wants to lower france tax rates to 25 % . 
  he wants us to do our part . 
  federation is a stable state . 
  it does n't need to be a step in any direction . 
  there 's no chance the usa becomes an unitary state . 
  he 's extremely transparent contrary to other politicians . 
  all his taxes and so on are available . 
  it may even explain how they could make this forgery . 
  all the necessary information was easy to find . 
  regarding europe , mr iraq war has never said we are failed countries that should turn onto each others . 
  you know european pride . 
  i know i should stop trusting my father for this kind of anecdotes . 
  but this has been repeated so often that i stopped to question it . 
  thanks for the reality check . 
  bush sr. was cringy for the french audience . 
  he was praying too much , like thatcher , while in office . 
  he sure looks better now in comparison . 
  but i ca n't stop laughing at the time he said the french lacked business spirit because they did n't have a word for ` entrepreneur ' . 
  and it was after bush who was universally hated in europe in 2008 . 
  if anything , the debate last night proved that she does n't know that much more what she 's doing than trump . 
  we are lucky . 
  we can complain about brexit for the next 25 years . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're implying . 
  i 'm czech and i know none of this change would have been possible if the czech did n't work for it . 
  look at romania which started to reform later than the rest of the former bloc . 
  they still lag behind to this day . 
  support from the west was n't the only motor for the success of czechia and poland . 
  you made me sad . 
  you described my office job in paris . 
  nothing has changed in 25 years ?!, 
  i remember czechia in the early 2000 's , it 's night and day . 
  i remember seeing this for the average worktime per week accounted for vacations and part-time jobs . 
  iirc , americans worked something like 8 more hours a week than the french . 
  the germans worked even less . 
  i 'm glad i 'm an adult now . 
  in highschool , complaining about everything was pretty much the only acceptable subject of conversation , especially with people i did n't know . 
  no but german and french teenagers can work retail jobs with pto . 
  but you * are * dishonestly demonizing soros . 
  sure but when the fact both the socialist party and the national front first supported a woman at the same time while the republicans never did , we can not really say they are more sexist than most other political parties .
