  also the first time we let everyone vote even in rural areas , we elected the guy who became emperor , napoleon iii . 
  my understanding is that education had to come from the top for the lower class to become familiar with the idea of democracy . 
  i do n't think anybody sufficiently more skilled so that everybody agree he was more skilled will be left behind . 
  and that sounds like revisionnist history . 
  french revolutionnary was a tiny minority which murdered hundred of thousands of people . 
  few revolted against the elite in the countryside . 
  they revolted against the republic . 
  there are no official statistics of course . 
  but some studies in the 90 's have suggested one third of american catholic priests are homosexual . 
  and then in 2015 charamsa claimed there are many closeted homosexuals even in the vatican that live a secret life . 
  no one is able to name which man exactly has been left behind by that quota . 
  but there are clear losers in elections and we are able to tell who was the most qualified . 
  it is n't always the winner . 
  and yeah democracy is a doomed ideology . 
  the parisian bourgeois elite should n't have imposed the revolution on reactionnary peasants . 
  i guess i do n't see how relevant the small amount of hypothetical qualified people left behind because of affirmative action can be compared to the massive amount of qualified people left behind because of partisanship , populism and communication . 
  to me the benefits outweigh the cost . 
  and i simply disagree that society changes from the bottom to the top . 
  i do n't think it ever has happened this way . 
  i think this is a fundamental difference in our worldview . 
  do you trust afghan people to elect a woman even if she is more qualified ? 
  i mean i guess i understand if you want to turn a blind eye to the subtle sexism of the west . 
  but are you ready to affirm that affirmative action in afghanistan to change mentalities is illegitimate ? 
  the fact that they have laws that protect access for women to the parliament could be considered a proof that they care more about women representation in parliament than waiting people to stop being bigotted . 
  that seems to be a pretty big deal regardless . 
  furthermore , france has the same legal requirement as tunisia yet they ended up with less female representatives . 
  it really does n't sound good when an islamist party elects more female representatives than french conservatives under similar conditions . 
  what is the point you are trying to make ? 
  the six first women head of state were elected in asia . 
  so much for judeo-christian civilisation . 
  but then you look at afghanistan and sudan which had more women than france in the parliament until now . 
  senegal , tunisia , sudan , afghanistan for example . 
  all of them currently have more women in the parliament than france or the us . 
  most homosexuals per capita . 
  gay catholics allegedly tend to become priests to avoid marriage . 
  how did they get this number for st pierre et miquelon ? 
  there is n't a religious census there . 
  edit : do they simply count baptisms ? 
  molestation does n't mean penetration . 
  does n't mean it is any less wrong . 
  most businesses do n't have access to police records . 
  french schools have access to records about sexual abuse because of the risk . 
  to me macron does the opposite of pandering . 
  he 's going to begin his presidency with one of its least popular proposals , labour law reform , and he is ready to spent hours with factory workers to explain them he is n't going to save their jobs . 
  he 's our resident american troll . 
  you learn to like his style . 
  i 've never seen him out of character . 
  besides everything that was pointed out , far-left and far-right parties have an habit of appointing inexperienced candidates . 
  i 've seen an article listing all the distasteful twitter accounts of fn candidates ( they did n't need to be careful about them as they are not politicians ) . 
  marine le pen might seem more palatable to mainstream voters but her party colleagues , not so much . 
  france never liked hard liberals ? 
  then why have we voted for right wing parties for most of the 5th republic ? 
  you might want to take a look out of your bubble . 
  i 'm surprised by ireland . 
  i would have guessed that less dense areas need more cars , just like finland . 
  people , no usually . 
  foreigners here means foreign banks and huge investment funds . 
  bank are supposed to sit on huge amounts of currency . 
  and they get to choose which one they keep . 
  when did he ever talk about lowering wages ? 
  macron shared the url on his twitter account . 
  i 'm not an expert but the simplest explanation is : foreigners who own pounds fear they 're going to be worthless now that conservatives have lost the majority and are less likely to be able to negociate a proper brexit deal . 
  so they sell it to a lower price than the day before to get rid of it faster . 
  if only more people knew how bad this name is . 
  everything is possible if you try hard enough . 
  and i think british comedy proves that you deserve to use this word more than we do with our french comedy . 
  so that 's settled . 
  if i 'm copying your book , you still own it but i 've stolen your work :p, 
  it 's french actually . 
  i do n't know why they felt the need to steal that word . 
  hello there, 
  it 's supposed to reach at least 200 mbit/s . 
  but i did n't get to try it . 
  that would have been relevant for most castles in france but this one was built during the second empire as a museum in the 19th century . 
  the castle that was in its place before was destroyed two centuries before , hence the lack of original furniture . 
  then you want to live on the rocher . 
  beautiful mansions , a nice view on the lake , the castle and the church . 
  some distance from the plebeian tourist crowd . 
  they just got access to high speed internet thanks to me . 
  and it just so happens that one of them is free right now . 
  is there anything else you can ask for ? 
  how many millions of euros are you ready to spend ? 
  but both lrem and de gaulle 's majorities were coalitions as well . 
  yeah they are clearly cherry-picking in order to have a good headline . 
  there 's no good reasons to exclude this one . 
  every majority has campaigned with several parties in them , but somehow this one count as a coalition of two different parties . 
  i know but it already makes a difference for researchers who came to study from the middle east to america . 
  they 're not the biggest group but they are already moving to canada or other alternatives . 
  there will be some some consequences on the short term . 
  this was in obama 's america, 
  `` do n't blame me i 'm from massachussets '' holds true yet again . 
  most of you did n't even care enough to show up to vote against donald trump . 
  it 's sad but let 's face it , most americans do n't care about the environment . 
  the run alone would eliminate 90 % of my p.e class . 
  i 'm not sure the military allows you to cheat on your push-ups like most student did in my class either . 
  there are so many princess movies and my favorite one is * popelka * that i watch on every christmas . 
  contrary to south american dictators , everybody loved islamists in the 80 's . 
  look up the articles in newspaper at the time . 
  they were perceived as lovely traditional freedom fighter by pretty much anyone in the west . 
  i meant to talk about his dynasty that remained relevant in the holy roman empire for far longer , along with the empire itself .
