  the worst to this is 99 % of french people have never heard of trianon . 
  there are a fair amount of people criticizing him for his choice of word here as well . 
  i personally do n't care either way . 
  except if someone mentions trianon , or the compromise . 
  then the shitshow extend to hungary as well . 
  even if it appears to be less dead serious . 
  i 'm czech and french . 
  i grew up in france but i often went back to czechia . 
  i 've seen czechia in the late 90 's when things had n't got that much better yet . 
  i 've been through several stages . 
  first i was completely oblivious to the stigma and the stereotypes . 
  i just felt smart that i knew it was n't czechoslovakia anymore contrary to most adults . 
  then i became confused by the differences between what people thought czechia was and what was my experience there . 
  after that , i was angry at the pictures in my geography book . 
  there were pictures of bulgarians farmer reaping by hand to describe the life in eastern europe in 2005 . 
  i felt it was just ignorant and wrong to describe czechia like this in a formal middle school class . 
  now , czechia is in the eu and more and more people visit prague . 
  people become familiar with central europe and i can finally laugh about those stereotypes that are somewhat true . 
  there * are * shitty buildings in the middle of nowhere in a true communist fashion . 
  they do watch hilariously kitsch movies ( i love them ) . 
  i 'm glad reddit bring us together . 
  well , it 's probably simply how they feel when they compare themselves to the rest for most . 
  but i do n't think there was as much of a homelessness problem for instance . 
  to be fair , there is so much comedy about him in czechia that there is nothing left to say for the rest of us . 
  you are savage . 
  this proposal would just have maintained the status quo . 
  the land-owning hungarian nobility in slovakia would make the territory effectively under hungarian control even if it was populated by mostly slovakian nationals . 
  this would work only with redistribution of wealth so most of the proponents were socialists . 
  this ca n't be implemented under the monarchy and the monarchy was the only thing holding all the territories together . 
  this proposal would work a lot better in current day societies because we are much more egalitarian . 
  my mother 's teacher purposefully gave her bad grades in primary school because my grandfather had an english friend . 
  here in france , people associate communism with political opponents working in uranium mines . 
  but i think that these little silly stories are much more important to understand how everyday life was in a communist country . 
  they are economically well off . 
  but you have to take into account political stability and general safety . 
  both somalia and iraq lack those . 
  but that always make me sad to think about these high-skilled immigrants who do not live up to their potential . 
  a generation later , we wo n't have the massive baby-boomer generation . 
  so caring for the elderly will be less of a burden . 
  the problem is not simply delayed , it becomes lighter . 
  i 'm not sure if he was brave or stupid , but his life was colorful to say the least . 
  i 'm sad when i go back to my czech family and i hear all the bullshit they believe about immigrants in france . 
  they are pretty liberal but the general mindset in czechia seems to be that france is burning because of refugees . 
  when i watch news about france there , they sound extremely unfamiliar . 
  some countries , tough call . 
  some people , definitely . 
  and a sizable group of czech are worse off since 1990 . 
  my great uncle was a czech journalist . 
  he wrote : `` apparently communism feeds on paper toilet '' in an article because it was the first thing to disappear from the stores when algeria tried socialism . 
  he lost his job . 
  if brexit is successful , it does n't mean europe has failed . 
  this is n't a zero-sum game . 
  you are looking for trouble . 
  would you be asking this question if i put a photo of the st laurent river and i said it was in quebec instead of canada ? 
  it was 70 years ago ... edit : he said two millenia , hence my comment, 
  can you understand now that you do n't need an economic incentive to leave somalia ? 
  it 's a fucked up place regardless if you are rich or poor . 
  they are refugees , not only economic migrants . 
  you know that * we * are the ones who invented the idea of cutting the head of those who threatened liberty , right ? 
  the fact that you think of isis first is very disturbing to me . 
  if i gave you 100000 $ a year , would you live in somalia ? 
  please , our leader had no thrones . 
  but for the cousin part , yeah ... 
  that 's historically false . 
  p\u00e9tain ordered the jews to be deported before hitler even asked him . 
  he hoped it would get him some favours ( it did n't ) and he was ready to sacrifice them before the rest of france . 
  when he was talking about a 75 % tax rate , american newspaper talked about him like he was stalin though . 
  yeah , this is what amazes me the most . 
  he was a quite good foreign policy leader but he managed to make absolutely every wrong domestic decisions to piss off everyone . 
  yeah but for the moment we are in a soybean oil in the us . 
  because it is ridiculously cheap and they have to buy it from the producers , americans put soybean oil into everything . 
  the situation is similar in france with milk . 
  i do n't think we should discard milk or subsidies altogether . 
  but we need serious adaptations so that we stop putting milk into absolutely everything to keep alive dependant farmers . 
  milk should be used for cheese , desert and pastries . 
  okay i hear your argument . 
  but i do n't think we should protect all agriculture equally based on that . 
  wheat and corn are strategic . 
  wine is prestigious . 
  milk is overproduced . 
  colza is just a waste of land . 
  we could survive war , even a trade war without milk . 
  my problem with milk in particular is that it is lobby sufficiently powerful to lie to consumers about its health benefits . 
  milk is barely more useful than candy and we should n't base political decision on false claims . 
  i does n't negate my first point , golden star and all that . 
  because you keep in the mind of the general population that the distinction is sufficient to have two different legal status . 
  and because two different legal status can be more easily modified than segregating people under one legal status . 
  i 'm stealing that explanation . 
  it 's so much better that my confused reference to non-citizens in athens . 
  thank you, 
  the name do matter !, 
  it 's like saying the golden star does n't matter . 
  after all it 's just a piece of cloth . 
  but if you feel the need to distinguish them , you open the door to discrimination , even if they are not immediately implemented . 
  it would be like you had voted remain and germany forced an european embargo on china . 
  then a year later you would want a new brexit referendum, 
  at the beginning in 2009 , the crisis was mostly financial . 
  it was mostly banks which were in trouble . 
  but when the banker cough everybody has the flu . 
  even if french banks were mostly alright , by 2011 the rest of the french economy was pretty bad and significantly worse than germany and the uk .
