  now i do n't know . 
  the french brand of communism is universalist . 
  they argue that xenophobia is just a distraction . 
  migrants are the scapegoat that is created by oligarchs like the le pen family so they can continue to get rich thanks to their ties to big corporations and the capitalist class . 
  they repeatedly explain that the national front is full of corrupted millionaires who have never worked a day in their life . 
  yet they are the one fooling the working class by saying the source of misery is the poorest segment of the population instead of the capitalist class . 
  they do n't believe in rhetoric like ` they are stealing our jobs ' because in their ideology the scarcity of work is a capitalist tool to enslave the working class . 
  a communist state would provide jobs from everyone . 
  the national front repeatedly says that there are many people that fraud and illegally get social protection . 
  the comunists answer there can be no fraud because everybody deserve social protection . 
  the conditions are a tool of control for the capitalist class . 
  if macron is working for the capitalist class , i guess he does n't turn workers against one another in their opinion . 
  it 's in marine le pen 's platform . 
  it 's named something like ` national priority ' . 
  you can read the report here : http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/en/country-files/syria/events/article/chemical-attack-in-syria-national-evaluation-presented-by-jean-marc-ayrault, 
  there 's one mit professor that came to that conclusion from watching youtube videos . 
  this report has been confirmed by turkey and the evidence has been collected on site . 
  you can read the report here : http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/en/country-files/syria/events/article/chemical-attack-in-syria-national-evaluation-presented-by-jean-marc-ayrault, 
  the us has never declassified the evidence against hussein and several other intelligence agencies remained skeptical like france . 
  we shall see if the same happen this time . 
  but so far the us seemed to hold assad responsible and turkey has confirmed the french report . 
  the evidence is declassified . 
  you can read the report here : http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/en/country-files/syria/events/article/chemical-attack-in-syria-national-evaluation-presented-by-jean-marc-ayrault, 
  that 's the only thing the report has no evidence on . 
  they do n't know if the order came straight from assad . 
  you can read the report here for yourself : http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/en/country-files/syria/events/article/chemical-attack-in-syria-national-evaluation-presented-by-jean-marc-ayrault, 
  they are not talking about the attack you are talking about , but a smaller one in the north west of syria . 
  you can read the full report here : http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/en/country-files/syria/events/article/chemical-attack-in-syria-national-evaluation-presented-by-jean-marc-ayrault, 
  http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/en/country-files/syria/events/article/chemical-attack-in-syria-national-evaluation-presented-by-jean-marc-ayrault this is the report with the evidence . 
  that looks pretty solid to me . 
  http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/en/country-files/syria/events/article/chemical-attack-in-syria-national-evaluation-presented-by-jean-marc-ayrault you can see if you are satisfied by the evidence for yourself . 
  http://i.huffpost.com/gadgets/slideshows/423740/slide_423740_5447438_free.jpg this is the machinery necessary to produce sarin gas . 
  it is very unlikely that syrian rebels build such an infrastructure . 
  the photo is the aum aum shinrikyo 's chemical weapon plant that made sarin gas for a terrorist attack in japan . 
  communists are also internationalists that are disgusted by xenophobic measures like foreigners should n't get public jobs . 
  now i wonder if the demographic of primary trump voters ressembles more the one of le pen . 
  did the elderly vote for cruz ? 
  i really do n't see the point . 
  america works well with california and wyoming . 
  india works well with sikkim and uttar pradesh . 
  why would europe be dysfunctional with malta and germany ? 
  i guess probably not . 
  they barely speak the language anymore and the original population is a minority there because of huge migrations in the 20th century . 
  if you look at a successful federation of nations , india . 
  you 'll see that it is better to have an outsider lingua franca to avoid domestic imperialism . 
  russification is one of the main reasons the ussr failed . 
  english is not detrimental to the sense of indian nationality . 
  english is the only option for europe . 
  how many dutch-turk abstained because they do n't care about turkey now that they are integrated to the netherlands ? 
  mental traits can be inherited . 
  intelligence is n't a single mental trait though and is hard to define on one hand . 
  on the other hand , there is no evidence that there is overall disparities in mental traits that can be explained by race better than socio-economic class . 
  you 're also good at moving the goal post every time i answer . 
  you 're also in a very passive stance where you show what you mean after i waste my time explaining to you something you 'll never agree with . 
  your concern trolling is getting sloppy . 
  there are so many problems with these studies i do n't know where to begin . 
  iq has been wildly refuted as a bad measurement for intelligence for adults . 
  iq is not well correlated to success in life . 
  the minnesota study has no control group with non-adopted with black parents which makes me think that the only reasonable conclusion you can make so far is simply that adopted children perform worse than non-adopted . 
  the minnesota study also does not specify if they accounted for socio-economical inequalities . 
  there are many people refuting the claim you make that are much smarter than me but apparently you did n't look for them . 
  you are not presenting a scientific consensus . 
  sociology is subject to a lot more interpretations . 
  you chose the one that comfort your beliefs . 
  i 'm sure this is a nice side-effect for ukrainians, 
   intelligence is hereditary . 
  we can stop right here . 
  i do n't think we are going to be able to have any meaningful conversation if you base your worldview on this belief . 
  what is birthrate doing here ? 
  is your tax status inherited ? 
  and we can imagine people that pays no taxes coming in in large amount all you want . 
  but we do n't have that kind of significant legal immigration . 
  this is the reason why we have immigration policies , to prevent this problem . 
  it was a bad attempt at sarcasm . 
  i meant that regardless of the angle , that does n't make any difference for the victims . 
  that 's a very small relief . 
  i would be curious to know the proportion of terrorist attacks that have ever been stopped by armed civilians . 
  and then i would be curious to know how many panicked armed civilians were shot by the police ( this happens often in the us ) . 
  some people are dead within seconds , but there was nothing to do for them . 
  terrorists are trained and they have the advantage of surprise . 
  why should they be able to carry if they are prohibited from using though ? 
  the police was always there within minutes . 
  more guns would never have helped for anything . 
  guns in europe are not for self-defense . 
  they are a hobby . 
  i can speak for france . 
  nobody is after switzerland either . 
  i do n't understand why a french person who never paid taxes is inherently better than a foreigner who never paid taxes . 
  hey i 've never claimed to be . 
  statistics regarding ethnicities have been banned since they have been used to round up jews during world war 2 . 
  i can not say anything meaningful but there is indeed higher unemployment for french people of north african descent . 
  the blame is often attributed to bad urban planning in the 70 's which created the banlieues . 
  many workers used to live in slums since the war . 
  the slums have been increasingly populated with migrants until the 70 's where there were massively relocated to the banlieues . 
  the problem was that few jobs were close to these residential areas and we kept them isolated for decades . 
  they have a harder time being integrated as long as they live there . 
  the rest of the north african population is much more integrated and they go to the university and all . 
  recently , the problem got worse because local police was basically destroyed and some foreign islamist organizations gained traction in the banlieues . 
  some cities have decided to destroy the banlieues and disperse the population to integrate them closer to the city . 
  it is a long and costly process .
