  i did n't bring up my sexuality when i talked about your statement that people should worry about the environment when they have kids . 
  yet you can seem to be able to see past that . 
  i 'm not offended because of my sexuality . 
  i 'm offended because someone who knows nothing about me has apparently an opinion about my responsibility in a decision as personal as having kids . 
  i should accept sharia law maybe . 
  throw myself off a building to please my muslim overlord . 
  that would probably be the responsible thing to do in your world view . 
  yeah that title is garbage . 
  and if you broaden the definition a tiny bit , you find that there were and still are many prisons specifically for sexual deviants around the world where many homosexuals and transgender people are locked up . 
  they might not endure torture but that 's just one step better . 
  or you might consider gay conversion camps . 
  there is torture there . 
  but it 's enforced by families and not by the state so it does n't perfectly fit the idea of concentration camp . 
  even regarding hitler 's concentration camps . 
  homosexuals were the only one not to be freed after the war . 
  so it 's not like hitler was the only responsible for the first concentration camp . 
  it 's bound to hurt the others . 
  you ca n't argue that cheap eastern european labour is hurting the french industry and then say that the eastern european economy wo n't be hurt by less free trade . 
  what you can argue is that where liberals think france benefits from free-trade as well , m\u00e9lenchon believes we are hurt by it . 
  fair enough, 
  are you telling me there was less fiscal evasion before the treaty of maastricht when such barriers existed ? 
  i would be surprised . 
  maybe there 's a case to be made that leaving the eu would n't solve the fact that a part of our economy is siphoned by tax heavens . 
  every time that our democratic system looks terrible , it 's good to know there is always someone who is doing worse . 
  but that was under the assumption that we would continue to have two major parties . 
  i really do n't know how all this will turn out this year . 
  this is probably the first truly pluralistic campaign in the vth republic . 
  mitterand and chirac 's stability is just an illusion . 
  both of them had to rule with a cabinet from the opposition for some time . 
  chirac have been mitterand 's prime minister . 
  it seems the amendment to the constitution that synchronized the presidency and legislative elections changed that . 
  now the presidency changes as often as the parliament . 
  no , he 's talking about the ecj . 
  the echr is not controversial in france i believe . 
  among gay people , macron polls way better than le pen . 
  even if le pen gathers a surprising amount of vote considering her stance on gay issues . 
  he 's not anti-eu . 
  but he wants the bank of france to print euros against what the ecb wants and he does n't want to obey the european court 's rulings . 
  this two decisions will probably effectively end our membership to the eu . 
  i would argue that if persia and mongolia are considered to have been within a sphere of influence , siam was pretty much within the british sphere of influence at some point . 
  i ca n't stop thinking about your comment . 
  i 'm going to try to remain polite . 
  because i feel this is the most hateful thing someone has ever said to me . 
  who are you to judge me for wanting a child regardless of the conditions ? 
  i 'm not even offended that you believe muslims have any kind of political power anymore . 
  do you really believe that anyone should worry about what other people might think before they found a family ? 
  he wants to save it by an ultimatum that is guaranteed to destroy the eu . 
  he is unable to step back from his position and he needs to know when he is the minority in the eu . 
  most leaders are liberal . 
  if he wants to impose social policies by threat , he is not going to get anything . 
  he 's completely right . 
  i 'm gay and i work near one of those so-called ghetto . 
  it really is n't the apocalypse . 
  i 'd much rather wish to be able to adopt a child one day . 
  as usual . 
  this one is famous as a cautionnary tale of what not to do for every other historical restorations throughout the world . 
  this one probably should n't be restored in its original state . 
  but i sure hope no other painting is mindlessly destroyed like this . 
  yeah it is treatable . 
  first you can consult a therapist . 
  he might forward you to psychiatrist who may prescribe you some drug if you need to . 
  if you feel you need help , there are many resources available . 
  i recognize it can be hard to overcome the stigma associated with therapy at first . 
  but all of this should be a better perspective than assisted euthanasia . 
  there 's no point discussing with you . 
  i compared leningrad to the fact that the soviets prevented talinn growing toward the sea . 
  however , leningrad was already on the seaside during the soviet era . 
  so in order for the soviets to obtain the same outcome in leningrad ( which you seemed to expect in order to acknowledge that the soviets prevented talinn from growing toward the sea ) , they would have needed to depopulate leningrad . 
  i know i 'm feeding a concern troll who purposefully misinterpret everything that is said here while dodging any question . 
  but there is still that little hope that they will finally snap and answer the questions . 
  so now what is your point ? 
  estonia is obviously lying and victimizing itself because leningrad 's port has not been depopulated just like the one in talinn ? 
  are you refusing to understand the spirit of what he said because it is not technically true that the soviet union prevented * anyone anywhere * to live on the seaside ? 
  is it reasonable to think that your pedantic insistence that there are coastal cities in russia is an attempt to negate the soviet responsibility in the strange urban planning of talinn ? 
  it was in kaliningrad , in a place close to international borders , just like he pointed out . 
  i may not have been clear enough . 
  russians feared estonians could flee to finland . 
  because many people are mentally ill when they want to end their life and they do n't want to once they receive proper treatment . 
  i would n't want my bipolar friend to end his life because his illness tricked him into thinking he did n't want to live anymore . 
  yeah that worries me . 
  many people ca n't trust their brain when they want to end their life . 
  a chemical imbalance and they want to end everything . 
  once they get better , they regret wanting to end it . 
  i do n't know how legal euthanasia can handle this kind of decision . 
  i guess the soviets feared estonians could flee to finland . 
  this is the point of legalization . 
  decriminalization only adresses prison crowding and the lack of police resources . 
  i 'm not satisfied by this . 
  it might actually encourage shady dealing . 
  taking away the profit from criminal organizations is the main reason i support legalization . 
  but i 'm not sure what m\u00e9lenchon and hamon actually stand for . 
  gaddafi 's libya was probably going down the road of assad 's syria . 
  it was stable for a time but the civil war had begun . 
  without western intervention it might have been far worse than it is now imo . 
  well iirc , they want to decriminalize , not legalize . 
  it would mean that it would still be difficult to grow or sell marijuana . 
  even the left is not that progressive on the issue . 
  canada is not that far from europe , svalbard is just next door !, 
  and french guiana is already both in america and in the eu . 
  join us pretty please !,
