   ukraine was promised a lot of investment money if the eu treaty was signed . 
  which would go to the corrupt government and other oligarchs ...  if that went without russian intervention there would be a great boost in the economy . 
  you 're brainwashed m8 . 
   you should check statistics about how many of them actually identified as russians . 
  also that does n't make the territory russian . 
  by same logic soon germany should be part of turkey , because of of the turkish population here . 
  i did n't say donbass should be a part of russia . 
  but if it wants that , then it 's fair game . 
   losing is not `` mortal danger '' . 
  the signed treaty confirmed his presidency actually . 
  he knew he was going to be prosecuted anyway for giving orders to snipers to shoot at unarmed people . 
  yanukowytch was way out of his line with that and yes , that 's probably why he fled . 
  the thing is , the maidan protesters felt like he should have made the eu deal and were not going to step down . 
  they denied legitimacy of their president 's decision . 
  why ca n't russians from the east do it ? 
   those that were attacking the people and killing them in acts of self defence . 
  while in donetsk separatists stormed police buildings murdering left and right . 
  you ca n't compare the two [ citation needed ] doneck separatism started as protests and seizing government buildings . 
  not killing . 
   and ? 
  nobody had a problem with those protests until they turned violent . 
  protests are perfectly leegal in ukraine , they could have protested as long as they liked . 
  same can be said about maidan . 
   wtf ? 
  storming a police station and throwing them out the window of the 3rd floor is not a `` subjective opinion on terrorism '' what gives separatism movements legitimacy ? 
  were the americans fighting the british monarchy terrorists ? 
  depends on your point of view i guess . 
   what do you mean by `` broken '' ? 
  it was functioning perfectly until they started annexing parts of the territory . 
  financially broken . 
  you can put `` ukraine '' and `` functioning perfectly '' in one sentence only as a joke . 
   the reason ukraine has problems with economy now is because so much money goes to the army and the investors are cashing out in fear of war . 
  if russia did n't atack ukraine would be blossoming right now just like it was blossoming before 2014 , right ? 
  why would russia want to occupy a broken country ? 
  donbass had industry and russian majority . 
  do you actually believe they would want to take the entire ukraine ? 
   there are no russians on the east side , those people are still ukrainians . 
  just as french-speaking canadians are not french . 
  are you serious ? 
  they identify as russians , so they 're russians . 
  does n't matter where they live . 
  is estonia 100 % estonian , because all those russian actually are n't russians ? 
   the president was n't `` overthrown '' , he fled himself the day after signing a treaty , nobody was expecting that actually . 
  he fled because he felt like he was losing . 
  i 'd say he was overthrown , but w/e . 
   nobody had him on a gunpoint . 
  the protesters in kiev did n't use guns against the police and actually did n't kill people at all . 
  some policemen died , others were injured . 
  btw the war in donbass was n't a war from the day 1 , it started as protests as well . 
   that 's why the `` overthrowing '' was a result of a half a year long peaceful strike . 
  it started out as peaceful . 
  then they started to burn things , throw other things at police etc. 
   while in the eastern part everything happened in like a week with much violence and is easily qualified as terrorism you can qualify as terrorism everything you do n't like . 
   no , of course not . 
  ukrainians want war in their country and absolute economical collapse . 
  ukrainians want a lot of things . 
  and they 're being extremely unrealistic at that . 
  they will never get donbass back . 
  they can waste young people 's lives all they want , this piece of land is not coming back to them . 
  ukraine should have cut their losses long ago , but instead they continue this fool 's quest screaming for money and support . 
  poroshenko does n't care about ukraine , he cares only about money and power . 
  ukrainians overthrow pro-russia president - they 're allowed to do it , he was a piece of shit , ukraine should build decide its future itself , without russian influence russians on the east want to secede from the rest of the country - they 're bandits , murderers and putin 's goons !!!, 
   the ceasefire was only advanced by putin because his supply line to the rebels was not strong enough to support the casualty rate of the rebels [ citation needed ] last i checked it was the ukrainians that were getting btfo in debaltseve . 
  is this a troll article ? 
   being delusional is not an insult . 
  simply means you need to research what you are talking about . 
  that 's not what delusional means . 
   in any case if you were capable of a response with any merit at all you would have chosen that over what a person with nothing left to say would say to back out of conversation why would you think that ? 
  maybe i do n't want to waste my time writing walls of text for some retard on / r/europe ? 
  you probably checked my posting history anyway , so you know i did it recently and i regretted it . 
   where they are clearly wrong on the subject . 
  wrong on the subject in your opinion . 
  which i do n't care about at all . 
   wow a comeback insult instead of a reply of any merit . 
  is that coming from the `` you are delusional on both accounts '' guy ? 
   you are delusional on both accounts . 
  first one world government is inevitable at some point it will happen may be before or after we settle other planets but it will happen you have to be blind not to see it . 
  sorry , i stopped reading there . 
  `` i 'm right and you have to be blind and delusional not to see it '' . 
  go back to kindergarten . 
  one world government wo n't happen , unless there will be other world governed by someone else . 
  one big empire with no counterbalance = fail . 
  as for europe . 
  trying to pass any bills taking away from countries independence would require tremendous amounts of support from politicians and the public . 
  that 's absolutely not going to happen . 
   united states of europe do you actually believe that this will ever happen ? 
  leftists at it again, 
  talk about spreading misinformation ... 
  poland would only agree on some symbolic number of refugees , like 200 or something . 
  there 's absolutely no way any agreement will be reached . 
  that 's right . 
  it 's pure charity . 
  you should n't do charity when you do n't have money you can spare . 
  stop linking this fucking article, 
   i 'm certainly not saying the poles could have prevented the holocaust even if they wanted too . 
  i 'm just illustrating the fact that poland has no excuse to hide behind the occupation for it 's injustices against the jews . 
  muh imaginary injustice poland has been a 10x better place to live for jews than any other country for like 500 years . 
   back to the point of my initial argument , mattel simplified and generalized a situation by calling it nazi poland , i do n't believe they had intentions of declaring that the poles were part of the nazis . 
  the game card is about schindler 's list , just detailing a blurb about the events of the movie . 
  the video declaring this oversight on mattel 's part as an implication is bullshit .
