  now look at us , we improved and left the religious fanaticism . 
  why should n't they be able ? 
  they had a thousand years and have n't managed to do that . 
  it 's 2015 and all they have is tribal , religion based cultures . 
   not all of europe . 
  but you still did n't answer the question , should we also have ignored them ? 
  pretty much all of europe . 
  unless you think spain or sweden could have somehow saved the armenians . 
  your question makes no sense . 
  europe was n't in position to help armenians in any way . 
  besides , half of it was at war with the country perpetrating the genocide anyway . 
   tell that to the millions that have already died and the 10 's of millions on the run . 
  what did i say about emotions ? 
  btw nice exaggerating . 
   also just because it was n't done by a country does n't make it less of a problem ... 
  i did n't say it 's not a problem . 
  i said it 's not even close to what 's happening in africa now . 
  you have serious reading comprehension problems . 
  you might as well say there 's a holocaust happening in africa right now . 
   that was n't a reference to the africans . 
  you called the poles `` refugees '' , but by your definition should n't they be `` economic migrants '' ? 
  they were fleeing war , just as the africans are doing now . 
  nice strawman  i 'm sorry , that 's still not quite clear to me . 
  how many polish refugees there were in general because of ww2 ? 
  your population were n't as big as africa 's is now , so it ca n't really be compared . 
  of course it can be compared . 
  ever heard of something called `` percents '' ? 
   there were refugees , so of course they had to flee . 
  it 's in the definition of the name . 
  my initial argument was that it 's impossible to tell who 's a refugee and who is n't ...  and it was event out of their control that forced them to do that . 
  one of them was for example our bombings of one of the more stable countries ( libya ) , which housed them before . 
  libya is mostly a transit country . 
  boats embark from there , because it 's a lawless shithole , gaddafi was n't allowing that when he was alive . 
  btw bombing libya was kinda out of my control too . 
  you 're not getting any guilt from me . 
   they now have hardly any choices left and one of them is take the chance to go to europe . 
  they have plenty of choices , they can go to other african union or arab league countries . 
   i 'm not , i 'm simply stating that , that is the stereotype . 
  if it were only university students leaving , then the stereotype probably would be different . 
  a stereotypical immigrant from africa does n't work , lives on welfare , does crime and has 15 kinds . 
  the stereotype would be different if it was n't the case , right ? 
   first of all , we did n't split yugoslavia , it split itself . 
  and what do you think gives a new country legitimacy ? 
  hint : other countries recognition . 
   second , genocides also happen in africa ( remember rwanda ? ), 
  yes , i remember . 
  but i do n't seem to remember thousands of refugees from rwanda in europe . 
  right , that 's because they were fleeing to surrounding countries instead . 
  i guess they were n't desperate enought to try europe . 
   but right now it 's massacres of `` unbelievers '' . 
  are you implying that just because it is n't genocides then we should n't help the refugees ? 
  how is it going to make the situation better ? 
  you can burden europe with a couple million refugees if you want , you wo n't be making any difference . 
  millions will still live under isis or whatever extremist group in the future . 
  you will only encourage more and more people to come here , at what point do you say `` enough '' ? 
  when the situation in aftica and middle east gets better ? 
  well surprise : it will never get better , not in a thousand years . 
  is it not still relevant to the discussion at hand ? 
  armenian genocide was thousands of kilometers away and happened during ww1 , when europe had its own problems . 
  and it was an actual genocide carried over by an actual country , not even close to what 's happening in africa now . 
   did you mean to write `` economic migrants '' ? 
  yes i did . 
  do you think an actual refugee from africa would have a couple hundred euros to pay the smugglers ? 
   also we had none , since we were occupied . 
  however , does your country have any african refugees ? 
  i did n't mean `` you '' , as in `` denmark '' . 
  i meant `` how many polish refugees did you have in ww2 ? '', 
   so the people from africa were n't forced out of their homes ? 
  they did n't have to flee from armies ? 
  they are being displaced as well , just not by a central government ... 
  i do n't know if they had to flee or not . 
  i know that no one forced them to get on a boat and illegally enter eu . 
  btw . 
  what armies ? 
  do you understand political situation in africa and middle east , or is it more like `` whatever , someone probably wanted to kill them '' ? 
   yea , that 's why the stereotype of a pole is working as a handyman . 
  lol . 
  are you implying a stereotype is true ? 
  is this a joke ? 
   do n't act like it 's `` just '' a braindrain . 
  it 's not , obviously . 
  but brain drain hurts more than uneducated people leaving . 
   people without university degrees from your country are far more prevalent than the ones with . 
  they also send money back home to poland . 
  if that 's not economic migration , then i do n't know what is . 
  where did i say it 's not ? 
  my point is that economical migration fucks over the country people emigrate from . 
  that 's true for africa as well . 
   let me ask you this . 
  should we also have ignored the people fleeing from the balkan wars ? 
  balkan wars had actual genocides happening inside europe . 
  so what did europe do ? 
  cleaned up the mess , split yugoslavia and people either returned to their homes or settled in somewhere else in their respective countries . 
  how is this even remotely similar to current situation ? 
   what about those from the armenian genocide ? 
  were they also `` economic migrants '' ? 
  did you bring this up only because of recent news ? 
  i think you did . 
  what exactly are you talking about ? 
  how many polish refugees did you have in ww2 ?
