  why ? 
  retards like you are going to see the card and think poland was nazi . 
   chances are no one was living in the houses they returned to , especially from the cities , they were decimated during the attacks and counter attacks as the russians made their way back through . 
  extremely low chances . 
  any house not fucked by bombs was very valuable . 
   i do n't pretend to know what a polish farmer knew what was going on , i do n't pretend that most people knew was going on ; however , a large population being rounded up concentrated in ghettos and then moved away `` to some far off place '' is a little suspect . 
  no one would think someone can just decide to kill off an ethnic group like that . 
  it has never happened before , forced relocation seemed much more plausible . 
   try harder at what ? 
  at your baiting . 
  i did n't `` prove a point of the antisemitic climate of europe and the rest of the world at that time . '', 
   do you want me to prove to you that no one like the jews and wanted them around . 
  where did i say anyone liked the jews in poland or any other place in the world ? 
  aversion is something quite different from industrial killing . 
   people still do n't want them around . 
  arabs mostly . 
   the issue is that no one is willing to accept them as human beings . 
  funny part is , they have been around the longest.the belief in a single god and the hebrew faith have existed since the ancient egyptians . 
  today 's judaism is completely different from that . 
   blame the allies ? 
  the allies knew only rumors about what was happening . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_karski they had detailed reports . 
   they believed the only way to stop hitler was to win the war . 
  bombing missions cost enough lives just getting to the cities where factories were . 
  i 'm not saying that we can shirk responsibility , just thing about the resources at the time what could they do ? 
  bomb the fucking tracks . 
  it was the only way to quickly get people into the death camps . 
  poland is guilty , but allies ? 
  what could they have done with so few resources ? 
   as far as mentioning jewish support ( ... ) jews were an ethnic group just like any other , many people with different political views . 
  i was just saying that a lot animosity towards jews happened , because so many bolsheviks were jewish . 
   bottom line is blaming people for the holocaust is getting us no where . 
  blaming others is what causes situations that end up in terrible events like the holocaust . 
  we all need to stop blaming others for our problems . 
  so why did you write your first post in this thread ? 
  that was blaming . 
   keilce 1918 happened according to one dude who might have been pushing an agenda . 
   lwow ( lemberg ) 1918 happened in a besieged city during war . 
  not a good example of `` many pogroms agains jews '' . 
   regardless , if you were forced out of your home and neighborhood and effectively enslaved for years , after you were freed and the truth of what happened came out do you really think an average polish farmer knew anything ? 
   would n't you have a reasonable expectation that you would be welcome to return where you came from if someone else is already living in that house and you do n't have any way to prove that it 's actually yours ? 
   only around 200,000 jews returned after the war in a population of around 20 million . 
  what ? 
  as in , 20 million jews ? 
   the jewish population prior to the holocaust was representative of ~ 10 % of the population . 
  they returned less than 1 % . 
  you 're telling me that those few people disrupted the remaining populations everyday lives enough to warrant hostility ? 
  prove there was a hostility . 
  and i 'm not talking about two isolated incidents . 
   as for `` providing data to back it up '' pick up some books and read . 
  i suggest `` neighbors '' [ 2 ] and `` fear '' [ 3 ] both written by jan t. gross a polish born historian and sociologist . 
  gross is a hack who liked writing controversial books and manipulating facts . 
   well now we all know that you 've also proved a point of the antisemitic climate of europe and the rest of the world at that time . 
  try harder . 
   `` antisemitism '' is a buzzword , just as `` terrorism '' , and all the other ... `` isms '' of the world . 
  unfortunately , these labels are how people communicate and comprehend the nature of the subject matter . 
  as for poland 's assistance in the holocaust , complacency sometimes may as well be compliance . 
  are you implying that poland could have done anything to prevent holocaust ? 
  if you do , you should stop posting on reddit and rethink your life . 
  blame the allies . 
  they did n't even bother to bomb train tracks leading to death camps . 
   look i 'm taking the easy way out on this one . 
  it is a fact that the jewish population widely supported the polish republic and earned rank within it 's military during it 's fight for poland 's independence . 
  sure there are some who speak out against it . 
  it was a time of turmoil in the land they lived in they widely supported independence and they widely did n't . 
   bottom line is you need to brush up on your history . 
  bottom line is you need to start blaming people actually responsible for holocaust . 
  he said `` before the invasion by the reich '' , kielce was 1946 . 
   poland has had many pogroms against jews long before the invasion by the reich . 
  name one  even after the war , after the world enlightenment of auschwitz . 
  many returning jews faced brutal attacks . 
  because someone else lived on the properties they were returning to . 
  you 're surprised that caused hostility ? 
  btw . 
  if you 're claiming `` many jews faced brutal attacks '' , you 're gon na have to provide data to back it up . 
   many ended up fleeing poland after returning . 
  where did they go ? 
  back to germany where suddenly the people embraced them far more compassionately . 
  now i know you 're just stupid . 
  they went to israel ...  my point being , the polish government did n't encourage rebellion to help the jews , they did it ; i do n't even know what that means . 
  are you sure you 're american ? 
  you ca n't english . 
   i 'm not saying that `` nazi poland '' is the right term of phrase , i 'm just pointing out that poland has little defense against it 's action and involvement in antisemitism antisemitism is just a buzzword retards throw around . 
  did poland do holocaust ? 
   even when a large majority of the jews supported its independence during wwi . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  do you know why some people call communism a jewish invention ? 
  because it was popular among jews , and independent poland had no place in communist world . 
  pi\u0142sudski 's plan of creating a strong anti-russian alliance with lithuania , ukraine etc failed , so they just went on some quick land grabs and called it a day . 
  nice try gypsy, 
   so that 's why there are 20 million poles living outside poland ? 
  more like people of polish descent . 
  emigration happened a lot , but it was mostly before ww2 . 
   so the jews do n't count ? 
  were n't they poles as well ? 
  not really . 
  they spoke polish , but they had their own ethnic identity . 
   you asked for a comparison between africa and poland and that 's what you got . 
  pretty bad comparison , but whatever . 
   you have no idea of what overrun means ...
