  they suspended dublin protocol . 
  that does n't apply only to syrians , it does to everybody . 
   i hate this sentiment . 
  it 's the purest of horse shit . 
  how many refugees do you think it would take to drastically change a country of 80 million people ? 
  not that many actually . 
  you take two million who has three times as many children as the native population and the country looks kinda different after 50 years . 
   and even if it did change it , why do you think it would change it for the worse ? 
  are you serious ? 
  do you really think replacing native germans with third worlders is okay ? 
   people are actually being deported . 
  not anymore they do n't . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-opens-its-gates-berlin-says-all-syrian-asylumseekers-are-welcome-to-remain-as-britain-is-urged-to-make-a-similar-statement-10470062.html germany is as open to immigration as it gets . 
   the 800,000 is an estimate . 
  there is no way to accurately predict this . 
  it could be a lot less . 
  they did increase the estimate recently . 
  it was supposed to be 2 times less iirc . 
   this is an expectation and it is not the same kind of people . 
  the number of syrians is somewhere around 40k by now ( this year ) , it will rise to 150k maximum . 
  of these 800,000 people , a large share ( about a third ) comes from kosovo and albania , people that are accepted for asylum at a rate below 0.5 percent . 
  you 're gon na have to back up this claim with something . 
   if i am not mistaken , the general acceptance rate of asylum applications is somewhere between 30 and 40 % , meaning that we will not have 800,000 people ` added ' to our country . 
  that 's only for asylum applications from outside the country . 
  once a `` refugee '' made it to the german soil and applied for asylum there , he can not and will not be deported . 
  the 800 000 is the number of people who actually make it to germany . 
   i have my doubts that these conflicts will last for thirty years . 
  what conflicts ? 
  as in , african and middle eastern conflicts ? 
  if that 's what you meant , then you 're really naive . 
   and for your claim : the people from 30 years ago wouldnt recognize todays germany either . 
  of course they would n't !, 
  the damage is already done . 
   jordan , lebanon and turkey are reaching the limits of capacity for syrian refugees . 
  25 % of lebanons population are refugees nowadays yes . 
  and you know what ? 
  lebanon is in civil war right now because of that . 
  settling those refugees in europe is a dumb idea . 
   it 's just a shame that ukraine has to resort to employing these `` nazi '' thugs as paramilitars they do n't have to . 
  they have a conscription anyway . 
  populism is the name you give to actions aimed to appease general population , not a `` noisy minority '' . 
  what a childish and pointless comment . 
    some ukrainians are praising bandera now  some poles are now praising those of your historical figures who were leading state-sponsored policies to forcefully assimilate ethnic minorities . 
  forcefully assimilate an ethnic minority ! = kill off ethnic minority bandera supported one of these two solutions . 
  can you guess which one ? 
   do i ? 
  all i want to say - if you have a centuries-long state-sponsored policy to oppress a minority , you should expect a backlash when your state fails . 
  poor ukrainians , getting oppressed while their cousins on the soviet side were dying of starvation . 
  citation needed, 
  proving that someone fought for isis is much more difficult than you think . 
   volunteering to fight russian propaganda by posting ukrainian propaganda awesome, 
  pretty much any nation in europe can . 
  even finland and iceland manage to produce food . 
  food trade exists . 
  we export apples and import pineapples . 
  that 's fine . 
  what 's not fine is importing large amounts of crops ( `` breadbasket of europe '' kind of large ) that poland can produce itself . 
  doing it just because it 's cheaper is irresponsible . 
  who cares about monaco ? 
  it 's just a random french puppet state . 
  france has a lot of farmland . 
  this is one of the most retarded `` accept ukraine '' arguments i 've ever seen . 
  every country should be self sustainable when it comes to food . 
  no one 's going to import ukrainian crops en masse and no one needs it . 
   a spy gets outspied this kind of stuff happens frequently in every country , only in this case bringing attention to it was politically profitable . 
  that 's brave, 
  stalin did n't care about genocide . 
  he gave that territory to poland to weaken germany , and to justify annexation of eastern poland . 
  that 's one of the most important census questions ... 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that ... 
   article from 6 years ago, 
   again , dude , i could insert any sort of prejudice here and the statement would be just as valid everyone 's entitled to their own opinions . 
  well , that changes everything . 
  everybody knows that racism ca n't exist when people are equal by law . 
  stupid me . 
  so how are we oppressing those poor gypsies ? 
  i 'm really curious . 
   yes . 
  any counterexamples ? 
  okay , now i know what kind of person you are . 
  i 'm not going to waste any more of my time on you . 
  no proof ? 
  i bet you downvoted and laughed at russians saying `` no proof of invasion '' . 
   and that 's what you 're doing . 
  now my fault roma culture is built around thievery and begging . 
   ... are you even fucking aware that this could be said for almost any oppressed group in history . 
  please explain to me how are the gypsies oppressed ? 
  they have exactly the same rights other citizens in their countries do , yet somehow i only see their children begging on the streets . 
   seriously , this is the fucking thing i just do n't get about reactionaries , conservatives , right wingers . 
  at every single point in history , they failed . 
  failed in what ? 
  there have been quite a lot of conservative governments in europe , are you saying they all `` failed '' ? 
   and yet , again and again you seem to believe that this time , it will work out . 
  this time , your prejudice will be justified !, 
  it 's not a prejudice if it 's justified . 
   it did n't work out for the jews , the gays , the blacks , the women , the french , but oh , i 'm telling you , this time it will !, 
  this time , history will be on our side !, 
  whose emotions are you trying to appeal ? 
   it 's the gamblers fallacy , except you 're betting that the ball is due to land on black when every single field is red . 
  did you just read wikipedia article on gambler 's fallacy and wanted to use this term somewhere ?
