being in russian sphere of influence mean shit economy , living conditions and government shooting at its own people . 
  lol imagine your mom seeing that in your history . 
  oh my god you 're so annoying . 
  i also like to capitalize every word, 
   berlusconi ( italian prime minister at the time ) , called angela merkel ( german prime minister ) an ` unfuckable lard-arse ' he 's not wrong you know . 
  not exist , i guess . 
   i bought 5.5 kg of potato for 22 hryivia today . 
  why do n't you have latvian immigration ? 
  that 's a paradise . 
   the us society was built on immigrants . 
  how is that relevant to current economic situation in europe ? 
  btw it was also built on black slaves . 
   more working hands is an opportunity more working hands are cool , but what if there is no work for these hands ? 
   and there 's no shortage of needs of workers like teachers or garbage men . 
  i really should end the discussion here , but i 'll finish this post ( only one , i wo n't waste more of my time on you ) . 
  do you really think a random refugee from africa can work as a teacher ? 
  yes , the number of needed garbage collectors is finite . 
  if it was n't , there would be no unemployment in europe , because everyone could always go to work as a fucking garbage man . 
   watch how much garbage collection costs a single street number . 
  generally about half . 
  a. million . 
  year i do n't live in london , so i do n't know . 
  i pay the equivalent of 100 pounds . 
   and you 're too stupid to see that the issue is n't `` the lack of jobs '' or `` not enough cash in the society '' but a few robber barrons pitting people against each others to distract everyone from their own largescale theft oh christ . 
  so the illuminati are at fault again !, 
  i should have known . 
  give me a break . 
   banks and large corps are getting tens of trillions in bailouts and get away with the entire cruise ship . 
  if the banks did n't get bailouts , you 'd have the great depression multiplied by 100 . 
   you know where that `` foreigners are thiefs '' mentality come from ? 
  it was created from scratch by medieval barons to prevent peasant revolt by pitting them against others you know where that dumb communist mentality of yours come from ? 
  albert einstein wrote about it in the all time bestseller , `` holy bible '' . 
  what the fuck do you even mean ? 
  did i say all foreigners are murderers ? 
  no , i said that there are no jobs for illegal immigrants from africa . 
  maybe they 're honest , hardworking people , i do n't know . 
  but no country can withstand a constant influx of garbage collectors , janitors and construction workers . 
  1 $ per year ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm not talking about rescue operation costs , i 'm talking about the cost of letting those refugees into eu . 
  they will either live on welfare , begging or crime . 
  that 's the sad truth . 
  99 % of them has no education and no practical skills . 
  unless you want to `` rescue '' them and then send them back into africa . 
  that 's an option i guess , but it 's better to just seal the borders . 
  rescue operations mean more boats filled with people , some of which will sink anyway . 
  it 's their choice . 
  italy has no obligation to rescue those people . 
  it 's retarded to fund those operations just because they 're `` humanitarian '' . 
  europe ca n't afford to take in thousands of people with zero skills . 
   forward-thinking europe you mean the `` let 's invite 50 million arabs and blacks to live on our welfare '' thinking europe ? 
  no party ever does . 
  elections are considered `` won '' when you have like 40 % . 
  nsdap only got a couple more % after those acts of terror . 
  they had 33 and 37 % in two previous elections . 
  that was several years after publication of mein kampf . 
  please stop whitewashing . 
  russia broke it obviously , but he said `` european neighbors '' . 
  who left them ? 
  they did n't have any military alliances . 
  you ca n't look sympathetic when you 're fsb agent . 
   `` all germans/whole german society are responsible for ww2 and the holocaust etc '' they are . 
  nazis were actually elected into power . 
  not with that attitude . 
  you 're so pretentious . 
  we eat beef raw here . 
  it feels so manly , we do n't even regret those parasites . 
  it 's delicious !, 
  just like any vodka lol . 
  and then all the leaves fall off , clouds block most sunlight , and it starts raining all the time . 
  they 'll probably convict him of espinage and then quietly exchange for caught russian spies . 
  russians from kaliningrad love to buy stuff in ikea in gda\u0144sk . 
  like , they 're 50 % or all customers . 
  every day . 
  one time , when i went to shop to buy beef , they said they do n't have any , because russians bought it all . 
  wtf . 
  we 'll think about it , when we get kresy back . 
  two russian spies were recently arrested in poland , a couple of diplomats are also going to be kicked out . 
  are you from quebec or something ? 
  not to mention having concentrated ukrainian minority in polish borders is the dumbest thing anyone could come up with . 
  that 's the whole text ? 
  who would pay for that ? 
  most likely not , but america was british long ago , vilnus and lviv were polish only 75 years ago . 
  poles were expelled from those cities by soviets , that does n't help either . 
   then you provide stats for 20 years period out of 600 + years history of the city it 's much more important who lived in that city 75 years ago than who did in 1545 or whatever . 
  who cares if poles lived in gda\u0144sk in 1025 , the city was overwhelmingly german before and during ww2 . 
  wilno was a polish city , whether you like it or not , and everyone who live there now are just descendants of people soviets relocated . 
  lol only people against circumcision ban in this thread are americans and jews . 
  and , coincidentally , all of them are cut . 
  do n't cut your kids without their consent . 
  is this concept really that hard to understand ? 
  you have a severe case of a stick in your rectum . 
  song name ? 
  it 's not popular . 
  lmao comrade merkel will make those quotas a monthly thing . 
   we are already obligated to join eurozone there 's no specified date . 
  we can join eurozone in the year 2525 . 
  literally mind police, 
  it 's just the first link i saw . 
  google `` fsa heart '' yourself .
