  why would you deny the same opportunity to others ? 
  because the times are different ? 
  because the economies are different ? 
  because you are stupid if you think europe should accept as many migrants as usa did in 1900s ? 
  you ca n't have economic boom when your cities get shelled every day . 
  the problem is , the war is bad for both ukraine and donbass . 
  yet it still continues . 
  it amazes me . 
  i must have really hurt your feelings m8 . 
  think for yourself instead of circlejerking around ukraine . 
  i wish you all the best in life . 
   lol , sure . 
  the equipment was russian . 
  how do you imagine they fled from tanks ? 
  climbed out and ran away leaving the tanks to the separatists ? 
  lol they never got into the tanks in the first place . 
  lol . 
   this is amazing . 
  are you paid to write this ? 
  i could ask you the same question . 
   i know there was a post about russia paying trolls like you to post this bs all over the internet . 
  bitch , please . 
  http://europe.newsweek.com/35000-volunteers-sign-ukraines-information-army-first-day-310121  and in that case i just want you to know what a shitty person you are . 
  personal attacks that low usually happen when you 're out of arguments . 
  just a hint . 
   covering russian asses while people are being murdered for some money . 
  it 's funny , because it is exactly what 's happening . 
  war in ukraine is ukrainian oligarchs vs. russian oligarchs . 
  young ukrainians are being conscripted and sent to die in a pointless war so that poroshenko and his people could get more money . 
   perhaps you should turn to prostitution in that case ? 
  still selling yourself , but at least without harming others i 'm not even going to comment on that . 
  i do n't know if you 're 16 or something , but you 're clearly too young to discuss politics on the internet . 
  east ukraine has industry and a population that would either be okay with being a part of russia , or at least not resistant . 
  west ukraine has nothing , except for oun and upa sentiments . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ukrainian_subdivisions_by_gdp_per_capita occupying ukraine would be a tremendous waste of resources . 
   that 's not how it works in any form of international . 
  because people from other parts of the country might have assets there . 
  the country itself has poured money and taxes into building schools and raising military force there . 
  the country has poured money and taxes to build schools and educate people . 
  then those people emigrate somewhere else . 
  what would you do in this situation ? 
  how is it any different ? 
  the taxes ukraine poured in donbass were most likely collected in donbass so it all evens out . 
   you are mixing together parts of timeline . 
  at first the protest was to convince the president to sign the treaty as he promised . 
  then on dec 1 yanukovych ordered people to chase people off the streets by force . 
  a lot got injured , even women were beaten for no reasons . 
  even fleeing people were chased and beaten . 
  that was the time when antipresident campaign started !, 
  also even then people did n't resort too storming police buildings and shooting policemen . 
  because they had no guns . 
  what do you think would they do if they had them ? 
  donbass has a lot of guns even without russian help , not to mention all the brave ukrainian soldiers leaving their equipment behind and fleeing . 
  maidan protests escalated for a lot of reasons , and yanukovych was finished when he ordered to shoot at the protesters . 
  but do n't act like new president as any better . 
  btw people were storming government buildings . 
  how do you think they got into them ? 
  they even broke into yaukovych 's mansion . 
   that is actually what they did . 
  they stood there and protested . 
  you like whitewashing i see . 
   they werent because they started by protesting over taxes and it escalated when no consensus could be reached . 
  in donetsks the whole thing started with murders . 
  how can you not understand the difference ? 
  donetsk also started with protests and escalated when no consensus could be reached . 
  it escalated into shooting people , but so did the american revolution . 
  but for some reason , those people are called `` heroes '' , not terrorists . 
   ask them . 
  what do they gain by waging war in ukraine ? 
  territory ? 
  influence ? 
  resources ? 
   what did they get by annexing crimea ? 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe crimea ? 
   what do they get by harassing civilian air traffic with their bombers ? 
  knowledge of response times for example ? 
   what do they get by sending submarines into sweden/finland oh for fucks sake . 
  and what does any country get by sending submarines , or spies somewhere else ? 
   simulating nuclear strikes on poland ? 
  and what does poland gain by simulating war with russia ? 
  if you judge it by oblasts , then sure . 
  i 'm talking about area currently held by separatists . 
  remember that dpr is only like 40 % of the donetsk oblast . 
  are you one of those people who claim all those people are actually ukrainian , despite speaking russian and supporting russia ? 
   a lot actually . 
  a major part of the entire government has been restuctured , old criminal cases connected to oligarchs have been reopened and lot have been jailed and their stolen assets seized . 
  ukraine invited well known reformators from georgia to fill in executive positions . 
  now i know you 're just a shill . 
   a lot of kremlin mouthpieces say that yes , they would actually take the entire ukraine or at least wreak it into total havoc . 
  why ? 
  what would they gain by this ? 
   even one of the `` pro-russian-separatist-rebel '' youtube channel features a self-propelled howitzer with '' \u041d\u0430 \u041b\u044c\u0432\u043e\u0432 ! '', 
  ( to lviv ) inscribed on it in a lead-up to every video . 
  so what ? 
  they 've also been screaming allahu akbar during fighting . 
   that 's the thing . 
  back then the problem was in the corrupt government . 
  they have a corrupt government now . 
  what 's changed ?
