  there are several million refugees in some african countries . 
  there are 10 million immigrants + refugees in all of europe . 
  not quite the same . 
  that 's just africa . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_europe#2010_data_for_european_union 30 million born in non eu state . 
  and the number is rising . 
   about gabon , ghana and tanzania . 
  do you really think that crossing the sahara has better odds than crossing the mediterranean sea ? 
  seeing how many boats sink , probably . 
  but why do you think they have to cross sahara ? 
  what about nigerians who run away from boko haram , probably the main problem in the region now ? 
  they have cameroon right next to them . 
   on chad and cameroon : if you look here [ 1 ] , you might get a good idea of why chad is a bad choice . 
  did you click on those links ? 
  most of them are `` x was a rebel group active in ... '' . 
   cameroon already have more refugees than most places . 
  it 's set to get about as many refugees from nigeria ( fleeing boko haram ) as sweden accepts in regards to immigrants a year . 
  that 's 90.000 next year from just one country . 
  this is a problem for african union , not european union . 
  why ca n't you understand it ? 
  there are no jobs for this many uneducated people in europe . 
   do you honestly believe that hundreds of million would go here ? 
  since that would be relative to jordan and lebanon . 
  probably not , i doubt there are enough boats . 
  but what about their children ? 
  too high fertility rate , too many people , not enough jobs , rising religious extremism and far right groups support as a response . 
   then what is it ? 
  there are other possible courses of action , it 's not a binary choice . 
  you can rescue them on the sea and then deport back for example . 
   so this was n't a slaughter [ 2 ] ? 
  what should i call it ? 
  and you do n't understand , again . 
  i said `` stop trying to play on emotions '' . 
  why ? 
  because `` having them slaughtered '' is a loaded term , it implies that if we do n't accept all the refugees we 're helping slaughter them . 
  so , can you stop trying to play on emotions ? 
   which i never said and would n't happen in real life either . 
  but since that fits your idea of lazy africans then that is what you would believe . 
  you 're the one that started throwing stereotypes at me . 
   there were n't that many refugees ( most were killed ) . 
  so spain , denmark , norway , sweden , netherlands and switzerland could probably have handled it . 
  and how exactly would you transport refugees to those countries ? 
  remember , armenia was a part of ottoman empire , a country that was at war with half of europe and allied to the other half . 
   apparently that we should be cold heartless people that do n't care about anyone except our own people . 
  that 's how humans work . 
  what do you do , when you turn on the tv and see that 500 africans were massacred ? 
  do you care deeply ? 
  do you pretend you care deeply ? 
  or do you forget about it two days later ? 
   how ? 
  it would help your understanding of the world if you actually bothered to do research on it . 
  really , dude ? 
  you 're making ridiculous claims . 
  10s of millions on the run . 
  sure . 
   in what way ? 
  that i actually bother to read about issues before i debate them ? 
  you simply do n't understand half of what i 'm saying . 
  i do n't know , maybe my english is worse than i think it is , but you act like you read half of each sentence . 
   did n't you just mention exaggerating ? 
  ... ...  and it [ armenian genocide ] was an actual genocide carried over by an actual country , not even close to what 's happening in africa now . 
  -  also just because it was n't done by a country does n't make it less of a problem ... -  i did n't say it 's not a problem . 
  i said it 's not even close to what 's happening in africa now . 
  ( ... ) you might as well say there 's a holocaust happening in africa right now talking to you is a waste of time . 
  do n't bother replying , that 's the end of discussion for me . 
   btw it would be nice if you would provide facts to the debate . 
  it 's been quite one sided so far . 
  and what fact did you provide ? 
  two links to wikipedia with numbers of african and polish migrants . 
  nice numbers , but they can be interpreted in different ways , so did n't really give you any advantage . 
   how 's that a strawman ? 
  you said yourself that the africans were `` economic migrants '' , then why were n't the poles ? 
  i said the only people who you could call polish refugees were relocated by germans and soviets , so you ca n't call them economic migrants . 
  almost all of them came back to poland after the war . 
   ok , according to this [ 1 ] about 500.000 poles left during ww2 out of about 31 million i see 280 000 poles . 
   ( ... ) so ( roughly ) relative to population there were more poles who arrived in other places in europe than africans . 
  you ca n't just take africa as a whole like that . 
  it 's not one big conflict zone . 
   which was my point . 
  you said `` libya housed them before '' . 
  it did n't . 
   not my intention . 
  sure thing m80 . 
   mind naming a few ? 
  preferably some that are n't overrun by refugees already , have serious internal armed conflicts or lack food and water . 
  oh , so it 's okay if europe is overrun by refugees , but if it 's other african country ? 
   that 's because they were sub-saharan . 
  crossing a dessert is n't really an option when you have no food or water . 
  also you do n't think they already try to flee to surrounding countries ? 
  why do n't you have a look at what 's happening in jordan or lebanon now as a result of syria/iraq ( i know that 's not africa , but it 's a fine example ) . 
  look what 's going to be happening in europe as a result of batshit crazy immigration policy . 
   it wo n't but having them slaughtered wo n't either . 
  you really want to make it look like it 's either `` let them in '' or `` let them die '' . 
  it 's not . 
  and stop trying to play on emotions . 
  `` slaughtered '' . 
  please . 
   we should instead help those we can and in the meantime try to improve the situation in africa and the middle east so more wo n't come . 
  `` helping those we can '' does n't necessarily have to be `` let them all live on welfare in europe '' . 
   that 's probably how the muslims felt about us when we went on crusades .
