  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kxxuzwartk say that again, 
   he has an agenda , hence he is paid to have it , is that what you 're saying ? 
  unless you have credible proof , that 's just hearsay and , honestly , something that is spewed over and over again on reddit . 
  i feel sorry for him if it 's a volunteer job . 
   omg , he banned , he must be paid by nazis !, 
  hitler himself has left a bank account to pay this mod !, 
  / s why do you act like a retard ? 
  lmao how can you dumbasses look at that deleted link op provided and not believe this mod has an agenda ? 
  he 's a paid shill , like most other default sub moderators . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'll get banned for posting this , bro . 
   i 'm surely going to get downvoted for this but fuck it . 
  this is one of the main problems with reddit . 
  people often do n't post what they really think , because they 're afraid of losing some points . 
   funny thing for a pole to say . 
  if people get their car stolen they say `` it went to poland '' and polish people are notorious for being petty criminals ... 
  i know that . 
  with shengen , polish thieves like to steal abroad to get more money and reduce the risk of getting caught . 
  your point ? 
  are you implying that i 'm a criminal ? 
   -- at least they were in the past . 
  now they are viewed as great handymen and good employees . 
  ai n't that a funny thing about foreign people , that they are basically like you ? 
  polish people have nothing in common with african or middle eastern `` refugees '' , except maybe biology . 
  so , how are all those second generation muslim immigrants working out for you guys ? 
  because we do n't view them as great handymen , but rather as charlie hebdo shooters . 
  the choice is not `` take them in or they will die '' . 
  stop spewing this propaganda bullshit . 
  btw 6 billion euros and 800 000 foreign immigrants is just a slight inconvenience ? 
  nice country you have there . 
  i wonder how long it will last . 
  is that supposed to invalidate his opinion ? 
  it a ridiculously unfair system . 
  uk has it . 
  in their last elections snp got 5 % of the votes and got 56 seats , while ukip got 12 % and one seat . 
  wanting this system in poland , already dominated by two big parties , is borderline retarded . 
  the father was n't content with just fleeing the war , he wanted more for himself , and it got his wife and son killed . 
  there 's not much else to this story . 
  europe had nothing to do with it . 
  first it 's 200 , then 200 thousand . 
  they 'll keep coming , mate . 
  estonia asked for nato bases . 
  not ue bases . 
  there 's not any hypocrisy , these two are separate entities . 
  your argument makes no sense . 
  if turkey is n't going to accept them , why should europe ? 
  so you 're either a paid shill or an idiot . 
  ok whatever . 
  call me when you actually have some arguments . 
   random snippets are not honest . 
  you probably could have taken three steps wait ten minutes to the side and took a video of a syrian family being very thankful about some gifts they are recieving . 
  probably ? 
  i kinda doubt that . 
  yes , the media does come up with the narrative . 
  `` we have to save those poor starving syrian children '' . 
  yet those unfair and biased snippets show the truth - most of the immigrants are men in their 20s who come to europe for a handout . 
  there is nothing good coming from this immigration wave for europe and maybe you 'll realize it once you watch enough of those `` manipulating '' snippets . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulcrmgkft2u http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=86c_1440063192 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_cikmvdv7y, 
  do you think media does n't have agenda ? 
  random snippets are honest . 
  they 're just footage captured by ordinary people , showing what 's actually happening in the country . 
  if you think tv propaganda is better , you 're brainwashed and should seriously reevaluate your views . 
  leftists in full damage control i see . 
   yeah because fuck who needs context and fact checking and journalistic standards ahahahahaha do you actually believe anything shown on tv has any of that ? 
  yet some people still claim all cultures are equal . 
   he was against multiculturalism which is linked to religion did you even read that before posting ? 
  but `` some '' of them do , right ? 
  inb4 tiny minority, 
  they will keep coming , mate . 
  at what point would you say `` that 's enough '' ? 
  christians do n't bomb/shoot up crowded places for religious reasons . 
   the birth rate among the native population can be assumed to stay the same , while there is the additional refugees who may or may not have children . 
  so in fact , the population will actually just grow , not stay the same . 
  german people will still have german kids , the refugees will have their kids . 
  the percentage might swing slightly due to the higher population ( again , not very appreciably because of the huge population we 're talking about ! ), 
  but you 're still not replacing germans with syrians . 
  i 'm getting the feeling that maths is not your strong point . 
  let 's say you have a country with 80 million germans . 
  a lot of them being old . 
  let 's say you 'll take in 10 million middle easterns over the course of 20 years . 
  and then wait another 30 years . 
  you now have a country with 65 million people , only half of them being german . 
  that what i call population replacement . 
  i 've pulled the numbers out of my ass , i 'm too lazy to look real ones . 
  but immigrants always have a much higher fertility rate than native population , especially uneducated third world immigrants , and 800k refugees is just the beginning . 
   your point was that the country will be a different place in 50 years because of this , and i 'm saying to you that it will be a different place in 50 years regardless of this !, 
  technological advancement , or small cultural changes are not my point . 
  i 'm talking about mostly about high unemployment and crime , including religiously motivated crime . 
   i do n't see anything disastrous about accepting refugees - many nations have done it and all it has done that has been detrimental is to give `` nationalists '' something to grumble about . 
  i 'd like to see examples , similar to what germany is doing now . 
  lebanon accepted refugees that were very close culturally . 
  it 's in the state of civil war now because of those refugees . 
  germany takes in refugees from a completely cultural background , from countries known to produce extremists . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
   how are they being replaced ? 
  do you take one german out for every refugee that comes in ? 
  are you stupid or just pretending ? 
  if you die of old age having zero or one kid , while your syrian neighbor had four , how is this not replacing the population ? 
   also , the country today looks very different to how it looked 50 years ago ( as do most nations ) , so what point are you trying to make ? 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  do you really think replacing native germans with third worlders is okay ?
