  because what i said has absolutely nothing to do with it . 
  stop using the racist buzzword . 
  if gypsies are so hated and barely anyone defends them , then maybe , just maybe there really is something wrong with them . 
  a country this big has sources for all raw materials ... 
  comment mocking a legitimate opinion : 142 points sensible comment : -35 points gee , i wonder whose mouthpiece / r/europe is, 
  if every single roma you 've met throughout your entire life was a piece of shit , would you care about `` available statistics '' ? 
  how exactly do you form an opinion about anything , if not from own experience ? 
  wait until there are more of them ... 
   muh discrimination gypsies did literally nothing wrong !, 
   silesian kids, 
  it started long before ww2 . 
  yeah , we share quite a few parts of our history . 
  most of them involved killing each other . 
   soo called green men in crimea was just at max few hundred soldiers . 
  source ? 
  russia had 20-30 thousand troops in crimea . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annexation_of_crimea_by_the_russian_federation black sea fleet alone is 11 thousand . 
   this is the reason why ukraine did n't use army in crimean conflict . 
  the real reason is that ukrainian army was non-existent at the time . 
  when russians were carrying out their operation , ukrainian soldiers were running away , abandoned by their commanders . 
  a large scale offensive ? 
  what ? 
  they did n't have to transport their troops , they were already there ... 
  they do n't have proper political faction even now and wo n't ever have . 
  those nukes were completely useless for ukraine . 
  they could have made some dirty bombs out of them , but what 's the point . 
  if they had refused to give up the nukes ( and they really had no reason to ) , they would just be isolated by the international community . 
  no aid , no trade , no cooperation . 
  ukraine would collapse after like a month . 
  north korea does n't even need its nukes . 
  they have enough conventional firepower to completely wipe out seoul in 20 minutes . 
  that 's what 's been keeping them safe , not a couple of clunky nuclear rockets which would n't even reach their destinations . 
  we 're not a race dude , you ca n't be racist towards us, 
  so by your logic , we could compare any left wing party with communist party of china ? 
  reforming their country maybe ? 
  lefties get out, 
   the times of israel you for real , op ? 
   it also means that entering the eurozone would destroy the polish banks . 
  it 's not going to happen anyway . 
  national socialists :d, 
  that `` poles do n't want immigrants '' article is so dumb . 
  wyborcza 's propagandists are not even trying anymore . 
  go away ivan, 
  it might as well be trolling . 
  checking someone 's history before engaging in a discussion is always pathetic . 
  they 're refugees , so their primary concern is escaping life threatening situations , right ? 
  if so , you 're doing just fine !, 
  checking someone 's post history is kinda pathetic . 
   its no help when the extremist are the majority . 
  i thought the narrative was `` only a small minority , not real muslims '' ? 
   i for one do n't care about my country . 
  why should i. 
  if i can have a better life somewhere else i do n't see a point why i should try and create better here . 
  enough people like you , and a country goes to shit . 
  wait until it happens in gb , or wherever you emigrated to . 
   just because i was randomly born here does n't mean that i should care about piece of land that someone made croatia . 
  because this the only piece of land you and your children are guaranteed to have a place in . 
  europe is pretty chill these days , but things can change in the future . 
  so iraq is not a real country , because there 's no sense of unity and solidarity among its people , it 's only a couple of lines on the map . 
  now we replace our aging societies with immigrants from those not real countries . 
  they have absolutely nothing in common with france , sweden , or whatever country then end up in , and come from a variety of cultures and religions . 
  how does that make sense ? 
  i dunno man , having troops in iraq and afghanistan seemed like intervening to me . 
   the answer is no , unless the majority in question is substantial . 
  it is difficult to say when the wishes of a minority need to be taken into consideration , but if 30 % - ish of poles would like to see more relaxed abortion legislation i consider that to be surely not ` marginal ' . 
  and i doubt you would consider that marginal as well . 
  democracy is also built on taking into account the considerations of large minorities . 
  you ca n't please everyone and the law is not made to cater for minorities . 
   i am not surprised about that . 
  thing is that polish culture is also drenched in catholic ideas and both have influenced one another . 
  if the church its really clear doctrine on abortion was to disappear a sway in public opinion is very likely . 
  calling it a given fact might be pushing it a little , but i am simply basing that on the development of countries that use to be very religious before - and are n't anymore today . 
  that 's true , many people have christian values even when they 're not religious . 
  that does n't make their views and opinions any less valid . 
  i do n't see public opinion in poland becoming more `` progressive '' anytime soon . 
   it should not be imposed without consent from poland itself , so we agree at that point . 
  i however think that when christianity fades away further and further into the future poland will come around . 
  there are simply too many reasons to allow abortion , and the arguments against it are too few . 
  in my view poland could be there by 2030 already . 
  abortion is more of a moral issue than a religious one . 
  do n't expect everyone to jump on the pro-abortion bandwagon just because the church is losing popularity . 
   it all succeeds or fails based on the influence of the catholic church ; i think that is really a given fact . 
  strip away the influence of catholic doctrine and people will change their opinion - at least that is likely to happen . 
  that 's not a given fact . 
  i know plenty od people with right wing views who do n't care about religion al all . 
   but i do have a question for you : you say that poland should not change its laws due to outside pressure of the majority ( alright , that is all very clear ) , but do you think that minorities inside poland , that do n't share the same ideas , should be subject to such anti-abortion legislation ? 
  of course . 
  if that 's the law , no one is exempt from it . 
   apparantly a very substantial minority in poland would like to see free choice abortion , that 's why i am asking this . 
  there is always a minority ( or often majority ) which would like to swe the law changed . 
  does that mean everyone should have a different , personalized one ? 
  that 's your opinion . 
  poland should n't change its laws just because most of the western world did it . 
  do n't argue with / r/europe too much , it 's not worth the effort . 
  it 's full of arrogant 20 year old leftists who believe everyone who does n't share their `` progressive '' views is an idiot . 
  lol that 's your explanation ? 
  why not give birth to it and then kill it , when he 's found in a bad family , or a bad situation ? 
  i mean , the outcome is the same . 
   oh come on , do n't be like that  . 
  after all , such basic rights should be guaranteed in any developed nation since when abortion on demand is a `` basic right '' ?
