  volunteer battalions are no better than separatist fighters . 
   i had a congenital heart defect and i 'm not fit for the service in the time of peace . 
  you are fit for the service on the information front though . 
  :\\ ^ )  so , again , rdif , pls go . 
  do you label all comments not supporting russia `` pro-ukrainian circklejerk '' ? 
  it 's simply what happens 24/7 in this subreddit . 
  neither russia or ukraine is the good guy in this conflict , which is what 99 % of / r/europe posters do n't understand . 
  russian propaganda is pointed out and laughed at all the time , while just as obvious ukrainian propaganda goes straight to people 's heads . 
  draft dodger pls stfu . 
  a ) shill harder b ) shill better c ) your commanding officer wo n't be happy with the quality of your posts . 
   you mean writing the same kremlin 's propaganda like `` russia is n't involved '' , `` where is proofs ? '', 
  and etc. 
  do you label all comments not supporting ukraine `` kremlin 's propaganda '' ? 
   in most cases you 'll get downvoted for writing stupid shit , but atleast mods wo n't remove your comment if they do n't like it . 
  comments with negative score are hidden and people unhide it only to downote further . 
  mods do n't have to remove comments when mob mentality is as strong as in / r/europe . 
  yes . 
  so brave . 
  try going against pro-ukraine circlejerk in this subreddit instead . 
  you 'll get downvoted to oblivion . 
  partitions, 
  so we have to let millions of immigrants in to our countries to have `` a little bit of human decency '' ? 
  subreddit you 're looking for -  / r/circlejerk, 
   so why does all of western europe allow marriage for gay people not all of western europe . 
   and why are there special protections in place for this and other minorities . 
  you can pick one of these two : - equality - special protections  special protections like laws that say `` you ca n't discriminate based on sexual orientation '' . 
  polish constitution already has `` you ca n't discriminate based on anything '' ...  if there is no discrimination , why have a problem with such laws ? 
  or is western europe just decadent and homosexual in your view ? 
  western europe can do whatever they want and poland can do whatever it want . 
   personally i think poland should remove the cross from parliament . 
  it 's not a big issue , no , but i think it would be better without the cross . 
  why ? 
  why create unnecessary conflict and long-ass political debate about a cross ? 
  there are more important issues . 
   i believe in laicit\u00e9 , so strict separation , but no ridiculous stuff like calling christmas `` the holidays '' . 
  and christian holidays are fine as long as they represent the population well ( which they do in poland ) . 
  but a cross in a parliament is a no-no ? 
  in a country that is like 90 % christian ? 
   they should . 
  minority rights and protections are essential to a democracy . 
  the better a country treats its minorities the more peaceful and cohesive society is as well . 
  so good for minorities and poland in general . 
  i 'm not buying it . 
  no minority is persecuted in poland end equal rights for everyone are guaranteed by constitution . 
   there 's a cross right in parliament ... because it 's traditionally always been there . 
  do you honestly think it 's an important issue ? 
  \\  not knowing how to use meme arrows, 
   foreign politics was a disaster which did n't even matter in the end  social progress like what ? 
   lgbt rights no one cares  separation of church and state the church and state are separate . 
  i do n't like pis , but come on . 
   he can , however , veto almost everything and since the government does n't have a supermajority he can pretty much shut down legislature for next few months . 
  implying anything important would be passed if he did n't win . 
   extreme populist socialist catholic nationalist seems legit, 
  ukrainian army is very strong at meme front . 
  even two . 
   to avoid martial law and full-scale war , which would prevent any investments or loans to support the failing economy , destroyed by the previous governments and the war . 
  implying the present government has done anything to fix the economy . 
  unless you count those precious imf funds which do nothing at all . 
   while smartasses like yourself keep arguing whether there is a war lol even ukraine calls this conflict an `` anti-terrorist operation '' . 
  the downvote botnet is working nicely i see . 
  so why let those migrants in , if they 're going to be poor and uneducated anyway ? 
  people who are not computer-savvy are going to struggle with a lot of little thing ubuntu does differently . 
  the graphical interface may be similar to windows , but it 's an entirely different system underneath . 
   but their culture * is * conformist as fuck , there is no denying it . 
  well , there is ... until you provide a reliable source to back your claims . 
  you missed my point entirely . 
  you said europe `` needs '' to accept ukrainian `` refugees '' , when in reality europe does n't need that and ukrainians are not refugees . 
  they obviously assimilate better than africans , but let 's keep our facts straight . 
  i can do that too * ja te\u017c tak potrafi\u0119 *, 
   ukrainian war immigrants/refugies in central europe need easy access to legal jobs through simple and quick work visa/temporary residence . 
  if your country wants to do that , then sure , go ahead . 
  but ukraine is officially not at war , so its citizens ca n't claim refugee status . 
  they are economic immigrants , just like those boat people everyone on this sub hate . 
   in this way , they dont become drain on welfare system and dont get backlash from local population . 
  lol you can just deport illegal immigrants . 
   and at the same time they can avoid awful refugee centers , months of hopelessness or entering grey/black economy . 
  a win/win for both sides . 
  unless you 're stupid and do n't understand the situation . 
  they are not `` refugees '' . 
  stop using that buzzword . 
  they do n't `` find solace '' in poland . 
  most of them come here to make some money and then go home with it . 
  the number of ukrainians in poland is pulled right out of someone 's ass . 
  `` a migration expert '' , really ? 
   i 'll put it this way , should / r/europe be the new york times or the new york post ? 
  it 's already worse m8 . 
   libyans why ? 
   eritreans that 's pretty far away from europe and asylum has to be claimed in first safe country you set foot in . 
   christians ( mostly igbo people ) living in the northeastern states of nigeria , who are under boko haram control pretty sure they would be safe in southern nigeria . 
   and a smattering of political opponents from the other dictatorships , which we usually take in anyway because their asylum cases are obvious . 
  that 's not who the quotas are about . 
   which exactly are those `` safe areas '' ? 
  you tell me . 
  you said that most people in african countries are not in any immediate danger . 
   which african states will not send them right back to their own country , or prosecute them just as much ? 
  if there is zero solidarity even between africans themselves , why should europe be the savior ? 
   besides , note that the comment i was originally replying to specifically mentioned asylum seekers , so that 's what i talked about . 
  if you 're poor and persecuted asylum seeker you do n't have a couple thousand euros to pay the smugglers . 
   `` imaginary '' ? 
  ok , i guess we can stop discussion here , given that you have not the remotest idea of what happens in the real world .
