  sure m8 . 
   fortunately , even in africa most people are not in immediate danger of being tortured or murdered because of their religition , ethnicity or political conviction . 
  so why do n't the refugees go into safe areas in africa ? 
  surely it 's more affordable than a smuggler 's boat and those people only want to escape death , right ? 
   there are certainly moral arguments for trying to alleviate the suffering of those who have no hope of ever even reaching europe , and those are being adressed by other efforts . 
  africa 's real problems are poverty , hunger , disease , lack of education and infrastructure and ethnic tensions . 
  not some imaginary torture and persecution . 
  people want to escape africa and that 's understandable , but you are not a refugee if all you 're running away from is poverty . 
   i mean , if you want to say `` fuck asylum , i do n't want my tax euros to protect africans from getting tortured and murdered '' there are going to be 2-2 ,5 billion people living in africa in 2050 . 
  good luck protecting them all . 
   except for the hundreds of thousands of most educated citizens leaving for the west , well , fuck 'em . 
  if someone cares more about money than his family and country , he should leave and never come back . 
   eventually leading to crack economic growth and the social security system . 
  it 's unavoidable to all developed nations . 
  western countries thought it would be a good idea to import millions of africans and muslims to offset that but we all see what it has led to . 
  there 's always this one guy who brings jews into discussion . 
  no , silly . 
  you 're supposed to just read the title and comment on how much you hate putin and support ukraine . 
  alright . 
  no discussion with you i see . 
   this does not in anyway contradict my earlier statement ) yes it does . 
  you implied that eu has authority over poland , which is not true . 
  eu is just a set of treaties between some countries . 
  is someone going to genocide sub-saharans ? 
  lol it does n't work like that . 
  any member state could simply veto shit like that . 
  and i do n't your country to tell my country what to do . 
  your quota is never going to happen . 
  libya is not even a country at this point . 
  do you think people are divided into good and bad ? 
  even if someone is a legitimate asylum seeker , if you 'll make him live on scraps and sleep on a roach infested bed , he 's gon na turn to crime or extremism and ultimately be even more of a problem . 
   some are also drawing parallels to 1930 's , when jews were asking for asylum and were n't given it . 
  look how that turned out . 
  is someone genociding sub-saharans ? 
   until you meet these requirements , you 're shoved into a tiny municipal flat you have to share with another migrant family and live off a measly allowance that will keep you from dying of hunger but nothing more . 
  so even less integration and more crime ? 
  just send them back . 
  geez . 
  we can also send them back to libya . 
  you 're not making any sense . 
  [ citation needed ], 
   and if they need it and offer a good deal , i do n't see why not . 
  they ca n't offer a good deal , ukraine is broke . 
  `` sending weapons to ukraine '' means sending them for free . 
  how many people from donetsk and lugansk resort to violence ? 
  i mean , actually carry aks and shoot at ukrainian troops ? 
   ( of people who at some point called for putin to bring his army btw , got what they asked for imo ) so people deserve to die for wanting to be a part of a different country ? 
  that was during the war . 
  economy boomed after it ended . 
  wars are generally fought for someone 's benefit . 
  i 'd say ww2 benefited us economy . 
   the left is stupid ? 
  interesting . 
  got iq statistics or something to prove that ? 
  i do n't think the right is stupid , just wrong . 
  what statistics ? 
  about you being stupid ? 
  i said you are retarded , not the entire left wing . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
   the subtext in this whole thread is incredibly racist , white people emigrating and creating prosperity that 's all nice and well but brown people migrating and creating prosperity ? 
  impossible !, 
  how about they create prosperity in their countries ? 
  that actually seems to be impossible . 
  why would they suddenly succeed in europe ? 
   but actually , i agree , it was a dickmove , should n't have made insinuations that he 's racist because it just inflames the discussion . . of course it does . 
  what else did you expect ? 
   anyway the boats should n't be illegal , that 's the whole point . 
  immigration should n't be illegal . 
  if that 's your opinion , then fine . 
  but i really hope the majority of europe stays skeptic towards non eu immigration . 
   and . . goddammit , read the article , i did . 
  it 's an opinion piece at best and a shitty clickbait at worst . 
   before immigration to spain became illegal in 1991 , moroccans went back to their country , after it became illegal , nobody went back anymore , everyone stayed . 
  it 's a stupid argument . 
  no immigration boats come to spain anyway . 
  most of them are from libya to italy or greece . 
   and italy has massive massive youth emigration . 
  and massive illegal immigration . 
   and russia is a pretty failed state to take as a benchmark . 
  their gdp is like 98 % oligarchs pumping up gas , oil and some nickel , my point is , italy is not a shithole . 
  it 's a pretty rich country . 
   and yes . 
  that 's exaclty what i 'm saying , that europe should accept as many migrants as the usa did . 
  there 's just no alternative . 
  there is . 
  europe can also not let immigrants in ...  the countries where they come from are n't going to be `` fixed '' for decades and decades so the right thing to do is flooding europe with africans and arabs ? 
   in the mean time , we 're here , every young person paying for 2 pensioners with their wages . 
  every young person who has a job . 
  look up youth unemployment rates in eu . 
  immigrants are even more likely to be unemployed . 
   nono , you do n't understand , dameon199 is white , so he 's smart and made it all on his own , are you white ? 
  there 's like 90 % chance you are . 
  i would bet money that you 're 18-24 white retarded leftist in education . 
  btw fuck off with this irrelevant `` you racist '' crap . 
   italians swarmed the world when their country was in a shit phase , still going on , their country has a bigger gbp than russia . 
  shit phase indeed . 
   they 're all living in london now . 
  and the diaspora , by and large , is doing pretty well . 
  the fact that noone is letting them drown by the thousands off the coast of manhattan do they get on boats headed illegally for manhattan ? 
   or noone locked them up in detainment centers or whatnots , that might have had something to do with it , no ?
