  so in your opinion you can pick which laws are valid ? 
   whitewashing implies emotions no it does not . 
  whitewashing has clear goals and often nothing to do with emotions . 
  or an even better solution . 
  just deport everyone . 
  refugee laws were n't created to help people ** temporarily ** displaced by war , not to allow millions of illiterate africans to live in eu for the rest of their lives . 
  right now , no one wants those people in their countries and no one wants to admit it . 
  dumbass leftists and liberals always go on their rants `` we must help those poor people , it is our duty '' , but then start talking about other countries taking in the refugees they care so much about . 
  this comment is probably going to get buried , but i bet not a single one of you would want to live near a refugee center . 
   so , unless the eu says each country has to take a certain percentage of asylum seekers in the eu , all countries are going to take less people in , which means africans will have to stay in africa , and expand into the places that the wildlife lives so , the tl ; dr of your post is `` europe has to let 3 billion africans in , or the wildlife will suffer '' ? 
  do you really believe that accepting refugees has any serious effect on africa 's population ? 
   lithuania must to develop israeli-like army it 's impossible without billions from usa . 
  and unsustainable when billions stop flowing . 
   spread all the refugees through the whole of europe nah, 
   woman can yell and give orders too . 
  lol what happens when you 're wounded in battle and you have to be carried to safety ? 
  could a woman do that ? 
   can you give me a good source for that 90 % figure ? 
  already gave it to you ... click on that link and download pdf report by italian council of refugees . 
   i know that a large percentage of refugees are men who arrive alone , but often they are the ones who make the dangerous trip in order for their family to receive asylum on the basis of their status . 
  can you give me a good source for that ? 
   and that nonsense about africa really shows that you have no clue what you 're on about . 
  there are only two african nationalities that have a remote chance of receiving refugee status : eritrean and sudanese . 
  there is no way of checking nationality of refugees arriving in europe . 
  how can you tell if someone is eritrean if he has no documents ? 
   most of africa is improving economically at a faster rate than europe and is not ' a shithole ' and europe does n't accept many african refugees at all . 
  no , only thousands of subsaharans every month . 
   and you 're still avoiding the actual question and the realities of refugee decisions : would you honestly choose to live in a worse place for no good reason whatsoever ? 
  why ? 
  i 'm living in poland , when i could be living in uk or germany . 
  so yeah , i would . 
  why ? 
  because i like this country , i have family here . 
  satisfied ? 
  your question is stupid anyway . 
  you should be looking at the issue from your ( and your country ) perspective , not some random immigrant . 
   take them to either a rich country where their kids have a shot at a future , or a poorer country with a bleaker future . 
  give me a break . 
  ~ 90 % of asylum seekers are single males with no children . 
  http://www.asylumineurope.org/reports/country/italy  in fact , they have to make this choice , and since it 's pretty obvious that the conflict will rage on for years that 's the problem . 
  africa is a shithole and will always be a shithole . 
  you 're not making a difference by admitting a million refugees , a billion is still left behind . 
   again , are you telling me you 'd willingly choose the worst option because you 'd rather not burden the richer country ?!, 
  so they 're too good for poor countries like poland , romania etc ? 
  fine by me . 
  i 'm not living in the uk . 
  how is that relevant to me ? 
  btw plumbers are not uneducated . 
   i 'm upvoting this for visibility . 
  literally hero, 
   they would call these people barbarians but this is n't exactly civilised behaviour , is it ? 
  of course it is . 
  it 's not like they 're throwing rocks ... 
   what does `` improve your financial status '' mean ? 
  what 's bad about it ? 
  why are you so against it ? 
  if the refugee seeks a job that could sustain him , and pays taxes on it , what is `` immoral '' about that ? 
  many of them do n't work , do n't integrate and commit crime . 
  that 's the problem . 
   just admit you hate brown people and be over with it . 
   western countries are flooded and us eastern europeans can at least help in making this `` crisis '' bearable . 
  your country is not here to help anyone . 
  it 's there to protect interests of its citizens . 
  are thousands ( maybe even millions ) of uneducated immigrants good ? 
  btw wait until ukraine completely collapses . 
  i wonder if italy would be willing to take in refugees from there . 
  that would set a horrible precedent . 
   i realize i sound like a total racist by saying this what you wrote is not even remotely racist ... 
  honestly , this convention should be scrapped , or at least changed . 
  its goal was n't to allow millions of immigrants from africa , it was to give temporary shelter to people displaced by war , like during the last balkan war . 
  after the war ended , those people returned to their homes . 
  white guilt does n't apply to slavs , mate . 
   may i suggest you that 70 years ago europe was one of the poorest part of the world , european were migrating in every part of the world ( mainly us ) because they were escaping from war and poverty . 
  and now after 70 years we are rich , we forgot our past and we are afraid of migrants . 
  europe is not a single entity . 
  poland , germany etc were fucked up by war , but sweden , or switzerland were not . 
   you are from greece ( at least your flair is a greek flag ) , the city where i live was founded 2400 years ago by some greek migrants that were escaping from a war in south italy ( magna grecia at the time ) . 
  that is not even remotely relevant . 
   these things have always happened in human history , we should try to help other people in need and in next 70 years who knows maybe africa will be as rich as europe is now . 
  funniest thing i 've read all day . 
  do you know there are going to be 3.5 billion people living in africa in 2100 ? 
   no , you are free decide on your own whether you trust me or not . 
  i decided not to . 
   lesser of two evils ? 
  maybe a little bit lesser . 
  does it really matter if you 're ruled by russian , or ukrainian oligarchs ? 
   besides , out thugs did n't capture governmental buildings and killed and humiliated ukrainian civilians just because they had pro-ukrainian views . 
  no , but they shelled cites , because some of their inhabitants had pro-russian views . 
   can you fuck off now , rdif ? 
  `` anyone not agreeing with me is in ridf ''  p.s. 
  your synchronicity kinda proves my point about you being buttbuddies . 
  you get a notification when someone mentions your username . 
   somehow , i find it hard to believe that you have friends there . 
  and i find it hard to believe that you 're from occupied territories and have a heart defect . 
  are we supposed to fully trust you , just because you have ukrainian flag as your flair ? 
   oh , and by the way . 
  i do n't ignore fuck-ups by the ukrainian army . 
  i choose lesser of two evils . 
  and ukrainian army is much lesser of an evil than the brave `` protectors '' of `` novorossiya '' . 
  thugs fight for both sides .
