i know , right ? 
  i do n't think they have that reputation because of their female political leaders . 
  i think they have it because ... well ... it 's sweden . 
  agh , we do n't talk about the db anymore . 
  * they 're dead to us *, 
   ... real anarchists are people who want more democracy and more distributed power and decision making ... hmmmm ... no not really . 
   i mean there is no reason given the technology we have in society to tomorrow change delegate democracy we have today to a system where those we elect to parliament have 50 ' 000 , 100 ' 000 `` votes '' in parliament and self described anarchists have 1 , 2 or however many votes people wish to trust in them administered through e-voting . 
  ummm ...  ... what i do n't agree with it people who simply write off the idea as `` retarded '' well ... to put this as lightly as i can ... you 're idea of anarchism is actually pretty stupid . 
  so i can totally see why people say it 's `` retarded '' when you present it as you do . 
  from my perspective , anarchists are like communists or libertarians , they have a great grasp of the world 's problems yet no workable solutions . 
  it looks good on paper but requires a population of extremely intelligent and selfless people for it to work . 
  once we get to the point where our populous is that selfless and intelligent then government would be redundant anyway . 
  the only two anarchists i 've met in real life were a swede who ( unsurprisingly ) knew nothing about the struggles , poverty or difficulties faced by most of the world and an only child from a wealthy south american family who had difficulty understanding any perspective besides their own . 
  i think that , on paper , anarchism really does make sense , but in practice ? 
  well let me just say that there are a lot more stupid and selfish people in this world than you may think . 
  if you want to see what anarchism looks like when it 's taken off the page and into practice , why do n't you vacation in somalia for a while because that 's what real people look like without a government . 
  tl ; dr : anarchism is great , humans are n't . 
  after a long day of surrendering , the french relax and relieve their trauma by petting cats . 
  if anyone 's more racist than europeans it 's the chinese ... 
  what the fuck is this ? 
  dutch ...  :(, 
  went to a hunting club with some of my father 's friends when i was 18 , shot a .22 and a shotgun . 
  it was fun if guess ... but i do n't see what all the fuss is about . 
  nice to see the monotony of r/europe broken up a bit sometimes , 
  because the latvian stole the money that was supposed to be for the road and used it to buy a mansion, 
  oh thank god , now i can continue to have most media blocked for me at higher speeds , thanks gema !, 
  i love how some people treat the trust between nations as a friendship . 
  of course the us has ulterior motives , so does your government . 
  would you be happy if your government made selfless sacrifices to benefit the us ? 
  hahahahaha , sanders is the ron paul of the democrats . 
  good luck man . 
  most of the americans i 've met think france is the bees ' fucking knees in europe . 
  they love the food , culture , art , language etc. 
  i think it 's because they have n't met enough actual french people to know better ;d, 
  holy shit ... that video was pure gold !, 
  i have to send that to my ami friends :d, 
  mo money, 
  hm , if we want more young people in our country maybe we should stop our obsession with the german language and do what most of the sane modern world is doing by adopting english more . 
  i hate seeing foreign movies dubbed over in german ( terribly , by the way ) and having to go to the netherlands to see movies in their native language . 
  same goes for tv here . 
  i hate hearing my friends complain because contracts and paperwork are only legally binding if it 's in german and for non-native speakers doing anything that requires a contract ( like getting mobile service , applying for a visa or opening a bank account ) can be amazingly frustrating . 
  in the us for example , anytime a person applies for obamacare they are sent a letter in many different languages detailing how to contact the government for free translation services . 
  why ca n't we be like that ? 
  the rest of the world is adopting english at a very rapid pace , why are we hamstringing ourselves ? 
  for our misplaced sense of national pride ? 
  if we starting adopting more english in our government and general culture i think we 'd appear a lot more accommodating . 
  a link to what you said ? 
  is your short term memory that bad though ? 
  well til , thanks for that info !, 
  ahh , the classic defense when you 're proven irrefutably wrong , `` i was just trolling , lol . '', 
  well , ca n't say it 's been fun to chat with someone so stupid , but it has been an experience . 
  8/10 : i fell for it . 
  might want to get that short term memory loss checked out memento . 
  so in russia freedom of speech is not as recognized as in the us ? 
  sounds like america is better  also , care to source the statistics for putin detractors and bush detractors side by side so we can make a real comparison ( as opposed to basing it off of `` i lived in america at this time '' or `` i know some russians '' , which i know you like to do ), 
  but you see , i did get the point even though you expressed it badly . 
  my point is that you expressed yours in a fashion that was both abrasive and ignorant . 
  if you want to challenge the opinions of / u/4ringcircus i might recommend asking him for sources or directly challenging his statements as opposed to attacking the country he 's from and trying to change the subject . 
  it 's poor form and makes you look stupid . 
  please stop pretending that you were having a private conversation which you decided to finish here , i read the article and everything you and 4ring said prior to posting my opinions , i understood perfectly what was being discussed . 
  now please go back over our conversation and respond to the many points you did n't respond to or concede that you were wrong either in writing or by not responding to this post . 
  oh sorry , i forgot that i had to be a `` real life military strategist and general '' to [ read an article ] ( http://www.politico.com/story/2014/02/f-35-fighter-plane-costs-103579.html ) about the f-35 . 
  thanks for putting me in my place , 
  i barged into a conversation held on a public internet message board ?!, 
  so sorry !, 
  hmmm , so you were just acting like an ignorant dick just to highlight and exaggerate the ignorance of another poster !, 
  genius !, 
  but sarcasm aside , if you are a truly intelligent and thoughtful person ( you do n't really seem like one in this thread to be honest ) why do you rely on a logical fallacy as your main argument ? 
  `` you say russians are bad because of their leader ? 
  well then americans are just as bad ! '', 
  or [ tu quoque ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ) . 
  you see , it does n't address the badness proposed initially and all it does is change the subject and waste everyone 's time . 
  if the iraq war and bush really bother you that much then you should start your own topic about it where it will be perfectly acceptable to discuss it . 
  you could also make a topic comparing russia and america if you want !, 
  the possibilities are endless when you 're the topic creator my friend , 
  i 'm not even in the military of any country , lol . 
  man , here i was thinking that the f-35 was vaporware ... 
  most planes ca n't do much against modern aa ( even the f-22 is detectable by some forms of radar ) . 
  that is why air , ground and naval attacks are often coordinated together ( plus strategic cruise missile strikes ) . 
  oh no , i did figure out that english was your second language ( it 's mine too ! ) . 
  i wanted to highlight that fact after you made a bet with me that you knew more about american politics than i did . 
  you know , being that i was raised for most of my life in america and actually know quite a bit about the people and culture there . 
  so , care to actually respond to my points or are you conceding ? 
  listen , the iraq war was fucked up and gwb was a shit president , i agree with you ; the funny thing is , most americans agree with you too !, 
  that 79 % approval for iraqi invasion was fresh off the memory of 9/11 and people were not thinking rationally . 
  a lot of the same people who supported the war in the beginning have realized that they were ignorant at the time and changed their minds . 
  and my final point , if i judged every polish person ever off of [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znrnjbgepde ) would you think that fair ? 
  america and americans made a mistake with the iraq war and bush . 
  most of them recognize that though , what is your aim in bringing that up in a thread about russian medical sanctions ? 
  accidentally banning imgur for a day and banning wikipedia because you think the internet is a project by the cia are two different things . 
  really son ? 
  what is this bet based on ? 
   so , please tell me again that when the iraq war started the average americans were against it ... * so please tell me that when the iraq war started the average american opposed it . 
  * more grammatically correct for you professor american government . 
  from what i recall , this argument was about the american view of gwb himself . 
  do you retract your previous statements about all of america supporting bush , or are you just changing the subject because you were wrong ? 
  well fuck it , at the height of us support for the war ( may 2003 ) 79 % of americans surveyed supported the invasion . 
  quite a large majority i can not deny . 
  but hey , every month before that the max % of supporters was 60 % and every month after that ... well let 's just say that most americans recognized their mistake pretty quickly . 
  what was bush 's approval rating again ?
