  basing america 's judgement of a president off of the dixie chicks ( who , by the way , did n't just insult bush , but texas as well , and then went on to have one of their most successful albums and a documentary made about them ) is a bit silly . 
  also note , out of 44 presidents only 10 have not been re-elected for a second term . 
  it 's pretty difficult to lose your second time around historically . 
  also please understand that the us does not operate as a democracy but as a republic . 
  this means that the majority of citizens can vote against someone and they can still win based off of electoral college votes ( and this is exactly what happened with bush ) . 
  but did some americans like bush ? 
  of course , but most did n't . 
  i 've met a lot of americans as well as people who 've lived in america for years , who are comfortable to admit that they 're not very familiar with the american system of government , so they 're cautious to comment on it for fear of looking stupid . 
  i guess you are n't one of these people . 
  * world 's, 
  a coffee in berlin was pretty good , 
  yeah , because europe has never needed the united states ' military aid before . 
  bringing the bantz ? 
  stanis the manis !, 
  jesus you 're daft . 
  have you looked at the hateful shit that is spits about christianity ? 
  about how they 're persecuted and killed for their religious choices ? 
  i 'd say christians are worse off in islamic countries than muslims are in christian ones . 
  well fuck me , i guess responding to your example of anarchism 's relation to religion and terrorism was off topic , my bad i guess . 
  2/10 poor attempt . 
  if you had two braincells you could answer that question . 
  christianity is complained about , often . 
  the vast majority of european countries have christian history so it 's more normal to accept christianity . 
  this is a thread about islamic terrorism , no shit you 'll here more complaining here about islam than christianity . 
  and as to your defense of all religion , no . 
  if anarchism 's mains tenants had clauses to the effect of `` women are less than men '' and `` all homosexuals are bad '' then very few people could rationally support it . 
  i guess it 's not the same with religion . 
  apples are not oranges . 
  ok , christianity and islam both do n't have a place in the modern world . 
  they 're both shit . 
  your strawman argument ( yeah islam is bad ... but you know what else is bad ?!, 
  christianity !, 
  so now islam is good ! ), 
  is painfully transparent and weak . 
  try again . 
  well ... that 's odd behavior for a brit . 
  maybe he ran out of alcohol and was desperate ? 
  and the exception does not make the rule . 
  or is there another reason the british had to hire german consultants to make the sa80 not a piece of crap ? 
  lol , grasping at smoke to be offended . 
  how very contemporary of you . 
  what a punchable fucking face . 
  ya burnt russia !, 
  this . 
  they make so much money off of each other it would be damn stupid to throw it away on a pointless war . 
  here 's the outcome : 1 . 
  usa wins ( duh ) 2 . 
  everyone loses ( duh ) usa is stupid but not that stupid and china is smart as hell . 
  never gon na be a war . 
  can we actually have some news stories on here ? 
  `` french people being stupid assholes '' is redundant and boring at this point ; they 've been that way for the last 300 years at least . 
  i know , right ? 
  he seems awfully defensive for someone who `` is n't trash '' . 
  uh oh , i smell a wittle butthurt going on here . 
  usa bringing the bantz . 
  i did n't realize that `` french '' was a race . 
  people certainly do love to throw around the r-word these days , do n't they ? 
  well i never said that germans were perfect , i just said that we were n't french , 
  what ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying is very relevant to be honest . 
  that 's more of a government issue than our farmers unions issue . 
  i was just saying that we would n't dump a bunch of fish and set them on fire is all . 
  one if my biggest gripes with germany is our lack of cheddar cheese , i wish we had it . 
  because then what ? 
  they would ... get to their destination on time and not damaged ? 
  we experienced a lot of freedom man , i 'm not too worried about it . 
  i think i clearly explained why some europeans do n't like islam , i do n't believe this to be unreasonable as the muslim religion explicitly states its view on women and gays being less equal to straight men . 
  so no , it 's not unreasonable to be afraid of islam , until they change their hyper conservative stance on human rights much of the west will rightfully be scared of them . 
  yeah but brits do it everywhere as i said above . 
  even if it was n't a `` party island '' as you said they would act the same . 
  i burn in the sun man , i do n't care about the towel rule ( that you brits seem really butthurt about given all of the maymays you 've made about it ) i 'm upset by large groups of raucous assholes getting drunk and trashing nice towns and getting in fights outside of your native country . 
  if you want to act like an animal , do it in your own backyard people . 
  define xenophobia please , i want to hear what you think it means . 
  is that why turkey lets people build christian churches there ? 
  that is so ... french . 
  i think you might not know what xenophobia means . 
  islamiphobia might be more appropriate and yes , a lot if europeans are afraid if islam . 
  the way that many members of islam regard women and homosexuals goes directly against the way a lot of europeans think and they do n't like that . 
  also , many countries in europe are christian and just as some muslim countries ( like turkey ) do n't let people practice anything besides islam , european countries feel that they should n't behave differently . 
  tl ; dr : the intolerance of basic human rights and religious expression stemming from a large amount of muslims is directly opposed to european culture . 
  what ? 
  there are no mosques in europe ? 
  have you even been here ? 
  i can tell you from my experience in places that do n't promote over imbibing . 
  brits are a bunch of fucking drunks . 
  stupid fucks take their gap year in beautiful countries just to go to bars and get wasted then spend the whole next day sleeping , rinse and repeat until they leave . 
  a lot of places promote it , a lot of places do n't , does n't change how brits act . 
  i guess the one nice thing about british tourists is that they make americans look cultured and knowledgeable . 
  well thank god you do n't have gema , i swear that bill was originally penned in 1944 . 
  i did , i think that having week after week of mohammed drawings would get dull . 
  having one every once in a while would n't . 
  no need for charlie to say they 're stopping , just publish them when you feel like it and when it 's topical and relevant . 
  well i never asked them to publish a new one every week . 
  i think that stopping entirely is n't in good form either . 
  you can still draw mohammed when you feel like it . 
  no need to make a media announcement about how you 're going to stop . 
  keep showing those terrorists that terrorism does n't work by ... by doing exactly what they want ... ok ... 
  comic was miles ahead of the movie . 
  i 'd really recommend it . 
  [ of course it 's free .
