cool article, 
  i 'd say their incursions into ukraine are the most provocative of all, 
  facepalm, 
  it 's probably not too far away ... 
  though it 's english-language , so it 's not a huge threat to putin . 
  ] ( http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20131208235433/walkingdead/images/6/6a/kanye-west-shaking-head-no.gif ), 
  [ google ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=eur&amp;to=rub&amp;view=10y ), 
   he 'll find ways to * free * your money and assets ftfy, 
  also keep in mind the potential for nationalization , or the government invalidating foreign ownership . 
  yes, 
   i disagree . 
  coercion is forcing someone to do something . 
  russia is n't forcing ukraine to use their gas , but its giving it to them for a cheaper price . 
  if they do n't pay ( and ukraine did n't ) , the gas is cut off . 
  by that logic , you could call eu an economic coercer -- you get benefits with complying with eu policy , and the benefits are cut if you do n't . 
  they * are * forcing , because they know how much ukraine can afford , and they know that without gas people will die . 
   helsinki final act on non-intervention in internal affairs was broken : we 're talking about budapest , not helsinki . 
  either way , i still ca n't understand how you can compare the two actions : support for non-violent protest vs military invasion . 
  when it comes to helsinki , broaden that to russian intervention by means of media , then . 
  * especially * in eastern ukraine . 
   cia funding opposition of non-allied regimes or even directly getting involved is not unheard of . 
  on the contrary . 
  sure , but that 's a red herring . 
  we 're not talking what has happened in the past . 
  there 's plenty of awful things i could post about russia , too . 
   as to the neo-nazi part , there were and are extreme elements in every country , but with kiev it was overblown by russian media . 
  but one of the first decisions of verkhovna rada in such a critical and messy situation being the taking down of russian as official language in a country with huge russian minority , did n't exactly help the situation either . 
  but even going back to whether or not the usa supported even the non-violent protests is in question , as you will not find any legitimate sources making said claims . 
  minority languages do not need to be official languages . 
  doing so is an economic burden on the government ( especially one struggling as ukraine ) . 
  but i stray as this argument about language is irrelevant , as it has no bearing on the agreements we are discussing . 
  also , suggesting that russia should intervene militarily because russian is not an official language is absurd . 
   i mostly agree , but you ca n't act radically and not expect radical reactions from empire-like states such as russia and u.s. nations should n't be fearful of their bigger neighbors  you have to approach it slowly and carefully . 
  if ukraine wanted to get out of russian sphere of influence , it should have done it gradually and taking into consideration the big chunk ukrainian population that is russian . 
  they were trying to . 
  slowly but surely . 
  and the majority wanted eu integration . 
  that was turned down through economic coercion from moscow . 
  and maidan happened . 
   but the west incited ukrainians and supported the protesters . 
  both are to blame . 
  `` the west '' did not incite ukrainians . 
  yanukovych incited them , in siding with russia against the will of his people . 
  maidan was a popular protest , and to suggest it was started by us agents is to completely misunderstand it ( as is simply claiming it was turning away from the eu , but it 's a component ) . 
   no problem . 
  there 's still time , though ... :p there always is . 
  however in the end what i 'm seeing here is that you are simply trying to explain * why * russia took the actions that it did . 
  that is clear . 
  in its most simple terms , it is threatened by the growing eu sphere of influence , and wants to maintain and grow its own . 
  russia wants to be counted among the world powers . 
  but it 's not , and bullying their neighbors and flexing their military might is not how to get respect . 
  it 'll work at home with a controlled media and a nation yearning for a return to supremacy , but that 's not the reality in the 21st century . 
  for all his careful planning and , honestly , excellent execution of his crimea/donbas plan , putin does n't seem to realize that he 's still playing and winning a game from the previous century , that the rest of us have left behind . 
   offering cheaper prices in exchange to allegiance is not economic coercion and neither is threatening to cut off the gas if you do n't pay your debts . 
  that 's exactly what `` economic coercion designed to subordinate to their own interest '' is . 
  they are using their economic leverage in terms of gas prices to support regimes that play in their favor , and raise prices or threaten shut off to punish those that do not . 
   2014 revolution was violent . 
  even if 2004 was n't violent , it 's still violating the sovereignty of ukraine . 
  if it was n't violent it does n't violate the agreement , and therefore does n't nullify it , as you and russia are claiming . 
  the 2014 revolution * was * violent , but those being violent were not supported by `` the west '' , so it still does not violate the agreement . 
  the idea that the cia is funding neo-nazis to force a coup might work on rt , but it 's as absurd in reality as russia 's claim as they are not intervening . 
   completely true . 
  russia did all of those after the west made the memo void . 
  but `` the west '' did n't make the memo void . 
  in any case , the proper response to claims of violations are to be discussed amongst the signing members , not by invasion . 
  russia violated everything , and supported that violation by claiming without evidence that `` the west did it first '' . 
  21st century geopolitics should not be reduced to playground bickering , but that 's exactly what putin is doing . 
  he 's a child bully , kicking sand in other kids faces and shoving them into the dirt , and when the adults get upset with him , he blames those with the bloody noses . 
   i ca n't get the feel of justified because english is not my first language . 
  was it moral or just ? 
  was it to be expected of a power to react in such a way if it 's sphere of influence was threatened ? 
  yes . 
  the west should n't have meddled in russian zone of influence , and should have left ukraine as a buffer state between russia and the west . 
  ukraine should not be a buffer for anyone , and should not be anybody 's pawn . 
  if the ukrainian people want integration with the west and seek european union membership , then they should be allowed to do so , regardless of what their former occupier says . 
  same goes for if they want to integrate with russia and the pipedream `` eurasian union '' . 
  turns out they do n't , and they chose the 21st century . 
  that did n't sit well with putin , he made some irrelevant and inaccurate claims about being justified that his media sold to the people . 
  in the end , all that he needs is domestic support , and since he controls north of 90 % of the media through kremlin funding ( and opposition media will be all but wiped out with the new law banning foreign ownership over 20 % ) , he 'll get it through lying . 
  either way , thanks for the reasonable back and forth . 
  this sort of thing usually spirals out of control , 
  well lets first be clear . 
  for the moment , you can have the benefit of the doubt . 
  what you are suggesting is that since `` the west '' violated one of the terms , then russia is free to violate * other * ones . 
  would you be then suggesting that russia should use nuclear means to achieve their goals in the donbas ? 
  furthermore , what you are suggesting is that since `` the west '' violated this agreement , it completely erases it , and russia therefore is justified in * invading , occupying , and annexing parts of a hitherto independent country * russia has used gas prices to influence the politics of their former republics ever since those republics became independent . 
  do n't be naive . 
  the helsinki final act says to refrain from `` activities directed towards the violent overthrow of the regime of another participating state . '', 
  supporting non-violent protests is not the same thing . 
  you 'll be hard pressed to find evidence of us government support for right sector , but plenty of evidence to show russia supporting , supplying , and actively fighting with violent separatists . 
  russia has : 1 . 
  failed respect the independence and sovereignty and the existing borders of ukraine . 
  failed to refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of ukraine 3 . 
  failed to refrain from economic coercion designed to subordinate to their own interest the exercise by ukraine of the rights inherent in its sovereignty and thus to secure advantages of any kind . 
  once again , you 'll have to pardon my language , but suggesting that russia is justified in invading , occupying and annexing ukrainian land and supplying and supporting an armed insurrection because `` the west '' supported protests that overthrew a pro-russian leader is fucking asinine . 
  which of the following did `` the west '' break in ukraine from the budapest memorandum ? 
  respect ukrainian independence and sovereignty within its existing borders . 
  refrain from the threat or use of force against ukraine . 
  refrain from using economic pressure on ukraine in order to influence its politics . 
  seek immediate united nations security council action to provide assistance to ukraine , `` if ukraine should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used '' .
