  changed our species more profoundly than anything else . 
  just tell people what the hell you want them to do !, 
  no ancient books and prophets from the desert !, 
  just fucking tell us what you want from us !, 
  the number of redditors would decline over time . 
  genetically engineer new overlords !, 
  people holding up lines . 
  i hate waiting in line , and when i see someone `` taking his/her time '' e.g. 
  in a long line in a supermarket ... let 's say * deep breath * : it upsets me . 
  i do n't cook vegetables . 
  except potatoes or broccoli , maybe . 
  not for ideological reasons , just like it that way . 
  i do n't even make them into a salad either . 
  i just eat a motherfucking cabbage while tearing it apart with my hands . 
  maybe not the only one , but everybody sure finds me weird . 
  sulfuric acid . 
  o. 1m . 
  sour . 
  sour to the point of pain . 
  used an old school pipette you have to suck :d i wanted to try it ... yeah , dunno why ... 
  i was told that as well , but i like to learn the hard way . 
  it stays with ya !, 
  got ta love that smooth acidic taste with a strong sulfuric finish , and just a hint of dust and old glass . 
  exquisite !, 
  civilization !, 
  because ( some ) people would believe anything . 
  becoming a rock star !, 
  i bought a guitar , started playing and everything , but i am just horribly untalented . 
  does n't matter , i am a science guy , not an arts guy anyway . 
  maybe teenage girls will never scream at me , but at least i am poor and unappreciated . 
  to the whoever was running the roman empire circa 0 c.e. 
  : `` you now those religious freaks in palestine who are causing unrest and giving you trouble ? 
  kill 'em , kill 'em before they lay eggs ! '', 
  of course , that would n't be 0 c.e now . 
  the library of alexandria would possibly never be destroyed , as well as the philosophical schools of ancient greece , no `` flat earth '' , no geocentrism , no trying to heal people with fasting and exorcisms , no suicide bombers ... you know , a normally developing civilization ... 
  marilyn manson 's music . 
  i know , i know ... 
  he ripped off a bunch of other artists , got famous for covers etc. 
  i would not admit it publicly , but when i 'm alone , i still listen to some of his stuff ... 
  i work in a lab , where i 'm required to wear a labcoat , gloves and goggles ... for the past couple of weeks my boss walked in on me without a labcoat like three times even though i wear one 99 % of the time . 
  i walk in just to check on my measurement , and i think `` i 'll just reduce the gas flow , it 's just turning one valve , gloves are enough , no need for labcoat '' . 
  as soon as i reach for the valve ... bam !, 
  my boss . 
  after the third time i was like `` i swear i wear a labcoat all the time . 
  you have very bad timing . '', 
  once i was drinking beer on a completely full train , heading from belgrade to novi sad ( serbia ) for new years eve . 
  i am drinking heavily , and the train ride is 2h . 
  at one point i really have to go to the bathroom , but there is no way i can get to one . 
  there was some concert in novi sad and the train is completely stacked with people going there for ny . 
  i mean people are crammed into the train . 
  in a moment of pure genius i decide to pull down the window , climb up the seats , aaaand ... pee out the window of a moving train . 
  it was going through some village . 
  people cheered me on as i was doing it . 
  did not pee myself or anything in the train . 
  there is a video of this somewhere , as some stranger was kind enough to immortalize the moment . 
  depends ... if we let the religious fanatics start burning things again - then possibly . 
  even though the amount of records kept at our time and 4th century ce is incomparable ( just think of all the books , hard drives , cds in the world today ... ) - `` never underestimate the destructive power of stupid people in large groups '' . 
  also , never underestimate time , and what can occur over incomprehensibly large time periods . 
  imo this is spot-on . 
  the more you know , the more you have to worry about . 
  just think about it ... 
  problems :, 
  your personal, 
  of your friends and family, 
  of your local community, 
  of your country, 
  5 . international, 
  global, 
  everybody has 1 & 2 , but 3-6 , not everybody is well-informed and contemplative enough to be aware of them . 
  plus if you are really philosophical and start thinking about stuff like `` what is the meaning of life ? 
  '' , `` where did the universe come from '' , `` is there a creator or is this just a big cosmic dance we do n't understand ? '', 
  etc. , man , you 're in deep **** , you even become aware of your own ignorance , and somehow you and me , and everyone are ignorant , no matter how smart or intelligent we are . 
  then you realize that there are problems that you are not even aware of , and there are and will be challenges that you , or any human , can not even imagine . 
  then you become frustrated with most of humanity being entertained by celebs , reality tv and other absolutely unimportant stuff , and not even caring about all that ... part of it thinking the earth is 6000 years old , or that they are the chosen warriors of god , or that climate change or the moon-landing are a hoax ... 
  on the other hand you have people who care about 1 and 2 , decide that there is definitely an afterlife , and they are going to heaven , 'cause of course god is going to want to meet me !, 
  in the end there will be the heavenly kingdom and yay !, 
  what do you think , which one of these will be the happier group ? 
  this might be your particular case , but this is not a problem of intelligence in general . 
  you should see a specialist , you might have adhd or some similar problem ... 
  perhaps browse through this sub if you have n't already : http://redd.it/20e7xd, 
  look , i feel ya ... 
  i am diagnosed with gad ( general anxiety disorder ) . 
  i was not leaving my room for extended periods of time , and ... drinking quite heavily . 
  life really sucked , 'cause i just completed my m.sc . 
  and was unable to do anything with my life ... 
  just take the advice from the top comment from this thread and do a little bit for yourself every day . 
  if you do that , things will get better . 
  i am not perfectly ok still , but i got my shit together . 
  i moved to germany ( coincidence huh ? 
  ) , and started a phd here six months ago . 
  this time last year , i would n't even dream of doing what i am doing now and feeling this fine . 
  true . 
  but it also allows the use of any kind of imagery by its followers to achieve a certain state of the mind during rituals , so i guess in theory they could use it . 
  bitchy girl : pf , i 'm totally out of your league, 
  me : yeah , you 're out , you were relegated a few seasons back . 
  ( i am not hitting on her , we hated each other actually ), 
  not my university , but a private university in belgrade offers the degree `` environmental protection manager '' . 
  no idea . 
   so feminists really should n't be go ` you ca n't hit me because i 'm a girl ' ? 
  my unpopular opinion is that many feminists nowadays just go against stuff that bothers them , but are not genuinely against gender inequality .
