  there is really no way you can say `` these people are fighting for democracy '' . 
  a lot of the `` rebels '' and former iraqi ba'athists have joined isis , bringing their made in the usa weapons with them . 
  the real issue here is assad , not `` democracy and liberty '' . 
  the `` rebels '' are basically some vague group that is pro-democratic and it is basically non-existent and made-up for propaganda purposes . 
  those who are against assad are far from being some compact group , they are a series of factions and factions within factions . 
  they are also far from being pro-democratic . 
  only the fsa is ( at least claims to be ) pro-democratic , but they do not have the strenght to gain an absolute victory in syria . 
  what most of the anti-assad forces have in common is actually islamism . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  simply destroying isis means assad will deal with the rest of the factions quickly . 
  isis is allowed to exist as long as they are useful . 
  it must be gaius baltar . 
  maybe `` supporting '' is not the right word , but it 's seen as a kind of necessary evil towards a greater goal . 
  they will be destroyed eventually and i do n't think the west is literally * allied * with isis . 
  not shot at , but i have had a gun pointed at me while being yelled at `` do you want it ?! '' . 
  one of the scariest moments of my life . 
  the universe . 
  it may be a `` classical '' answer but as soon as you get out of our human comfort zone shit gets weird . 
  whether it 's just very small , very big , or very fast , or very high energy , it 's guaranteed to result in something weird . 
  i think it is trying to contain it while getting rid of assad somehow . 
  grey hair . 
  i made my peace with it tho . 
  on the bright side , they are only on my head still . 
  not going bald either , so that 's nice . 
  face . 
  then ass and legs . 
  i 'm an ass and legs guy . 
  i also very much like to see a woman with nice hair . 
  and all you guys saying `` her personality '' , `` her inteligence '' , `` her soul '' and such : this is reddit , you 're anonimous , you can be honest . 
  for science , please ... 
  get drunk for a couple of days . 
   ust not actively targeting isis leaders near government controlled parts of syria . 
  putin needs pilots with combat experience , because until today he literally had 0 . 
  why not target isis leaders ? 
  if you think getting experience for pilots is all that is at stake here , you are just wrong . 
  there is no other way of saying it . 
  you think this whole engagement is a training ground ? 
  come on ... 
  there is the russian naval base in tartus , oil , the proposed gas corridor through syria , just plain influence in the region . 
  late twenties . 
  that 's the part that kinda sucks . 
  it started then for my mother too , so it 's genes . 
  like what ? 
  i doubt assad is worse than isis . 
   russia is ok with doing nasty things, 
  not just russia ... 
   assad and his allies ( including russia ) are mostly focusing on killing the moderate rebels, 
  where did you get this from ? 
  what i saw this far they bombed isis , al-nusra and the army of conquest . 
  neither of which are moderate . 
  they also bombed raqqa , the isis capital , for the very first time so far . 
   us had been planning on overthrowing assad since 2006 in order to fuck with russian gas interests while at the same time promoting us gas interests in europe, 
  of course it 's not about human rights . 
  it 's about assad being close to russia . 
  about the potential gas transit through syria , the russian base there , etc. 
   no it 's not . 
  we 've been bombing them . 
  as i said in another comment - yes , to contain them . 
  but if they get destroyed , assad might fill that void . 
  thanks for your insight . 
   did you just describe isis as a `` kind of necessary evil '' ? 
  read what i wrote again . 
   you 're going to have to back up the assertion that leaders in the west consider them as such . 
  isis exists for quite a while now . 
  a lot of american weapons made it to their hands . 
  the us wants assad gone , but if isis is destroyed assad will have by far the greates power in syria . 
  the us is trying to balance things out in order to get a third side in power . 
  that 's why there is no serious land offensive to destroy isis . 
  the bombings prevent them from expanding but they are steadily holding large territory for a long time now . 
  they have gains and losses , but e.g. 
  northeastern syria is stable isis territory . 
   hey , at least my insight does n't try to excuse a us forced regime change and pass it up as `` greater goal '' . 
  you seriously need to re-read what i wrote . 
  i was arguing against that . 
  i do think assad is a lesser evil . 
  edit : ok , maybe it 's not clear from these later posts , i am arguing that this is the position the us is taking . 
  go on man , pile on the misery , 
  yeah , whatchagonnado ... it 's not the worst thing in the world . 
  we are all victims of our genetic heritage in the end , this is not so bad . 
  man , i hold tutorials for bachelor students at the uni . 
  they call me `` sir '' sometimes . 
  it 's devastating . 
  i agree . 
  my mind goes sometimes `` god these kids are always on their phones '' . 
  then i die inside a little bit . 
  they probably favour guys like the fsa . 
  the problem is - it 's unlikely they can achieve a decisive victory . 
  right now the top players are assad and isis . 
  uhm , does anyone really ? 
  while assad with his ground troops may be avoiding an offensive , isis did try to get to damascus , and the russians are definitely not avoiding them . 
  you give me hope . 
  have an upvote . 
  but , you know , i know this might come of kinda sexist , but it is absolutely acceptable for women to dye their hair . 
  loads of women do it just for the heck of it . 
  so , i would just go with it , if it bothers you . 
  for me personally gray hair on a woman is not a problem , so just rock it the way you like . 
  haha , dude , i would never pluck my chest . 
  dying ? 
  i mean if it * really * bothers you . 
  but who cares ?
