  i really do n't think so . 
  a hipster is not just a person different in clothing or music they listen to . 
  a hipster is a kind of person who makes it a life 's mission to be different to the degree it becomes artificial and forced . 
  the people who are super into something , until others start liking it , then it suddenly becomes `` fake '' or `` garbage '' . this might be relative a bit , but nobody would call a tattooed guy with a bike a hipster . 
  they are more like the kind of folks who can not say `` i like pizza with pepperoni '' but `` i like gluten-free vegan pizza with tears of unicorns , but you probably do n't know about it , it 's this supercool hidden pizza place no one knows about '' . 
  the same about clothes ... the same about music ... 
  butthurt licemer . 
  hey , me too !, 
  it 's wonderfully relaxing , but i am aware i suck . 
  well , actually that makes you a female , not a lady . 
  so : man = gentleman . 
  no distinction ? 
  i am sorry , i do n't see your point . 
  if someone says that a man is not a gentleman , i do n't think anybody means that that person is not of masculine gender . 
  you may not behave like a lady , yet everyone will still consider you a woman . 
  jesus f. christ , where do these people live ? 
  farting acceptable for a gentleman ?!, 
  i would laugh if i was n't this baffled . 
  standards are different . 
  men will get judged for a lot of things women would n't . 
  just for example : when was the last time you heard someone call a woman a coward ? 
  agreed . 
  malagurski is overrated in serbia because he tells what a lot of people want to hear . 
  in truth his `` documentaries '' are partially evidence based , but a lot of it is just his personal opinions . 
  not to mention that it 's really bad practice having an interview with someone , finish it , and then go on to narrate an answer to this person and `` interpret '' the interview , instead of speaking to the person and let him/her defend or explain her/himself . 
  malagurski does this so often his films are nearly unwatchable . 
  also , he just narrates so much . 
  well , the best thing would be to watch as much as possible , but always bare in mind where are the authors `` coming from '' ( meaning their political background ) . 
  good ranking university ( yes , it matters ) and * more importantly * good supervisor . 
  when choosing look through his current students , if they have few publications that might mean he is not including them as authors , or he does n't publish much . 
  having few/not significant publications when you finish can be really bad even if you get the top grade . 
  i 'm doing my phd in europe ( germany ) so it may be hard to relate . 
  but , i guess you will have to consider it on a case-to-case basis . 
  i can not be of much help here , sorry . 
  and how their soldiers are actually kind-hearted . 
  they just wanted to save you from yourself ... 
  i like a lot of american things ( burgers , movies , rnr ... 
  i could make a list ) . 
  all americans i have met so far were really nice people . 
  however , your government and foreign policy are horrible imo . 
  i think you are close to pushing the world into ww3 . 
  you are constantly at war , you 're the biggest weapons exporter , you are keeping nukes * everywhere * in the world ... also , it 's really creepy for me when americans do n't even know my country exists , even though the us was bombing it just 15 years ago . 
  that shit seems really `` orwellian '' . 
  human rights . 
  u.s. authorities often comment on the `` state of human rights '' in countries they have a problem with , e.g. 
  now it 's russia . 
  at the same time you are `` besties '' with the saudis . 
  it was funny for me when the chinese government issued a report on the status of human rights in the us , commenting on the fact that ethnic minorities are numerous in prison , most politicians in power are white , number of black people shot by cops , etc. 
  they quoted real studies too . 
  they did it as a matter of principal , to show someone can also make comments like that about the us . 
  of course , i think the state of human rights in the us is one of the best in the world , but come on , you had racial segragation up until not so long ago ( on a historical scale ) . 
  let 's not even comment on abu ghraib , guantanamo , and such ... 
  scientist vs. `` alternative medicine '', 
  if you know how atoms , chemical bonds , solutions and such work , you can not stand a fucking homeopath . 
  you can not not comment , and the wo n't like you either, 
  i 'm gon na be refreshing this page for a while now ... 
  21 for beer ? 
  that sounds horrible !, 
  so you can be legally adult but not able to drink ? 
  that seems ... weird . 
  pills existed before homeopathy . 
  faster-than-light travel !, 
  looking clean - how to fool society, 
  match the color of your clothes to the soil type of your area !, 
  `` seriously . 
  smoke more weed . '', 
  high school is four years . 
  yes , you do a test and a combination of the points from the test and your grades from elementary school determines which high school you get in . 
  you can choose between a gymnasium ( which gives you a more general education ) or a vocational school . 
  you do n't get to pick your subjects , you must pass all of them . 
  at the university at your bachelor degree most classes are mandatory , some you can choose . 
  at the master 's you are more free , and you can pick most of your courses . 
  there are specialized degrees such as in physical chemistry , biochemistry . 
  at the uni most courses have `` practical '' parts where you actually go to labs and do `` exercises '' . 
  the usefulness of these varies from course to course , or from professor to professor . 
  for phd i can not speak much 'cause i am doing it abroad , but i know you have to apply for a course and pay tuition , and then getting employed as a doctoral student is a completely separate process , i.e. , you can be in graduate school without being employed , which is totally weird ( and senseless , nobody does this of course ) . 
  what many people find strange is that in serbia we have to have a defense for our degrees , even for bachelor . 
  a presentation , comity , audience , all that jazz ... 
  edit : added a sentence . 
  yep , lord kelvin famously declared in 1900 `` there is nothing new to be discovered in physics now . 
  all that remains is more and more precise measurement . '', 
  boy does that seem silly now !, 
  this is sadly true . 
  in my field ( catalysis ) , there are several prominent serbian authors , but all working in the us , germany or switzerland . 
  i must say i never read a paper coming from a serbian institution either . 
  usa , germany , holland , japan , china , spain ... even hungary and poland . 
  serbia ? 
  if i came across one i would do it just for the heck of it , but it does n't seem like there are relevant papers coming from serbia . 
  i knew this , that 's why i chose to do my phd abroad . 
  while on my bachelor degree i went to one summer school in germany , and saw the difference . 
  i decided then and there ,, 
  another problem is that serbia is isolated academically . 
  there is n't much of a flow of people . 
  in western universities people are always coming and going , there are guest lecturers , international students , erasmus . 
  this is great for the faculty , 'cause international staff bring in experience and novelty . 
  while doing my bsc and msc in serbia i have n't met a single student or employee who was not from serbia , bosnia ( the serbian part only of course ) or montenegro . 
  edit : sometimes i can not english ... 
  yep . 
  i spent a lot of time `` looking for a religion '' . 
  now , i consider myself an atheist .
