  in any war far more civilians die than military personnel . 
  look at any war and you will see that this is historically true . 
  gaza is very densely populated . 
  if israel was killing civilians on purpose , there would be much more civilian deaths , especially taking into account the exceptional israeli military technology . 
  they simply see civilian deaths as a necessary evil . 
  if you take a look around the world , that 's is how most armies act , including the us , russia , china , uk ... you name it ... 
  - anyone can write anything on paper/the internet , just because something is in writing does n't make it true or even plausible, 
  - scientists are not `` changing their minds constantly '' , they are improving our understanding of things , and that sometimes ( but much less often than most think ) means redefining things, 
  - words like energy , field , power , force , quanta etc. 
  have strict scientific definitions and when somebody uses them in a wrong way he/she is likely a crook, 
  - basic statistics ( average , per capita , median etc. ), 
  - basic economics ( how does the state make money and how does it spend it ), 
  generalized anxiety disorder . 
  was hell , now dealing with it . 
  mundane tasks are much more difficult then for normal people . 
  it 's manageable , but it requires some power of will . 
  well not completely overcome but managing it . 
  quit caffeine , more exercise , reduced alcohol ( very important ) . 
  but above all you really have to want to get better . 
  that may sound strange , but people with anxiety ( me included ) often try to make a cozy little cocoon in our lives ( to avoid sources of anxiety , like public appearance , traveling etc. 
  ) , which ultimately makes things worse and does not add to your quality of life . 
  i do n't take any medication , except when i 'm flying , but a lot of `` normal '' people do that anyway . 
  hi , canada , i like you !, 
  greetings from germany . 
  my question is , if i visit canada , how difficult/expensive/time consuming would it be to visit the deep north ? 
  the premier league , of course !!, 
  the type that comments with amazing confidence on subjects they know almost nothing about . 
  seminal - highly influential in an original way . 
  ( english is my 3rd language actually ), 
  maybe not the best . 
  but i would be awesome in a chemistry-football ( soccer ) - history of the mongol empire triathlon . 
  it 's complicated ... 
  cristiano ronaldo . 
  i do n't know . 
  his stupid face i guess ... 
  crippling anxiety disorder . 
  i always had an ambition to work in science and this brought my plans to a serious halt . 
  i would say my pride and power of will were key . 
  i just said : `` i 'm not gon na live my life like this ! '' . 
  started working on myself every day , at least a little bit , but every day . 
  i 'm doing a phd now ... 
  i realize your situation is more serious , but just take on a `` i 'm not gon na be like this forever '' attitude . 
  power trip . 
  control . 
  you can not get hurt if you do n't get attached and act like a dick . 
  i 'm do n't think like that anymore though ... 
  look at any war fought anywhere in history . 
  most of the victims are always civilians . 
  that is the sad reality of war . 
  and i mean the fruit . 
  i always liked `` melons '' . 
  meursault from albert camus ' `` the stranger '' . 
  i find his passivity beyond annoying . 
  i hate the book in general ... 
  i know , it is a huge deal , bla-bla ... if you like it - enjoy it . 
  i , personally , hate it . 
  and i hate meursault !, 
  when young people started to annoy me . 
  well considering i 'm moving in 2-3 months time to learn german is a bit short . 
  but thanks anyway . 
  there is nothing wrong with my `` attitude '' . 
  i have been taking german classes since i arrived here and i do learn german , but i do have a job also . 
  i do use german in everyday life but there is just no way i could handle a serious interview or contract signing in german . 
  i saw somebody downvoted my comment implying that somebody thinks you can learn to speak a language fluently in 3 months . 
  well ... congratulations , you are a genious . 
  the sun :d and sometimes my alarm clock . 
  yay , flexible work hours !, 
  this must be one of the stupidest things ever written . 
  and i do n't mean just on reddit . 
  i have no idea what `` street smarts '' are ... 
  i only hear uneducated people use that phrase , usually when they try to argue and try to use their supposed possession of `` street smarts '' or `` life education '' as if it was an argument ... i never heard somebody with a degree bragging about their `` street smarts '' . 
  i 'm well educated and that does n't mean i do n't have real-life experiences . 
  now , i do n't think people without degrees are lesser in any way , not everybody is an `` academic type '' , i just do n't see how can `` street smarts '' be compared to actually becoming an expert in a certain field . 
  there are plenty of people without formal education that are successful , but they still acquired `` book smarts '' . 
  with the way science and technology are developing , it seems quite stupid not to build on the knowledge and experience we ( humans ) already have . 
  do n't eat yellow snow . 
  the correct answer is : firefly . 
  have a nice evening and see you next week . 
  maggy speaking !, 
  i mean ... in a real language ... 
  'cause i love the mongol empire and subutai bahadur was awesome !, 
  ( it would be too easy if i told what kind of sausage ... ), 
  nope, 
  justin time, 
  like with all slurs it is the way it is/was used historically . 
  the `` n-word '' , for example , comes from the latin word for `` black '' , but its history makes it an insulting thing to say . 
  can it be done without a check ? 
  popcorn . 
  oh , do n't worry !, 
  i hated organic as well . 
  just not my cup of tea . 
  i 'm a physical chemist ( phd student ) and lovin ' it . 
  anything more complex then methane is biology for me , 
  the stranger by albert camus . 
  i find meursault 's passivity irritating . 
  yes , i know , it is an important piece of literature , but i just hate it . 
  i barely forced myself to read it . 
  hmmm ... she got me actually . 
  for which i am thankful . 
  because you do n't invade oil-rich countries enough .
