  ah , yes , the mls is definitely doing better , it 's not just for 36 year old european players anymore . 
  there are some legit good players there . 
  \u0160kk ? 
  c. lefrou , p. fabry , j.-c . poignet , electrochemistry : the basics , with examples , 2012 , springer-verlag , heidelberg . 
  i was thinking the same . 
  of course the us is very powerful and prosperous , but `` the single greatest nation in the history of the world '' is so over the top that i was surprised that was greeted with cheering . 
  i mean there were civilizations dominating their known world ( what they could reach at that point in history ) for many centuries , inventing things like philosophy , mathematics , military strategy , iron casting ... heck , how much of our modern vocabulary comes from latin and greek !, 
  i would 've expected that such a statement will be met with mockery . 
  the word `` vampire '' , something for the icty to do for more than a decade , and novak djokovic . 
  that is really stretching the meaning of the word `` give '' . 
  like `` i gave him a bullet . 
  between the eyes . '', 
   medicine, 
  egypt !, 
   education, 
  greece ? 
  ( i suppose you mean formal ), 
   irrigation, 
  iraq ? 
   wine, 
  iraq . 
  yep . 
  jamon serrano , do n't forget jamon serrano . 
  well italy might be famous for some of these things , and the roman empire might have spread a lot of these ( even invented * some * ) , but not even closely do all these originate in italy . 
  oh , my bad then ... 
  it has been a while since i watched it . 
  and that will be our undoing ... 
  well it would be more accurate to put a russian rocket in the first segment , since it 's russian rockets that are taking stuff to space currently . 
  i have a lot of pictures with pentagrams , pentagrams on fire , and swords . 
  i was young , do n't judge me . 
  closed spaces . 
  what the word `` theory '' really means in science . 
  backstreet boys - larger than life, 
  [ apoptygma berzer-spiritual reality ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0blmcuw01ei&amp;list=plqnrrstil2k9izhgedkwwy1qhm2q5xrww&amp;index=100 ), 
  people who take pseudoscience seriously - chakras , auras , bioenergy ... 
  i just walk away . 
  `` you need help ? '', 
  it 's not the worst ... 
  answer their cell phone and have personal conversations . 
  go out goddamn it . 
  it is noisy and busy enough as it is . 
  oh , god ... 
  yeah , i definitiely need a yoghurt enema . 
  well i personally did n't have one until i moved abroad , i did n't really speak the language so the translator and navigation came more than handy !, 
  also nowadays it is much cheaper to use whatsapp , telegram , or viber than send sms . 
  * montenegrin, 
  lol, 
  cyrillic = / = russian, 
  i wish people got that finally . 
  impregnating a virgin . 
  check out this guy !, 
  he thinks trump is in for it for the people !, 
  the born billionaire who produces his clothing in china !, 
  top kek, 
  npr . 
  ne znam da li bi to bilo bolje . 
  foto ! '', 
  samo strano . 
  edit : + su, 
  to je zapisano u bibliji ... oh wait ... 
  melon , broccoli , kohlrabi , carrots , brussel sprouts , cauliflower ... hated them all , now i eat them regularly and i love it . 
  foreign from what/where ? 
  every movie is foreign somewhere !, 
  depression is just being sad and you should simply try cheer yourself up . 
  i ca n't , that 's the problem . 
  it 's like asking someone in a wheelchair to `` get out of it and just walk '' . 
  depression is not just `` feeling down '' for a longer period of time . 
  at a party . 
  i think it 's a fairly common story ... 
  i left it already , now i live in germany . 
  next ? 
  spain would be nice . 
  i miss the warm weather , also my so is from there and i 'd like to learn the language . 
  it never is . 
  people put too much pressure on themselves . 
  for me personally , the very concept of the holiday is stupid and commercial . 
  and no , i am not bitter , i have an so and we spent the day like any other sunday . 
  because they are doing something with their lives ? 
  mongol empire . 
  `` the opposition rejects a deal between kosovo and serbia reached last year , giving more powers to ethnic serbs in kosovo . 
  in december , the constitutional court decided that part of it was not in line with the constitution . 
  the opposition also rejects a border demarcation deal with montenegro and has called for a referendum or a new election . '', 
  greater albania in the making ... 
  how does one see something like that in the * architecture * ? 
  it does n't have pre-designed spaces for ~ ~ wending ~ ~ vending machines ? 
  edit : sometimes i can not english . 
  you are trying to talk sense to someone who thinks they can estimate the social mobility based on the architecture ( which in most european cities is several centuries old at least ) , you are starting a game you can not win . 
  those are probably two of the three european cities he heard about . 
  well , in berlin they would say you have a vivid * kopfkino * . 
  but muh exceptionalism !, 
  the look on his face is making it seem like this is a sexual thing . 
  8:19 , arrived to work . 
  so i 'm gon na reddit a bit more before the others arrive . 
  3d printers !, 
  you can get one for 600-700 $ !, 
  really ? 
  why so ? 
  lol , izvini . 
  pogre\u0161an thread . 
  if the serbian government knew it , the us knew it .
