  relevant username, 
  poyyy, 
  uh , ja sam odradio neki c++ kurs na coursera.org , bilo je to pre par godina i bilo je za d\u017eaba , a bio sam relativno dokon u to vreme . 
  well i am nervous about this one . 
  the serbian team is not a d , but a w team . 
  i am looking forward to se \u0106alasan though . 
  i am an expat and i still have not seen the young lad play . 
  none of the serbia players are anywhere near the a team . 
  not even the bench . 
  i was fearing a heavy loss . 
  am positively surprised . 
  more like 112 times in area ( 46 times in population , so that 's close ) . 
  not that it matters , because than russia and canada , or china and india , would be football superpowers . 
  finno -- russian relations include a history of centuries , from wars between sweden and russia in 1700s , to the planned and realized creation and annexation of the grand duchy of finland within the russian empire during napoleonic times in 1800s , to the dissolution of the personal union between russia and finland after the abdication of russia 's last czar in 1917 , and subsequent birth of modern finland , with support of the bolshevik ( soviet ) russian government . 
  finland had its own civil war with minor involvement by soviet russia , was later invaded by the ussr , and had its internal politics influenced by it . 
  avganistan . 
  sad kad si out of the closet , svejedno je . 
  bravo . 
  lol, 
  ftfy, 
  ne nadaj se . 
  seconded . 
  good video on the topic : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaez5_hfec4, 
  -1 - 0v vs. rhe . 
  yes , i would prefer to bind covalently . 
  metal-hipster ? 
  e , super je , ali bi leti bilo 10x bolje . 
  tuga . 
  po \u010demu te je podsetio na interstellar ? 
  nope . 
  no , ne praznujem ni opskurne ranohri\u0161\u0107anske egzorciste iz male azije . 
  ne vidim da sam mu sudio . 
  to je druga stvar . 
   who are we to judge ? 
  not to say in heavily immigrant countries such as the us you can easily find communities speaking almost any language . 
  zar to nije entourage ? 
  edit : nogopis, 
  da on ode stranka bi prestala da postoji . 
  can you recommend me some paper ? 
  thanks !, 
  seconded . 
  my girlfriend was in belgrade for the first time last year and these the two things she found genuinely interesting . 
  ali zato ti postuje\u0161 na / r/the _ donald u vezi zabrane ulaska muslimanima u sad , no prob . 
   we 're busy learning the 20 different cultures within america alone, 
  same user , later :, 
   you missed my point . 
  we 're half a continent . 
  you travel from la and go 2,224 km east , you 've only just made it to chicago . 
  no different language , same tv , similar food , similar history . 
  not much opportunity to learn much new . 
  ffs which one is it ???!!!, 
  pick one and stick to it . 
  pa , ne . 
  nije ni to . 
   putin has serbian in him, 
  well , he has some serbian tongues up his ass no doubt . 
  sve je ovo zapravo `` business as usual '' . 
  and also died awhile ago . 
  mozart was austrian . 
  that saying is actually with beethoven because he was german but lived and eventually died in vienna . 
  well the saying is without a doubt with beethoven . 
  i never ever heard anyone trying to claim mozart was anything but austrian . 
  horgo\u0161 is a major border crossing . 
  if it was closed it would be big news , and not just for serbia . 
  and this city was too small for both of us ... 
  umerenost . 
  - jul faza . 
  - autoritaran . 
  mentalno nestabilan . 
  + n/a, 
  bahat . 
  autoritaran . 
  + n/a, 
  + n/a, 
  - prevarant, 
  socialist pro-government multilateralist cosmopolitan libertine, 
  collectivism score : 67 %, 
  authoritarianism score : 17 %, 
  internationalism score : 67 %, 
  liberalism score : 100 %, 
  edit : ali liberalism 100 % , lol . 
  ok ... bring on the object-sexual transgender midget show !, 
  sa ` ranio se on sam nesretnik . 
  indijka : where are you from ? 
  indijka : really ? 
  you do n't look like you are from there ... 
  ja : uhm , why ? 
  indijka : you do n't look ... you know ... arab . 
  indijka : syria , right ? 
  thanks for the links !, 
  in copenhagen area , north of the city ( i work at the technical university ) , the hotel is in copenhagen , though . 
  hm ... no street view ... 
  jogurt revolucija . 
  naravno , \u0110ovani diktatore je previ\u0161e na tv-u definitivno . 
  jogurt revolucija flashbacks . 
  yugoslavia does not exist for a while . 
  the atacker is a kosovar . 
  e , tu je . 
  glasaj u oba , idi do ambasade/konzulata . 
  does not compute .
