  i mean it is the way it is . 
  i 'd say fuck it and rock it . 
  well that is a solution . 
  anyways , who cares . 
  if some people judge me that much for my hair . 
  polup ' o sam maaaaajko , pet-\u0161es ' voznih kooola, 
   i like it 's look and the sense of knowledge it gives off . 
  yeah , i thought that too . 
  but i expected to get them at an older age , when i am actually ... mmm ... i dunno ... kinda wise ? 
  well , that 's an unfortunate acronym . 
   if we keep trying to enforce liberal beliefs on those conservative, 
  nobody is enforcing liberal beliefs on anyone . 
  allowing women or gay people equal rights does not mean you ca n't be a housewife or straight . 
  you just have to be respectful to others . 
  the whole conservative `` boo-hoo i wa n't my right to discriminate '' is pure bullshit . 
  you can stay as conservative as you like , you just ca n't force others to be conservative or live by the values you want . 
  we ca n't satisfy people who expect that others live by their beliefs . 
  they will need to get over that . 
  if they do n't - i do n't care , they can live a life of bitterness . 
  not allowing someone to push me or others around is not bigotry . 
  the battles of [ sajo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_mohi ) and [ legnica ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_legnica ) . 
  the mongols wiped out two major european armies in two days while being outnumbered in both . 
  the pure ingenuity of general subutai . 
  oh , no , please no . 
  especially not a classic holywood `` based on a true story '' thing . 
  no good can come from another good guys - bad guys - america to the rescue story ... 
  because of how the media portrays these events and because people relate more to victims that are closer or more similar to them . 
  people think afghans dying is just `` normal '' . 
  that 's called collateral damage or an incident . 
  and they `` may have '' commited a war crime . 
  if this was done by russia or china they would have been demanding putin 's head , or jinping 's . 
  sigh ... i am not proud of this one . 
  limp bizkit : the chocolate starfish and the hotdog flavored water . 
  they are made out od heavier elements . 
  the gaseous ones are made out of light elements , lighter atoms such as hydrogen , helium and such , which the solar winds carried further away from the sun . 
  civilization : star wars, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaisudbjxj0 ), 
  discussions . 
  i think stupid people like to find people with who they will agree on everything . 
  smarter people like to discuss things . 
  shhhh , you are ruining the feeling of moral superiority . 
  america conducted 6000 flights in the operation against isis overall , while in 1999 against yugoslavia it was making 800-1000 daily , bringing it close to 70-80 000 overall in 78 days . 
  i do n't know how much did the russians make , but they fired a lot more than 26 missiles for sure . 
  edit : and the kurds ( like ypg ) got plenty of admiration imo . 
  to je makar plan , za sada ... 
  yep , nobody will sue a bar for getting some women in . 
  good for publicity tho , just not the good kind . 
  ok , i am not from the us , or a lawyer , but i have heard of a guy getting sued for rejecting to accept women in his male-only barber shop . 
  do you happen to know how did that case end , or why is it different ? 
  ( honestly asking , not trying to start a feminist/mra discussion thread ), 
  edit : this case right here http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3226617/barbershop-fined-750-refusing-cut-womans-hair.html, 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i added a link in the edit , it happened in pennsylvania . 
  to je i meni zasmetalo . 
  in my home town . 
  i emigrated because i had to choose between that and my career and a decent life . 
  i am fairly certain you accidentally missed a word in your post ... 
  ah ok , i see it now . 
  lol sorry, 
  it 's been reddithugged . 
  i really do n't understand why do people get upset with reddit comments . 
  i view the comment thread as i view casual conversation . 
  would you get upset during casual conversation if someone says `` yes , he is right '' ? 
  i am sometimes annoyed by some things , but calling someone out just makes you seem like a douche . 
  also , this guy is just assuming everyone is a karma whore . 
   if the week starts on monday then the weekend days are sunday and monday . 
  this makes absolutely no sense . 
  yes , but its `` weekend '' , the week 's end , not `` weekends '' . 
  weeks are not like sticks , in the sense there is a direction to how time flows right ? 
  the week has a beginning , and an end . 
  there must be a another explanation . 
  not getting up earlier . 
  i love it when i get up early , except the actual act of getting out of bed . 
  letting that fart out . 
  not that i do it , it 's just hard . 
   that 's why you learn to control your asshole enough that you can make any fart silent , then , you crop-dust by the guy i hate at work . 
  it becomes a sport . 
  ftfy, 
  the usa is the number one threat to stability in the world . 
  he is ridiculous . 
  i though he could afford some pr people with all that money . 
  nope , they did ok . 
  it 's just that some things are so bad you ca n't spin them around . 
  people like you make me wan na vote for stalin just to see you in a gulag . 
  yeah , this should have a comeback . 
  god , zilla ... 
  so you created this account to leave 4 mean comments and have negative overall karma . 
  you must be a very sad person . 
  find someone who will give you a hug . 
  so ... what 's your diagnosis ? 
   mezoterapije, 
  hvala . 
  subutai je legenda . 
  i was just wondering how have i never heard that a serbian is a major criminal figure in south africa . 
  although krejicer does n't sound serbian at all . 
  the frequency of single life sex . 
  for most people it happens much more often while in a relationship . 
  in movies/tvs it is always portrayed the other way around . 
  make a rock flip over . 
  spartak ljig is a lower division serbian club named after spartak subotica ( who plays in the first serbian division , btw ) .
