  because so far you only cite your grandma . 
  how do you `` know '' all these `` details '' about yugoslav politics , yet you have no clue even when or where was your grandpmother escaping from ? 
  these are some of the most basic details of this story you are telling that you claim happened to your grandmother ... do you not discuss this during your daily incorporation of your yugoslav identity into your routine ? 
  being american does n't make you retarded but making outrageous historical claims without evidence by quoting your meemaw definitely does . 
  since you are so yugoslav , i expect to continue the conversation in serbocroatian !, 
  yep . 
  jbg kvalitet nije do mene . 
  ako te interesuje overi kanal : https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucutaetsucokj0h_gaztwt0q, 
  it 's classified . 
  if you really mean expressions and not proverbs , the definitely `` vukojebina '' . 
  it is so descriptive and only exists in serbian afaik . 
  vukojebina - loosely translated `` where the wolves fuck '' , meaning a remote , rural place . 
  novo !, 
  akcija !, 
  nova tradicionalna zastava !, 
  it 's not like that ever backfired . 
  it 's safe especially if you loudly proclaim everywhere and to everyone you are an american . 
  also , if you get into any sort of misunderstanding just threaten to call the american embassy . 
  people will appreciate you standing up for yourself and will and be fearful of uncle sam who got your back . 
  it is absolutely dangerous to rent from locals , so i woudld exercise my right to bear arms in all situations ( american law    serbian law , in any case ) . 
  just insist on paying in dollars , the local money ai n't worth shit . 
  sometimes the locals will reject money because it is a custom of fake-modesty , but just push it on them until you take it . 
  just shout loudly `` dollars , dollars , american dollars '' until they understand . 
  while spending time in serbia , it would be nice if you explained to as many people as possible why and how kosovo should be independent and how serbians should just let it go . 
  i mean it was inhabited by ancient illyrrian / albanians since the dawn of time . 
  with this you will help serbians catch up with the world and do serbia a great favor and also make tons of friends who will enjoy hearing things from a different perspective !, 
  enjoy yout stay and thank you for coming !, 
  also local girls are super into americans , but since serbian tv has really old tv shows you should probably get into some older style and you 'll get scores of pussy . 
  try sth like backtreet boy , or even cosby style . 
  ne , ne ... to je za gulag/goli otok . 
  ne , ne ... nato !, 
  npr . 
  morava ili ibar , eventualno . 
  the iea projects that renewables will contribute over 2/3 of the global energy capacity expansion by 2020 and thus elevating the share of energy generation from 22 % in 2013 to over 26 % in 2020 . 
  the two main driving technologies behind this rise are onshore wind and solar photovoltaics15 , , . 
  some of the most ambitious estimates even state that it would be possible to achieve that all new additions to the global energy capacity until 2030 would be wws sources , with a complete conversion by 2050 , as no economic or technological , but only social and political obstacles exist to this goal13 . 
  the imperative of implementing renewable energy is also reinforced by cost trends - fossil fuels are becoming more expensive to extract , as for most resource types operators are forced to exploit from smaller or more challenging reservoirs ( although this effect is somewhat dampened by technological improvements ) . 
  on the other hand , cost reductions were the norm for wind power and photovoltaics due to technological advances and plentiful suitable sites for implementation9 . 
  the replacement of fossil fuels in the electricity supply , however , is not followed at the same rate in the end-use sectors , where it is significantly more difficult to replace coal , gas , and oil9 . 
  therefore , the implementation of renewable energy in energy-demanding end-use sectors , such as transportation and heating/cooling is of great significance, 
  reference :, 
  9 - world energy outlook 2015 , international energy agency , iea publications , paris , france , 2015 . 
  13 - m.z. 
  jacobson , m.a. , delucchi , energy policy , 2011 , 39 , 1154-1169 . 
  15 - renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation , intergovernmental panel on climate change , unep , 2012 . 
  23 - wind in power , european statistics 2014 , ewea , 2015 . 
  in the year 2008 , 12.9 % of the world 's overall energy consumption was provided by wws sources . 
  the power capacity of renewable sources in the world is estimated to have increased by 128 gw in 2014 alone ( of which ca 37 % is wind , 33 % solar , and 25 % hydro ) , and contributed close to half of all the worlds energy additions8 . 
  in fact , as a result of growing energy demand , as well as concerns over local pollution issues , china , india , brazil , and other developing countries account for about 2/3 of the expansion of renewable energy sources in 2015 , china alone contributing  40 % . 
  8 - energy and climate change , world energy outlook special report , iea , 2015 . 
  medium-term renewable energy market report 2015 , international energy agency , iea publications , paris , france , 2015 . 
  yeah but those are ethnic hungarians born in romania , not immigrant from hungary . 
  not the real subutai bahadur . 
  finish my dissertation . 
  10 days to go ... 
  melania trump is the one on the left . 
  80tih je nuklearni program bio vrlo ambiciozan . 
  npr . 
  engleska vikipedija ... 
  po prvi put ovog leta posetio baltik . 
  overall 7/10 . 
  kontam istorijski grad i tako to , ali ne 'm pojma . 
  kako je bilo ? 
  kondome . 
  ukurac . 
  thomas salbey se zove lik . 
   da bi oni mogli dobiti iskustvo , zaraditi , kupiti stan , i da se `` climb the ranks '' . 
  yeah , this checks out ... 
  so care to explain the situation with kosovo ? 
  is it red because of serbia ? 
  because serbia produces cars but kosovo in itself definitely does n't . 
  if so , why do you have the border drawn ? 
  as i see in the blog post sometimes it is treated separately , sometimes not ( like the refugee map ) . 
  do n't worry it does n't export anything . 
  true that . 
  it is suitable . 
  just know that if a girl named `` soraja '' starts chatting you up - she 's a professional and you will have to pay her . 
  u je metro . 
  ko je to nama no\u0107io sa mr. kitchenom ? 
  [ front line assembly - provision ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=755roefx-oa&amp;index=5&amp;list=plqnrrstil2k9izhgedkwwy1qhm2q5xrww ), 
  [ front line assembly - digital tension dementia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajypigsnray&amp;list=plqnrrstil2k9izhgedkwwy1qhm2q5xrww&amp;index=6 ), 
  [ skinny puppy - vyrisus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqt7uhtly0u&amp;list=plqnrrstil2k9izhgedkwwy1qhm2q5xrww&amp;index=16 ), 
  dude , this is not just * mildly * interesting . 
  overi malo ovaj sub : https://www.reddit.com/r/eatcheapandhealthy/, 
  odakle ti to ? 
  na primer : http://sportsanddrugs.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceid=004420, 
  `` since the founding of the world anti-doping agency in 1999 , namely from the olympic games in sydney all american athletes are tested the same as all the other athletes . 
  today , there is the world anti-doping code adopted and ratified by all countries of the world and therefore the rules are the same for everyone . '', 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  yes , one would guess so . 
  big companies are generally more international . 
  at this point she would probably be quite flexible in regards to the actual position . 
  could you say what would be a good start to look for jobs in copenhagen , e.g. , websites , groups or newsletters with job openings ? 
  i learned i got the job at dtu a couple of days ago , and i do n't know anyone who worked in denmark ... 
  hey , thanks for the answer !, 
  yeah i figured so . 
  however , she also speaks german , spanish , portuguese , and italian so it 's not just english she can work with . 
  edit : sorry for yelling the first sentence . 
  she has a master 's degree , and actually it 's english culture studies or sth like that , so yeah , she also studied history , culture , and whatnot . 
  that 's what i meant .
