  tl dr : bullshit news + standard new age nonsense . 
  please stop , i am facepalming reading your posts and my face hurts already . 
  literally every piece of climate science confirms that climate change is real , man-made , and serious . 
  read the reports from the iea , the un , iaea , ... 
  while i do n't identify as a feminist myself , reading reddit i would like to point out :, 
  ** cherry-picked posts from facebook and tumblr = / = feminism **, 
  ko ga jebe . 
   and all those reports will not convince me otherwise, 
  well , if you dismiss them without reading then there is no point arguing . 
  just be aware that there is a real world outside your head . 
  your friend is gulag material . 
  mario balotelli . 
  once best young player , today deciding between china and crotone at 25 . 
  mostly because nobody thinks he can be a serious professional . 
  wan na put some money on it ? 
  so , whats `` in a few years '' for you ? 
  fks ponos nizije !, 
  how do exchange rates work for currency . 
  elevators . 
  being kind of claustrophobic there has to be a way to exit always . 
  fuck being stuck in an elevator . 
  because this story is so true that op hopes it will get karma . 
  pants with the lowered crutch . 
  wtf is up with looking like you shat yourself ? 
  nope , i just like the history of the mongol empire . 
  my horoscope says ... 
  misli\u0161 kalcone ? 
  4.9 million native speakers , 2.5 million monolingual . 
  wow , this is really interesting . 
  [ c , c , c ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/3h5pe45fm9qum/giphy.gif ), 
  jovanovi\u0107 is pretty much like `` smith '' or `` jones '' in terms of frequency . 
  you can not say much based on this . 
  would not recommend jovanovi\u0107 . 
   we do not have this kind of problem with any other neighbors of ours , with the exception of greece, 
  huh ? 
  you have like 5 posts about the `` albanization of macedonia '' . 
  bad trolling , learn how reddit works . 
  we can see your post history . 
  a nice breakfast . 
  thinking about food i like gets me out of bed easily !, 
  i really dislike some traditional german female names , like gudrun , wiebke , birgit , and such . 
  those all sound like names of trolls . 
  sounds like you have a lot of problems with a lot of people ... 
  good . 
  then you have a problem with about 0.1 % of serbians . 
  thanks and goodbye . 
  you can show yourself out . 
   forcefully asserted yourselves onto us, 
  seriously , nobody gives a crap about fyrom around here ... 
  i have spent a lot of time in macedonia , bcs my parents have a friend from ohrid and we went there for the summer like 4/5 times . 
  i have never met a macedonian as antagonistic as you . 
  most people were super nice , almost everyone , even the younger generation at least understood serbian , and a lot of people spoke it fluently , watched serbian movies , listened to serbian music ... 
  i never felt any negativity . 
  in fact people often complained about greece denying the name , and bulgaria denying the existence of the macedonian language and basically considering macedonians to be confused bulgarians . 
  i have literally never met anyone with viewpoints like yours . 
  because of all this i am really wandering where the hell do you get all this attitude towards serbia and glorification of bulgaria . 
  i am only assuming you are either a troll , 12/13 years old , or you are being an agitator . 
  anyway it would be great if you could grab your high-flying ideology and float the fuck away . 
  no , not serbs . 
  macedonians . 
  and people here are only trolling you because of your attitude . 
  you make it sound as if serbians universally hated you or something , while 99 % of serbians do not even think or care about macedonia , let alone obsess about assimilating it . 
  macedonians are also universally friendly in my experience . 
  you are inventing a problem where there is none . 
  the problem is you are spending too much time on the internet . 
  go play outside . 
  100 % real . 
  from 5th century b.c. 
  as if [ map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1s0gtu8.gif ) of the great serbian empire that serbian macedonia was a part of . 
  this is fact . 
  history . 
  you can not change it even if you want to . 
  hahaha , you say the empire of alexander the great is macedonian but everyone knows he was a serb . 
  you steal serbian history, 
  and boast with it . 
  pathetic . 
  laugh all you want . 
  that ca n't change facts . 
  and no , not just that , you falsify all of history !, 
  proof : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3d8vuvlzbo, 
  you , boy , are really special , 
  `` bulgarian '' empire !, 
  bulgars were barbaric mongol tribes . 
  again stolen serbian history !, 
  bulgarians were cattle herders for the glorious serbian emperors . 
  macedonia will soon be albania and bulgaria turkey ( erdoganistan ) lest you repent your sins in front of your serbian overlords . 
  there is no macedonia . 
  only serbia , greece and temporary buffer zone ( fyrom ) . 
  macedonia was glorious in the days when it was greek . 
  also when it was serbian . 
  now independent it 's sad . 
  maybe it will be better albanian . 
  kosovo is temporary . 
  like fyrom . 
  1000 years is nothing in the life of a true serb . 
  the eternal serbian state is above all . 
  edit : and why so much hate towards albanians ? 
  you guys are closely related . 
  the language is almost the same . 
  same facial characteristics , same traditions .
