  ` scuse my croatian . 
  nema tu neke prevelike mudrosti . 
  ada ciganlija ( cool je imati to u sred grada ) 3 . 
  to je to . 
  \u0160to misli\u0161 da je to tolika nepravda ? 
  science guy , loves sports . 
  science . 
  liking watching things about space stuff is nothing like actually liking science . 
  research in most areas requires a huge amount of sitting behind a computer , processing raw data , and just reading what other people did , a lot of meetings and discussions . 
  you should have a good command of english . 
  transparentnost ? 
  ne pi\u0161e . 
  my publications . 
   i just copied and pasted a title from another post i saw without reading it . 
  i assumed they were all the same . 
  i guess i was wrong . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  like , i could half-understand if karma points were worth money or something , but this is ridiculous . 
  we all do . 
  are you seriously arguing that hitting someone with your car ( even the mirror ) is `` worth it '' if you can shave of a meter ? 
  rade do 13h ) . 
  no , from what i 've seen they are all in the range of neoliberal/far-right capitalist/anarcho-capitalist ideologies . 
  they are not romantic hippies trying to make a utopia . 
  in this process they talk to the serbian and croatian police in a tone along the lines of `` i am a citizen of liberland , you have no power over me you corrupt primate '' . 
  some of the things they are doing are not just naive , but also illegal . 
  best case - their `` dream '' is ended regular police , worst case - saj , or someone like that . 
  there is quite a difference between being skeptical and a conspiracy theorist . 
  speak for yourself ... it 's cool if you 're a lizard-man . 
  upravo to , on ima prava da prodaje i za 1000 . 
  forever !, 
  yep , there are actually busy streets where i am not used to pressing the button because someone else always does , you can literally forget about it . 
  then i get pissed at myself when i do n't press it at some more frequent times just to end up standing there like a fool . 
  i really wonder where this comes from ... 
  guinea-bissau , equatorial guinea , guinea , maybe even guyana is related ... 
  edit : iliti za kolonije, 
  ili mislis da je sad zatvoreno trziste ? 
  to bi bilo vi\u0161e `` a la dprk '' . 
  it 's not like it would matter . 
  sad , sad things are happening in turkey . 
  if turkey goes down the islamic - neo osmanist path completely , that will be a game-changer in the middle east . 
  yes , even basic knowledge of chemistry is extremely useful . 
  captain corelli 's mandolin . 
  i am not very fond of romance novels , but i actually enjoyed the book . 
  i was completely shocked that nicolas cage was cast to play to play captain corelli , who is a silly , italian womanizer in the book . 
  totally wrong actor for the role . 
  and the movie addresses the italian occupation of the greek island very shallowly . 
  a complete pile of shit of a movie . 
  nato bombing of yugoslavia1999 , overthrowing the milosevic dictatorship in october 2000 . 
  `` italy has been letting migrants through to germany and france for years now with no major problems * reported by the media * . '', 
  ftfy, 
  just type `` italy refugee riot '' in youtube . 
  omg i was about to ask is this some reference/pun i do n't get or what !, 
  it 's ridiculous how many times i saw this ... 
  you mean tertles . 
  my guess : ice bath after boiling ? 
  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpv6u7cmceo, 
  i love how the channel is called `` mummy andme '' with three videos of her and her dad . 
  mummy opted out it seems ... 
  yep , we hugged it . 
  2 broke girls . 
  it was ok for a while , but now it 's the same jokes over and over again . 
  when i realized my anxiety dissorder is completely out of control and i can not just run away from things that make me uncomfortable anymore . 
  being buried after an earthquake ( or something like that ) without an ability to move is something that terrifies me beyond words . 
  i would rather die than spend any longer period of time like that . 
  literally . 
  the hate is real there . 
  it 's hard . 
  i quit , then i get drunk and smoke again . 
  idiotic . 
  toast with jam and cheese , 
  i do n't have one . 
  but when i was a teenager i had a dvd with the labelled `` keto -- enol tautomerisation '' . 
  nobody ever found out . 
  the cylons . 
  i hope you are a troll . 
  you would think the yanks learned something from libya . 
  gaddafi was not great , but now the situation is catastrophic . 
  unless a shitfest is exactly what the us wants ... wait ... 
  the cold war never stopped . 
  it 's just that nato was on an unopposed offensive 1991-2008 . 
  so you 're saying they will only serve their own interest ?!, 
  that is going to be a huge contrast to the us policy !, 
  i did not say americans were behind libya , but that they could learn from it . 
  but again you just comment , you do n't read what you comment on . 
  it 's ok to misunderstand . 
  it 's not ok to insult instantly . 
  chemtrails and haarp mind control ,, 
  astrology , homeopathy , applied palm reading , the history of the lizard overlords , yeti anatomy , flying saucer avionics , alchemy , the philosophy of sarah palin , healing with crystal energy , rhetorics : how to win every argument with a `` straw man '' , woodoo theology , scientological theology , and of course creationism . 
  shooting a car so that it explodes, 
  self-bukkake ? 
  i 'm gon na enter this high-security building through the roomy and totally unsecured air wents . 
  i shat myself a bit during sleep . 
  izvorno . 
  that sad face makes me think you tried and got dissapointed . 
  thats on the master of idiocy ( mi ) course . 
  looking for nessie . 
  got anything apart from sarcasm ? 
   rebels are calling for democracy , isis is calling for islamic revolution . 
  not really , a lot of the rebels are also islamic , just `` moderate '' .
