to me this makes little sense . 
  punk is about rebellion and the rejection of the accepted social standards . 
  that taqwacore stuff , `` islamic '' punk etc. 
  seems like an oxymoron . 
  punk is punk . 
  the concepts of `` christian '' punk , `` islamic '' punk make no sense to me . 
  i feel bad for people not being able to express themselves the way they would want to though ... 
  i was getting my hungarian citizenship , and i realized that there are two kinds of oath you can take when formally receiving your papers , a religious and a secular one ( an affirmation ) . 
  not being religious and coming from a quite clerical country , this was a pleasant surprise . 
  well done hungary !, 
  the fact that it 's just a pose for some people does not change the root idea of the subculture . 
  unfortunately everything is commercialized nowadays , including punk . 
  does not exist . 
  back in college , one day my roommate said he 's going to introduce me to his new girlfriend . 
  the second she walked in we got super awkward , because she used to be really into me and was hitting on me up until a few months ago ( i had a different roommate then ) even though i had a girlfriend . 
  eventually he found out and started acting all super macho around me and complaining ( especially in her presence ) about everything i did and trying to refute everything i said . 
  also , he started acting really weird around my girlfriend , like constantly mentioning anything i did wrong or any situation i was n't right about something . 
  to put it simply , he started acting like a real dick . 
  we stopped talking , the situation got worse and worse for a couple of months and i moved away , to my relief . 
  i still get pissed just thinking about that douche . 
  clicking a pen . 
  every time i hold one and i 'm not using it . 
  really annoys people . 
  she 's lying , she never liked me as your boyfriend and she trying to tear us apart . 
  i would never do that baby . 
  because it would be horrible if a mother scratched her vagina while taking care of her child who is in pain . 
  mongolian hordes crushing everyone who tries to resist . 
  the ability to contemplate our own origins and existence , if you think about it , its mind-blowing . 
  material beings contemplating the origin of matter , life and consciousness ... 
  well i imagine people in the uk do n't really have a bone to pick with germany , but i heard some pretty bad things being said about her . 
  especially from greece , other balkans countries etc. 
  it 's obvious the reasons are financial , but i was hoping somebody could answer more specifically about what aspect of her politics is controversial ( for some at least ) . 
  good booze , easy chicks & my favorite food . 
  lots of it !, 
  people always say `` alcohol is not the solution '' . 
  that 's bullshit !, 
  alcohol solves most things , just in a really short term . 
  a fellow chemist ? 
  nice . 
  yes , we know how to turn any alcohol into a solution . 
  salmiak !, 
  disgusting thing ... 
  anything and everything from paulo coelho - shit happens for a reason . 
  well , all of coelho 's works , actually ... read one book from him - you 've read them all !, 
  he always has the same message . 
  i mean , i read 4 of his books ( after the whole the alchemist fad ) so i ca n't guarantee it 's all of them , but he is pretty boring overall . 
  imo he is one of the most overrated writers of our time . 
  albert camus ' stranger . 
  i mean ... 
  i know it 's a classic , but mersault just annoys me . 
  i know some of you are gon na hate me for this , but it is how i feel about it ... 
  it usually works the other way around op . 
  well , you could n't quite have that in a solid or liquid state , because the electrostatic force would make it impossible to keep that amount of charge together . 
  we would have to hold them together as plasma in an electromagnetic field , and they would look like plasma . 
  it it not literally `` admired '' , but many ( especially dudes ) think it is awesome . 
  after watching one or two documentaries about the industry i honestly think it 's depressing , risky , robs you of even the possibility of a personal life and stigmatizes you for life . 
  well , plasma is ionized gas . 
  kind of what happens to air during a lightning - air gets ionized and glows , as long as the electric current passes through it . 
  the sun is also a giant ball of plasma , as are all stars . 
  as far as man-made plasma goes , you can find some nice clips on youtube . 
  plasma is actually the most common state of matter in the universe ( far more common than gas , and especially solids or liquids ) so it exists in quite a variety of states . 
  louis theroux has one as well . 
  louis theroux does porn from the weird weekends series . 
  as far as overall performance goes ( sound + energy + visual + connecting with the audience ) , and if you are at all into metal , particularly industrial metal - rammstein !, 
  well , there 's a bunch of chemicals you can buy perfectly legally and then make absolutely illegal stuff from them . 
  source : chemist, 
  my friends brother is a real asshole , and i said this plainly in front of their mother , adding that one of these days i will slap his grin of his face ... right after her m.sc . 
  defense ... 
  he was not there ... 
  basically , i `` forgot '' they had the same mother as she is a nice and smart person , while he is an aggressive , parasitic , petty criminal who insulted me because of my ethnic origin on several occasions . 
  still , the moment i said it was clear to me that i am the asshole in that situation ... 
  it depends on the temperature of the plasma . 
  if it is a relatively cold plasma ( e.g. 
  created by electron beams ) then yes , at least to a degree . 
  but not in a high-temperature plasma . 
  the kinetic energy of individual particles would be too high to create solid salt . 
  it should be also noted that a plasma containing na + or cl - would actually be an ionized gas in which a bunch of different species would exist like cl - , cl , cl2 - ( at very high t ) , free electrons etc. 
  their numbers would be determined statistically from the ionization-recombination equilibrium . 
  but , in general , we could create plasma in which cl - or na + are the dominant species . 
  there was n't one particular moment . 
  i was brought up catholic , but i was never a catholic in the real sense , i.e. 
  believing in the dogmas of the church . 
  around high school i started `` looking '' for a religion for myself . 
  i read about buddhism , hinduism , judaism , aaaand some quite `` exotic '' belief systems . 
  when i started university , i finally just accepted the description `` atheist '' for myself . 
  it was more of a process , then a moment , but the first time i really said `` hey , yeah , i 'm an atheist '' was , as i remember , after listening to dawkins on youtube ... 
  i did n't become an atheist then , just realized it 's a good word to describe myself . 
  i have my little fantasy world . 
  wars , diplomacy and political games in space . 
  i have been imagining it since i was a kid . 
  every night . 
  seems a little weird when i write it down like this though ... 
  the same with me . 
  i am always amazingly smart and witty under the shower . 
  i knew the capitals of all the countries in the world in elementary school . 
  i forgot many , but i still know most , but i have no idea what to do with the fact that i know the capital of e.g. 
  namibia or papua new guinea . 
  wow , man !, 
  it , of course , depends what you do now , but they are very important in general . 
  agriculture .
