  i have to rush to another room !, 
  hm , well ... a full-blown world war would probably send us back to the bronze age , if not wipe us from the face of the earth . 
  from such a cataclysm if we survive as a species , a new society could rise that is free of the problems and conflicts we have today . 
  however , i would really prefer to avoid wwiii . 
  superstition . 
  yeah , the cards show you the future . 
  yeah , i totally respect your opinions and beliefs . 
  threaten to disown me for refusing to come home for the weekend . 
  i was at university and had a lot to study , and i never did a lot of studying when i went home , plus , they wanted to go on a trip to visit my grandmothers . 
  they made all these plans and told my granmas i 'm coming to visit without ever informing me , let alone ask me if its ok , up until a week before when they just told me : come home next weekend . 
  it was not any holiday or any special day either . 
  aksed me again a few days later , i give the same answer : `` i can not '' . 
  `` but we already made plans and told everyone you are coming !!! '' . 
  `` why would you do that without even asking me can i or do i want to ?!, 
  '' ... you get the picture . 
  this was n't their first time behaving like this either , treating me like i am a fucking coat that you put on a hanger , and take it off when you need it . 
  anyways , it got to the point where they told me if i do n't come , i can never come again and i should never even call them again . 
  i had it with that shit during the years . 
  i did n't go . 
  we made up after a while but that was the moment i realized how batshit crazy it is to get that pissed just because your child has refused your wish . 
  that this is not a healthy parent-child relationship . 
  it was about time , i was twenty-fucking-four years old . 
  i have a good relationship with my parents , but that was kind of a breaking point in our history . 
  that fucking christmas song ... 
  just this weekend , going to the christmas market . 
  i regreted it very fast . 
  crowded , expensive , and it gets pretty boring quickly . 
  a lot og things ... 
  i have generalized anxiety disorder . 
  flying , riding the subway , going on trips , elevators ... the list is long, 
  stop opening me !, 
  leave me alone goddammit !, 
  aliens kidnap people all the time . 
  the proceeds to describe how they look down to details . 
  biology teacher in high school . 
  was weird ... 
  one of the really small things that seriously pisses me off is when there is a line in the supermarket , and the person in front of me `` takes his/her time '' like no one is waiting . 
  slowly pay , pack up in a relaxed mode , while the cashier has already scanned my stuff and i am waiting to pack . 
  i am not talking about a situation when somebody simply has a lot of things , or something happens and they need time even if they try to be efficient , i am talking about the situation when you see that the person is not even making an effort . 
  `` i 'm done , now i can relax , fuck those fuckers in the line behind me '' . 
  it is not a big deal but it 's something that really shows extreme narcissism imo . 
  are your bottles in cyrillic ? 
  gay sex . 
  if you enjoy it , good for you . 
  nope !, 
  did n't go to the school bathroom for the first three years of high school . 
  found out in the third year . 
  he also admitted he went home several times because he could n't hold it in and his mother wrote the teacher a note that he was ill . 
  i did n't call him anything . 
  he was very creepy for me . 
  often he would stare through the window the entire recess . 
  once my then-gf started talking to him ( she kinda felt sorry for him being excluded from all circles ) to which he told her a story of how he combed his dead grandfather 's hair before his funeral . 
  now from what i hear he has a facebook account and spends a lot of his time leaving commetns like `` oooh ur so hot '' & `` oh kitty is cute '' under pictures of girls . 
  edit : typos, 
  well the school bathrooms were not horrible , and you can excuse yourself to go during class when there is ( usually ) no one there . 
  everyone else went . 
  i believe you  i 'm just saying in my school they were n't that bad . 
  we never had it in serbia , but we can use the latin alphabet too . 
  that 's why i was wondering about russia . 
  what determines this ? 
  the specific country 's laws , or is it market research ? 
  people think i am a very confident person , almost to the point of being arrogant . 
  actually i suffer from anxiety and i doubt myself all the time . 
  i guess i must be overcompensating . 
  l is written as '' \u043b '' in cyrillic . 
  and the '' k ' '' sound is always written as a `` k '' , while in english latin it can be a `` k '' , or a `` c '' . 
  so it 's `` koka kola '' , actually . 
  omg , who does that ? 
  i have not seen that recently . 
  superheroes . 
  `` serbia ? 
  is that in russia ? '', 
  i 'd rather lose from time to time then be at war constantly . 
  i is plottingz , yes ... 
  yes , yes ... everyone knows . 
  time to relax . 
  put guard down , maybe ? 
  got wasted at a concert by a lake . 
  as i was out of my mind i lie down by the lake , puking periodically . 
  after what might have been an hour i realize i 'm on an ant colony . 
  i was so high i did n't feel a thing until i felt an ant crawling over my lips . 
  next morning my body was full of red patches . 
  never lie down on an ant colony people . 
  the island of zanzibar used to produce almost 90 % of cloves in the world . 
  but now indonesia leads the clove industry producing 75 % of cloves used in the world annually . 
  i do n't even know why i know this ... 
  edit : typos . 
  isis ? 
  you ca n't lick your elbow * with you hand still attached to your body . 
  in the right place . 
  * ftfy, 
  no , it was clove actually . 
  zanzibar grew me , but grows me , no more !, 
  agreed . 
  where i come from paprika has it 's place in almost every savory dish . 
  the way it 's supposed to be ... 
  vegeta and paprika ( if you allow that the thing does contain salt as an ingredient ) . 
  if you do n't know what vegeta is you need to . 
  it 's a universal food-improver . 
  hvala !,
