  i still play with the idea of god ( s ) sometimes , but in a more abstract way . 
  i am in electrocatalysis . 
  the equipment for techniques we use is available . 
  we genarally use voltammetry , chronocoulombmetry , impedance spectroscopy , eqcm , stm and afm . 
  we have colaborations through which we augment these with dft calculations and xrs . 
  the university i am at is one of the `` stronger '' ones in europe i would say , so funding is generally good . 
  i am not . 
  anything more complex than methanol is biology to me , 
  salmiak . 
  in vitro conception and gene testing in order to avoid genetic illnesses , or even choose the characteristics of your child . 
  they would just repeat it again in a few years until they got the 55 % . 
  montenegro is deeply divided on the issue of a union with serbia even today , but the independence movement had the support of significant international factors , and in a situation like that that 's all you need . 
  depends ... the baltic states are doing better for sure . 
  the '' - stans '' not really . 
  upravo tako . 
  provide enough energy for ourselves without burning dinosaur remains . 
  yeah , i actually know , i was just trying to be more dramatic . 
  you 're gon na be a daaadddyyyyy !, 
  well , fear is a subjective feeling i guess ... 
  it is about supply too . 
  even without motor vehicles we gain most of our energy from fossil fuels . 
  it is simply that they are cheap with a high energy density . 
  oil is not the only fossil fuel , electricity is not the only form of energy and canada is not the world . 
  even canada uses considerable amount of coal and gas . 
  regarding mobility , yes that is a major problem , but so is lowering the costs of generation of fuels like hydrogen . 
  several reasons :, 
  1 . the nazi killings were highly industrialized and that was something unseen up to that point . 
  they were not random senseless massacres out of hatred , but rather a part of a well thought-out plan . 
  that freaks people out up to this day, 
  the mass-murders were well documented, 
  history is written by the victors . 
  if the third reich existed today things would be different . 
  addressing the holocaust would have to be diplomatic and politically correct . 
  yeah , the big difference between the commies and the nazis is you could survive the commies by keeping your mouth shut . 
  nobody would investigate your family tree to see if you have a right to live . 
  of course , that is far from wonderful , but still ... 
  the issue is way too complicated . 
  what about regions that are close to 50-50 % , you could hold two referendums in two days with different results . 
  resources - not every piece of land is equally valuable . 
  a region can be basically uninhabited but extremely important economically/strategically, 
  3 . enclaves/exclaves - there might be detached pieces of land keen on staying with the original state, 
  4 . who is allowed to vote on a referendum ? 
  all citizens ? 
  if a region is not a state , it does n't have a defined citizenship . 
  what about citizens not living there ? 
  what about people who moved there five years ago ? 
  what about people born there but living in another city ? 
  deciding on these issues could totally change the outcomes of a referendum . 
  one state could theoretically move a bunch of its citizens to a village in a neighbouring country , annex it when they gain citizenship , and so forth ... 
  how would you define a territory in which you hold a referendum if the region is not a political entity already ? 
  you could attach to it a huge chunk of land with loyal citizens and the independence referndum fails , and vice-versa - you could carve out a chunk from an existing political entity to gain more favorable odds , similarly to that in gerrymandering . 
  it 's not even that , it 's like they wan na brick up some doors and split the house . 
  and they want the living room with the big tv you bought together . 
  nope , real : http://viewer.webproof.com/pageflip/336/169061/environmental-solutions-dtu-50.html#/page=56_57, 
  sorry but not danish ... 
  hehehe , it 's gon na be a nice test - `` lets see if dad knows what xhamster is ? '', 
  let us know how it went :d, 
  facesitting . 
  it is exactly what it sounds like . 
  it did n't . 
  it 's a collection of abstracts from a student conference on sustainability . 
  that went through my mind too, 
  in some banks you have automats that take coins and put the amount on your account . 
  some banks give you cases in which you can put coins and they give you bills . 
  just ask . 
  but you could also just spend it . 
  * not to mention how a lot of people here feel nostalgic to the days of a former dictator *, 
  which one are you talking about ? 
  ah ... well i do n't know if it is a lot of people . 
  but , yeah , those people are fuckheads . 
  it 's from baraka afaik, 
  edit : disclaimer : not oc . 
  well no , just attention-worthy . 
  everyone can be wrong , people are just answering the question . 
  oh , sorry then ... it 's hard to convey tone through writing ... 
  you would die after those several days . 
  voleo je kubanke i chivas regal, 
  seriously ? 
  the vietnam war is one of the most significant events in history ? 
  american are ya ? 
  `` great general subodai '', 
  and , hence , my username , 
  i do n't hate the us , in the sense i do n't hate american people , but i do not feel sorry for any american soldier killed in afghanistan , or iraq , or any of those places . 
  i do not feel sorry when they develop mental illness . 
  they are mercenaries . 
  they do it for money . 
  if you need to shoot people to go to college , maybe you 're not cut for college . 
  or your country sucks for making you do that for going to college and then you should be shooting your politicians , not foreigners . 
  anyway , you had it coming . 
  i might have been hasty to assume he 's american , but my point still stands : the vietnam war is not that significant on a global level . 
  ftfy, 
  a feature to help me find it when i do n't know where it is !, 
  ftfy, 
  omg , yes . 
  if i had a nickle for every time i had to explain that just because something has a long `` scary '' name it does n't make it dangerous . 
  it can be something common like sugar or baking powder . 
  and even then the looks of distrust ... 
  i am literally sick of the topic . 
  thanks for the translation , but one thing is really important , in the last paragraph it 's not until they are 6 or 8 , but `` for the children of 6 and 8 '' , and it 's since 2011 , since the divorce . 
  which chemical ( s ) would you say is a much bigger problem than the general public realizes , i.e. , the use of what substance ( s ) should we be better informed about ?
