  man , this kind of shit creeps me out . 
  ok , there are accidents , illnesses , terrorism , i can deal with that ... but the thought of some lunatic randomly murdering me creeps me out , even more than terrorists !, 
  it 's not like he has an agenda or anything . 
  he 's just gon na wack you cause you know ... he got a new gun ... 
  because rt is always propaganda but cnn and bbc always tell the truth . 
  we all know this . 
  just that they were inhabiting the americas , and now they are mostly gone . 
  we did i think all of north america in 2x45 minutes in elementary school geography , so we did n't get into details on a lot of things . 
  in high school i did n't have a lot of geography , at the uni none . 
  in other subjects i do n't remember mentioning it . 
   they 're both far more objective than rt, 
  i disagree . 
  just as you are shocked about things on rt , many people are shocked about stuff that passes through cnn which obviously serves an agenda . 
  people in the west just started hearing rt a very short time ago and never had the chance or interest to listen to russian media before . 
  ne hvala . 
  citirani . 
  npr . 
  edit : duplirao post jer sam se iznervir ` o. 
  piksi : big in japan . 
  univerzitet za sam upis ? 
  j-league , nagoya grampus eight . 
  uhm ... this is real ?!, 
  i thought it was a parody . 
  dude ... 
  i do n't even care and most people here wo n't hold it against you , but you must know serbia does n't recognize kosovo yet you show up on this sub and insist refering to it as a country , not to mention `` mitrovice '' ... 
  i do n't know ... it 's just disrespectful . 
  why are you asking for advice ? 
  you can fly to pri\u0161tina and avoid us altogether . 
  oh , my ... thank you for this . 
  zakon !, 
   the specific line he draws is when race laws started being created . 
  slavery prior to this point was organized by war , religion , debt , and other mechanisms . 
  it was the americans who introduced the principle that the color of your skin was what made you a slave . 
  thanks for the answer , this is exactly what i was thinking about . 
  slavery , repression and bigotry existed before that in europe , but it was not a `` race '' thing , rather you could n't pay off your debts , or you were captured in war , etc. 
  hvala puno na odgovoru !, 
  koristim origin . 
  it is not easy to say . 
  i think the main factor will be the deterioration of the environment . 
  simply states already have to implement non-capitalist policies to keep things more-less in line , and this will either become more pronounced in the future , or we will perish . 
  a capitalist system has no mechanisms of dealing with this kind of threat . 
  that 's two fanbases mate . 
  i love how he gives instruction to make warm water . 
  also i think he does n't know what a second is ... 
  no , i mean that the production of renewables is more often than not handled by the government from r&d to implementation , as the market favors fossil fuels because of the lower price . 
  the capitalist theory says that when the environment becomes endangered , the market will respond to this . 
  this is actually not happening and it requires states to intervene heavily even today . 
  the energy market is already not `` free '' in many countries . 
  this will get only more prominent in the future . 
  is it ok to say i knew instantly from the title this happened in the us ? 
  do people there think snow announces the apocalypse or what ? 
  yes of course there are shootings everywhere , but taking a gun to a movie theater drunk and firing it accidentally just sounds american . 
  good luck , i 'm rooting for ya !, 
  however , the soviet union bore quite a burden in the defeat of nazi germany . 
  well , the germans ended up paying for making them pay for it . 
  edit : \u0106elijama , ne '' \u017eelijama '', 
  edit : no nema tu \u0161ta da se \u010dudimo i ljutimo . 
  amd procesor bolje performanse + 2x ve\u0107i ram , 2x ve\u0107i hd vs. intel procesor, 
  nom . ), 
  pa imam . 
  i quite agree with you . 
  i posted this here for discussion . 
  i am glad not everyone reacted just by reading the description without actually watching the video . 
  socialist multilateralist humanist libertine, 
  collectivism score : 67 %, 
  authoritarianism score : 0 %, 
  internationalism score : 67 %, 
  liberalism score : 100 %, 
  to je sredstvo politi\u010dkog marketinga . 
  najja\u010de su mi ove kombinacije `` anti-goverment - interventionalist '' ili \u0161to je moja devojka dobila `` anti-government - isolationist '' . 
  australija i novi zeland su kao kanada i sad . 
  lol . 
  \u0160tedi\u0161 za \u017eenu . 
  english is definitely more spoken than russian . 
  the university of belgrade does n't have a lot of international students , orders of magnitude less than western universities , so you will meet a lot of serbians . 
  serbians are people from serbia ( that 's a nationality ) , serbs are an ethnicity . 
  you said nothing wrong , there is a distinction actually . 
  edit : formatting, 
  i do n't like the title but this is the video . 
  oh , yes !, 
  i wish there was a kotor 3 ... 
  civilization, 
  red alert ii, 
  these remind me of my childhood . 
  foto !, 
  video !, 
  zapazi da on \u010destita 2016.-u kinezima . 
  although the chinese calendar traditionally does not use continuously numbered years , outside china its years are often numbered from the reign of the 3rd millennium bce yellow emperor . 
  but at least three different years numbered 1 are now used by various scholars , making the year beginning ce 2015 the `` chinese year '' 4713 , 4712 , or 4652 . 
  no , we can only comment `` russians '' in a negative context . 
  if you imply some russian stereotype that is not being drunk , crashing cars and invading shit you are crossing a line and you will be corrected . 
  makar je lep\u0161e raditi u latex-u ... 
  eto , tako to ide . 
  to je i moj stav . 
  teixeira shocked me to be honest . 
  i know ... money ... but damn that is a move that can ruin a career !, 
  i am only thinking about if this can be returned by the huge potential fanbase ... china is a * huge * market . 
  if these are investments and not just publicity stunts , they can in fact bring more people to watch the league , increase revenues , and be a step forward on the long run . 
  people might start showing up on matches or following the teams more if their local team signs someone like ramires or teixeira . 
  yeah , but shakhtar is a rich club and they play european competitions every year ( cl usually ) , i still see this as a step back .
