  they are very loud about the lack of woman in politics and science , and rightfully so , but they still like it when someone opens the door for them , carries their bags and pays for their dinner . 
  they are shocked by the idea that if military service is obligatory for men ( in many countries it is , and in my home country too ) it should also be obligatory for woman , etc. 
  kudos for those who are not like this , but this is 90 % of the feminists i know . 
  ps : i am absolutely pro gender equality and i think people like this gave feminism a bad name . 
  i did not consider it an attack . 
  i am just saying that i understand where that misconception comes from , given that many use the title `` feminist '' very freely , as you pointed out . 
  slept with a model . 
  a really hot one . 
  i was alone on a trip in a hotel . 
  i do n't even talk about it since people did n't believe me from the first time i told the story . 
  it does sound like something people make up to brag ... but this really happened dammit !, 
  some sci-fi ? 
  it can be `` sciency '' and action-packed at the same time . 
  `` the fact that the student will likely benefit from that work years in the future does n't mean much to a kid/teenager '', 
  well you do n't have to do your homework . 
  you can always drop out and work at mcdonald 's for the rest of your life . 
  you know , the teacher already did his homework when he was in school . 
  that 's why she/he is a teacher now . 
  mongolian empire . 
  got ta love genghis khan , the man made the journey from having nothing and having to hunt for food to becoming the most powerful person on the planet at that time . 
  mongol empire is best empire !, 
  yes !, 
  this !, 
  i always try to hurry , but some people behave like they are the only ones in the world . 
  the worst thing is that when this happens , chances are that you are also going to bother the person behind you , because you wo n't have enough time to pack yourself . 
  given that its 8am here , so far it is ... 
  yes . 
  supposedly , a high-ranking austro-hungarian officer had a house in the place of my parents house . 
  it was destroyed in the bombings during wwi , and he had to flee , but could n't take all his stuff lest he was discovered ( with all the a-h insignia on his trophy weaponry and stuff ) so he buried them somewhere thinking he would return to pick them up one they , but he died trying to escape . 
  my father heard this from an old ( and now deceased ) neighbor decades ago.there is another house on that land now , new foundations were dug , new waterworks , but nothing was ever found . 
  i cringed just imagining it . 
  well , i know people who lost money but still deny they have been scammed / blame themselves even . 
  some are curved naturally , some are bent forcefully , as reddit has taught us . 
  i grew up in war-torn yugoslavia . 
  i am very thankful my parents raised me without me knowing any hatred - ethnic , religious or otherwise . 
  i mean , i have experienced it from others , but i was taught never to judge somebody like that . 
  even though times were tough , and we suffered a lot , they never taught me or my sister to hate . 
  i met nenad krstic ( former oklahoma and boston celtics center , now cska moscow & serbian national team ) while he was around 17 and playing for partizan belgrade . 
  it was before the match between spartak ( from my hometown ) and partizan . 
  the funniest thing was is that when i asked him for an autograph , no other than vlade divac ( former la lakers and sacramento kings & nba all star player ) who was the sports director of partizan at that time walks by and says :, 
  `` krle ( nickname ) , you 're giving out autographs ?!!, 
  this world has really gone to hell ! '', 
  ( laughs ), 
  for a kid from a small serbian town , well , it 's one of my favorite memories . 
  a former and a future nba player , 
  like with so many things - it would be too difficult to change it now , so we just said fuck it ... 
  i 'm from serbia , but i 'm doing a phd in germany . 
  i moved for various reasons but mostly because of better professional possibilities . 
  also , i got quite sick of the nepotism and corruption in serbia . 
  did not regret it . 
  thanks , i hope it will for you as well . 
  the prime minister of hungary has the nickname atomic vickey ( he 's name is orban viktor ) because at one point he had the briliant idea to deploy american nuclear missiles in hungary . 
  yeah ... 
  i personaly like to discuss cultural differences , but not in a critical tone ... 
  even in europe , as a european i got in some funny situations that make great anecdotes , but i definately never criticise . 
  one of the most common ones , but can make everyday life difficult ... 
  how active people are during their free time . 
  hobbies : jogging , painting , paragliding , chess , bungee-jumping , reading , parkour , tae-bo , fitness . 
  h. . . how ? 
  i 'm fairly active , but besides a full-time job and my private life it 's not easy to keep my schedule in order so i can play football ( soccer ) 2 times a week , and get to my krav maga classes ( and have the energy for that ) . 
  t w o !, 
  oh yeah , i also read on the subway . 
  is that not common knowledge ? 
  i learned about the countries in africa in the 7th grade ... 
  exactly . 
  for the most of recent history they were not able to effectively defend themselves , so they were an easy target . 
  jews are good at existing . 
  ex pushed me into a river with phone and wallet in pockets . 
  thats what you get when you stick your dick in crazy . 
  sleep with your blinds open !, 
  it is much easier to get up when you let the daylight into your room !, 
  this saved my life . 
  stupid `` challenges '' on youtube like `` the cinnamon challenge '' where people can get potentially sick/hurt for a little bit of `` internet-fame '' . 
  high school ... sometimes i 'm nostalgic about those simple times , but then i remember all the stupid stuff i worried and cared about and i realize my life is waaaaay better now . 
  californication : atticus fetch, 
  if he counts as `` supporting '' ... tim minchin is fucking brilliant !, 
  my anxiety disorder . 
  hang in there . 
  i was like that , i 'm still not completely fine , but i have fun now ... 
  it gets better !, 
  if you do n't want to be overweight do n't live the lifestyle of an overweight person . 
  i stopped drinking soda , stopped eating fast food ( especially in the evening ) , found some physical activities that i find fun , so i do n't have to force myself to be active . 
  and patience !, 
  its not gon na happen over night , in two weeks , or a month . 
  you have to be patient to see results . 
  magic cures tend to have a yo-yo effect , it 's a lifestyle change that will provide a permanent solution to the problem . 
  for me , as a claustrophobic : trapped forever in a small place without the ability to move . 
  source : have mustache, 
  kkk hoodie and you 're done . 
  how do people in cambodia view those times ? 
  is pol pot unequivocally condemned today ? 
  are there any massacre-deniers or such ? 
  oh , come on !, 
  you have to tell us what her answer was !, 
  666 , spread panic and freak christians out for a year . 
  this is almost ten years old !, 
  do n't we have enough current horrifying news from the middle east ? 
  only a sith deals in absolutes . 
  genocide in which albanians now make up 95 % of the population and serbians and non-albanians , especially romani , live in enclaves under 24h armed protection . 
  yeah ...
