  and some of them were never independent or nations . 
  you are dead, 
  with uk if they make another paella with chorizo, 
  no , it 's not , in spanish constitutional law nationality it 's not the same as a nation , and the article says that andalucia is an autonomous community in the nation of spain , and it makes a mention of the union of the nation of spain . 
  getting into a `` marr\u00f3n '' a brown one , or if it 's a very big problem `` marronazo '', 
  in which article ? , i have just looked it up and it says that andalucia as an historical nationality take the form of an autonomous comunnity , not a nation . 
  it even says that andalucia take the form of an autonomous community within the unity of the spanish nation . 
  the basque country , catalonia , galicia and i think that a small region called bierzo wants to be free too . 
  none, 
  i think that it 's weird to have ancestral pride , but i do n't think that it 's a sin or particulary care about it . 
  and i would n't care if an american with spaniard heritage tried to learn more about the country or their ancestors , even if he did n't take time to study the language , or the culture or tried to visit . 
  most people would n't care or would feel flattered for the interest . 
  the `` sin '' , at least in my eyes would be an american with ancestral pride because of his heritage , who would try to tell us what it 's to be a spaniard withouth having living here or knowing anything . 
  in spain , they are breakfast food , chocolate con churros it 's very popular and there are churrer\u00edas in every town . 
  i think the majority of the country loves their mother 's tortilla de patata, 
  sin, 
  argentina , or chile . 
  my mom 's tortilla de patata, 
  we have a special holiday for teachers . 
  i think that it 's illegal but everyone does it . 
  and a blowjob is a french . 
  same , although with less smoking . 
  i think that all the conquistadores are very dislike in south america while in spain are not as disliked , like columbus , hern\u00e1n cort\u00e9s , pizarro . 
  view ? 
  there are swimming pools . 
  the only touchy subject is to ban the private ones while in a draught . 
  i want to see it , i like the stories of selfless heroism or normal people and dunkirk was full of that . 
  you are totally right, 
  yes , but islamist terrorists ruined it even more , and it 's a shame . 
  it 's a tradition to take a siesta while looking the tour . 
  my cousin was a teacher in an area with a lot of gypsies , and the first thing she did every morning was to call a few mothers to threaten to call the police if they did n't send their kids to school . 
  another friend of mine told me that her school has to implement a rule that you could n't go to the school cafeteria to have a free meal if you did n't attend school because a lot of mothers only sent the kids to get lunch . 
  it 's a cultural problem because they totally despise education , even here that 's totally free . 
  and it 's tragic becase good students that have guaranteed state grants ca n't go to college because their parents take them out once they end the obligatory schooling . 
  and i am generalizing and talking only about `` traditional '' or `` non integrated '' gypsies . 
  there are a lot of gypsies that you ca n't tell that they are because they are no differences . 
  yes , in my town there are two gypsies neighborhoods . 
  there are kind of two groups the integrated ones , that you ca n't tell they are gypsies . 
  and the not integrated ones who you can tell that they are because the girls have a lot of kids very young , dress in a certain manner , and still walk behind their men . 
  some are good some are bad . 
  they have little influence and a real problem for finding young people who want to be priests or nuns . 
  if only we could take the good things about diversity , like food , songs , literature , languages , different skin , and banish things like misoginy , littering and religion extremism . 
  i must admit i thought that the number of refugees quota was much larger , like in the hundred of thousands . 
  i think that you have probably changed my mind . 
  although we still have a wall in melilla to stop african inmigration . 
  i despise all political parties of my country , they are all or corrupted or retarded . 
  because we have a lot of unemployment and we are overcharging our social services . 
  if we accept mass inmigration of refugees we will have more unemployment and more overcharged social services . 
  it 's a shame but i that 's how it is . 
  madrid , because i hate pollution and big cities . 
  the south because i hate the heat , and the coast because i do n't like the sea . 
  but other kind of brown people , there are not many hindus . 
  i live in a small town with zero hindus . 
  i do n't think there are many stereotypes in spain about hindus , or if many people can differentiate between them and arabs . 
  corruption , stupid wars , the awful austrians and the horrible borbons . 
  i think that there are a lot of racism against gypsies , some against arabs , a little less against southamericans , and practically inexistant against chinese people . 
  in that order . 
  some hunters feed prey , so it 's easy to hunt it , but i do n't know if it 's legal or not . 
  some wild foxes come around camping sites so people feed them , . 
  and there are a few species of birds that are very used to people and go to camping sites to feed on scraps . 
  the deers and boars are a plague in my area and steal from vegetable gardens , too . 
  i do n't know any . 
  in my town the one who make the kebabs are moroccan, 
  most of the time , they are very friendly people who are there to help . 
  they have a twitter profile which is hilariously full of emoticons, 
  we have : vaselina ( vaseline ) , taper ( from tupperware ) , superglue , hula hoop , frisbee and google too . 
  we have so very few wolves , lynxs and bears that if i ever saw one in the wild i would be in awe instead of feeling in danger . 
  ( maybe not with the bears ) . 
  our boars do n't normally attack people when you find them hiking . 
  we have vipers , and scorpions , ticks , bees , wasps , milipedes and all of them are painful but not lethal . 
  i have never tasted it , or known anyone that tried it . 
  so it 's more indiference than hate, 
  no , at least you want to count gibraltar as a greater spain , but then maybe morocco should say something about ceuta and melilla, 
  the salt , the umbrella and the mirror ones are the same than in spain, 
  i was told that if you have a buzz in either of your ears someone is telling bad things about you, 
  and the smallpox, 
  i did n't know that you fight against us , since recently . 
  i am interested in that part of history . 
  i have never meet a north american native , i think that you are just people doing your thing like everyone else . 
  there are some in the woods near my town , my stepdaughter is a pro finding them and eating all before anyone notice . 
  i think that you have to talk bad about f\u00e9lix rodr\u00edguez de la fuente or something as bad as this . 
  test me, 
  better than that teaching your kids that gays go to hell and evolution is a falsehood, 
  i am very happy that the religious weirdos have to send their kids to school , and that homeschooling is illegal in my country . 
  and i do n't think that your pro homeschooling links have any validity . 
  i mean , as far as i know german are not known for being subtle , but poetic ? 
  it 's the land of goethe , rilke , schiller , heine ... 
  a czech shower in spain , it 's when you splash yourself in a small puddle of water , or a bucket . 
  ba\u00f1o checo . 
  the annual disaster was pretty bad too, 
  spanish civil war . 
  my sister had a very stupid galician nationalist boyfriend who called us `` los castellanitos '' , and thought that all people from burgos southwards were bad people . 
  so these are the things i used to tell him to bother him : - galician is a dialect of spanish ( i know it 's not true ) - grazalema is more rainy than santiago the compostela ( it 's true ) - you are not actually celts because you do n't speake a celt derivated language and you are not even in the six celts nations . 
  i did n't believe any of this , but he was easily triggered and i disliked him, 
  no ' \u00a1 \u00a1 \u00a1 \u00a1 \u00a1 \u00a1 \u00a1 \u00a1 \u00a1 \u00a1 \u00a1 are you telling me that you did n't invent the cuckoo clocks ???? 
  but putting an e at the end and trying to imitate the accent ? . 
  because that 's how spanish ask for info in italy ? 
  i do n't know about subtle , but poetic ? . 
  i am untriggerable, 
  i think that more than francoist they are a bunch of thieves that try to cover their tracks , while robbing as much as they can .
