  in the summer holidays there are kids on the parks at midnight but this is because it 's to hot in the evenings and people are outside when the sun is down . 
  and i thought that children outside till midnight was a spanish thing only . 
  do you take dinner after 10 too ? 
  i think that we are stronger if we are together , but at the same time i believe in the right of the people to decide if they want to be part of the country or not . 
  and that too, 
  you ca n't be a civil servant in spain sorry . 
  you can work in any other job , but not state jobs, 
  in spain they ca n't be citizens , because to be a citizen you have to pass an exam in spanish . 
  they can be legal inmigrants but not citizens , unless their parents are spaniard or they were born in spain . 
  i thouhgt that they were afraid of owls , that 's why some people put owls in their entrance mats so the gypsies do n't enter to steal anything . 
  with dog as pets , we are very friendly . 
  with working dogs not so much , and there are still a lot of greyhounds hangings for our eternal shame . 
  he did n't prevented the coup , he was probably involved in it . 
  and he is corrupt to the bone , his family is full of fiscal fraudsters like her daughter `` i do n't know anything '' , cristina . 
  he made a fortune influencing foreign politics , favouring repsol and santander and being paid for it . 
  he came to spain with no money and in 2003 he was one of the richest kings of europe . 
  he probably was behind the fraud of his son in law . 
  he abdicated when he saw that podemos was a rising political party , because he needed an organic law with a vast majority for securing his sucession and he knew that it will be difficult if republican parties had enough votes in the parliament . 
  i do n't give a shit about his ridiculous hunting expeditions , or cheating love life . 
  it 's the corruption i ca n't stand . 
  he was n't the shady shit behind the stage , he was one of the frogs we have to eat with the constitution for the sake of having a democracy . 
  he knew that he could n't be a king if he did n't admit a parlamentary monarchy , and we knew that the right will not acept a republic . 
  los borbones a los tiburones ( the borbons to the sharks ) . 
  i hate the spanish monarchy and i would love to see the third republic . 
  they are hideous but comfortable as fuck , so one thing for the other . 
  in here , they are very popular for nurses and other people who are all the day on his feet . 
  not personhood , but more rights than they have now, 
  a little about the medieval times before the expulsion , a little about toledo being the city of the three cultures , and then the expulsion , and the holocaust just in passing . 
  i do n't have a view about jews today , they are people and i do n't like them or dislike them for their religion . 
  he said that that 's what happens when you support terrorism . 
  `` we grieve and pray for the innocent victims of the terrorist attacks in iran , and for the iranian people , who are going through such challenging times , '' trump said in the statement . 
  `` we underscore that states that sponsor terrorism risk falling victim to the evil they promote . '', 
  de nada : you are welcome, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adn_eopvqdy at 1:20 more or less she pronounced the spaniard j. 
  and yes the issue with the pronuntiation , is cahones , instead of cohones , because cahones sounds like cajones which means drawers , while cohones sounds like cojones . 
  i climb and hike a lot , i am tanned all year long . 
  i used to sing the spanish version , when i was in summer camp in spain . 
  no exactly , it 's like a hard h , like in scottish loch . 
  but cahones just sound like cajones which is drawers in spanish . 
  it depends on what you are looking for , if you are art , or history nerds you would prefer venice-florence-rome if you are looking for clubbing , night life , and relaxing on the beach you better go to barcelona . 
  the only thing that annoys me is when americans say cahones instead of cojones . 
  we curse without excusing ourselves, 
  i do n't feel any pride because i only feel proud of things that i have done . 
  but i feel some connection when i am in historical places of my hometown , as far as i know my family have always lived in here , so maybe my ancestors were the ones who painted the caves , and excavated the sanctuaries . 
  i live in a small town and i see them , once every other day . 
  you are probably right, 
  a doctor , a midwife takes care of you most part of the pregnancy , with some visits to a doctor but in the moment of the delivery a doctor is there to assist . 
  yes , when i forget to recycle the old ones, 
  i think i ca n't pronounce a \u00f1 , after a french j , although i am trying . 
  very high ,, 
  a phase for teenagers . 
  wikipedia, 
  holanda in spanish , but we call them the low countries too , pa\u00edses bajos, 
  you never mark your race , sexuality or religion in any application . 
  there are some neo nazis and some racism , but not white identity groups, 
  i do n't think overeating or procrastination is good for anyone but i do n't think they should be banned by the government . 
  and of course cp cartoons and sexualizind childrend are linked , because that 's what pedophiles do . 
  if you are not a pedophile you do n't find cp cartoons or sexualizing children appealing , and no amount of cp cartoons that you do n't watch because you find them disgusting is going to make you a pedophile . 
  even drawn one , where there is no real persons . 
  or pornographic novels ? 
  how does it hurt the consumer ? 
  source ? 
  personally i find it disgusting , but i think that it 's a victimless action so it should be legal . 
  what ? . 
  which western europeans hate easterners ? 
  spain , we do n't have many eurosceptics, 
  he would be a normal politician , centre-left in spain . 
  a chicken broth with ham and cowpeas, 
  my grandma who was alive during the civil war , and was an illiterate woman used to explain the war to me like this : there were a lot of poor people who were fed up and then fought against the rich people and kill the rich people even the good ones . 
  then the rich returned to the power and it was horrible for poor people again . 
  not in spain as far as i know, 
  daily , but when i am hiking i can pass 5 days without showering . 
  don nadie is mr nobody , but in spain it 's used for people that have no value . 
  pepe p\u00e9rez is john doe, 
  i like my small spnaniard hometown . 
  in spain in 2009 there were more civil weddings than religious ones , but still the church has tax privileges . 
  american/english names with a spanish spelling in spain . 
  1972 , and my mother used to threaten us with a slipper . 
  `` if i have to take off my slipper , you will see ... '' . 
  it was always a threat more than a spanking though, 
  covadonga , but it was probably all christian propaganda because it 's not even mentioned in the moor chronicles . 
  there is some spaniard saying about how one it 's not from their country of birth , but from the country in which he was raised . 
  and i think more or less the same . 
  it 's all about the your culture and not your dna, 
  spain : i only know one , and she is german . 
  i knew two more that first abandoed veganism for vegetarianism , and then abandoned vegetarianism for jam\u00f3n, 
  i think that it 's weird that spaniards in general know nothing about portugal, 
  i ca n't choose , i find all european history fascinating , and mine ( spain ) too . 
  a friend from donostia , once told me that he had seen on the autonomic tv a race with butane bottles uphill . 
  i do n't know if he was pulling my leg or not , but i believe him . 
  and brute people who make competitions of cutting tree stomps . 
  once every two weeks or something like it . 
  i eat more lamb , pork and chicken . 
  and it 's always a steak . 
  no , i do n't watch it or even know the rules . 
  i would abolish monarchy in my own country , bunch of corrupts , thieves , elephant killers , cheaters , slightly retarded , cocaine addicts family . 
  and romanian hate that people confuse them with romani people . 
  what would you do with the non romani people living there ? . 
  it comes from a river and it 's treated afterwards , and it 's very chalky . 
  i have heard that chalky water it 's good for ostheoporosis because it has a lot of calcium , but it 's very bad for kitchen appliances .
