  one of my best friends voted for rajoy , so i would say that i am good at getting along with people with different political views . 
  no , freedom of speech should be respected but stupid opinions should be mocked out of existence . 
  and stupid people with stupid opinions have the right to have stupid opinions , but other people have the right to tell them that they are idiots . 
  it 's more ancient than that , in i bc estrabon said that iberia looked like an extended bull 's skin and it has been a common metaphor since then . 
  but yeah , osborne 's bulls are all over spain too . 
  he was surprised that spaniard parents are n't worried about pedophiles , and let little kids bath naked . 
  i will look it up , with her . 
  very few people have a backyard , most people live in apartments, 
  a texan cowboy and the cia causing terror in southamerica -, 
  this is from imperial spain , under the austrias dinasty, 
  i have to tell that to my step daughter , she is in love with unicorns, 
  the bull , i do n't like it or dislike it . 
  there 's a common metaphor to refer to spain as the bull 's skin, 
  is it strange , is n't it ? 
  we are next each other and we ignore each other, 
  my grandmother could tell you how all kind of lizards , rats and weasels tasted , because they ate all in the post civil war time . 
  i am only close friends with one , so i will speak about him . 
  he moved here for love , to marry a spanish woman . 
  he said that he love living here , he is a climber and a trail runner and he loves living near picos de europa . 
  he is integrated perfectly here , i suppose that all inmigrants from western countries with secular values integrate good in here . 
  the worse thing is that he came here with the notion that poor people deserve it , which is a very odd way of thinking here . 
  and that he believes that the client is always right , which is not a thing here so i am sure that his food has been spat more than once . 
  ah , and at first he was surprised with children nudity in beaches or parks, 
  in spain simple majority is for the one who gets the most votes , while absolute majority is when you have half the votes plus one , so maybe in germany is the same . 
  we have a catholic majority and a somewhat religious influence but we have a lot of sex , naked people and violence in movies too . 
  so no . 
  there is a rightwing religious group , `` hazteo\u00edr '' , that tried to convert some beaches in `` familiar beaches '' , without topless or thongs and they were laughed at . 
  no , i think that american upbringing is a concept that does n't exist here . 
  we have lenient and strict parenting styles but neither of them is call american upbringing . 
  only if they were very vocal about religion , normally you do n't know if they are religious of atheists because it does n't matter . 
  when franco died , and we had the `` destape '' a time where in all the films the actresses had to show their boobs . 
  now premarital sex is most common that marital sex , in fact there is a saying about `` you fuck less than a married person '' , and we still have a lot of boobs in films and tv, 
  a lot of woods , wendigos , vampires , pet cemeteries , castle rock . 
  in the east coast of spain they are very fond of fireworks , specially in the festival of the fallas , they have a horrible thing called `` la masclet\u00e1 '' , where they just explode a massive quantity of petards . 
  google it if you want to get deaf . 
  fireworks are legal , you have to ask for a permission and to give notice to the firemen . 
  petards are also legal but only the smaller ones . 
  i do n't think there is a stigma , but it 's not very common , most people trust condoms . 
  i am a blood donor so i test for gonorrhea , hepatitis , and hiv , every 4 or 6 months . 
  some of them do n't believe in horrid stuff either , but they are trapped . 
  july sixth , july seventh san ferm\u00cdn . . 
  we have more freedom to smoke . 
  there was a recent poll , and spaniards are more accepting of inmigrants now than when the big movement of inmigration started in the nineties . 
  so do n't worry much . 
  what ??? 
  where ??? 
  i am a spaniard living here my whole life and i have never heard that . 
  in spain tipping is fine , but not tipping is also fine . 
  it does n't even shows that you are not happy with the service . 
  their people are fine , their ideologies and goernments are fucked up . 
  the italians are friendly and know how to party . 
  the germans are good engineers . 
  romanians are either hard workers , nice people and very good at learning spanish or are in an organized mafia . 
  we eat a lot of watermelon , but it 's not common to put salt in it . 
  very uncommon , i know two vegetarians and the two are german, 
  people do n't like to pay taxes , but most people understand that taxes pay healthcare and education, 
  superl\u00f3pez, 
  castraci\u00f3n in spanish too . 
  i think that adoption shelter are not as common as getting dogs from breeders , or even friends . 
  maybe that 's the reason . 
  anyway what were you doing checking the dogs balls ? 
  the thing that seems stranger to me , it 's the crating of dogs in usa . 
  it 's as common as it 's in reddit ? 
  i really hate latin music , specially reggaeton, 
  we have summer red wine instead , tinto de verano, 
  yes , i did when i was a kid and there i learned a lot of bad words , what was a blow job , ( in theory ) , made a lot of friends and enjoyed myself a lot . 
  my stepdaughter is going there in a few days and she is very excited about it . 
  and about isolated areas , we have some areas of the country with less population than siberia , so i would say that it 's pretty isolated . 
  in theory and in the law there ca n't be any special privileges to the catholic church in spain . 
  in practice the state pays for catholic teachers to teach at public schools . 
  i would like to abolish that , and make catholic classes an extracurricular . 
  very common , and it lasts a lot . 
  i have a few friends who have been living together for more than 30 years . 
  i am going to pass the 5 year mark and i do n't plan on marrying either . 
  there are a few benefits for being married , some fiscals , some paid vacations days when your spouse is in the hospital , and the fact that he can decide about urgent medical procedures , in my case it 's not worth the hassle, 
  i think that i trust that they can understand me and my situation better than an outsider , but i do n't think they are particulary trustworthy, 
  zero , i know the name of all the ministers and i do n't know the name of the `` first lady '' , nor i could recognize her in a picture . 
  you are right , i expressed myself badly . 
  i mean spanish spoken with asturian accent . 
  bable from asturias, 
  http://noticias.juridicas.com/base_datos/admin/lo3-2007.t1.html#a10 if a man earns more than a woman working in the same work spot , with the same laboral conditions ( time in the spot , time working , etc ) , that 's illegal and the woman can sue . 
  it 's in the law, 
  in my country this is completely illegal and the woman can sue . 
  we have a horrible law of domestic violence where only the women can be victims and men are always the perpretators . 
  if a wife beats a husband is not domestic violence . 
  they called it gender violence , but it only counts when the gender making the beating is male . 
  there are more women in universities , more grants , and more state help for women than for men . 
  and there are obligatory quota for women in the public organizations . 
  in practice there is still gender inequalities , but not legal . 
  i am a woman and i feel ashamed of the feminists of my country . 
  actually there is a law inititiative for making the shared custody a rule , and the parties of the left are against it , because feminists are against it . 
  they say things like , `` fathers only want shared custody because they do n't want to pay for their children . '', 
  or that parental alienation does n't exist and it 's a patriarchal scheme , to get shared custody . 
  you are right . 
  because it 's ib\u00e9rico as coming from black iberian pigs , which are a different breed of pigs . 
  jam\u00f3n espa\u00f1ol is not a thing . 
  jam\u00f3n ib\u00e9rico is a protected trademark, 
  like in here , at least in the villages and streets with no traffic, 
  i like inglorious bastards a lot . 
  but , but ... we are not as bad drivers as the italians ...
