i think that it means do n't let your beautiful ass without touching and kissing . 
  basques are the indigenous of the basque country , but southwards the spaniards are indigenous of spain . 
  we treat worse the inmigrants, 
  more or less , it was more common in the past , and it was considered as flattering to women . 
  the typical cat call , is `` do n't let this little ass go hungry '', 
  trail running is very popular in my area . 
  spaniards are not european then, 
  there is no typical european . 
  vete a tomar por culo , is the spaniard va far un culo, 
  the same in spanish , but it can be a term of endearing or admiration too , like cunt i think, 
  gilipollas , it 's like more than an idiot, 
  san juan in alicante spain , they jump over fires . 
  http://fallasdelpirineo.com/el-fuego-y-el-pirineo/ , they have a lot of festivals with fires at night in the pirinees too . 
  never played , never seen it . 
  i do n't have an opinion about it, 
  australia , new zealand , canada , argentina, 
  the republican one , and it 's very popular amongst people against monarchy . 
  you are right . 
  and different strokes for different folks i suppose, 
  but why are you going to watch a music competition if you think that the music is shit ? 
  why torturing yourself ? 
  the quality of the music is mostly shit, 
  no , it 's not huge most people do n't really care or watch it, 
  little , i have never heard about it outside reddit, 
  tzatziki , sorry greeks if i mispelled it . 
  it was originally mota de jud\u00edos hill of jews , because in 1035 a group of jews came to live there after being expulsed from the nearby castrojeriz . 
  it changed the name to matajud\u00edos , kill jews after the expulsion to show that it was a village of old christians although in the banner of the village there always has been a david star . 
  so the mata of the name had nothing to do with a mata meaning bush . 
  it was mota : hill , then mata : kill and now it 's again mota . 
  i think that good quality food is cheaper in here , wine , olive oil and jam\u00f3n, 
  till the bone , half of our current government is under investigation for corruption . 
  my uncle pistol , he was a police officer and let me fire it once . 
  and some hunting guns, 
  guarroman , which is like dirtyman . 
  there was a killjews , but it changed names to hill of jews ( matajud\u00edos to mota de jud\u00edos ) . 
  there is one called sewer , alcantarilla, 
  no , as far as i know . 
  surprised , but not very surprised all in all we are the country that received the return of the absolutism with the chant of `` viva las caenas '' , `` hurrah for the chains '' . 
  although it was in the xix century . 
  we had a very bad islamist terrorist attack in 2004 in madrid that probably caused the pp to lose the elections , or at least a lot of votes . 
  they tried to make it pass for an eta attack , and it was the origin of the peones negros a crackpot organization that tried to make the islamist attack pass as an eta attack . 
  now they are almost extinct but they were very popular in the first 2000s, 
  you can own hunting guns if you have a license , to have a license you need to have a psychiatric evaluation and not having penal antecedents . 
  for pistols you need to be in a shooting club , and you need a license too . 
  none , men and women drink beer , wine and hard liquor . 
  wine with dinners , beer during the day and hard liquor late at night . 
  very uncommon , very few people have lawn . 
  raspa in spanish , and you can call a kid a raspa when he is naughty in a cheeky way . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=px3wlbwcjak , the endiablada, 
  a lot , for example the day of st joseph who is the saint patron of the carpenters , it 's the same day that the day of minerva who was the patron of the carpenters too . 
  mucha mierda ( a lot of shit ) in theatre and arts . 
  i think i have it , as far as i know, 
  good banter . 
  if the foreigner is oversensitive he is going to have a bad time in spain . 
  and then learn the language . 
  and i thought that antifa mostly attacked garbage bins . 
  no , only in case of fire, 
  while the far right harass people too . 
  have you ever heard of neo nazis ? 
  some bosnians back in the day , and they were great people, 
  stupid people who never acomplish anything . 
  you should have to put spain in the no participation spot too , and probably france and germany too . 
  there are a lot of students coming here to learn the language so it 's not uncommon, 
  it 's common . 
  i know how my boyfriend would react , he always speaks slowly and clearly when he speaks to a foreigner . 
  i am not a food server but tipping is not uncommon in spain , not for small purchases like coffee or things like that , but a lot of people leave a tip in restaurants after a big dinner . 
  they are normally small tips and not based in percentage, 
  the typicall drunk song is about asturias , and there is an iconic song about madrid by joaqu\u00edn sabina . 
  i agree , i even liked colin farrell after watching it, 
  amanece que no es poco , a masterpiece of surreal humour . 
  it 's still very useful in botany or zoology, 
  and spain, 
  in spain too , now he is played by a black actor , but there has been a lot of coal painted balthazars in the past . 
  i am fine with the idea of the eurasia continent, 
  nope . 
  i do n't get annoyed , i do n't get annoyed in real life either . 
  great climbing , awsome nature , friendly people , zero crime . 
  we say the same but with bronx . 
  camisola in spanish is an old word for the dress as underwear that women used to wear under the dress . 
  i remember two : a doll advertisment with a catch phrase `` alucina vecina '' , all the little girls wanted an `` alucina vecina '' doll this year . 
  and `` hello i am edu , merry christmas '' from a mobile company . 
  ten yes , fifty i am not so sure . 
  we have places with less population than siberia but there are villages not far away one from another . 
  i live in a place where there were more population in the prehistoric times than now . 
  no , the better conservated are closed to the public and you can visit the one in ruins whenever you want . 
  i have been in a lot of ruins and i have never found a larper there . 
  unless you count the national championship of mediaeval battle in the castle of belmonte ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hpbgzddyu8 ) as larping . 
  i think that we are more fond of historical recreations than of larping . 
  argantonio king of tartessos, 
  they do n't have to warn employers or landlords here , and they are not prohibited from voting . 
  rehabilitation is one of the goals of jail in our constitution . 
  i think that some criminals can be rehabilitated and i want them to have an easy time when they are released . 
  but i also think that the goal of the jail should not be only rehabilitation but to keep innocent people safe , and there are cases of criminals who are repeated offenders , and i would like to have a better system to avoid that . 
  geography, 
  yes . 
  no , only if the neighbor is a close friend . 
  my upstairs neighbor had an accident and the only thing we did was asking his father about it . 
  they want to speak galego at least . 
  keep moving the goalposts . 
  nope , it only have to had a cultural identity different from the rest of the communities , the autonomous communities that use the term historical nationalities are andalucia , baleares , canarias , catalu\u00f1a , comunidad valenciana , galicia and pais vasco .
