  could be worse . 
  the german pirate party shreded themself in internal debates, 
  germany is already doing that so no problem, 
  well if i remember right in the pebble-bed reators we had also to deal with disappearing elements which to put it lightly is not ideal . 
  well in our last test reactor i know of a few of the fuel elements went missing ... 
  wait wasnt it scheduled to vote like a month ago ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  is this the same vote or a different ? 
  okay what the fuck ? 
  do we know the same germans ? 
  nearly everyone i know doesnt think that . 
  we had a mandatory vaccination until the 80s i think it was used to bring down polio in both states . 
  they dont have the people from asse to manage their waste which is a very positive thing i would say :d, 
  there is also this : http://youtu.be/-kd6kxztn-4?t=22s i mean yes of course the germans make no fun of hitler that never happened before, 
  i think your best bet is google translate, 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/20sryr/criminal_investigation_has_been_opened_against/ follow up on this . 
  why pretzpretz forget to mentioned it is beyond me, 
  russia also agreed to keep their troops near their bases which is pretty much not what they are doing at the moment, 
  i can only speak for my own country germany and here there is a difference . 
  we might call all parmesan like cheeses parmesan but they are mostly labeled as parmesan style cheese of something similar to that . 
  it is the same with all other regional products edit : what i mean is that it is a difference between what the common word is and what the product is actually named, 
  if nuclear power is so cheap then why the fuck is the uk paying # 92.50 per megawatt of the new power reactor ? 
  which is according to the bbc almost twice what the current price is . 
  not to mention that we still have n't solved the problem of the long term storage, 
  not gon na happen anytime soon it is in the constitutional law where you would need a 2/3 majority to change it . 
  so what did poland do to fight their youth unemployment prior to the crisis ? 
  it seemed to be at least semi effective, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  france had 8.2 billion in 2014 in total and about 40 % of that were going to the middle east . 
  making it about 3.1 billion $ export to the middle east alone while germany is at 1.2 billion this year . 
  fuck even this year france wont be under germany in exports because they sold 24 rafale to egypt and another 24 to qatar . 
  this is rich coming from the country with more weapons export to the middle east than germany, 
  give me the source . 
  in the pollings they arent even big enough to get out of ` sonstige ', 
  the npd is gaining support ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  they are still at the bottom and arent they ? 
  when i was making my roadtrip the sun did shine an entire week . 
  you guys are complaining to much . 
  i even was in scotland and no rain in sight, 
  the lights go on .2 seconds too early . 
  given how well italy played yesterday my hopes are not high , but maybe the loss did shake them ( germany ) up enough to start hitting shit . 
  i honestly cant believe how bad germany played in the first quarter . 
  7 % 3 point rate is even bad among the lower leagues and here we have the national team shooting that, 
  ahh yes the party were the liberal wing from lucke left and we are only left with the right part . 
  you are advocating someone who votes for the pirates to vote for a right wing party . 
  are you serious ? 
  next you are going to say that everyone who votes for the left should take a look at the npd, 
  no we wont get afd with 15 % not since lucke left and the right wing took over . 
  you get them without extra for your internet . 
  at least that is why i still have one, 
  why ? 
  dont people in france have mandatory third language courses in school ? 
  here in germany you get to the choice mostly between french and latin and in the east russian . 
  aaron klug no wonder he got a nobel prize after all his last name is smart in german, 
  blue afd pink ~ ~ pds ~ ~ die linke ( i think ), 
  keep in mind that in germany the cost for food stuff is relativly low compared to other countries because average german looks more for price than quality . 
  we pay otherwise a lot more . 
  our power cost is the highest in the eu, 
  cheap milk i just saw for 0.59 $ per liter ` premium ' milk for .99 $ per liter, 
  dont kill not knocked out animal, 
  it was more like a `` well it is possible '' response granted you shoudnt do it too often because the dude in the video got paralysed when he was doing stunts :(, 
  http://satwcomic.com/border-control slightly relevant, 
  okay who said that ? 
  it just says german official or most influential politician . 
  who was it ? 
  the articles are all behind paywalls, 
  isnt the interest on the ecb loans at the moment something like 3 % ? 
  do they want that even further lowered ? 
  well it is so safe even they cant get to it . 
  germany did i think in 2000 or so, 
  huh france fell behind germany in manufactoring labor cost . 
  tldr : the youth was in my youth better !, 
   the main problem with these jokes is that you always have someone telling those jokes thinking he is the first one to do them or something , it sounds like these guys are only rotating the three same old jokes that we heard 100 times already . 
   if they were less repetitive and more original i seriously would not mind them at all . 
  welcome to nazi jokes or better any jokes on the internet, 
   ( possible in the next 150-200 years ) this is literally longer than we are distanced from the first serious try to form a german nationstate . 
  britain was still in the process of extending their influence and building the big empire . 
  do you know how big of a timespan your 150-200 years is ? 
  which is why power export is at all time high and power import is going down . 
  didnt he retire or is about to retire ? 
  it feels that way because it is in german classes as well as in politics . 
  mostly in form of books in the former and discussion about the faillings of the weimarer republik in the later . 
  well they have man with experience to get through belgium . 
  most of their tanks are owned and manned by the german army, 
  it is basically a meme that developed itself thanks to a facebook screenshot of a typical / r/thathappened story it was along the lines that 3 refugees got into a car of an elderly women and demanded to be driven around and then the police forced her to pay 600 $ because she broke some law or something and it ended with `` noch fragen ? 
  ( still questions ? 
  none ! ) . 
  i dont remember it anymore too clearly so i am probably missing a few details . 
  there also was never a war in the ddr , but people still got asylum . 
  political persecution is also a reason for asylum . 
  yes at the moment , but germany was more than happy to ignore the whole situation until it was n't possible to ignore it anymore, 
  good to see that everyone takes the german attitude of ` fuck greece ', 
  honestly no idea i went from aachen directly to france so whatever i came across that route . 
  it was not bad everywhere but it was really damn inconsistent . 
  what most threw me off was the warping bridges . 
  like when you come to it you see that at the beginning the left side of the road is lower and at the end the right side is lower . 
  yeah no kidding i drove last summer with my bike from germany to scotland via dunkerque and as soon as you crossed over from germany to belgium the bridges suddenly started to become warped and i have to start watchout for pot holes . 
  i would have said fdp if they didnt managed to show how well they let themself be pushed around by their bigger partner, 
  okay not exactly tchernobyl scale but it has something that tchernobyl didnt have : location .
