fair enough . 
  you know there is an official video of that out ? 
  even with far better sound . 
  there are probably a lot of isreali foods that have their origin in the region of germany thanks to the ashkenazi jews and their fleeing from the nazis . 
  they are called that way so they dont have to close after christmas is over nothing more, 
  was n't there a joke with grandpa watering the garden with oil so his machine gun does n't rust ? 
  i ca n't remember it at the moment properly, 
  the seperatist party of bavaria is smaller than die partei , the pirates , fdp and im sure a lot more . 
  they cant and wont do anything, 
  children are forced to decide which route of life they want to go at age 10 when they change from elementary school to either hauptschule ( the school for the people who are academicly least good ) real ( the middle ground ) or gymnasium ( for the academcly gifted ) there is quite a lot of movement down but not a lot of movement up . 
  haupt and realschule have both only 6 years while gymnasium has a 9 or 8 depending on the school the outdated part most people dont like is that children have to decide so early in their live so most people . 
  so they still will be faster than the berlin airport, 
  that is the one is the one that blocks tunnels while burning right ? 
  it is der, 
  so if this would be introduced in germany you would be allowed to drink wine and beer before you are allowed to drink an energy drink . 
  colour me skeptical about that, 
  which is a human build structure which is why i didnt include it, 
  so africa isnt a different continent from eurasia ? 
  we have the giant supercontinent of eurafrisa ( or something like that ) ; america and if you want to be nice with how small you let things in maybe australia and antartica, 
  merkel has a doctor in physical chemistry . 
  how does she fit your notion of lawyers and buisnessmen ? 
  not according to the [ french ] ( http://www.rte-france.com/en/news-cases/news/rte-publishes-2013-electricity-results-french-electricity-consumption-remains-stable-1 )  france remains the country that exported the most electricity in europe in 2013 , reaching 47.2 twh , a 6.8 % rise compared with 2012 . 
  these exchanges export towards all neighbouring countries , except for germany , where we have an import balance of 9.8 twh , compared with 8.7 in 2012 . 
  i would put it down to times were solar and wind are cheaper than air and we export it to them then . 
  over all the german production of energy went down from 2002 to 2014 , but apparently it is enough to still export a lot . 
  ~ ~ interestingly enough if you go after german data it seems that we are net importers from france ~ ~ i am a retard . 
  looking for more german data revealed this : https://www.ffegmbh.de/aktuelles/veroeffentlichungen-und-fachvortraege/435-stromimporte-und-exporte-deutschlands-fuer-das-jahr-2013 [ this map especially ] ( https://www.ffegmbh.de/images/stories/veroeffentlichungen/435_stromexporte_2013/karte_full.jpg ) yes we still are net exporters to france . 
  edit2 : there is german data from 2011 that we then imported more energy than exported in the second quarter , but that is extremely cherypicked because that is one of the standard fluctuations . 
  that is not what i meant it just annoys me when people are using data pulled from their ass . 
  nothing has changed since germany started the energiewende in regards to imports from france . 
  germany is still an energy exporter and not an importer . 
  france imports more energy from germany than the other way around . 
  it is more accurate to say that france rides of germanys production, 
  not even the bud spencer and terence hill movies ? 
  they are fucking great dubbed, 
  jerking of how superior it is to view a movie with subtitles compared to dubbing . 
  it is actually leaking at the moment or did they finally get their asses up to do something ? 
  also if you ever want a prime example for a `` good reactor '' look no further than the avr which was near an uncontrolled fission but that got reported as minor accident, 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/22ztul/germanys_green_dreams_meet_harsh_reality_a_vision/cgskcw9 that guy did a good break down, 
  that was the thtr-300 which also had several leaks and was well not economical sound . 
  the avr on the other hand was a completely different beast . 
  they forgot to built a roof which could hold in the radioactive thingies then they forgot to mention that they had a water brake in in the chamber which would have been a second chernobyl if they were n't lucky and the reactor was currently running on a low temperature . 
  that water has contaminated everything around the plant . 
  how bad does nobody know because they didnt messure it . 
  fuck those engineers who built and run that reactor, 
  actually that is a huge chunk of why germany is anti-fission . 
  two extremely bad built pebble-bed reactors in combination with chernobyl and corporations which wanted to push everything under the floor managed to kill fission here, 
  it is probably more regional in germany but here pancakes get served as a main course too, 
  dont demilitarize a country and expect it to support you military on the international stage . 
  there is a lot we cant do because the role of our army is defined in the constitution as purely defensive . 
  also i said mostly pacifist . 
  we are still in afghanistan are n't we ? 
  this guy is the equivalent to the american guy who screams about fema death camps . 
  i am surprised he didnt use gmbh brd somewhere in his rant . 
  why is germany so stingy with nato ? 
  because we are mostly a pacifistic country . 
  sure we sell all kinds of weapons but the weapons of our `` citizens in uniform '' are strictly ment for self defence . 
  germany is pacifistic now . 
  the allies did a good job in demilitarizing the country and it still shows till today . 
  also we are part of the nato because of the cold war, 
  if you think / r/unitedkingdom is left then you should come to / r/germany were there are times in which the antifa cant do wrong, 
  nope it is per 10k comments, 
  well germany speaks german and the word there is polizei, 
  yes we should use the language which most people speak native aka german, 
  let 's hope she expresses `` deep confident '' somewhere along the line in putin . 
  the last three politicion she was deeply confident in lost their jobs somewhere from 1 month to 2 years, 
  what is the difference between a turk and a bavarian ? 
  the turk speaks german, 
  we all have those . 
  dortmund is one of the most prime example in germany, 
  what ? 
  i like our construction site look, 
  a lot of planes go through a war zone . 
  and yes the airspace was closed but not over 7900m . 
  whoever was that idiot that coud n't decide wether it was a 400km/h fast an-26 or a 900km/h 777 is a fucking idiot, 
  so same as germany where you can choose the third language to be either french or latin ? 
  i had three year french and i can only say things like : je ne parle pas francais and je m ` apelle kyrdra, 
  uhh what ? 
  are you really saying that the military of sweden , germany , italy , spain or belgium uses outdated equipment ? 
  hell the gun in the m1a2 is german developed and isnt even used anymore in modern leopard 2s . 
  if you havent crossposted this to / r/propagandaposters you should consider it . 
  i find it hilarious . 
  especially if we take into account that both sieges kinda went sup optimal for turkey, 
  to put it short : yes the reactor i was talking about the avr was short before blowing up and only coincidence managed to prevent that and then they were saying : yeah nothing really important happened . 
  and it wasnt a bit radiation it was the biggest release of radioactive water in the western world until then . 
  so do the companies in france lie about their accidents to make them seem less bad ? 
  do the companies forget to shield the reactor properly and only when they are forced to do it do it half assed so that a part of the forest has to be closed ? 
  do they `` forget '' to tell the public that they had a leak and say that the increased radioactivity around the reactor is tchernobyl and only come out with the truth when it isnt deniable anymore ? 
  that is not the reason why germany is anti-nuclear . 
  the fission energy companies managed to kill it all by themself with lies about the safety of their reactors and numerous accidents which were not reported and then there is of course the joy of asse 2 which will probably poison the drinking water of everyone around the facility . 
  `` medium - and low level radioactive waste '' we cant even store our cracked pebble bed reactor there . 
  i also like that you forgot to link the prime example of german storage asse 2 . 
  cool so can germany send it up to finland ? 
  because our geology is absolute shit for nuclear wast storage, 
  not if you 're german and have a pebble bed reactor near you, 
  because ma\u00dfe and masse and because we arent swiss, 
  also white is no colour in contrast to glorious gold, 
  oh man it seems that my english is really strange for a german : our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 2 . 
  new zealandish 3 .
