its all the same . 
  nothing will change so its no use to try to scare people . 
  not even the wall will be built . 
  good news for gold at least . 
  keep printing . 
  in 5 years gold and other commodities will double in price . 
  but dont russians like their leader ? 
  putin always sounds more truthfull than our politicians . 
  i hope that sleeping bag was made with pure silk or at least real animal skin to be so expensive . 
  he is doing a good job not letting 120 million go to the wrong hands . 
  i think she needs to find a new job because everyone knows they will keep smoking hard . 
  we do not look arab wtf . 
  its called a tan . 
  is this real ? 
  because some are a bit offensive . 
  maybe he wanted to open a muslim bbq restaurant . 
  i loled too hard on that one . 
  what prevents them from blowing up the wall ? 
  they forgot to say we have minimal muslim levels . 
  in us he would be fine since he has no oil , so its not worth to invade or arrest . 
  wtf is happening is sweden ? 
  they burn a car they try to make a robbery ? 
  isnt sweden supposed to be one of the safest places on earth ? 
  if you want less strong stuff stick to cigarrettes and cigars . 
  at least someone helped . 
  thank god they voted brexit cause i dont want these muslims with strong english skills travelling to the rest of europe . 
  pretty sure russia is not as bad as everyone in this sub says . 
  usa has been invading middle-east , asia and building bases around the world and nobody says a word ? 
  invading iraq and causing all this shit for what reason ? 
  you can call russia everything you want but double-standard should not be allowed . 
  lovely gesture by her . 
  now watch all brits downvote this , cry and making more videos about killing everyone in a church ( if they wanted ) . 
  after all these years still not sure if russia are good guys or bad guys . 
  after all it was usa/allies that armed isis and started all this shit in the middle east while russia actually warned and tried to stop it . 
  does russia really want to start wars ? 
  this is not serious . 
  yeah man . 
  this week alone we had 3 days with 40c\u00ba already and im in porto , just imagine the guys in the south . 
  almost as good as the `` i could have killed them all '' video . 
  i blame isis . 
  how can someone enter a bus driven by an 11 year old and just sit down to travel ? 
  they are not joining the eu in the next 30 years anyway . 
  well they dont get arrested for doing that , the problem is that they dont pay taxes since they give no receipts . 
  this money and weed money could be going to the government instead of filling some guy pockets . 
  we really reallly really need to legalize weed and prostitution to fix the economy fast . 
  politicians are so slow to act . 
  weed is good as you can see boys . 
  [ you can see it here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war ) germany has at least 600.000 . 
  that is a lot of refugees compared to everyone except greece . 
  that is not my job . 
  that is a job for the government . 
  starting to see why uk voted out . 
  your police sucks uk , if this was in the united states this guy would be dead after raising his voice and hiding his hands behind the back . 
  im not talking just about your comments . 
  its about all comments that are being placed here . 
  whats your country racist boy ? 
  if you want pure breed so much you should reproduce with your own family , cant get more pure than that . 
  well they will not last long in that cold place dont worry . 
  come to portugal , we only took 8 dudes for each 100.000 . 
  its like they never came . 
  calling for closed borders ? 
  deportation of all muslims ? 
  full scale war in middle-east ? 
  i \u00b4 ve seen your comments . 
  you are not even german . 
  where are you from ? 
  how many refugees does your country get ? 
  you guys should read about number of refugees each country received . 
  germany has received the most refugees , not the rest of europe . 
  the amount of racist comments i see on reddit nowadays is insane . 
  if you want to fight so hard join the army and go fight abroad . 
  the sanctions are between 18 and 36 million . 
  that is nothing , we borrow around 500 million per month and pay more than 18 million just in interest . 
  we should be fined otherwise why create fines in the first place ? 
  who cares about the debts that will never ever be paid ? 
  not me thats for sure . 
  i still feel safe . 
  but since im in portugal maybe that is why . 
  terrorist acts always existed . 
  not that long ago europe had terrorist organizations that caused panic and deaths . 
  this isis thing is another one , like al quaeda . 
  but this time the army needs to go to syria and iraq and fight there . 
  how can dutch men be the tallest in the world and still have 0 nba players ? 
  terrible motor skills . 
  too soon . 
  in a world where being global and having nice relations with everyone is more important than ever , not sure what uk was trying to accomplish but i will find out in 2 years . 
  uk tourists were a big part of europe and now their pound will be much lower which will mean less tourists for southern countries like portugal , spain , greece and italy . 
  that is bad for us too . 
  please don \u00b4 t post stuff like this that can be traced . 
  that is where i download my films . 
  this is terrible news . 
  you will love lisbon . 
  great places to go every time of the day . 
  i think you need to learn english to able to understand what i wrote . 
  we have bigger dicks too . 
  but nobody needs to know that . 
  we don \u00b4 t want guns , trigger happy cops and 60 % of white trash populating europe . 
  besides most of us laws are completly retarded and made in 18th century . 
  because you know those guys in the 18th century must be smarter than the ones we have now , that developed this world and created things like cars , planes , healthcare and flat screen tvs . 
  i think this is good news .
