  the rest is history . 
  if brexit goes well and uk gets better what do you guys think it will happen ? 
  europe would collapse , everyone would leave eu and create their own rules . 
  that is why i think brexit will go very very wrong . 
  cant wait for the next episode . 
  yeah maybe thats why farage just decided to step down . 
  we are cool here in portugal . 
  we get money from the eu and in return we buy as many bmws and mercedes as we can . 
  just do a swexit . 
  ask for a referendum now . 
  if they want to sell watches and chocolate they better listen . 
  this changes nothing since he already did nothing . 
  he gets paid for not working and pretends hes doing a favor for uk . 
  we need a world war . 
  too many people in the world , kill , destroy , re-build and repeat . 
  uk will declare war on eu soon . 
  i loved his speech about who is laughing now and he leaves ? 
  now that uk will become poorer than greece he leaves ? 
  go live to uk if you want to be out or even another place without eu . 
  not even your politicians will have the balls to activate article 50 . 
  this will drag itself for years until they scrap it . 
  if you uk went all in on eu instead of being half in maybe you would be the ones calling the shots . 
  yeah and he was somewhat responsible for the goal . 
  vitor baia was not selected by scolari and many people in portugal disliked that since the backbone of the squad was fc porto . 
  i forgot . 
  the whole team was good . 
  you can have my upvote !, 
  i know , we lost the opening game and the final game vs you . 
  probably the saddest moment ive had as a fan . 
  eu parliament is reformable , but by everyone in it , not just the uk . 
  you seek total independence from eu and i fully understand that . 
  i hope uk reaches the goals it seeks , no joke . 
  nah . . germany is very strong but i would put my money on france since they are playing at home . 
  you just united eu more than ever . 
  and this eu thing started to stop us from going to war against each other . 
  winston churchill was one of the those guys that wanted unity and peace in europe , you may know that guy . 
  pretty sure that it scared any country in eu to do irresponsible stuff like what they did . 
  i said it multiple times and say it again , if uk accepted the eu and worked with it , they would be the ones running the show . 
  from now on they will have 0 power inside eu . 
  imagine the shit show uk will have in hands if the pound drops 50 % vs the euro and everyone demands them to pay their stuff in euros . 
  if hyperinflation happens its going to be very ugly . 
  its funny because gove said uk does not need experts . 
  neither you do because you know the facts from the experts . 
  you already lost , you voted leave . 
  dude we lost the fucking euro 2004 at our home to fucking greece that had a terrible team and never won nothing like portugal . 
  figo/ronaldo/deco / ricardo carvalho were on that team , 4 world-class players . 
  to tell you the truth i dont expect to win the euro because they will shit their pants if we go to the final . 
  since wales voted brexit , it will be a pleasure to see my country send them home covered in salt probably with another tie . 
  greece is perfect for this . 
  i just don \u00b4 t think other countries would accept this . 
  we want zika !, 
  yeah we had lots of corruption but this is over the line actually . 
  he is senile now . 
  if he likes isis so much , just pack your shit and go fight with them on iraq . 
  lets start buying those ferraris mates . 
  i hope you keep your smile if eu goes down and we start world war 3 fighting for power . 
  tell that to 52 % of uk and all those nationalists you have that will never shut up if someone cancels the voting . 
  thats why everyone in eu is pissed dude . 
  if eu goes into recession , world goes into recession too . 
  then it \u00b4 s a matter of time until eu fully breaks , problems will start to show every day and europe becomes governed by a gang of extremists like the ones we had in the 40 \u00b4 s. 
  eu was created to mantain peace and fair trade with everyone . 
  i smell lots of trouble in coming years . 
  uk would have to vote yes for turkey to join eu . 
  now they will not even have a chance to vote . 
  what i find funniest about this shit , is that uk was/is so big that they could be the ones rulling the show on eu . 
  but since they never fully believed in eu , uk power inside eu was weak . 
  who cares about this now ? 
  uk wants to be left alone and be a great nation again . 
  brexiters will never accept any result except leaving eu , this is a lost war . 
  just let them finish this crap . 
  all extremists loved this shit . 
  this is actually funny man . 
  way to go england . 
  if you are trying to make gold rise more than 10 % in a week i cant even imagine what happens if you activate article 50 . 
  thanks uk . 
  if this all goes to the shit and european union ends don \u00b4 t get sad when a big war starts between europe nations . 
  im cool , no one fucking cared about portugal in any war ever . 
  nothing beats a good kebab . 
  lets see who fucks who . 
  uk will probably find allys . 
  maybe uk will get what they wanted , the end of the european union after this . 
  thanks uk , you guys are the best . 
  you voted to leave european union and i bet that if you could vote to leave europe you would vote yes too . 
  i want more money too . 
  sadly im my own boss so i cant ask for a raise . 
  could not have said it better myself . 
  and i just posted this was what was going to happen to uk today . 
  well i think you are since you voted to get out of jail . 
  now you have the get out of jail free card . 
  the rest of europe is waiting for the trap card activation . 
  no , but i guess someone beat up the brits because they seem to be afraid of other races . 
  uk always had special treatment . 
  it \u00b4 s time for europe to show what happens when you leave , punishment needs to be as harsh as possible . 
  if you don \u00b4 t think this way why not just have a voting on every country and end european union , the euro and the times of peace since the 50 \u00b4 s. 
  european unions strives for peace . 
  but you surely dont know that . 
  nobody will or would demand military action when they can just tax you to poverty on customs . 
  dude but everything you mentioned there sucks and no one cares . 
  airbus is a french company . 
  i have nestle factories in portugal and i don \u00b4 t say nestle / nespresso is portuguese .
