  yeah you are fucked . 
  most of the things you produce are food and booze . 
  there is only a possible way out for this mr. farage . 
  first you and uk leave eu , then you leave everything you had with us and when you come again to negotiate the terms of the free-trade market we will see who is laughing now . 
  but dude , thats what they are . 
  who cares about uk in eu now ? 
  the only good thing they do is baked beans and take pictures of the royal family . 
  uk will be made an example of for anyone that tries to leave eu . 
  the dream would be that nigel guy being prime minister after 17 years of talking shit about eu project . 
  need to buy a truck of popcorn for the next few years , this will be a fun ride . 
  dude your own country voted out of europe . 
  it tastes good to see the biggest nation europe crumble from the inside . 
  do you really think 27 other countries will give uk what they want after already having special needs and declining them ? 
  that speech nigel did on eu will not be forgotten by anyone that was there . 
  we also wan na say `` you are not laughing now are you ? '', 
  do you really think the european union will give uk more special treatment ? 
  or will they punish uk to remind and show others what happens when you leave ? 
  you will be hit by a recession want it or not and your food prices will go up instead of down . 
  its k mate . 
  i hope british vote on extreme far wing , those that use nazi propaganda just so i can eat popcorn and say `` we told you so dumb cunts '', 
  i just learned that portugal has the lowest crime rates in europe . 
  you cant get more chill than that mate . 
  we pay taxes now mate , before we just pretended we did . 
  he just compared eu to german nazis and believes it . 
  we should start building the gas chambers right now . 
  young people are dumb ? 
  we like the eu . 
  portugal never had a voting to leave . 
  if they and people can not see that eu strides for unity and equality maybe they should be left alone like they want . 
  people think it is easy to change , like snapping fingers . 
  most of the time years are needed to get stuff done in politics . 
  they did not show creating eu was a wrong decision , they showed why no one should be allowed in with special privileges because they are special and will always want more and more . 
  because they love football . 
  the more teams the better to keep them entertained . 
  are you not entertained ? 
  no backsies mate . 
  no shit . 
  they were the biggest nation when eu was created and decided to always stay half-in . 
  they could be the ones to rule the eu if they supported it instead of what they did . 
  why doesnt she use the nazi flag ? 
  dont understand why not . 
  what are the tories ? 
  hey . 
  our first king of portugal was spanish and the son of the queen of spain . 
  he also decided to be independent and that is why durao barroso is portuguese and we have 0 world cups . 
  this is what sounds like when doves cry, 
  nah ... you still have lotus and aston martin . 
  but those are not affordable for everyone . 
  you don \u00b4 t need to give up nothing else mate . 
  uk voted to leave european union and stay away from all his pros and cons . 
  no more immigrants ever again , everyone will have pure blood . 
  maybe english people and their politicians should have done that before voting ? 
  uk just erased more money from the stock market than 2009 because they wanted to have a voting . 
  people have been calling for countries to leave eu and destroy eu mostly from the outside , and the uk just decided to leave it and diminish it . 
  thanks uk , for caring only about you and no one else . 
  thats what uk is . 
  the girlfriend that was always too important to spend time with your friends and family but was always treated like a princess . 
  now that girlfriend decided that she does not want you anymore , so you want to move on forever and not see her again . 
  you don \u00b4 t want to stay friends with her anymore . 
  we ( europe ) are the the ones who want uk to move on and just leave . 
  activate article 50 . 
  as soon as your pound drops your entire country is losing purchasing power . 
  what do you even produce nowadays ? 
  we ( poor countries ) also carried out effective austerity measures dude . 
  in fact we even arrested our former prime-minister for corruption and did major reforms to reduce paperwork and simplify our lives . 
  im happy to see you believe so much in your nation . 
  im the racist one ? 
  the amount of videos showing hate towards muslims and eastern europeans tell me otherwise . 
  but if you say so , maybe im the one who is racist for understanding and welcoming other races . 
  is there something british still produce ? 
  outside of food . . 
  uk is a nation so he is totally right . 
  if scotland wants to join eu after leaving they can , whole uk can , but without the absurd amount of benefits they have now . 
  your country just showed the whole europe there are more ignorant than educated people in england . 
  no country would have a voting like this , neither they would vote leave . 
  we have lots of poor people and we are a poor country , but at least we are rich in values . 
  pretty sure it is . 
  our country is at peace dude . 
  come here , nobody is rioting about the euro or insulting muslims and minorities . 
  we have improved a lot since we started taking measures . 
  corruption was high in this country before the cleaning started , now it \u00b4 s all being washed thanks to eu . 
  people in my country never cared about politicians until 2009 , now they care and report corruption/abuse of power . 
  bmw , mercedes ? 
  we love those . 
  we don \u00b4 t fucking care about those . 
  beaches and sunny days half a year ? 
  yeah we love 3rd world dude . 
  bye british folks , we dont need your pounds or products . 
  besides you just made me 8 % richer since i have jewelry stores and own quite a bit of gold . 
  thanks, 
  i don \u00b4 t think that they understand that they just voted to leave european union and all their allies . 
  why isolate even more ? 
  they were already on a fucking island . 
  everyone wants to destroy the eu because it promotes equality for all people and races . 
  eu promotes/wants every country to be prosperous , have proper healthcare and a capable industry . 
  obvious racist people who still think their nation/people is of higher status and should have bigger rights than the others are the same people that would bring back slavery right now if they could . 
  debt/muslims/criminals ? 
  everyone has those with or without open borders . 
  thanks to uk voting the whole world and mainly europe will change its position and ideas about them . 
  tourism/british products will take a big hit after this in europe , uk needs eu much more than eu needs uk .
