  greeks are nice people . 
  but lazy like us . 
  racist towards all muslims . 
  does not matter the country of origin . 
  there are still lots of horses inside . 
  now that is real bling . 
  portugal is at least represented by luxembourg . 
  russians are not bad people . 
  they are just crazy . 
  everyone in europe will be racist by 2017 if they keep this up . 
  religious people are a menace to society . 
  why do people still believe in books written 2000 years ago ? 
  catholics even murdered scientists because they did not agree with them . 
  science has done more for humanity in 50 years than 3000 years of religion . 
  we can \u00b4 t let cave men win . 
  he should have been shot on sight . 
  the purge : nuclear edition, 
  time to close the gates boys . 
  off-course not . 
  im lucky to work in a cool place . 
  this looks like the perfect place to sacrifice human babies . 
  i hope they are not taking this seriously . 
  france is a bastion of freedom and democracy . 
  no need to get crazy for 3 dark moments in french history . 
  crazy for them but , we have more than that during 3 fucking months . 
  you need air-conditioner in workplace or you are fucked . 
  one day i need to visit romania . 
  looks like a cool place to visit . 
  it had to be in lisbon such an abomination . 
  looks like the entrance for an underground prison . 
  this would not work in my country . 
  portuguese . 
  i will start calling you caltan . 
  dude us already did that . 
  many of these terrorist are already european born . 
  this is just sad . 
  we dont know how to stop this and who to stop . 
  its too hot here during the summer , too hard to work without air-conditioning . 
  italy is too big too fail . 
  there a a penalty for violating the rules so we should pay that . 
  what the point of having rules if nobody follows them ? 
  we like your money eu , we love you . 
  i think they dont make enough ferraris . 
  that is the main reason . 
  hooligans like russian , england and even your polish ultras ? 
  no we dont . 
  we are very peaceful people . 
  no fights after france-portugal for example . 
  im not saying all russians/english are violent but this tends to happen too often . 
  im not a sporting supporter . 
  im actually fc porto supporter and i would trade this euro for a champions league vs bar\u00e7a or real . 
  that would taste so good . 
  i said i would trade i did not say i did not like to win . 
  it was a pleasure to see portugal win but if you could see sporting win a champions league would you not trade this win ? 
  im happy but i did not spend whole night partying like i won the lottery . 
  we won that is cool but i would trade this euro cup for another champions league for my club . 
  that is how classy fans like french or portuguese react . 
  now imagine a final between russia and england . 
  the world is not tense . 
  world is live and well . 
  much better than 60 years ago . 
  its not depressed country . 
  we are on the rise , much better than other euro nations since they have much bigger salaries and much more immigrants . 
  we are doing much better now . 
  lisbon is ok , but porto much better . 
  finally we won something, 
  who cares about a bailout to italy now ? 
  we will blame brexit and move along . 
  thanks uk !, 
  europe loves you now . 
  brexit part 3 . 
  told ya . 
  he is austrian but nice try . 
  im not blaming anyone . 
  im happy with how things are going since my job is to deal with gold . 
  the more gold rises , more money i will have . 
  i just think that world needs to rethink the whole financial system for progress to be made . 
  because the way it is right now , the more money they throw in the economy the more money rich people will have since money always flows to the same pockets . 
  it was not just portugal dude . 
  everyone in the world was hit by that . 
  everyone . 
  thats why a rolex daytona was around 5000 euros in the year 2000 and its at 10.000 euros now . 
  thats why a 150.000 euros ferrari is now around 250.000 . 
  and gold ... gold was 10 euros a gram , now its 40 euros a gram . 
  everyone in the world got poorer not just portugal or europe . 
  actually you are wrong . 
  does my country decide the prices of gold , classic cars , watches or art ? 
  no it doesnt . 
  in fact pretty sure my country still has some of the lower prices in europe . 
  if uk does well everyone will want out and it will be pure chaos . 
  something tells me it will not go well . 
  im saying these far-right figures are racists and would do the same thing hitler did if they had the chance . 
  im not pro europe or against it . 
  i would never vote leave if i had that chance also . 
  i prefer to be bossed around by europeans than by usa and their fucking stupid wars every 5 years . 
  im happy with eu . 
  im just not happy with the 16 years of inflation that made everything twice more expensive . 
  wages went up like 10 % in these years while prices went up around 50 % or more . 
  we really want to see you try . 
  hitler was austrian and right wing .
