i guess i meant their presentation style is way better than the one from a3 . 
  say you have the following news item : `` romania 's president does n't want to legitimate naming a foreign person ( from hungary , that does n't even speak romanian correctly ) in front of our ministry of culture '' . 
  then they twist and turn that and make it seem like the president refuses to name that person in front of the ministry because he wants his own people running it . 
  that 's an example . 
  it 's basically a machine created with the soul purpose of blackmailing and misinforming . 
  it if famous for threatening people from justice departments , threatening judges , making defamatory shows with the purpose to change political decisions . 
  it serves the interests of a few very corrupt politicians and business men from romania . 
  the news anchors are some of the worst people you could ever imagine . 
  there are some genuine good people there , but they are stuck in the cogs of that machine , so they have no escape but to fall in line . 
  ah , yes , sure , but you know what fox has ? 
  the guys from a3 are rednecks in comparison . 
  except a lot more toxic . 
  yes , but the bastards are fighting back ... 
  well , that guy would simply make it worse . 
  i think you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  you are obviously pro russia and try to manipulate others opinions on the subject with misleading information . 
  the maidan was never about inter-ethnic disputes . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  yeah . 
  but that 's because you 're a fucking moron . 
  war is coming . 
  romania , not rumaina , please . 
  and that is moldova * is * romanian territory . 
  pretty much this . 
  they have been here since the beginning of time ( more or less ) and they love the country the way it is . 
  ( well , they love it they way it is as much as your or i love it the way it is , which is not a lot , but enough ) . 
  as an eastern european , i can tell you , refugees will have a very hard time here . 
  the general feeling is they should go fuck themselves , since everyone sees them as migrants , not refugees . 
  but anyway , show me a `` refugee '' that will willingly come to any eastern european country and i 'll show you a unicorn . 
  the donald . 
  he actually brought peace on earth . 
  eh , [ 2019 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3wjhyux1sq ) was hot . 
  for what it 's worth , i work with a lot of americans and i can tell you i like you guys too . 
  genuinely good and cool people . 
  sorry dude , voltaj is garbage dump , and this song is one of the huge steamy dumps that a dedicated fan will find under layers and layers of waste . 
  we ( romania ) have n't had a good song for eurovision in the last 10 years , regardless of what moculescu will tell you . 
  and romanians , do n't forget us !, 
  why would criticizing islam get me banned , but if i criticize muslims ( the followers of islam ) all is fine ? 
  so you are not going to censor me if i say the attackers are all immigrant and muslim ? 
  look my friend , you seem to speak out of your ass . 
  let me tell you how it was in iasi . 
  smaller isps like cipnet , fxnet , linknet , darknet , etc , all started with their own infrastructure . 
  they did not absorb any of the small lans . 
  later on , rds absorbed cip , fx , link , dark , etc. 
  and after that , they replaced the existing infrastructure with fiber . 
  but the small ones , the ones you think were set up by genius level kids , they were abandoned . 
  you keep your version of history , i 'll keep mine . 
  just so you know , those small gaming lans are everywhere in bulgaria . 
  by your statements , they should have our level of internet infrastructure already , right ? 
  cause it 's just small lans tied together . 
  man , the stupid things romanians believe never stop to amaze me . 
  dude ... please . 
  you 're eating shit here . 
  when did those experts appear to set up you friend 's lan . 
  never you say ? 
  i think you are confusing those back water lans with the smaller isps that appeared . 
  those were indeed professional . 
  when did the neighborhood lans have cisco experts ? 
  you 're crazy . 
  they were run by kids who wanted to play games together . 
  i do n't know how things evolved in other countries , but i have a fair knowledge of what happened in romania . 
  and your version is not it . 
  sory , bob , you 're a moron . 
  you and everyone who keeps perpetuating that belief with the lans are all morons . 
  but we are romanians , and being morons is in the birth certificate . 
  those lans you are talking about were the absolute worst thing , their only purpose was for gaming , and when one of them happened to have a shared internet connection , it was the worst damn thing you could ever have . 
  we have a good infrastructure because , once we raised our heads out of communism , we had nothing . 
  we were butt naked technology wise . 
  so the companies around here invested in the absolute best tech available at the time . 
  hence the widely available fiber optics backbones between cities and all that sweet sweet infrastructure that allows your stupid ass to browse facebook at 1gb/s . 
  not having regulations helped spread the tech around like wild fire , but by no means would it have stopped it . 
  even the regulations we currently have are made to help the industry grow . 
  that 's why even today we have tech giants setting foot in iasi , cluj , timisoara , etc. 
  none of the neighborhood lans were absorbed by the big companies . 
  if that would have been the case , we would have had usa internet speeds , if we were lucky . 
  when the serious isps came around , they completely ignored the existing lans and implemented their own solutions , made by professionals , not the street nerd that figured out what a switch is . 
  really ? 
  cause my digital watch is not good for anything when it 's broken . 
  is n't your country one of those economies that fucked up everyone 's mojo not so long ago ? 
  yes , yes it is !, 
  the only deal you guys will get will be how rough the stick that goes up your ass will be . 
  your politicians still think of yourself as a mighty empire . 
  those days are gone , soon you will be a mighty bitch to trade deals and various political and economic powers . 
  you voted for it . 
  soon you 'll get exactly what you voted for . 
  much like trump will deliver to the us what they voted for . 
  knowingly or otherwise . 
  let me tell you about our moldovian true and glorious stephen the great . 
  now that guy knew how to handle the turks . 
  cool story bro . 
  that scenario works in a real democracy . 
  the american electoral system however has no reliance on your example . 
  did n't trump get elected even though overall he had less votes ? 
  oh , yes , he did . 
  aside from that , are you arguing with me the fact that you would want criminals in jail to have a lot of power over how your country is governed ? 
  seems to me those guys would vote towards politics that would make their life easier , not the country 's in general . 
  a good example is romania or bulgaria a few years back , where the prison population voted overwhelmingly in favor of a corrupt party who was trying to slain the justice department . 
  they were setting up laws to make the lives of convicts a breeze , because in the eventuality of a corrupt politician going to jail , they would be in a nice cozy position . 
  this is what you are arguing for , essentially . 
  but even further than that , in a decent democracy , the majority decides , not the minority .
