  i think that not only greece is a failed state but is not viable as a nation , meaning , greece as we know it is over ; my question is if this stays in greece or will affect the rest of europe, 
  and when it \u00b4 s cold outside and you need to poo ? 
   i look forward and all i see is flat . 
  that \u00b4 s because you don \u00b4 t climb high enough to see earth \u00b4 s curvature, 
  not old school propaganda ; it \u00b4 s called `` use your brain cells '', 
   you simply assign the losses and move on the problem with the greek economy is that is not able to sustain itself , it needs the reforms that several governments are unable to perform ; this means that even if all greek debt where forgiven , they still need to get into the market to get more money to sustain herself ... and by the time this will happen no one will borrow money to greece . 
  well , that \u00b4 s what happens when you start buying swimming pools for your little mansion with someone else money . . 
  that \u00b4 s we \u00b4 ve been doing the last decades , like any other time in human history ... with almost no results, 
  i know that , but they represent a threat to national security and integrity ... this a military issue . 
  this also means that this demands a different kind of response from the military, 
  are you ? 
  this is a military issue because is actual an invasion, 
  disturbing pictures ... unimaginable suffering, 
  i despise political parties ... the same shit you work for, 
   oligarchy would be more precise it \u00b4 s an oligarchy ; not every one gets access to power , only a restricted selected few people . 
  and the selection has nothing to do with merit . 
   so maybe they have not had enough . 
  is not a question of having or not having enough austerity . 
  it \u00b4 s a question to have or not have the balls and the brains to understand that there \u00b4 s no alternative to responsibility , when we live in society . 
  and yet , money for insolvent and corrupt banks is not a problem, 
  what eu countries are boycotting a solution to this big , common problem ? 
  yeah right ... 
  i would like to see him try that on politicians and lawyers, 
  this guy is a genius ... didn \u00b4 t get that until now ; thanks putin, 
  your right . 
  sometimes i get emotional about this things, 
  we shall not forget , we shall not forgive, 
  did stalin ever looked good ? 
  that was funny ... now more seriously ; about that money reparations for the french invasions ? 
  ... or rome ? 
  ... where can we go to reclaim this ? 
  there should be some international institution to receive this kind of complains spain gime moneyz ... and the muslims we had to chase out of the peninsula ? 
  ... should we go to is to ask for this moneyz ? 
  lol, 
  watched until 24:40 ... it \u00b4 s starting to derail a lot ; europe is prosperous even in austerity when compared to the rest of the world ; crisis in europe didn \u00b4 t started in 2008 ; i saw problems in portugal since the euro started ( 2000 ) , 2008 just putted problems on sight that where buried before ; europe is also peace , at least western europe . 
  this guy starts by making some good points , but starts to fail a lot after 24:00, 
  ops, 
  well , podemos in spain is loosing some steam power , and apparently there \u00b4 s another new center political party , ciudadanos , gaining traction ... this is spain where extreme left party where gaining traction, 
  let \u00b4 s look on the bright side ... 
  this new greek government will bury any extreme left government perspectives in any other eu country, 
  is for the greek `` humanitarian crisis '', 
  you \u00b4 re right ; nonetheless this government or any other government represents the people, 
  greece is a laughing joke, 
  russia is where people i don \u00b4 t like should go ; i \u00b4 m not saying that russia is a muslim country , but i think they have a lot of muslims, 
  they should go to russia or to some other muslim country where they can do their muslim things, 
  sexy lady knows how to dress, 
  a failed state , rampant corruption , oligarchs with special treatment in the constitution of the country ? 
  ... jesus ... is this africa ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  it would be fair to history if we knew the atrocities committed in ex-colonies by european colonizers ... something tells me that we can hardly imagine what happened there, 
  life looks good before germany, 
  so 30 % of greeks voted in this guys ? 
  ... how is syriza holding together with his promises being broken , because reality is a bitch ? 
  ... should i bet that they can \u00b4 t hold together until summer ? 
  greece should go for a controlled bankruptcy ; instead of public workers get 12 months or more of payment only get 10 or so ; instead of going to work every day , only 2 days a week ... 
  it \u00b4 s an obstacle when differences make you dig trenches ; in france the rise of fn is for close the borders and expel all foreigners that are stealing our jobs ... 
  europe has to learn to live with diferences . 
  countries like portugal have a vast history over seas , have a very different mentality , a lot more open minded and `` easy going '' , `` cool relax , enjoy life '' , than germany or switzerland , that always lived in their confined spaces where everything has to be measured and managed ; this is in part why we are seen by northern countries like lazy, 
  total lack of respect for the human life, 
  i forgot to add from natural causes like old age, 
  i like my country ; this is where i was born and this is where i ~ ~ pretend ~ ~ wish to die if everything goes well . 
  we have a lot of problems but so have the other countries . 
  i almost can see a tear in putin \u00b4 s face ... `` why no one likes us ? '', 
  `` what is wrong with us ? '', 
  it \u00b4 s said that the badass is still trying to burn the flag, 
   their debt actually worsened for having implemented austerity their debt ( income-expense ) worsened because the expense side didn \u00b4 t followed the decrease in the income side ; and only this income decrease can have some connection with austerity ; this level of connection is the result of the competency or incompetency of collection tax revenue, 
  like i said . 
  you don \u00b4 t know shit of what you \u00b4 re sayng, 
  you should educate yourself before you talk what you don \u00b4 t know : [ greek debt ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/government-debt-to-gdp ) has been raising sharply since 2008 because it \u00b4 s not reducing it \u00b4 s expenses ; greece is getting the money from eu partners to finance and maintain it \u00b4 s corrupt and unproductive society . 
   how will it make it less likely that the country returns to its old ways ? 
  it won \u00b4 t. 
  greece like portugal is cyclic bankrupted , with or without the euro . 
  the all monetary system is based on trust ; investor don \u00b4 t trust in greece ; this doesn \u00b4 t mean that greece can \u00b4 t get financed in the markets , but it only can do it at higher interest rates to compensate investor for the risk of investing there . 
  greece is stuck in it self and there \u00b4 s no light at the end of the tunnel . 
   bashing greece or greeks what i said was bashing ? 
  ... what a bunch of sissies ; now that \u00b4 s bashing, 
   if greece is pushed out , europe will die greece is not being pushed out ; all this years it has been pushed in ; greece doesn \u00b4 t want to be in the euro zone because it failed to implement measures to reduce it \u00b4 s public debt, 
  probably ... but when shit hits the fan everyone will be dirty, 
   needs to know the story of what happened to him on a dramatic night in east germany was sodomized, 
  so the more your close to the danger the more you want to defend yourself ? 
  ... makes sense ; the more the perception of danger the more fight willing you are, 
  kind of ... but apparently there \u00b4 s no political motivation on this one, 
  those doors are bullet proof , steel ... naaa, 
  apparently the co-pilot was breathing normally with a mountain ahead of him and people screaming in his back ... disturbing ** edit : ** any chance of making someone do this by external means , like hypnotic state ?? 
  ok , but the cause for the decompression and the probably not use of oxygen masks raises a lot of questions ; and by this recording the pilots are able to respond to the tower ... this apparently hasn \u00b4 t been the case of germanwings, 
  terrorism ? 
  ... hard to understand how 2 pilots lost conscience at the point of loosing the plane, 
  this is fucking to hard to watch, 
  now the `` humanitarian crisis '' in greece will get worst ... they will need more money to help the ~ ~ friends ~ ~ poor, 
  i \u00b4 ve heard in the news that last year around 25 000 people died in europe roads ... 
  i think this puts things into perspective ; it \u00b4 s worst than a war, 
   are they fair ? 
  no , it \u00b4 s called butthurt, 
  looks like a nice place to live, 
  why is there a guard wearing a skirt ? 
  good one ... 
  probably very , very low debts in 1938, 
  greece is still in the euro ? 
  france is an [ oligarchy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oligarchy ), 
  subtitles,
