  just take your time ... we \u00b4 re here to serve you and your interests, 
  because the areas that received the most eu funding are the poorest areas , with the highest levels of unskilled man labour , easily replaced by immigrants and refugees workers . 
  to this people immigrants and refugees are a threat , that \u00b4 s why they voted to leave . 
  ok , the door out is that way -- , 
   no we left because of concerns over unrestricted immigration from eastern europe . 
  i don \u00b4 t care why you guys left ; actually you guys didn \u00b4 t left yet , and actually you guys wheren \u00b4 t in , in the first place . 
  i think it \u00b4 s obvious the moscow policy to finance everything that divides europe ... the uk was an easy target if they had anything to do with the referendum, 
  - money from russian oligarchs/mobsters poring in the city - this flirt from farage , and other right wing extremists in europe , that are financed by moscow . 
  do you need more ? 
  this is on the news , so , do i need to search them for you on google ? 
  can you elaborate that ? 
  russia has the uk in his pocket . 
  it \u00b4 s like a free sex house ... 
  i like it, 
  how do you reach those conclusions ? 
  i wouldn \u00b4 t call it grief ... more pity, 
  shocked to hear that some people actual believe it . 
  brexit won \u00b4 t happen , face it, 
  glad to know that some people somewhere in the uk think of ways to leave the eu, 
  til : there where brexit planners . 
  i can trust this guy ... his face has trust all over, 
  can \u00b4 t they change greece name and fiscal number to a fresh start ? 
  for 1 sec . 
  i really thought i was on the good guys side ... 
  brexit in it self and all this propaganda news about it , in this sub , are like a bad taste soap opera, 
  only with big corporations \u00b4 s debts ... profits are still capitalism ( private ), 
  italy, 
  georgia, 
  blue sky , green grass , trees and a house !, 
  ... greece ? 
  what brexit ? 
  a portuguese newspaper [ diario lisboa ] ( http://hdl.handle.net/11002/fms_dc_25911 ) the headlines : the events are precipitated was proclaimed dantzig annexation to the reich the fueher send a day \u00b4 s note to the army saying that needs to respond to the force with force, 
  you got me there for a minute !, 
  why they booed ? 
  can i laugh now ? 
  ... or still is too soon ? 
  one guy to the other : - is that a lada ? 
  - apparently ... - should i shoot ? 
  - don \u00b4 t know !, 
  ... looks like a nice family to me !, 
  i like the camouflage with the bushes ... very hard to see by the transgressor , making it easy to fine, 
  france is over rated ... 
  we \u00b4 re already screwed , you just don \u00b4 t know that ... 
  the future is bleak no matter who wins . . 
  they really thought they could win , didn \u00b4 t they ? 
  what are you saying ? 
  ... the system is rigged ? 
  ... could not saw that coming, 
  wow ... where \u00b4 re the missiles ? 
  anyone controlling that ? 
  `` dramatic '' ... feel the chill of that expression, 
  lol, 
  yeah i know ... in a state with in a state you have the ~ ~ power ~ ~ money to push any creepy agenda , and basically buy anything you want ... with little to none accountability . 
   as our business has grown over the years , we have become the largest taxpayer in ireland , the largest taxpayer in the united states , and the largest taxpayer in the world . 
  creepy stuff ... this is not a corporation , more of a state inside a state ; the only existence of this vast global corporations is a menace to the world . 
  imagine the power of the people who control this kind of shit . 
  ... and if the father says he \u00b4 s not the father ? 
  this is paedophiles dream coming true ... welcome to the `` first world '' children, 
  those border fences , are to keep refugees out or their citizens in ? 
  you where trying to con-substantiate your position of anti migration , with the comparison of the actual europeans with the native indians/americans , inducing the underlying statement the europeans will be extinct like the indians ; i \u00b4 m not afraid of your threats . 
  have they left already ? 
  a few decades ago ended in gas chambers ... i \u00b4 m sure this time will go smoothly, 
  wow i \u00b4 m so scare now ... 
  i think i will have nightmares on this now ... 
  if the population needs substitution is because is not a big thing of population, 
  how she dared to expose his xenophobic people to the world ? 
  ... now they have to see and speak with this third world ~ ~ people ~ ~ low lifes ... shame on her, 
  says the guy that stepped in saying one thing and left saying other ... 
  the status quo is rotting , but this opposition to it smells as bad ... 
  `` attack europe '' the best they can accomplish is to kill some innocent people and try to press the public opinion , because isis doesn \u00b4 t pose a military threat to any serious country, 
  is like an old person who can \u00b4 t control their fluids and has to use diapers, 
   actually , i believe it was one of two viable options it wasn \u00b4 t an option because most of the borrowers where french and german banks ... meaning that in case of insolvency , the rest of europe was going down with greece, 
  we need money to pay the richer classes ... ordinary people is dried out, 
  why pay more when you can pay less ? 
  ... now the vulture has feelings ? 
  so this is the first world , and that is the third world !, 
  ... how do you call people that work for low salaries in the stores of h&m and other big corporations ? 
  ... we \u00b4 re only slaves with better conditions than the ones in the so called third world , but slaves like them still ... 
  this is the norm not the exception, 
  if i work on that city , and i with the help of others discover something important in the field of biomedicine for instance ; what stops me from selling this knowledge to a big corporation ? 
  how can the people of this city finance their activities . 
  where do they will live , who will build their homes , what do they eat and who will produce that food ... 
  / u/wikipeida means wiki-fart / wiki-ass , is this a joke ? 
  how do you keep interest at bay ? 
  ... from corrupting and stealing the work of the people of that city, 
  the r&d of new products , like the electronic components on the apple iphone are made in state sponsored institutions , like universities ; this r&d is costly , takes time and is very risky ... so private organizations jump out of this train . 
  this products after being developed are handed over to private organizations like apple , so they can make a profit seling this components ; what happened here is what i called privatization of the profits ; the government took the time , the money ... and apple ripped the reward . 
  the same goes for banks ; when this institutions give profits , they are distributed between their shareholders ; when they go bust , governments are there to pay the bill ... 
  not only this corporations get the products they sell from governments r&d transfer ( a.k.a. 
  privatization of the profits ) , they give the finger to this same governments , evading taxes ; and at the end of the day , they are too big to fail ( a.k.a the governments are going to pay our unpayable debts ) someone needs to declare war on this people . 
  so , no more funding to isis via turkey ? 
   that the majority of the italian banks could go bust any day now like any other western country . 
  the financial system is on the hedge of collapse for years . 
  since 2008 people are pushing the all system to the edge ; this a systemic problem , not from any country individually . 
  [ in the proportion of population ] ( http://imgur.com/a/lglrb ), 
  yes, 
  is as if the world is slightly understood by a small group of experts , who elect other experts to become even more experts ... either that or they don \u00b4 t understand shit and are pay to say things , because , you know ... experts . 
  i thought was my comment on greece a few years ago ... just don \u00b4 t lose your faith , you eventually will get something right, 
  lol ... this pseudo experts are leaving the realm of delusion to enter the realm of pathetic, 
  not necessary,
