  they need to pile up, 
  so , this means capitalism is over ? 
  i got some bills to pay , and if the show is over !!, 
  . . fu *** this, 
   they have been saying that the debt is unpayable in its entirety from the beginning . 
  they must be some kind of greek geniuous, 
  don \u00b4 t forget that our second largest city is paris ... euro 2016 is just the tip of the iceberg ... napoleonic invasions : we do not forgive , we do not forget ... except us ... uaaahhh, 
  so now we have half britain trying to stop globalization ... is like : `` f *** what can \u00b4 t go wrong with this picture ? '', 
  never saw that coming either ... 
  so they knew they were fuc *** people up ? 
  i \u00b4 ve never thought i could agree with brexit britain ... 
  north africa and the mediterranean coast line are now a battle ground ; ex-european colonies are joining the war effort . 
  probably . 
  eu is one of the two largest economies in the world so what we decide internally has a lot of repercussions around ; being germany the largest single economy internally ... 
  so the people actually dealing with the problem have no responsibility on it , only the bureaucrats in brussels that can \u00b4 t get their shit together and present solutions to the problem . 
  makes you fell better to insult people who have a different view point from you ? 
  ... grow up, 
  in another title : `` give us money to ~ ~ help ~ ~ create jobs , with the refugees influx '' . 
  i \u00b4 m not saying that greece or any other country should not receive help to deal with this overwhelming refugees problem ... but this crying baby mentality ... 
  i would like to know how well organized are the institutions that deal with refugees in greece or italy ; maybe they tell a different story about the difficulties on the ground . 
   in a socialist country , you 'd still need to work . 
  i \u00b4 m not saying you can escape work for a living . 
  you have to work for a living no matter if you work in the fields or in a company . 
  there ' s a fundamental difference working for a salary and living from the goods you produce in the fields . 
   we 're not slaves . 
  if you need to work all your life for a paycheck at the end of the month , your a slave . 
  with far better living conditions than the black slave centuries ago , but still slaves . 
  tradition is not what it used to be ... 
  in a sense the wars of the past where cleaner ... we all knew the enemy and we all knew we could die ; but this ? 
  interest wars ? 
  the enemy can be every where and changes sides quickly . 
  i couldn \u00b4 t agree with you more . 
  what a hell these people want from us , the little people ? 
  we \u00b4 re slaves with no will power to stand our ground . 
  we \u00b4 re all divided between older , younger , man , women , rich , poor ... and yet we sell everything to buy the latest iphone so we can only be a part of something ... feel that we belong somewhere to some kind of group of like minded people . 
  our governments lie to us all the time and all centres of power and control where taken by the oligarchy ... the mass media is a lost cause , just look at the results of the us elections ; no one thought that trump could win ... because they all live in a parallel world ; this can not end well, 
  the man has a point . 
  why an hair cut when all the problems remain ? 
  ... it would be a matter of time before greece needed another hair cut ; and in greek case probably a very short time . 
  it \u00b4 s unexplainable the lack of commitment to reforms from governments ; in portuguese case , everything is business as usual , but if you get a good pr government , they make you believe the worst has passed ... unbelievable . 
  elections ? 
  there \u00b4 s a lot more in populism than a simple vision can counter balance . 
  if they ignore him hard enough maybe he go away, 
  it should read :  merry christmas ...  courtesy from a goldman sachs near you, 
  eu is also shengen area , free movement of people . 
  uk is against freedom of movement . 
   brexit means freedom no it doesn \u00b4 t. 
  brexit is against freedom of movement . 
   that 's why it 's a good thing we 'll be leaving . 
  why didn \u00b4 t you guys jump in the boat , joining the euro for instance , and fight for a more democratic eu ? 
  i don \u00b4 t see where more freedom given by eu is a problem . 
  if you exchange a free movement society like the eu , for a more controlled one , like the uk ... 
  i don \u00b4 t see this as a good thing for the uk or europe, 
   sadly i see this as evidence that unlimited free speech also can be completely exploited and kill the free society in the end . 
  i don \u00b4 t see where unlimited free speech is a problem . 
  if you have unlimited free speech you would have a sensationalism and `` click bait '' free press along side with boring objective reports ; if you put on top of this a sane society to choose among all ... 
  i don \u00b4 t see the problem here . 
  holy shit ... 
  uk was left speaking with himself , in a schizophrenic dialogue . 
  it \u00b4 s like watching our societies being dismantled in slow motion . 
  let them come ... we \u00b4 ve been waiting for them . 
  don \u00b4 t underestimate the french ... 
  now , about your pills ... 
  they finally left ... 
  i 've just came here for the lion tamer ... 
  indeed they are ; i wonder what nato is doing there . 
  the baltics could be a buffer zone without nato and/or russia, 
  now nato has to send more troops to the region ; has a deterrence measure of course ... this is never an escalation of the conflict . 
  how they pop up this names ? 
  ... what a disgrace of society ;, 
  in a sense poverty is a shield to migrant influx , hence divisions in society ; i agree with that idea but i see other divisions . 
  family divisions , young/old , rich/poor , employed/unemployed , ... 
   germany is not the us or the uk so germany is in full employment with few social and cultural conflict ? 
  if the statistics say one thing , the opposite will happen . 
  fool me once , shame on you , fool me twice shame on i. 
  no thanks . 
  after all the shit we had to ear from stiglitz and friends , you can take your sinking ship and die alone in the ocean , with no one to help you out . 
  extreme right parties in portugal are prohibited by the law , although we all know at least one active , with manifs against migrants and other left wing causes . 
  they where initial prohibited after a right wing dictatorship of over more than 40 years in this country . 
  ( if i \u00b4 m not mistaken , this dictatorship came to power as a response to deep republican divisions and extreme levels of poverty in this country ) i wish i was wrong , but with the bankruptcy of the left and extreme left movements , the lack of a scape valve , like a extreme right wing party , as a protest vote against the status quo , can only mean that a storm is gathering in this country \u00b4 s horizon and we can rapidly descend into chaos . 
  i think this is really the end of the road for turkey ;, 
  this can only came from mentally disturbed people . 
  wtf ? 
  did they check the rivers ? 
  ... always a good place to start looking ... 
  4 turkish soldiers claim political asylum ... in any brexit/trump voter head , this counts as mass migration . 
  when i find out i will tell you, 
  i believe not ... 
  i wasn \u00b4 t referring to germany specifically . 
  big corp subsidizing candidates , corruption , misinformation , manipulation ... peanuts ; russia is a big problem compared to this . 
  wtf ? 
  ... is got to be a joke, 
  that \u00b4 s ok . we southern europe are used to central and eastern europe fucking all up from time to time ;, 
  i totally agree ; i \u00b4 m not naive . 
  but being eu a work in progress project , the uk position for instance : for a less bureaucratic commission , was also in my interest . 
  turning backs on this causes is also turning a back on the other member states because we all benefit from each other work , like in a good marriage, 
  yes it is . 
  first uk is in europe , western europe , like the rest of us ; second we , eu and uk , started a path together years ago , that the uk never embraced totally with the refusal of the euro for instance , and now totally rejects with the brexit . 
  uk turn his backs on me with the brexit, 
  every day i came here this sub is flooded with articles related to brexit .
