  also , people can be manipulated , and a majority democratic decision imposed on a minority , can be questionable, 
  no but if you are waiting that a democratic election where the majority of people makes a decision , to be a wise decision ... think again, 
  hitler was democratic elected ... that wasn \u00b4 t necessary a good thing, 
  a guy woke up one day on a bad mood ... pledge alliance to isis and starts killing people !, 
  ... how can someone stop this ? 
  religion isn \u00b4 t the cause ... religion is a tool ; people live miserable life ... that \u00b4 s the cause . 
  do you consider that the uk can make one-to-one deals with any eu country , without the union having a say ? 
  i use to respect britain , but the last months it has becoming a laughing joke, 
  you guys should wakeup to reality ... 
  if this is a religious problem , how do you explain young raised western people to go and join isis ? 
  let \u00b4 s be honest . 
  this is much more than a crazy muslim taking revenge for the war in the middle east ; when you get western raised young people to join daesh ... 
  and uk = / = england, 
   some people might call him insane people are stupid and they tend to be like the sheep ; they go where everybody goes ; if someone says it \u00b4 s possible to go in other direction , the sheep tend to call this people mad ... until the mad accomplish the `` impossible '' ... then it \u00b4 s a genius ... stupid bastards, 
  you guys are religious ... and it \u00b4 s probably good , to be religious : darwin is a lie and the evolution of species , bullshit . 
  the uk won \u00b4 t last that long ... 
  the `` eu candidate '' it \u00b4 s probably an accurate prediction ... 
  look like friendly nice going people , those austrians ... 
   so what should we do ? 
  be poor and have 20 % unemployment no ... we can be all tax heavens ... we can be all rich ... or we can make a french revolution when we , the people , are fed up of feeding useless elites . 
  holy shit ... and who \u00b4 s buying industrial stuff from ireland when we have china ? 
  so why are we , not only falling in economic recessions over and over again but , not recovering from them in a timely way ... 
  killing your adversary for economic survival reasons is not immoral, 
  26.7 % in one year ? 
  ... that \u00b4 s the equivalent to a rocket launch to the moon ... are you guys exporting drugs or what ? 
   what this all means is that britain is now likely to have another election that will indirectly decide how the brexit should happen -- or perhaps even if it should happen at all . 
  whatever happens , expect many to be disappointed -- and to wonder what their vote in the e.u. 
  referendum was really all about , anyway . 
  ... so now we have to carry the dead man in our backs ? 
  ... just leave for god sake, 
  wine , beer , cider , gin , brandy, 
  so many have so much to be thankful to so few ... 
  previous portuguese teams had a beautiful game play ; unlike this one , watching portugal play was a pleasant sight . 
  the downside was that we never won a top competition ... we where sent home , with a bad taste of being a team with a good game , much of the time playing better than the adversary , but with no results ... 
  i guess this it \u00b4 s a strange way of reality coming back to bite you ( france , germany ... ), 
  [ how portuguese football commentators reacted to portugal \u00b4 s goal ] ( http://www.rtp.pt/noticias/euro-2016/o-golo-de-eder-contra-franca-na-antena1_a932699 ), 
   the worst team of this euro . 
  the ~ ~ worst ~ ~ best team of this euro . 
  that \u00b4 s why it won the euro ... 
  like france or even germany in the recent past, 
  it \u00b4 s a class division in europe no doubt ; and farage alerted in his speech after brexit : '' ... eu elite is in denial ... '' they fu ** up when they saved big banks in bailouts , and now are calling for bailin ; people lost their jobs and in big parts of the society forever ... the working class is screwed , and they want to save the big and corrupt corporations , with no prospects for the common men ? 
  ... people are mad , like the brexit vote says . 
  i sincerely don \u00b4 t understand why the uk or any other region has to have special treatment . 
  the rules are applied to every one , with out exception ; don \u00b4 t like the rules , try to change them ... don \u00b4 t want to change them ... get out or shut up, 
  hey look on the bright side ... that guy made his decision freely and independently, 
  and ? 
  ... did it touched the other side of the earth ? 
  the queen is dead !, 
  ... long live the queen, 
  i don \u00b4 t think putin is stupid enough to call armageddon upon him . 
  the careful crafted strategy on crimea is a sign of respect towards nato . 
  he knows his limitations . 
  i like this guy ... let \u00b4 s kick some ass, 
  just ignore them ... eventually it will collapse in it self, 
  jews in germany again ? 
  ... holy shit, 
  unity against the fragmentation represented in uk would be a great response to detractors, 
  low-skilled workers do the job that locals don \u00b4 t want to do ... in a free market they can be more valuable than skilled workers, 
  i don \u00b4 t know . 
  this referendum was bad ... just look at the arguments putted on the table and the emotive charge in them . 
  how can people make any life 's changing decision in this conditions ? 
  i don \u00b4 t tend to make very stupid decisions in my life ... so that \u00b4 s not an issue to me . 
  my bet : the uk will be dismantled and the nations that came out of it will apply to join eu separately, 
  that \u00b4 s because she \u00b4 s too old to take that step safely, 
  i agree on the healthy part . 
  in life you try a new coffee flavour ; you take in new information , process it , and change your mind ... or not . 
  in life you try a new car ; you take in new information , process it , and change your mind ... or not . 
  in life you decide the future of your country in a yes/no hysterical referendum , affecting the life of people now and for future generations ; you change your mind the minute afterwards ... you just should kill yourself , don \u00b4 t quit your day job , or give a bath to the dog , but refrain to give your stupid opinion, 
  i mean after seeing what happened in uk their desire to leave should be the same ; if people change their views like they change underwear , in sensitive matters like this one , that says a lot about them ... not in a flattering way, 
  people are strange ... like they don \u00b4 t have a clue what \u00b4 s best for them, 
  what a fucked up country, 
  holy shit ... so it \u00b4 s true ? 
  i like the fat boy ... does he have a fan club , so i can join in ? 
  nice answer, 
  someone has a lot to explain : what deal was made with the uk prior to the referendum ? 
  you \u00b4 re assuming there will be a britain to reenter ... you \u00b4 re very likely assuming it wrong, 
  i don \u00b4 t think farage will have the last laugh ... let \u00b4 s just wait a little more to see what happens, 
  ... without actually leaving ... it \u00b4 s all in your head !, 
  lol, 
  when the economy is growing , when the job market it \u00b4 s good ... it \u00b4 s easy to be pro establishment, 
  lol, 
  looks like an ape ... thinks like one ... must be one, 
  the uk and his new lows, 
  did anything positive happened to uk today , with this referendum , besides the ego boost of the arrogant people that defended the brexit ? 
  the circle of life ... uk tasting his own poison . 
  look on the bright side : the beans are tasty ... 
  don \u00b4 t tell me ... a politician was caught lying !, 
  sadly i agree with you, 
   eu falls apart if uk becomes a successful case after leaving i think that is already being covered by the almost collapse of the pound and the breakaway movement from scotland and probably northern ireland . 
  the uk left this referendum more weaker and divided than before ... those are nor signs of strength, 
  eu economy it \u00b4 s one of the biggest world economies even without the uk ... if you see the eu as a group of individual countries you \u00b4 re seeing it the wrong way ... it \u00b4 s one economy made of several different regions . 
  holy shit, 
  the sterling pound says it \u00b4 s only the uk, 
  is this eu falling apart or the uk falling apart ? 
  this isn \u00b4 t from serious people . . 
  if this people where rational , we weren \u00b4 t talking about a brexit, 
  this it \u00b4 s called common sense ... why is it news ? 
  denmark is like a ... milking cow ... `` gibe me the money '', 
  what happened to the tax evasion and money laundering business model ? 
  so leaving the most powerful economic zone in the world , when you guys are not totally in it in the first place , is not an act of isolation ?
