  no they aren \u00b4 t ; there \u00b4 s a thing called prevention and intelligence forces . 
  i don \u00b4 t get all the fuss about extremist islamic in europe via migration ; there are laws in europe , courts and police forces to apply the law . 
  yes you can . 
  with time and an organized society you can pin the trouble makers , the free riders ... 
  bad people will come among those refugees ; it doesn \u00b4 t mean they are all bad people . 
  authorities should arrest this bad people . 
  next : greece tries to extort more money from eu to meet the requirements . 
  looks like they only get subsidized if they bought john deere tractors, 
  if you don \u00b4 t legalize them , they will be always second class citizens with no right in the welfare state ; in that sense you can have free immigration, 
  great ... less land and more people to live in it !, 
  i agree ... this trouble makers should be deported . 
  they don \u00b4 t trust hungarian authorities ... well neither do i. 
  because this boys and a lot more die in an attempt to reach europe . 
  the point with my post it \u00b4 s to make it clear that this is a global problem not only european ; it \u00b4 s european in the first place because has to deal with all this people , but several countries outside eu have shared responsibilities, 
  i didn \u00b4 t made anything ... it seems like a part of the history of this boys . 
  do you have any problem with that ? 
  and what ? 
  in your face orb\u00e1n !, 
  someone should put a bullet between this guy eyes, 
  it \u00b4 s not only german dickhead, 
  not so thankful ? 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  1-2 hours daily  how often do you visit / r/europe [ 2 ] ? 
  everytime i go to reddit  what country are you normally resident in ? 
  portugal  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  portuguese - advanced , french - basic , spanish basic  what interests you about europe ? 
  news about europe  what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe [ 3 ] ? 
  i like the diversity of the community , but i don \u00b4 t like very much the anti austerity brigade , especially the greek one that tries to silence me , because of my anti greek status quo positions  do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  as a moderator in more 2 subs  why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  to put people in line  why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i accept diversity of opinion and i don \u00b4 t like bullying  do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  statistics and data mining  what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  looked at it once and though it was too confusing ... too much info  what 's one weakness you have ? 
  don \u00b4 t have my info ready to support my opinions with links  would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  one horse sized duck  what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why emancipation - beautiful women liberated in europe from social constrains teach in schools, 
  here we go ... 
  i \u00b4 ve seen this images before , in some riots a few years back, 
  a true test to europe ... one more . 
  want to make the easy way out of this ? 
  ... close the borders and prepare for war ... something we europeans are used to ... old habits don \u00b4 t go away easly . 
  10k or 1 person it \u00b4 s not the numbers it \u00b4 s the persons ... everytime a person it \u00b4 s saved , humanity gains hope for a better future . 
  i think they are after you, 
  i like the glowing red , fat and using sandals with socks ... sandals with socks ? 
  ... what the fuck it \u00b4 s wrong with this people ? 
  i don \u00b4 t think this people want that ... they want money . 
  remote locations don \u00b4 t have money, 
  this is very common in portugal ... helping others , probably helping more easly foreigners than portuguese . 
  the other day this news came out [ only portuguese ] ( http://economico.sapo.pt/noticias/familias-portuguesas-estao-a-oferecerse-para-acolher-refugiados_227307.html ) . 
  portuguese families showing their will to receive migrants , grown ups and kids alone . 
  we \u00b4 re not like the rest of europe, 
  i was being sarcastic, 
  segregation, 
  and only if they \u00b4 re white with brown hair, 
  launched from the guy who pushed greece and probably europe to the brink of collapse ... everything for the sweet taste of power, 
  the price is going up now ... 
   the door is that way -  so why are you still here ? 
  there \u00b4 s no leader in the parliament ? 
  or there \u00b4 s no president in the republic to appoint independent people ? 
  the parliament was elected by the people, 
  corruption investigations to government people or ex-government people for instance . 
  for me that it \u00b4 s clear and i don \u00b4 t understand your doubts . 
  laws are made or approved in parliament not in government ; the government it \u00b4 s only responsible for executing them , hence the executive power . 
  the only difference in a caretaker government it \u00b4 s the limited action of the executive government . 
  it \u00b4 s not the preparation that threaten the reputation ; it \u00b4 s the investigations that will go one way or the other , when the `` friends '' she will get in politics now , will be involved . 
  being greece an highly corrupt country , this only throws to the mud the reputation of the courts, 
  to the courts what belongs to the courts and to the executive government what belong to the government ; you can \u00b4 t mix them or your democracy is finished , caretaker or no caretaker government . 
  it made a lot of more sense to be someone from the parliament, 
   greece 's top supreme court judge this says something about the promiscuity in politics ; there \u00b4 s no separation in executive power and the judiciary one ... democracy what democracy ? 
  i will wait to see how deep goes the rabbit hole ... then i will move, 
  for fun or for maintain power ... you pick , the result is the same, 
  young people here are out of work , but if you have a farm and you want people to pick up apples from your trees , you won \u00b4 t find any locals , only foreigners to do this job . 
  your examples for automation are not valid for the real world . 
  maybe one day in the future , but surely not now . 
   with automation we simply wo n't need unskilled jobs in any great quantity . 
  that \u00b4 s what you say ; there \u00b4 s no automation in taking care of old people , cleaning services ... normally the kind of jobs that educated people don \u00b4 t want , but that are also necessary . 
  this means war ... this extreme rights movements want war , we shall declare war on them . 
  fight fire with fire ... what the hell they think they are ? 
  the way they treat this refugees avalanche is shameful ; they \u00b4 ve been trying hard not to receive anyone and blocking the migrants entry in eu space . 
  this are human beings that represent probably 0,007 % of eu population ... old age population ; this people can be an important work force to revitalize europe \u00b4 s economy and also most of this people came from countries like pakistan or syria , ex-colonies from britain and france ... so there \u00b4 s also an history linking countries like britain and this refugees . 
  uk gives europe a bad name ... shame on them, 
  i agree with him . 
  british positions on this issues has been shameful ... 
  some europeans give europe a bad name ... and still this are better conditions to travel by sea , than most of migrants face now to get to europe, 
  what a shitty speeches, 
  those losers are everywhere not only in northern europe ; i was refereeing to the antisocial culture in northern and some eastern people, 
  is this macedonia ? 
  ... good , those incompetents could do damage control by only let them pass , because no one wants to stay in that shit hole, 
  northern europe is starting to show what \u00b4 s made of, 
  someone should teach this guys how to be a man, 
  now i \u00b4 m confused, 
  we need to remove the internet ... it keep remind us things we don \u00b4 t want to be reminded ... or even deeper , like removing life on earth, 
  this people just want some an excuse for their agenda, 
  russian grocery stores !, 
  ... putin \u00b4 s new enemy ; `` we will fight them in the air , in the ground , in the sea '' and in the ... supermarket, 
  can we assume that new micro organisms long gone , will come to living ; like extinct deceases ? 
  clearly professional work ... don \u00b4 t mess with this guys . 
  i will never forget that little girl .
