  went there to check it out ... not disappointed, 
  eu won more medals than us , china , russia , japan and south korea combined . 
  does anyone needs more than this to live ? 
  congratulations on the country . 
  my condolences for the people who run it . 
  do people born homosexual or is the environment they live that makes them homosexual ? 
  a bird told me that it \u00b4 s until the end of the year ... then a bigger bird came and the little bird had to run , without saying the year ... crap, 
  just read the first paragraphs ; `` europe is in recession and it \u00b4 s dragging the rest of the world with it '' ... sounds bogus ; `` the rest of the world is in recession and europe is helping the party '' ... more like this , no ? 
  romania is getting into the spirit ... in no time they will have an unpayable debt ; but hey , the western corporations keep their pockets full and jobs for their workers . 
  this makes me sad . 
  i don \u00b4 t get it ; how can the uk claim to be the supreme example of democracy and their people the last standing defender of the will of the people , when their own democratic process is as rigged as any other western country ? 
  i bet he got amputee from both hands in a previous visit to a police squad ... 
  why voting ? 
  ... is the country stopped without a government ? 
   anyone knows what would happen if someone were to kill someone with diplomatic immunity ? 
  what democracy ? 
  ... wake up, 
  switzerland should exit the eu ... oh wait never mind, 
  give the finger to vienna convention or declare war on iraq ... 
  like i said in other response ; if we can \u00b4 t prosecute the diplomat , let \u00b4 s prosecute the country that send the shitty diplomat . 
  so let \u00b4 s prosecute iraq , for sending criminals to portugal with diplomatic immunity ;, 
  for making laws that allow criminals not to be prosecuted , or to allow criminals to have diplomatic immunity, 
  so why don \u00b4 t we prosecute the entity that gave this people diplomatic immunity ? 
  so why we discussion the year the art . 
  50 of the lisbon treaty is triggered , so the negotiations to actually leave can finally start ? 
  what could be worst than being with one foot in and the other out ? 
  wanting to go out and staying in or wanting to go in and staying out . 
  didn \u00b4 t putin said that wanted to trade oil in other currency other than dollar ? 
  that \u00b4 s what i call obliteration, 
  we all make mistakes , but our past also says a lot about us . 
   schoolmate revealed that nigel farage used chanting neo-nazi songs . 
   nf are the initials of nigel farage . 
  however , one of the main drivers of brexit took pride in these early because they can also be associated with the national front ( extreme right party the national front ) . 
   this is one of several revelations made to the independent by a former colleague of farage school . 
  the same source account , for example , that nigel used to sing neo-nazi chants in the streets . 
  ` gas in all ' ( referring to the gases used to decimate thousands of jews during the holocaust ) was the main verse . 
   the same colleague farage , who requested anonymity for fear of reprisals , said the ukip party leader used to be reprimanded in class for defending supporters of fascist ideologies and was often punished for it . 
   it is recalled that , together with boris johnson , nigel farage was one of the uk 's independence supporters , which resulted in a referendum where the most voted by the british option was in favor of out of the european union . 
   after the controversy caused by the victorious ` yes ' to brexit , the british mep was further criticized both by english and by european leaders , by deciding to `` abandon political life '' , not without stating that the day of the referendum should now be national holiday , on behalf of `` independence from the united kingdom . 
  didn \u00b4 t the uk left the eu already ? 
  ... what is she doing there ? 
  are you sure ? 
  i believe i \u00b4 ve read somewhere in the al-quran that is ok to have sex slaves . 
  victorian era sucks ... what \u00b4 s the point of a women going to the beach with almost all the body covered , not catching sun , and what \u00b4 s the point of man going to the beach without watching almost naked beautiful women ? 
  man wearing dresses , women wearing burkinis on the beach ... islam keeps pushing boundaries of civilization to new lows . 
  you \u00b4 re right , this has nothing to do with santa claus, 
  wow ... take it easy ... you should spend less time reading the daily star . 
  the european south exists because life it \u00b4 s possible on earth ... anything northern than that is some kind of mental disorder . 
  we already have the bifana and the wine , so ... don \u00b4 t make this a cuisine dispute , because we know the good life . 
  first we buy their cars to keep their economy running , now we need to fight along with them for ... ?? 
  uk economy is dependent of the russian mob money, 
  you probably still believe in santa, 
  you \u00b4 re right . 
  the world is growing in a 2 digit figure , while europe is stagnated . 
  this news is 1h old , so i assume you where referring to another case like this one, 
   edit : this sub sticks to its roots [ they have a name for that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stockholm_syndrome ), 
  isis deals very well with this kind of people ... this is a declaration of war with mankind, 
  this corporate dictatorship ... 
  vladimir has friends ? 
  nazi germany invaded poland ... erdogan \u00b4 s turkey will have to invade his neighbours ; they will do anything to keep power, 
  call me again when the invasion of bulgaria starts ... 
  those sandals with socks give me nightmares -  [ nsfw ] ( http://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/1/590x/socks-sandals-413734.jpg ), 
  conquer more land to the empire ? 
  ... that kind of shit, 
   europe : the war soon  a year ago the media wrote that europe is approaching an imminent war , because the situation in the region is heating up . 
   recent events show that the forecast begins to come true . 
   so only in the last year there was a series of terrorist attacks in europe : events in nice , march attacks in brussels , the terrorist attacks in paris . 
   but it 's not just terrorists and supporters of the banned in many countries , including russia , `` islamic state '' ( isis , isil ) . 
   in the social atmosphere is heating up very much . 
  thus , residents of germany , especially women , become objects of attack by migrants . 
   and subjected to aggression were not only europeans , but also migrants . 
  for example , a refugee was killed in july in italy . 
   it turned out during the investigation , the killer was a member of the football fans group `` ultras '' , who was accused of murder motivated by racism . 
   discontent migration policy is growing in many countries . 
  for example , this is confirmed by the results of the referendum in the uk , during which the issue of migration was one of the key . 
   let 's try to sort out the problems . 
   migration -- the root of all problems ? 
   clearly , the influx of refugees in europe has become one of the most debated topics of recent times . 
  france , germany , united kingdom -- all of these countries were the main destinations for migrants seeking to europe . 
   for example , over 880 thousand migrants arrived in germany , 415 thousand of them -- eu citizens , and the rest -- the citizens of other countries or people without citizenship . 
   these data are given by eurostat , however , we must understand that the real figures are much higher , as many illegal immigrants penetrate into europe , which are not included in the eurostat statistics . 
   this is often the locals believe that the east europeans pose them to compete in the labor market . 
   the paradox is that , despite the rise in unemployment , the influx of migrant workers does not decrease . 
  europeans tend to have relatively high qualifications , easy job does not suit them . 
   therefore , indigenous people often receive unemployment benefits , while migrant workers perform unskilled jobs . 
   the situation of migrants escalated to such an extent that in many cities of europe , particularly in germany , the local population took part in the protests against the immigration policy of the authorities . 
   unemployment  one of the biggest problems is unemployment , which is on the one hand , is very different from country to country , but on the other -- within the same country the unemployment rate varies between different age groups . 
  thus , still the highest unemployment rate is among young people . 
   according to eurostat data , the lowest number of unemployed in eurozone are in germany -- 4.5 % at the end of last year . 
  in france , the rate is at a level of 10.2 % . 
   the highest unemployment rate was recorded in greece ( 24.5 % in october 2015 ) and spain ( 20.8 % ) . 
  it is noted that in some regions of spain the youth unemployment rate reaches 46 % . 
  in germany , the figure is 0.7 % . 
   at the same time the european union is not the first year of struggling with unemployment . 
  after the 2008 financial crisis , the situation in this area has seriously deteriorated , as well as the eurozone economy is still struggling with the consequences of the crisis , restore employment rates is not possible . 
   the result is rather disappointing : unemployment is a significant part of the population of european countries , which can not find something to do and ensure a decent wage . 
   together with them in the streets of european cities are migrants who often can not and do not want to assimilate with the local people , learn from their culture . 
  the situation is explosive . 
  dangerous statistics  statistics does not add any optimism . 
  thus , analysts portal zerohedge.com still in 2013 warned that such a situation may lead to social unrest in some european countries .
