  russia propaganda machine ... this tells me that , with snowden admission to russia , putin `` the psychopath '' was planning this for a long time, 
  good news, 
  happy not to see my country in this list, 
  those too ... probably worst than this guys ; they should all be condemn to live together in a confined space for the rest of their life, 
  stupid people doing stupid things ... they should clean the mess and pay for the damage done . 
  sometimes yes ... especially in the toilet ... paper is in disuse, 
  yeah ... but i know stuff like : `` quality management '' or `` total quality management '' ... things that average portuguese or greek can only dream of ; stupid people think jobs grow on tree , go figure . 
  your limited view of the problem doesn \u00b4 t enable you the see what i \u00b4 m saying, 
  that was not what i was saying ;, 
  is that portuguese wine ? 
  ... don \u00b4 t take cheap imitations , go for the real thing, 
   we have swallowed the bitter medicine of austerity , what austerity ? 
  ... a lot more unemployment and difficulties to put food on the table for a lot of people , because they where living on non sustainable jobs ;, 
  nice try putin ... 
  cry babies ... time to became men and face responsibilities for your actions, 
  war in europe ? 
  ... again ? 
  '' ... who will die for eu ? 
  ... '' - well , ukrainians are ... 
  i stopped there, 
  lol, 
  weak people who know their are the weakest link , get fun this way ... 
  what \u00b4 s the problem with eu woman ? 
  ... wait !, 
  i already know the answer ... 
  just put the swiss guard in the front-line against russian troops !, 
  ... let them handle the problem they created ... next ? 
  secret stuff ? 
  can we get more small groups ? 
  ... is like kids in the playground, 
   and one good way of preventing it is scrapping the euro . 
  the only way to prevent it is to make societies better , with stronger institutions and responsible politicians, 
  every one benefited from the union ; if it wasn \u00b4 t the euro greece or portugal , or spain ... could never raised the amount of cash they raised in the markets ;, 
  portuguese debt is also not payable, 
  well your economics theory is doing so much good to the economy worldwide ... is just fantastic ; let \u00b4 s just call it science , so we can be more profound and convincing, 
  i studied management in a university and i work, 
   obviously my home and all other possessions probably working as a public worker , with money guaranteed at the end of the month , even if you pass your days playing with you balls ... you don \u00b4 t know what life is . 
   for the 1000th time , running a country has absolutely nothing to do with running a household budget . 
  you don \u00b4 t know what you \u00b4 r talking about . 
   being resonable they are coming to my house and telling me how i should be doing things ; if they need my money they need to answer to my rules ... or else no money  t 's much better than to just blindly follow the german axis . 
  those losers not even can do that ; they been cheating the books all along with no reforms , and you telling me it \u00b4 s easy ? 
   i 'm baffled by how the majority ... i \u00b4 m not in moral higher ground ... it \u00b4 s fucking common sense , jesus christ ... where do you guys come from ? 
  ... mars ? 
   austerity has been an unmitigated failure austerity is not a political ideology ... if you ever worked in your life you knew that . 
  people need to live with what they produce ; you can not live forever on borrowed money ... at some point no one borrows you . 
  rules need to change , like societies change ... nothing is forever . 
  but is not greece that is going to change that , because greece needs the money to put food on the table ; want change ? 
  ... gain credibility with hard work and honesty , after that , and only after that people can seat at the same table and discuss changes . 
  if you guys are that good ... fuck the creditors ... if you guys can live without their money great , fantastic ... if not , obey the rules, 
  at this point everyone wants grexit ... so we can stop talking about greece and move on ; just bury the dead and life goes on . 
  injecting money in the economy results in things like this, 
  if you put that bed up , against the wall you don \u00b4 t need that much space, 
  where \u00b4 s my money ??? 
  ... just give me back my money, 
  you \u00b4 r free to do whatever you want , but your freedom ends where other \u00b4 s people freedom starts . 
  i would like to know his definition of democracy if his party gets into power, 
  in order to maintain the power of a few ... a lot more have to suffer, 
  in that case war is inevitable ... 
  if i \u00b4 m ukrainian and i can \u00b4 t decide my future you \u00b4 re leaving me no chance but to fight for it ; russia is still the bad guy, 
  so where does the ukrainian fit in that equation ? 
  ... any chance that they really want to be part of eu ? 
  russia lost all her rights the moment invaded another sovereign state, 
  so the invasion of crimea and ukraine is west fault !, 
  ... but the tanks rolling in ukraine are russian . 
  you got ta it all wrong man ... greece isn \u00b4 t suppose to be like germany and produce bmw \u00b4 s ... greece is suppose to be like greece being competitive in what makes greece greece ... that \u00b4 s all . 
  the money they got from investors wasn \u00b4 t suppose to build swimming pools in tax evaders owners !, 
  it \u00b4 s was to build strategic assets that self sustained greek economy ; guess what ? 
  ... they failed miserably . 
  greece is a failed state . 
   syriza 's government is becoming a tragic reminder that countries should be governed responsibly maybe that \u00b4 s their plan . 
  in order to change an oligarch state , so intrinsic corrupt , you need to destroy that state to rebuild it again, 
  that only happens because they where unable to change ... now they are starting to fall apart, 
  it \u00b4 s the crisis in europe ... black europeans are jumping the fence to get to morocco where life is better ... and greener ** edit : ** probably greeks escaping the humanitarian crisis in greece caused by germany imposed austerity measures, 
  what you call anti-greece circlejerk i call : '' people who struggle to live up to their commitments '' , and feel a lit bit offended by greek lack of moral values . 
  news headlines tomorrow : `` putin is bad in keeping secrets ... secret '', 
   how europeans react to their declining status in the world your \u00b4 re pathetic ... and starting to repeat yourself in different accounts . 
  it \u00b4 s nicolas maduro that pays you ? 
   the moment greece leaves the euro-zone , every anti-eu party will be given the keys to victory no it won \u00b4 t, 
  not only american troops died in iraque or afghanistan . 
  us or any other country leaving nato ? 
  ... are you retard or something ? 
  ... nato is for common protection, 
  the 4 months extension program already passed ? 
  ... well that was quick, 
  makes some sense ... the poor is already used to live with very little ; on the other hand a rich person would have to go trough a lot of pain to live like the poor, 
  there \u00b4 s nato , with far more fire power and the hability to promote eu interests around the world, 
  let \u00b4 s face it ... this guy on the side walk is young ; so get back to work ... there are so many things a guy can do , only with the power of your hands and feet ; but i guess you need brains too ... that \u00b4 s why i believe this is a psychology crisis ... people are trapped inside their own `` non existing '' problems . 
   russian economy what economy ? 
  nice belt !, 
  i don \u00b4 t need more ... only those 2 are responsible for more than 50 % of greece troubles , or any other country for that matter, 
  you need to elaborate on that ... 
  no shit mr. 
  obvious, 
   but the lack of connections over the pyrenees means the surplus is lost . 
  hey france ... that warm feeling in your back ? 
  ... it \u00b4 s our `` power '', 
  europeans are much more of everything ... 
  i got all the resources i need ... thanks ; then again , oil would be a good resource ... does russia have oil ? 
  ... or gold and silver ? 
   you do n't have to repeat it 3 times a day i don \u00b4 t repeat it 3 times a day , but if i would want it i would repeat it 3 or more times a day , because i live free speech society,
