  the countries euro pegged are making an adjustment in their highly leveraged economies , that \u00b4 s why it reduced the gdp of this countries, 
  the security forces also speak in the parliament ? 
  the guy didn \u00b4 t took his pills, 
  euro is fine thank you, 
  it works for portugal, 
  greek hole is getting deeper and deeper every day, 
  ahh ... communism, 
  oh oh ... left wind intellectuals are pissed off ... beware of the hordes of followers, 
  blame isis, 
  apparently for them greece doesn \u00b4 t need the money ... in other news : `` greece fails another payment to the imf '', 
  greece is not europe ... there are 18 other countries in eurozone that borrowed money to greece ; greeks can \u00b4 t do everything they want in europe ... in their failed country yes , they can pay taxes whenever they want and do whatever they want , there \u00b4 s no government and institutions for force them to anything ... but greece doesn \u00b4 t lives alone in the world, 
  that why we are all bankrupted, 
  god ... thanks for your comment i was starting to get worried ... now i will read the article, 
  for centuries european nations fought with each others ; this culminated in 2 world wars with millions of innocent deaths ... this gives a glimpse of the shit that is alternative to a federalized europe, 
  with almost 200 % of debt ... greece it \u00b4 s an occupied state a long time ago , just doesn \u00b4 t know it ... yet, 
  build a fence is more of strange people than civilized one, 
   it 's economics not religion yeah right , you cleary don \u00b4 t get the point . 
   how can anyone take you seriously ? 
  don \u00b4 t. 
  i don \u00b4 t want you to take me serious because i believe you have nothing to add, 
  why do migrants want to go to hungary ? 
  ... it \u00b4 s just a way to civilized europe , they don \u00b4 t stay there, 
  north europe doesn \u00b4 t want to admit that is bankrupted ... until that happens , we \u00b4 re the bad guys ... it \u00b4 s because of the cold , communications tend to be slower on ice, 
   the guy thinks and says that he is completely right and everybody else wrong , and people , i guess , buy into his confidence ...  i 'm laughing at the thought of how every one of his moves was applauded/feared to be some kind of masterful game theorist stroke it \u00b4 s fear, 
  you are the one that \u00b4 s being economically illiterate and has an ideological view on the matter, 
   well ... this is ridiculus . 
  facts tell otherwise, 
  just fighting for what i believe, 
  source ? 
  the guy was getting prepared to introduce a new currency in greek economy !, 
  krugman like all other economist suffer from one problem ... they are a hoax ... social sciences don \u00b4 t exist because they can \u00b4 t predict results, 
   but that 's how countries with their own currencies get out of recessions and become more competitive : they don \u00b4 t become more competitive , it \u00b4 s an artificiality . 
  with a devalued currency you probably export more , but the side kicks are : you get high inflation ... so everything gets devalued , even your savings ... sure you get a lot more jobs , but this are short term jobs , they will became outdated fast ... you \u00b4 re competing on low salaries ... this is no future . 
   the intention of the memorandum is : internal devaluation sure the devaluation , not to became more competitive but to erase debt ; greek economy it \u00b4 s almost all debt , very little value it \u00b4 s added , so you need to deflate the bubble, 
  if varoufakis is a good economist i \u00b4 m captain america . 
  a guy who doesn \u00b4 t understand the reason of reforms calling austerity an ideology to destroy greece and says that greeks should go suffer the pain of leaving the euro ... it \u00b4 s a dilettante, 
   devaluation is what is needed no . 
  being competitive is what \u00b4 s needed . 
  devaluation is like no reforms and increase in sales ... an artificiality to maintain the status quo, 
   it 's also a lot of us vs blaming some else for our problems as a group or a country , has the benefit of uniting this group or country against this perceived threat, 
  my guess ... and totally blind guess ... it \u00b4 s that greece has a military strategic position , meaning a lot of interest try to control the country . 
  this makes it highly corrupt with obstacle everywhere to reform , even if people or governments want to reform , that i \u00b4 m not totally sure about . 
   drachma devaluation could lead to some benefits to the trade balance in the medium term that \u00b4 s not a guarantee, 
  the list of reasons to stay in the euro is so vast , that i will only say some : inflation control - with dracmas greece like any other country had to print money to compensate discrepancies in foreign trade . 
  with inflation your savings will loose value every year . 
  in countries like greece or portugal that aren \u00b4 t very competitive , they had to print a lot of money , meaning high inflations . 
  devaluation - with dracmas people salaries and pensions would be devalued in ~ ~ 40 % when converted from euros ... also people savings . . 
  syriza was totally cornered ... even if they left the euro , they probably would suffer a coup from the coronels ; if they stay in the euro they need to compromise, 
  hardly the only case, 
  more humiliation than greece has been submitted by their own governments all this years ? 
  krugman !, 
  you can kiss my ass, 
   it 's a badly architected monetary union well me and my fellow compatriots , never experienced this kind of development in history , so ... can \u00b4 t be that bad , can it ? 
  portugal like greece isn \u00b4 t first world, 
  this crisis in greece raises several questions ; one of the questions is : do eastern european countries have culturaly and mentally speaking what it takes to be part of the first world ? 
  ... makes sense to expand eu to eastern regions if this people are years being the development ladder ? 
  ... can i expect the same from one turk or greek than one german or one british ? 
  this is the same question in different angles, 
  just me ? 
  ... `` the worst thing europe can do to greek people is leave them delivered to greek \u00b4 s elite ... pasok ... even syriza '', 
  a lot of greeks , in this sub too , have problems dealing with the true, 
  no it won \u00b4 t, 
   and comes out on top what ? 
  tsipras comes out on top ? 
  [ relevant ] ( http://mythologian.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/ouroboros.png ), 
  this populist parties are popping up every where in europe , probably , except portugal ... it \u00b4 s the same old extreme left and we have no extreme right ( they are forbidden here ) most of this populist ride the wave of dissatisfaction in europe , supported by people ( or countries like russia ) that aim to profiting from europe disintegration of europe weakness . 
  i strongly support change , but not the change this populist advocate ; europe need a renovation of their institutions and to work on things that aren \u00b4 t working and needing improvement . 
  political stability is paramount ; in case of greece they haven \u00b4 t political parties to rule the country not a good economic situation . 
  things will work out fine , we just have to work on survive one more day ; probably we will see in the coming years new form of organization in europe with more power to regions and less power to central governments , that tend to make a mess . 
  regions in europe will try to attract citizens , not countries . 
  cheers , from portugal, 
  this question as a good obvious answer ... what worries me is that greeks feel they are have a right to be helped after shit like this ; let \u00b4 s get real how can a state function , any state if their citizens only pay taxes when they want , where more social status means paying less taxes ... ? 
  the lack of respect in our society never ceases to amaze me, 
  nothing that wasn \u00b4 t expected , so ... 
  auchh ... a lesson to tsipras and left wing losers, 
  greece , 1st of august 2015 ... more than 90 % of public workers and pensioners did \u00b4 t receive their salaries ... riots , assault on state institutions ... 
   austerity has failed this guy it \u00b4 s a genius ... no one figured that out before ... please give this man a nobel prize in economics, 
   and in my mind comes from your government 's continued emphasis that portugal is totally different from ( and in a better situation than ) greece . 
  it \u00b4 s kind of insulting you saying that my knowledge from this situation it \u00b4 s formed by my country pm , or that my positions on this matter come from listen and reading my government positions ... how naive from you . 
  the source of info and knowledge is to vast, 
  you also have to admit that the greek pride , after all the shit done and they are standing naked alone asking for a special kind of help , not any help , just makes them an easy prey, 
  lol, 
  brilliant ** edit : ** who would pay greek public salaries and pensions ? 
  that would be an hostile attitude ... then we had to send the turks no nationalize the greek state, 
  that \u00b4 s why no one wants to leave , recent admissions to the euro are very happy with it , and future members , mainly eastern europe are willing to join, 
  greece . . 1st of august 2015, 
  between the choice of political suicide or the country suicide ... 
  yeah right ... greek position is everything but rational, 
  ministry of awesome strikes back, 
  economy it \u00b4 s a science ... why can \u00b4 t theology be a science ? 
  something tells me that he never stopped working at valve, 
  at the end of the month , when their will be no money to pay the greeks ... they will probably kill each other and no more greece talks, 
  now in a more serious note . 
  i \u00b4 ve heard some journos commenting the situation in portuguese tv , and they already talked in mass uprisings and rebellions when at the end of the month public servants and pensioners won \u00b4 t receive their salaries if i was in greece i would get out of there fast, 
  cool ... and you actually don \u00b4 t have to pay for it ? 
  are you guys naive enough that though that your parents and grand parents could steal anything they wanted from the state , and their would be no consequences ? 
  ... shit hit the fan not only in greece , but especially in greece ... boomerang effect, 
  how does it feels to leave your house in a ferrari , using bad roads and slums all around you ? 
  why would we want to punish a greek ? 
  they already punish themselves enough , and ... blame others for it .
