  this guy still has a job ? 
   ot the rest of the countries in the ez might decide to let countries who have not managed to get debt under control this it \u00b4 s much bigger than a reckless and incompetent piigs ; it will take more time but will hit the northern countries as well  hy should other european countries have to suffer just because the portuguese elected a government that followed orders ? 
  the word it \u00b4 s trust ... something that markets take very seriously, 
   greece will have to exit precisely because the ecb did n't do that do what to greece ? 
  ... lend money to greece without an end ? 
  so it can sustain their unsustainable economy and society ? 
   why punish greece for being the canary in the coalmine exposing the problem of a lack of emergency procedures then ? 
  greeks problems of lack of liquidity it \u00b4 s because the lack of trust that structural reforms will go on ... international trust eroded in a big way by syriza . 
  in that sense the punish greece is suffering is a self imposed one , because no one will borrow you money by your conditions, 
  in what planet this people live ? 
  i think the primary surplus is gone ; foreign investment dropped ... 
  putin \u00b4 s prostitutes are going for a home run, 
   they come from a different , radical left political tradition and have stuck to their argument that greece has suffered enough punishment . 
  so wait after greek default to see what \u00b4 s punishment . 
  greek situation has worsened a lot after syriza victory ... bce will protect the euro zone after the grexit, 
  looks like armageddon it \u00b4 s going to hit greece ... hold on, 
  greece leaving the euro is only a matter of days ; how will varoufakis and friends tell the result of their hard negotiations to greek \u00b4 s people ? 
  putin \u00b4 s roubles, 
  putin pay master , after tsipras reverence will save the day ... with their worthless rublos , 
  greece case is not a drama it \u00b4 s a tragedy, 
  * greece will survive for years to come on the bce restricted money supply , forcing greek governments to drastic cuts in the state salaries and pensions, 
  looks very nice ... 
  because they are retard , unlike you guys, 
  eastern europe ... giving europe a bad name , since ... 
  the `` humanitarian crisis '' in greece is political bullshit that serves some parties agenda \u00b4 s ; but this so called `` humanitarian crisis '' hides one reality : people are suffering , because they where accustomed to a way of living and they can \u00b4 t live any other way . 
  it \u00b4 s like a rich guy that suddenly gets poor and kills himself because it \u00b4 s not accustomed to that and the psychological distress of going backward in life is too much . 
  it \u00b4 s not even a greek problem , it \u00b4 s an human problem , that exacerbated by the undeveloped greek society , that makes the changes unbearable by not preparing the majority of the people , and mostly not providing alternatives . 
  they were born in the wrong side of the fence ... oh wait !, 
  this has nothing to do with retirement age ; it \u00b4 s the level of pension expenditure divided by the gdp ; what greeks pays in early or not early pensions to greeks is above all the eu countries . 
   $ taste $, 
  what a mess ... 
  a deficit means expenses  receives = shit it \u00b4 s gon na hit the fan sooner or later, 
  no one does, 
  plot twist ... money doesn \u00b4 t grow on trees ... someone , somewhere has to pay for those pensions . 
  they will have to go down with or without the euro  over here in germany , this would end like that as well . 
  in germany and portugal and any other country ... there \u00b4 s no economy to sustain the social state , at least a social state that we knew in europe until 2008, 
  like i said it \u00b4 s the country that most spend on pensions, 
  so greece is the country that most spend money in pensions ... and still the fuss about pension cut, 
  this greek government is leading greece to the chaos ; greeks already said they want to stay in the euro, 
  lagarde : `` we \u00b4 re short of a dialogue ( with the greeks ) ... we need to dialogue with adults in the room '' lol edit1 : key points : * greece will be in default to the imf at the end of the month * it \u00b4 s impossible to reach an agreement and implement it until the end of the month * an agreement is still possible even after the end of the month edit2 : imf cut the cord to greece ... greece is europe \u00b4 s problem now and is in free fall to default - my opinion, 
  triple blow ... we \u00b4 ve sent greece as a sign of diplomatic `` good will '', 
  who got arrested and why ? 
  hungary ... another shit hole ... 
  disgusting people, 
  greece : `` fuck who borrowed us money '', 
  don \u00b4 t worry , if we ignore him hard enough it will go away ... 
  i think putin has a strategy to divide europe ; with greece situation coming to a potential breakup , putin is putting pressure on the east borders ... or is just coincidence ? 
  yeah ... the truth hurts, 
  this greece [ here ( 2010 article ) ] ( http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2010/10/greeks-bearing-bonds-201010 ) . 
  there \u00b4 s nothing to negotiate ; just nuke the place and start all over again it \u00b4 s someone else \u00b4 s fault ? 
  ... greeks are the victims of the imf ... bla bla bla, 
  fuck putin and what he says, 
  how can serious people can even seat at the negotiation table with this guys ? 
  jesus christ ... this is actually unbelievable worst than anything i have seen in my already very questionable country ; great read ... thanks, 
   essentially , the eu will have proven eu solidarity is a myth a myth ? 
  if there wasn \u00b4 t the ecb greece already left the euro . 
  if there wasn \u00b4 t the troika greece defaulted a long time ago , because it couldn \u00b4 t get loans in the market . 
  if it wasn \u00b4 t the euro greece could never had borrowed the amount of money they had , relying on dracmas ... for you solidarity is a blank check with no accountability ? 
  britain will leave the euro ? 
  ... oh wait they never ... 
   i do n't like syriza , but they are right about one thing : they have the upper hand here in the greece vs eu equation , greece has the upper hand ? 
  i disagree . 
  eu will go on without greece , probably more united than ever after seeing the results of default in greece, 
  what does the greek government will say to greek people after the financial meltdown of the grexit ; `` i know you guys didn \u00b4 t wanted to leave but we had no choice '' ... it \u00b4 s failing their election compromise . 
  yes . 
  and who decides what and how much can be paid to creditors ? 
  ... you tell me that greece debt is unpayable , and i agree , but a creditor can also say : `` do a better job collecting taxes '' or `` fight better the shadow economy , so you can have more money and can pay me more '', 
  i don \u00b4 t understand how leaving the euro would solve any of this problems , greece faces ... in a lot of aspects not only won \u00b4 t solve nothing , but will create a lot more ; with dracmas greece won \u00b4 t be able to import a lot of things , so ... a lot of people have a lot to win with the grexit . 
  not in portugal ... we \u00b4 re a few steps ahead in the evolution process, 
  well it has been ruled by left dick heads ... it \u00b4 s darwin working, 
  greece is in worst state now than when syriza won the elections , and the questions is how worst can it get in how much time . 
  i see your point . 
  i would keep the 50 000 public workers the longer i could , the problem i see is that in the very very very close future , there won \u00b4 t be money to pay them . 
  so you can keep them , but you won \u00b4 t have enough money to pay them 12 months of the year ... it \u00b4 s a controlled bankruptcy . 
  face the fact that you can \u00b4 t afford them and work on alternatives on the way of living . 
  this won \u00b4 t be limited to greece ... we all have to go through this , because there is not enough work for everyone . 
  i agree with you , except :  so the question is ... do we focus our energy on creating misery for the transgressors , or do we invest in a better future where they have a chance to add some value to this union ? 
  this not not a matter of creating misery for the transgressor . 
  this is not a matter , as some people say , punishing greece for their behaviour ; altough greece is suffering from what it looks like a punishment , what we seeing in greece is a result of what happens around the world ; the financial sector collapsed , so there \u00b4 s no endless money to greece or to any other country . 
  this implies a significant change in the paradigm ... and greeks can \u00b4 t make it ; things will never be like they where just a few years ago ; it \u00b4 s not a matter of punishment , it \u00b4 s a matter of reconstruction of a people society and mind set , so it can sustain itself with the less pain possible for the less fortune . 
  what we \u00b4 re seeing with varoufakis and friends , is the testing to the limit , to profit from it , of the policies for a controlled financial meltdown that germany and friends are trying to accomplish . 
  in the limit is about gaining time , and greece is exploring the all world stability , to profit from it, 
   useless emotion to the discussion it \u00b4 s people \u00b4 s life 's we are talking here ... sorry for being so `` emotional '', 
  there \u00b4 s a reason why someone invented the police ... go figure, 
   punishment jesus christ are you retard ? 
  ... all this is a punishment for bad behaviour ? 
  ... made by who , creditors ? 
  you know , there \u00b4 s a fine chance of possibility that the guy is only full of crap and what he says won \u00b4 t actually happen ? 
  everyone has if fair share of responsibilities in this shit storm ; i agree . 
  i \u00b4 m a federalist , and this greek crisis threaten an united europe . 
  for me things are very simple ; a divided europe is war . 
  i don \u00b4 t want this to happen and i blame greece for their total lack of competence in raising decent governments and for nurturing a failed society . 
  greeks elected their governments and for the good and the bad this governments represent the country . 
  if it \u00b4 s a shitty government like the greeks always had and still have i have to blame the greeks for this . 
  sorry , i will continue to express my anger to this people , everyone who has contributed and as interests in this state of affairs . 
  so if you don \u00b4 t like me you have a lot of options , including ignoring my posts . 
  anything in between ... fuck off, 
   critical thought greece is in days of running out of money ... it \u00b4 s been like this for the last months and years ; the country is in a wreck ; only had a good economic situation when entered the euro with all the easy money it could borrow and the numbers they cheat ... so keep up the good work ; you can get argentina or venezuela ... go for it, 
  greece is a shit hole, 
   can you just shut up fuck you ... no i can \u00b4 t,
