  so you only want the part of the democracy that suits you best ? 
  you want to choose this , don \u00b4 t want that , exclude this one , include that one ... what a fuck is this ? 
  a joke ? 
   what do you do after they registered and start a mass migration to germany , now registered ? 
  let them go.i would try to provide alternative options to the migrants on their way , like accommodations and possible job interviews or job oportunities i \u00b4 m not here defending refugees ; to a lot of them there \u00b4 s no excuse to their attitudes , like dumping their kids or confronting the police . 
  this is people that desperate , came from war zones , different cultural backgrounds and need an attitude correction by the authorities . 
  that way it \u00b4 s important to separate the refugees , according to their menace level and deal appropriately . 
  nothing of this was done by the hungarian authorities . 
   hungary simply let the refugees through at the beginning , they were n't antagonized i \u00b4 ve read that large poster where exposed in hungary , telling the refugees to go away from hungary , that hungary doesn \u00b4 t want them . 
  orban leads a government that \u00b4 s more close to a russian fascist regime , than from a western prosperous democracy , and is using the refugee crisis , to manipulate hungary population on his behalf , inciting fears and reviving old traumas . 
  all this before the crisis took this proportions.the level of international criticism to hungary just tells how bad they are dealing with all this . 
  that \u00b4 s a good question . 
  i don \u00b4 t know if 95 % of the refugees don \u00b4 t want to register ; find it hard to believe . 
  one solution would be to open corridor trough the country ; people would walk , of would use convoys in buses or trains ; along this corridors it was needed check points ; this check points would have humanitarian help and registrations ; in this registrations you would have the first selection of refugees . 
  you don \u00b4 t needed all registered in the first check point they pass , but people who refuse to register would be arrested in probably , `` concentration camps '' style prisons ; this `` concentration camps '' would be a constant flash point to authorities , and here it \u00b4 s where i would like to see riot police in action ; not against helpless woman and children . 
  people would have to wait in this camps until they get registered or face deportation . 
  i don \u00b4 t believe families would refuse registration in his circumstances ... we only would see young man here ... that \u00b4 s why the riot police was good for a good old fashion education all this was possible in an organized society or government ; i don \u00b4 t think money would be a problem to this kind of implementation , brussels would give the green light for this operation , this is more the inability of the government to mount the operation . 
  hungary has been antagonizing refugees since the beginning , yesterday when we saw riot police against woman and children was the inevitable consequence of their lack of ability to tackle the problems, 
  that \u00b4 s what you think, 
  your level of incompetence it \u00b4 s behind words, 
  that \u00b4 s why i say eastern europe gives europe a bad name, 
  no , just bad parents ... like many others european parents . 
  hungary has a very good public image ... nice work . 
  you guys should stop recruiting greek \u00b4 s pr . 
  fuck the assholes, 
  this people are so racist that they refute even the basic facts of this crisis , presented in the video, 
  if you find how to help refugees don \u00b4 t forget to tell me . 
  there are 4 million syrian refugees outside syria , if we took then all , it would represent less than 1 % increase in the eu population ... irrational fears of what people don \u00b4 t know . 
  well equipped and trained hungarian police beats helpless women and children ... very dignifying, 
  lol, 
  this refugees represent less than 1 % of europe \u00b4 s population ; they don \u00b4 t represent a menace to the stability of the region , especially if they are scattered across the continent , and with real help on the ground to the integration process ; you \u00b4 re judging their reactions from our perspective ; they come from a very different cultural background , they are young and they are desperate . 
  their should be institutions in this eastern countries to make the registration process faster as the processing process to other countries and integration . 
  wow ... i \u00b4 m so afraid, 
  my opinion about your comments it \u00b4 s just you are retard and ignorant, 
  just a thought, 
   i imagine that portugal could send a ship over and take some of the people we \u00b4 re not xenophobic so bring them on ... we will do our part in helping easing the `` burden '', 
  so what \u00b4 s up with all those people behind the fence ? 
  i don \u00b4 t think they are being registered ... more barred, 
  for treating people people like shit , and not doing their job to register people who arrive . 
  europe has values, 
  eu needs to declare war on the v4 countries ... this is europe not a middle east shit hole or russia, 
  there you have millions of syrian , afghan , iraq \u00b4 s citizens watching german news and the first response to the invitations was to pack their things and their families and leave to germany ... all this in a mather of days and they already arrived to europe . 
  fascist need to came out with better stupidities to convince the masses . 
  nice move on the fence hungary ... there \u00b4 s no ways this will backfire ; smart move ** edit ** i was being sarcastic ... bring it on the downvotes avalanche now, 
   she sent an invitation to everyone and now a swarm of so-called `` refugees '' is invading europe . 
  do you really believe this shit ? 
  ... people spend months and years on this travel to europe ... wake up ; this it \u00b4 s just the beginning and has nothing to do with merkel invitations . 
  in your face \u00d3rban ... 
  what do you mean ? 
  people from other countries in war aren \u00b4 t refugees ? 
  people aren \u00b4 t going for this trip for some kind of game ... this people are desperate ; people need help , when they choose between dead in their countries and possible dead from the journey ahead ; dignity please, 
  `` it is a ruthless and inhuman game , playing with the lives of people fleeing one the worst conflicts in the world , for a little political gain . '', 
  i sincerely hope that countries like hungary will be putted in her place ... a very small corner in a very dark room, 
   it should be greece job to turn the boats away but we know the story turn away an overcrowded dingo ... bravo ; let them die , right ? 
  who cares anyway . 
  i like the repetition technique ... to emphasize the message, 
  arrest them and punishem ... guys in prisons have a little taste for rapist, 
  people already have worst animals than those in their countries ... actually they have born there, 
  people aren \u00b4 t stupid ; they can distinguish a bad apple from a good one , and avoid troubles for themselves by taking people in their houses, 
  6:00 am with that level of noise pollution ? 
  ... first thing the police should do is to stop that shit, 
  if schulz needs people to fight those shameful countries , i \u00b4 m in ... 
  europe \u00b4 s economic power it \u00b4 s already in decline for a time now . 
  if the people forget the values !!!, 
  ... what will be left of europe ? 
  they should be scattered all over cities . 
  putting them in ghettos it \u00b4 s the first step to don \u00b4 t integrate . 
  especially if they are putted in ghettos, 
  you didn \u00b4 t get my point ; the antagonizing attitude by the hungarian government towards the refugees was a shot in the foot , when the government needed their cooperation for the identification process , that willingness by the refugees wasn \u00b4 t there ... understandable ; and this it \u00b4 s even more ridiculous when the refugees didn \u00b4 t wanted to stay in hungary in the first place , hence the no reason to make refugees life harder in hungary . 
  but i guess orban it \u00b4 s too stupid to understand that . 
  the hungarian government has been antagonizing refugees all the time ; they are rebellious because they don \u00b4 t trust hungarian authorities . 
  and all the incompetents in the government hat to do was to let them pass . 
  the level of incompetence of this people it \u00b4 s beyond words ... maybe that \u00b4 s why not all countries are developed countries . 
  they are rebellion for a reason douchebag, 
  i respect germany ;, 
  is there more info on this ? 
  goodbye ... ? 
  are they going anywhere ? 
  you guys spend too much time indoors . 
  the technical name for it \u00b4 s dementia . 
  you should go out more often , and meet new people, 
  looks like they are doing a great job there ... pathetic, 
  portuguese it \u00b4 s a peaceful people . 
  we had our troubles in the past , but our african ex-colonies aren \u00b4 t near what other europeans ex-colonies are ; we also integrated well romans and ex-colonies people in our society . 
  syria it \u00b4 s a french ex-colonies , afghanistan an ex-british colonies ... and we all know what it \u00b4 s happening now in those countries . 
  besides , the rest of europe , including the eastern part it \u00b4 s responsible for the worst part in human history , like the 2 world wars . 
  so go back to the hole you came from, 
  eu firm response to this crisis is being deliberated sabotaged by some states, 
  eastern europe ... giving europe a bad name since ... ever incompetence it \u00b4 s king by those sides, 
  i wouldn \u00b4 t swap a thousand of ~ ~ you ~ ~ refugees for 1 ~ ~ refugee ~ ~ of you, 
  that too, 
  none, 
  any area with no industries ... industries fuck people \u00b4 s minds . 
  no it \u00b4 s not ... 
  i see 97 % whites everyday, 
  great more refugees ... millions of them !, 
  portugal, 
  only if we put people like farage in the boats, 
  doesn \u00b4 t he has a mirror in his house ? 
   are only useful after the fact or crime has been committed .
