   eu is breaking apart join the cue to take your bite ... not going to happen , sorry ... as a matter of fact , on the contrary, 
  and nato is waiting for them in the eastern european border . 
  lol ... the delusional disorder of this people ... 
  ... wtf is this ? 
  a beauty contest ? 
  generalization of course ; it \u00b4 s more easy to find people that know major cities in europe , than people who know places in a 100km radius of where they live ... with the plus that in a 100km radius of where they live has some astonishing places . 
  `` nossa senhora '' has no translation ; if you try to translate it to `` our lady '' sounds weird ... also : portugal has fantastic places , most of them unknown to most of the people ; they prefer to go abroad , it \u00b4 s cheapest and more fashionable, 
  they are . 
  money is almost worthless ; what gives money his imprinted value is the agreement that you can exchange it for something worth equivalent . 
  no one asked me anything . 
  why should i trust what could be fake poll ? 
  apologies accepted  and no , i \u00b4 m not a nordic person , just a regular fucked up portuguese living in fucked up portugal ... 
  `` mistake '', 
  was about time ... 
  why ? 
  too late ... too much suffering in the world, 
  ok ... let \u00b4 s just hope you \u00b4 re not too close to him ... 
  i could see china taking the gloves off ... 
  are you trying to say that i don \u00b4 t need the shits i have and i should spend the short money i have in babies ? 
  i \u00b4 m i missing anything ? 
  did any country exited eu ? 
  i \u00b4 m i missing anything ? 
  did any country exited eu ? 
  judging by the recent polls all over the world , this is not good news for her ... 
  yes , let \u00b4 s reverse globalization ; let \u00b4 s raise barriers to imports from asia ... might as well declare war on china , would be quicker . 
  stupid , ignorant ... 
  colonization 2.0 they got a taste of one of us independently , now they are going to experience all of us at once ... gon na grab my insect repellent ; the last one to get there is a dick . 
  you \u00b4 re right , it will be unpopular . 
  but what will the political spectrum say when almost all african males in working age will be in european soil , or in queue to enter ? 
  what is ? 
  it was out of our control , keep the colonies longer ; they where part of a bigger game played by the eua and urss, 
  wtf ? 
  do i need to answer you or are you clever enough to find an answer ? 
   that 's how europeans did it , right ? 
  i believe so . 
  my country was always a poor country , so people needed to search for a better life elsewhere ; but i question the definition of a better life and the fact that our migrants always wanted to came , for what most of them call home . 
   do people care about the alternatives ? 
  the old people are willing to sacrifice their future as a society in order to buy a better life ; any upgrade in their fragile economy will take too much time to happen ; is interesting to notice that farming , is not only difficult , but is not an option anymore , because it doesn \u00b4 t pay well enough anymore ... 
  i wonder why, 
  so , there \u00b4 s no alternative to migration ? 
  either that or the benefit that countries like germany had on the euro ; suddenly millions of next door costumer for their cars and products , that with countries with their own shitty currency had no way to buy them . 
  the uk government probably has troll brigades and robots all over the net to pass the narrative that brexit is a good thing ... anything goes to distract the masses . 
  last thursday i had to face a dazzling 25\u00bac in the beach here in portugal ... coats where a problem though, 
  wtf is wrong with you people ? 
  we live in a world where kids are killed by parents , sold as sexual slaves , forced to use weapons and kill , sexual abused by the inner family members , abandoned , used as slave workers ... what \u00b4 s the big deal with this ? 
  it \u00b4 s only private when they don \u00b4 t need a bail out from the public or when they share the profits of the robbery . 
  the time when crime was institutionalized, 
  i don \u00b4 t think is a fear of being invaded ... it \u00b4 s a similar feeling in the west ; our societies are falling apart and chaos is inevitable . 
  better be preprepared than be sorry . 
  [ more of the same ... ] ( https://youtu.be/ztistky2kte ), 
  and there \u00b4 s still far more chances to die from a car crash than from a terrorist attack ... priorities, 
  and in a regular deposit , you have interest rates higher than inflation ? 
   a simple deposit is insured up to 100 000 euros . 
  and a few years ago banksters sold no risk financial products to depositors . 
  with a system falling apart , i think i won \u00b4 t take any chance on that insurance . 
  ** edit : ** and what good the insurance is when the system is declared bankrupted . 
  look at greece ; you can have 1 million in a bank , but you can only withdraw 150,00 $ a day, 
  if a simple deposit carries this level of risk ( losing everything ) close all the banks , open casinos instead , that i will put my money under the mattress . 
   german intelligence warned in late november that russia had launched a campaign to meddle in upcoming elections to the bundestag . 
  and in early december , the cia said it concluded that moscow had already interfered in the u.s. presidential election . 
  stupid question : isn \u00b4 t this what governments do ? 
  i don \u00b4 t get this ; banks get nationalized over criminal debt and we have to pay for this ? 
  ... revolutions were made for far less . 
  is it true that french elites shit their pants every time the people protest on the streets ? 
  ... because of what happened in the french revolution . 
  don \u00b4 t know, 
   especially when i notice there 's really nothing as good in the 21st . 
  [ sia - the greatest ] ( https://youtu.be/gksryldjspa ) and so many others ; you \u00b4 re over reacting, 
  `` the old empire strikes back '', 
  portugal has 2 official languages ; portugu\u00eas and mirand\u00eas, 
  superb, 
  that escalated quickly, 
  are they easy going ? 
  yeah , sometimes i like to make my own reality . 
  facts can be a pain in the ass . 
  europe has open borders ? 
  in all that land there has to be a lot of fertile soil and natural resources . 
  why so few people live there ? 
  i \u00b4 m sorry i \u00b4 m the one that has to explain this to you , but protectionism and the reversal of world trade with raising borders equals to war and final doom . 
  by your logic in 50 years germany will cease to exit as a nation , either by morphing into something else or by nuclear holocaust . 
  dead man walking, 
  i \u00b4 m i missing something here ? 
  poor , white and doesn \u00b4 t give a f ****, 
  so is a communication/information problem in the first place ? 
  shut up . 
  mass immigration my ass ... people don \u00b4 t have jobs , losing purchasing power ... there \u00b4 s a new class of poor people ; they work and they are poor , can \u00b4 t make ends meet , and you talk about mass immigration ( mass immigration = 2 % europe population ) ? 
  ... pathethic, 
  brexit , trump , syriza , podemos ... are not answers to anything . 
  they are a scream of anger from people that lost hope in a system that is collapsing at plain site . 
  europe is changing to something new and the old is still holding to the same modus operandis, 
  a person who defies he laws of physic jumping from a cliff is not brave !, 
  ... just a stupid person that doesn \u00b4 t know what is doing . 
   ( specially until retirement ) . 
   it 's kinda interesting because , if you ask any emigrant they will tell you that they rather be in portugal , but that they have a good life there and would n't want to give that up to return to portugal . 
  they only stay in the working country because ... that \u00b4 s where their life is !, 
  being it friends , family or work ... makes little sense to return after a while ; families breaking apart is one condition to be a emigrant . 
  it \u00b4 s not uncommon seeing people returning to portugal in the retirement , to their loving country and simply die after a while here . 
  don \u00b4 t you guys wan na join us or something ? 
  [ i believe is something they put in the water ... ] ( http://imgur.com/a/quz6f ), 
  must be the lack of space there is in russia .
