   to confirm the connection between the protests and the austerity measures , the experts studied the history of europe in almost a century -- 1919-2008 . 
  during this time , the continent has passed a difficult way from the constant social instability in the beginning of the century to the peace and prosperity in the pre-crisis period . 
   economists have examined all demonstrations , riots , acts of terrorism , government crises and attempts of revolutions that have taken place during this time . 
   the data showed the exact relationship between the reduction in government spending and political instability . 
  if costs are rising in the country the average of events are 1.4 . 
  if the cost reduction amounts to 1 % of gdp , the number of events increased to 1.8 . 
   if the costs are reduced by 5 % of gdp and more , it takes place in the year 3 and more major events . 
  what is happening in europe ? 
  after the 2008 crisis , a number of european countries began to promote a policy of austerity . 
   it is not just about greece , but also for other euro zone countries , not withstanding regime of austerity , including france and italy , not to mention spain and portugal . 
   this policy has recently been heavily criticized not only by analysts and experts , but also from the europeans . 
   however , german chancellor angela merkel , who set the tone in european politics , it seems , does not seek to depart from the principles of austerity and insists on its implementation by all eu countries . 
   this question , as well as the issue of migrants , is controversial , as some countries are increasing external debt , while others are forced to economize . 
   capacity of the external debt leads or may lead to a serious debt crisis , as in the case of greece . 
  in addition to greece , high external debt in countries such as portugal ( 232 % of gdp ) , cyprus ( 107 % of gdp ) , italy ( 144 % of gdp ) , spain ( 137 % of gdp ) . 
   looking at the recent unrest in some european cities , connected both to the situation of migrants around , and with the internal problems of the countries ( labor reform in france , clashes with police in germany ) , it can be said with certainty that the above theory is supported by analysts zerohedge . 
   therefore , many experts are sounding the alarm : the tension in society increases , and on the threshold of europe -- external danger in the form of lih , the fight against which is so important to the unity and cohesion . 
  and this is exactly what europe is now so lacking . 
  you should read the article ... it \u00b4 s actually very good, 
  what \u00b4 s wrong of being a eu of european countries ( except britain ) haven \u00b4 t we had this shit before in world history ? 
  ... why keep failing over and over again in the same mistakes ? 
  ... is not wise, 
  today ... cabo verde , tomorrow ... 
  the world ... wahahhahahahahahah, 
  [ infidels ] ( http://www.angelfire.com/hi5/interactive_learning/crucades2/crusadekks_files/titlecrusadestwo.gif ), 
  unbelievable stuff ... scary at least, 
   eu going to do , throw them out ? 
  you underestimate the power of money persuasion . 
  they don \u00b4 t even need a middle man to american jihads ... they buy the guns themselves ... `` france ? 
  hahahha ... don \u00b4 t worry about france , we have enough people there ! '', 
  of course it will , because it would be in an unjustifiable position with is members ; today the baltic countries , tomorrow france ... who could guarantee anything ? 
  this ends my internet for today, 
  brexit means uk it \u00b4 s official in a downturn, 
  the pull out of peripheral eu countries after the 2008 crisis was to gain some time ... looks like time run out , and the beast is biting the hand that feed her . 
  ** edit : ** put it another way : germany is down . 
  the last standing man is down . 
  let \u00b4 s be clear . 
  a formal invasion of a nato country would be unjustifiable to any alliance country . 
  what putin did in ukraine and georgia is to carefully exploit nato border country fragilities . 
  an invasion of a nato country can only have , and will only have one answer : war with the west . 
  i agree . 
  no one starts a nuclear war with the west , knowing that this means total destruction, 
  no one else has the balls or the brains to do it ... or no one else is that stupid, 
  makes sense ... but why not choose another beach ? 
  how can the uk be at the forefront when it didn \u00b4 t even entered the race ? 
  the uk was partially in the eu ... 
  spot on, 
  i share your opinion , but for this sub we \u00b4 re crazy , and you won \u00b4 t get a lot of karma for this, 
  this for the reddit experts is like water and oil ... they don \u00b4 t mix ... impossible to comprehend, 
  so referendum only when it \u00b4 s of the interest of some ... 
   might be that it should be for the people to have a direct say in it i think you should say : `` there \u00b4 re people that have an agenda on disrupting the most the eu process '' ... or to maintain coherence in his position , he has to defend the same referendum process to other issues that people consider pertinent ... let \u00b4 s finish once for all the representative democracy then, 
  thanks , makes more sense, 
  when i vote for someone in the parliament , i vote for his ideas , including ideas related to eu ... so i don \u00b4 t get your logic ; is this a representative democracy or are we going to have referendums for everything ? 
   citizens should choose , not parliaments i thought citizens choose when they voted for parliaments representatives ? 
  that \u00b4 s the basic idea of a representative democracy ... 
  so what \u00b4 s the missing link between the greek orthodox people and the iberia peninsula ... in the case of finland i can see the link , but here ? 
  women wearing a scarf in the head ? 
  we have that here , with the old women in the country side , especially in that time . 
  i thought it was because of the islamic invasions in our peninsula ... did you guys had that ? 
  are you pro brexit ? 
  where people need to go to make a living ... 
  i agree . 
  israel 's foreign policy is the bottom line of foreign policies ... very hard to go deeper than that, 
  ... or for a system that is unable to surpass mental problems . 
  independent scotland is as inevitable as brexit, 
  who cares ? 
  and the purge of erdogan ? 
  because terrorism is just an excuse to deploy troops , so they can help maintain order when factories close , institutions shut down partially ... 
  they need to keep demand for their car 's factories ... 
  so we need to choose between the ignorant masses or the orwellian elites ? 
  ... i \u00b4 m out , going to disappear in the woods , back to basics ... going to wait there for the armageddon, 
  the nightmare is coming true ... the average ignorant citizen is taking control ... now we \u00b4 re going down, 
  hey ... democracy !, 
  who cares ? 
  watching turkey news this days it \u00b4 s like watching a car riding on the wrong side of the highway ... it \u00b4 s going to crash soon , you just don \u00b4 t know when . 
  the european union project gave several decades of peace in europe , after 2 ww , where americans played a decisive role in the victory over the dark forces , played by nazi germany and mussolini \u00b4 s italy , and also in the building process of the devastation left by the war . 
  i don \u00b4 t know what \u00b4 s your agenda , and the agenda of people that try to paint americans as the bad guys on the wrong side of history , but clear tells something about those that try this approach . 
  i \u00b4 m not here defending the americans , responsible for a lot of bad that happens in the world today , but ignoring europe \u00b4 s dark past and it \u00b4 s inabilities to give an answer to his citizens ambitions , is not from someone straight, 
  who cares ? 
  the little men has spoken ... 
  [ here we go again ... ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-etqfeqvskcq/tozw3_7i9ei/aaaaaaaacg8/uwybmhr0ioq/s1600/crusader+knight.gif ), 
  looks like you want to argue on the us model vs eu model on gun \u00b4 s control !, 
  ... do you want to start by the number of victims ? 
  well ... there goes the money that \u00b4 s supposed to go to the nhs, 
  fu **** animals, 
  uk and us at the bottom ? 
  30 guys take a police station ? 
  ... very strange, 
  ops, 
  i would put border control !, 
  / s fortunately i don \u00b4 t have to respond to that ... i \u00b4 m just going to grab the popcorn and watch all this social unrest unfold ... because , you harvest what you seed personally i don \u00b4 t think there \u00b4 s a solution to this , just damage control . 
  it \u00b4 s like as if ... they don \u00b4 t have a f *** clue how to respond to this threat, 
  what for ? 
  i hope this comes back to bite the people who did this to the soldiers, 
  is he declaring war on us ? 
  ... or how the french 's social fabric is breaking !, 
  i sincerely hope that the people that did this to the soldiers be butchered the same way ... 
  i want the best to turkey ; right now , i seriously doubt erdogan it \u00b4 s the best to turkey . 
  if i support a coup d'etat in turkey ? 
  depends on who \u00b4 s commanding the coup ... i \u00b4 m not here defending `` western values '' to turkey .
