  i left there a post ... 
  europe should get rid of this shit ... nuclear plants are time bombs . 
  [ theory that germany was manipulated in recent past ] ( https://youtu.be/ewtx9bswvfu ), 
   the security debate is changing with calls for country to pull its weight militarily in about 10 days ' time the elite of the us and european defence and diplomatic establishment will gather in bavaria for the annual munich security conference . 
  sometimes it is an occasion for high diplomatic drama ; other times a chin-stroking gabfest . 
  this year , one senses there will be quite a lot to talk about . 
  at a time when many of the old certainties have been overturned , few questions seem inappropriate . 
  so in that spirit , i have one for those gathering in munich to consider : is it time for germany to go nuclear ? 
  simply entertaining the thought might seem grossly irresponsible . 
  the world , surely , has quite enough nuclear powers already . 
  also , history makes germany an unlikely candidate to join the club -- even if a fair number of the pioneers of the original atomic bomb were german \u00e9migr\u00e9s , thus making the country sort-of present at the creation of mass destruction . 
  german defence policy has long been characterised by restraint -- sometimes to the frustration of its allies -- and is obliged by international treaty not to take up nuclear arms . 
  this makes it all the more remarkable that the nuclear option is being countenanced in berlin , as part of a wider discussion about how germany might need to reposition itself in a fast-changing geopolitical environment -- one in which talk of a break up of the `` supranational '' eu or the `` obsolescence '' of nato is almost routine . 
  the spark for the nuclear part of this discussion was provided by the election of donald trump . 
  a few days ahead of the us presidential vote , an article in spiegel online asked whether , with the election of an american administration that may no longer care so much for europe or nato , germany might need to pursue its own , or a european , nuclear deterrent . 
  related article donald trump , nato and a strong transatlantic alliance it is high time for europe to take more responsibility for its security this was later echoed by roderich kiesewetter , a foreign policy spokesman in parliament for the ruling christian democrats and a former colonel . 
  he told reuters that if the us no longer wanted to provide a nuclear shield , then `` europe still needs nuclear protection for deterrent purposes '' . 
  a subsequent opinion piece by one of the publishers of the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung , germany 's conservative paper of record , made a similar case and suggested that it was time the country reconsidered things long deemed `` unthinkable '' . 
  it did not take long for the think-tank community and commentariat to weigh in . 
  some saw such views as the logical consequence of developments that could see germany left vulnerable in an increasingly dangerous neighbourhood , with a newly expansionist russia flexing its muscles to the east . 
  others maintained that it was reckless even to entertain such thoughts . 
  almost all observers have been quick to note that there is almost zero public support in germany for nuclear weapons . 
  even those who have raised the issue acknowledge this . 
  mr kiesewetter says that europe does not need another nuclear power . 
  he has talked instead about a european nuclear `` umbrella '' provided by the continent 's existing atomic powers , france and the uk , and possibly part-financed by germany . 
  other analysts note that germany 's more immediate defence requirements may lie in the area of trade , where the new us administration has identified berlin as the miscreant in a system supposedly manipulated to america 's detriment . 
  yet the very fact that this is being discussed at all is a further indication of how the german security debate is changing . 
  calls for europe 's biggest economy to pull its weight more militarily have been a feature of western defence discourse for years . 
  germany has responded , albeit cautiously . 
  past taboos about overseas deployments have been overcome . 
  defence spending is due to rise , and the need to modernise the armed forces is widely recognised . 
  now added to this are the disruptive changes threatened by brexit , the rise of populism and the election of mr trump . 
  in an extreme case , these could sever the moorings of postwar german foreign and security policy in europe and the western defence system . 
  in that context , thinking the unthinkable becomes more imaginable . 
  currency war against germany ? 
  ... this is pathetic , germany has the euro , a currency common to 19 countries . 
  how can you declare war to only one of this 19 countries ? 
  on the contrary . 
  never the forgotten regions of portugal got so much money/infrastructures to attract visitors or project their cultural inheritance elsewhere . 
  that \u00b4 s powerful, 
  one leg and feet can be social security , the other can be economy . 
  we all can lead, 
  we need to start internally ; all this antidemocratic , anti human , anti diversity trolls in europe and in this sub ; let \u00b4 s kick their asses first and teach them that europe doesn \u00b4 t need to be painted in monochromatic tone to be great in almost every aspect of human life . 
  if we stand together for values bigger than our little bellies , if we stand together for something that dignifies life , any kind of life , our enemies will simple fall like an house of cards . 
  romania !, 
  ... make europe great again . 
  let \u00b4 s kick some asses on the way there ... let \u00b4 s make europe great again !, 
  thanks for the post !, 
  lol, 
  yeah the weather ... can ruin my holidays , hard to believe it can damage the supply chain like this . 
  the propaganda that the uk economy is booming, 
  looks like the mask is falling ... cracks in the make up are starting to appear, 
  [ at the moment , the global financial system is centered on the united states but that will not always be the case . 
  ] ( https://www.dukascopy.com/fxcomm/blog/?action=post-show&amp;post_id=346 ) [ also ] ( http://fm.cnbc.com/applications/cnbc.com/resources/files/2015/12/01/currencybasket-01_0.png ) the dollar is losing ground to other currencies, 
   the point is countering the idea that the us has always been against the eu you were the only one who said this . 
  i didn \u00b4 t made an elaborated assertion on the subject , because i don \u00b4 t know enough to con-substantiate my position ; but what i said doesn \u00b4 t need to be said by someone who deeply knows the subject , it \u00b4 s common sense . 
  for starters it \u00b4 s a global financial system , meaning that crisis are all intertwined ; a financial crisis in europe is also a financial crises in the us and vice-versa . 
  second the us has to maintain a schizophrenic relation with europe ; in one hand the euro is a menace to the dollar as a reference currency , on the other hand the us wants and needs a stabilized eu . 
  you \u00b4 re strange ; you take my isolated comments on a limited part of a complex reality and extrapolate or generalized ... wtf is wrong with you ? 
  that doesn \u00b4 t make what i said not true . 
  the us economy profits a lot from the dollar as a reference currency . 
  laugh all you can while you can , because the last one to laugh always laughs better . 
  romania lead the way ... we need this here in portugal and in all eu capitals . 
  let \u00b4 s turn on the heat ... a lot of us have been frying for much to long . 
  since the euro creation the us is a threat to the eu ; the euro is a serious candidate to replace the dollar in world commerce ... this as always been a problem to the us . 
  nothing new here . 
  probably , but what can we do ? 
  ... when the majority chooses dead , one can only hope that not all of us going to be killed . 
  and people that i know , smart people , travelled and educated people , really think that protectionism is the only option here . 
  i don \u00b4 t see this ending well either way . 
  i don \u00b4 t think so ; one important sign of it is the economics ; traditional papers , news channels ... are bankrupted ; at least for what is known here in portugal . 
  they are only maintained working by large economic groups for propaganda purposes , but the fact that they alone are not viable is a sign of the end . 
  the mainstream media is in his last breath ... the beast is out of control , just stay back and watch her die . 
  this is a globalized world economy ; patriotism is good if you want to commit suicide ... you whether embrace change or are killed by it ( patriotism ), 
   what has trump done that threatens europe in any way ? 
  trump \u00b4 s rhetoric , as well from his supporters , portraits eu as a plot from globalist to take over the world ; trump is a man on a mission to take down globalists ... 
  someone should explain to trump and his supporters that the globalists are big corporations that profit the most from globalization . 
  lol, 
  no shit ; only the us ? 
  hey we have a nice strategy , so please show some respect . 
  last week some accommodated syrian refugees escaped to germany ... they must be giving free stuff , everyone wants to go there . 
  may should march out of here, 
  on the right column of this sub , there \u00b4 s and `` edit '' option next to your nickname . 
  what a great time to be alive ; the end of an era . 
  the rules i can see being violated by the use of the veil : - safety , not knowing what is being transported under the veil ; - is not a tradition , for now , to use this kind of outfit , makes people distrustful, 
  i don \u00b4 t get all this fuzz about the veil ban . 
  this is europe not a shit hole in the middle of the desert . 
  we have rules of good conduct and good practices that have to be followed by all new comers ... it \u00b4 s a matter of respect from the new ones to those already here . 
  what wave is he talking about ? 
  what an image ... beautiful . 
  i love my country , not the people , just the country, 
  people can be easily manipulated, 
  portugal \u2122 , kicking muslins asses since 1140 . 
  bullshit  is that a genuine feeling ? 
  the genuine feeling is `` not impressed '' by the bullshit  any concerns to add ? 
  wwiii is coming, 
  i \u00b4 m not going to answer that question . 
  i see an agenda of people trying to ignore some facts on the ground , whether they don \u00b4 t known it , because they don \u00b4 t live in eu , or they are part of some like minded people who prefer to only see some more convenient parts of the story , that corroborates there bias . 
  i \u00b4 m not saying eu hasn \u00b4 t problems , i would be a fool to say that , but i \u00b4 m not going to give my opinion to people i don \u00b4 t see serious ( not saying is your case here ), 
  did you took your pills today ?
