  no it just means that a majority of people that elected clinton , can say that they didn \u00b4 t know the type of person he was , or they don \u00b4 t care about those attributes . 
  i think the hungary government speaks for his people , because apparently was democratic elected ; not all people are racist of course , but a significant majority that elected this types of people to governments are , so ... 
  i rest my case, 
  judging by the responses to my comment , i think i hit the nail, 
  acredito ; portugal \u00e9 um pa\u00eds de trogloditas  you can park your high horse right over there please . 
  thanks , that it \u00b4 s so much better, 
   2,500 mph how much it \u00b4 s that in normal measures ? 
  with kind regards from kremlin, 
  don \u00b4 t give up your day job, 
  yeah right ; so the us it \u00b4 s in good shape , no cooked books , more jobs , fewer than predicted but that \u00b4 s peanuts , no bubble in the stock market ... and the fed doesn \u00b4 t raise taxes . 
  lol, 
  because of political influence to clear him from accusations, 
  it \u00b4 s manipulation of the news ; the most voted party ( actually a coalition of 2 parties ) was invited to form government , like always have been in portuguese democracy ; the left wing parties that lost the elections , and against anything said by them , tried to form a post-election coalition to win the government , but until now there \u00b4 s no clear sign that they agree on important issues , so until now they failed the coalition . 
  republic president appointed them the most voted party , that because it hasn \u00b4 t a majority in the parliament , it is already been declared of short living by the left wing parties, 
  i think it \u00b4 s very clear in the news , despite the more images on families ( understandable ) , that the massive number of refugees it \u00b4 s young males, 
  fuck ... it \u00b4 s like an all country on the move, 
  keep dreaming, 
  undignified all that lavishness, 
  you should ask to the government that makes the cut to the pensions ; i have some ideas : * it \u00b4 s easier to cut on pensions , because normal pensioners have less power to question your options ; * you have a lot of pensioners , with a small cut it represents a lot of money * it \u00b4 s always the powerless that foot the bill for the incompetence of someone . 
  [ bosnian war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosnian_war ), 
  if you guys , like in so many other countries , don \u00b4 t have economy to sustain the level of pensions , adjustments are needed . 
  like in jobs ; if you don \u00b4 t produce what you earn , some one has to lend his money or reduce your salary . 
  simple as that, 
  defend ? 
  this is desperate unarmed people for god sake ; do i need to make a drawing to eastern people to make clear that deal with guns and fences won \u00b4 t solve anything ; this is not the response for this kind of situation . 
   for their citizens genocide . 
  talking about exaggerations, 
  germany it \u00b4 s going down , like the rest of europe , that \u00b4 s for sure, 
  this it \u00b4 s normal procedure in france , just look at the french revolution, 
  being the most cohesive society the one that has me and infinity replicas of me, 
  is it ? 
  sounds like boogie man, 
  just gives us back oliven\u00e7a and shut up !, 
  we do ? 
  yeah ; still we live in a world where a few live a life of excess and luxury that i can only dream of , all thanks to the exploitation of their fellow man ... a few miles away kids , with only skin and bone , walk with a plate around their neck to get some food ; or others that lived a modest life by their work , and deprived of the little they have and beheaded in a public space because they don \u00b4 t believe in the right god ... it \u00b4 s naive to think that this won \u00b4 t came down on us one day , it has too ; it \u00b4 s a small world not to . 
  because ... shit happens, 
   i can only assume that you support the latter option , are you trying to outsmart me ? 
  ... the last guy who tried didn \u00b4 t lived to tell his bad luck, 
  you \u00b4 re a strange guy ... you assume things that aren \u00b4 t there to be assumed, 
  did i said anything about private funding or any other type of funding , besides the one i mention ? 
  how can you assume my position on this matter if i didn \u00b4 t talked about it ? 
  pnr it \u00b4 s a nationalist party with no parliament representation ... it has 0,5 % of the votes, 
  i \u00b4 m losing my faith in people ... mankind it \u00b4 s doomed, 
  correct . 
  portugal lost because has to pay 3 $ / year/vote to this guys ; in this sense they all won ... our money to their pockets, 
  i bet they can solve the problem with a fence ... clear a good spend money / s, 
   the problem is when you do n't grow enough to pay it , either because it 's too high or you 're growing too little like almost every western nation ... the king goes naked ... lord praise the king, 
  we live on borrowed money ... hey , what can go wrong , right ? 
  nice summary ; i think we will have very fragmented results ... the top political parties ( ps and paf ( psd + cds ) ) will be very close with low percentages ; maybe we can see some new parties in the parliament, 
  this puts in perspective how shitty people really are . 
  this ones hide underneath religion , because they aren \u00b4 t men enough to respond for their actions . 
  probably new weapons will go to the hands of the rebels in syria , and probably they will get new friends in the region, 
  how fast this can spin out of control ? 
  let \u00b4 s just hope that after some holidays in the south , baby 's won \u00b4 t born with darker skin and brown hair, 
  i thought it was real images ... 
  where they caught ? 
  when they say europe they refer to european continent , western balkans, 
  since this refugees crisis started it \u00b4 s like hell break loose on the right wing circle jerk . 
  before that was the left wing circle jerk ... they are both equally stupid . 
  i know sorry ... i \u00b4 ve exagerated myself in the comment . 
  i will delete it, 
  i ear that news that nasa will put humans in mars for at least the last 20 years ... call me when they \u00b4 re done ... 
  i was being sarcastic, 
  well i could be easily tricked with that one ... makes perfect sense to get evicted to accommodate refugees, 
  germany now moved to the south ? 
  is like as if the system we live in , is building his own demise ... 
  how can we make the word `` leave '' equal to the phrase `` not leaving '' ? 
  i feel tired already, 
  let \u00b4 s militarized europe because ... you can trust us with weapons . 
  our past proves that . 
  why the christmas lights ? 
  and who \u00b4 s gone save us from america ? 
  the economy divide us ... you don \u00b4 t stand a chance to get people together , unless you grab only people that have jobs protected by the status quo ... we \u00b4 re in war already, 
  the status quo destroyed western civilization . 
  we \u00b4 re in war between ourselves . 
  the drums of war ... `` we shall go on to the end . 
  we shall fight in france , we shall fight on the seas and oceans , we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air , we shall defend our island , whatever the cost may be . 
  we shall fight on the beaches , we shall fight on the landing grounds , we shall fight in the fields and in the streets , we shall fight in the hills ; we shall never surrender '', 
  mankind and her tendency to self destruction, 
  we 're in autumn not winter ... 
  there was a time , not so long ago , when the brits knew what they where doing ... 
  so how do you look to future generations and say that they will need to suffer like their ancestors and pay the final price for their comfy life ? 
  it came with a high price for a lot of people, 
  first of all i \u00b4 m not from left or right . 
  i see good ideas on both sides , even in extremism from one side as a response to extremism on the opposite side of the political spectrum . 
  i \u00b4 m against brexit as i \u00b4 m against the varoufakis and friends way of dealing with problems ... the point is : is stupid to take a unilateral stance against the world , because with are all interdependent ; i can not give a finger to creditors when my country accomplished a good way of life thanks to their money and i will always need them to keep my country running ; i can not expect to set the economic rules to the most important economic zone in the world ; is not feasible . 
  the answer to all this is cooperation ; you need to negotiate your way . 
  you probably right . 
  good god , at least we can all be calm knowing that i will never have power to set in practise my ideas . 
   thank you , at least i know , what i am dealing with . 
  enlighten me then, 
  british elites have one idea about what is best for their country ; the people have other . 
  let \u00b4 s face it , brexit is virtual impossible to happen , those in command know it ; uk economy will go down further and further as the brexit process advances . 
  so the choice is between going down in flames , or going down in flames . 
  the elites will delay more and more the process to avoid uk economic downfall either they choose for brexit or face the anger of the people . 
  people will eventually seize power and install a proletarian dictatorship or die trying it . 
  anyway looks like the uk is going to finally pay for the industrial revolution and all the suffering that it caused to the world ... 
   democracy you over rate people, 
  in a few years we gon na see this things happen in germany ... just wait and see . 
  went there to check it out ... confirms .
