  i can \u00b4 t. 
  kids ... 
  meanwhile a few km away : [ in the mediterranean sea ] ( https://youtu.be/ml7sd_jkbqc?t=6m51s ) ( nsfl - dead children ), 
  old habits, 
  let the party begin ... crisis is over !, 
  in another news : `` russian snipers piss in the woods '', 
  just don \u00b4 t accept tea from old friends and you will be fine, 
  i guess everyone got what it deserves, 
  you use hat because you lack some hair in the front !, 
  ... aime right ? 
  from what i see in my town , families of gypsies with young ones driving audis \u00b4 s , mercedes and bmw are mostly linked to drugs trafficking ; there are even families of gypsies that live in different parts of the city and dispute the territory for selling drugs . 
  the ones who have honest jobs , like selling clothes in the markets , drive old ford vans, 
  drugs dealers ? 
  ah it \u00b4 s you again ... fuck off  it simply does not make sense to explain the entire eurozone crisis with the word `` corruption '' . 
  did i said that ? 
  greek governments are incompetent , and all the people that are corrupt , incompetent that evade taxes ... have nothing to do with current state of affairs in greece . 
  of course that in all that shit a lot of people are clean , and there are a lot of competent non corrupt greeks ... with a lot of them feeling unable to change the status quo, 
  if greece as a whole where competent in managing greece we would n \u00b4 t be in the situation we are now , where we ? 
   this people can \u00b4 t manage themselves there \u00b4 s a difference between being incompetent and can \u00b4 t manage one self , or a country , or a company ... and being corrupt ; you can be corrupt and competent ; greeks are corrupt and incompetent managing themselves . 
   the european commission should immediately allocate emergency funds to greece for refugee services . 
  this people can \u00b4 t manage themselves ... this money will end up in someone \u00b4 s pocket ; eu should deploy non profit organizations in this countries with this specific task, 
  one of the options is the kamikaze ... full scale war with the west ;, 
  because we know where our priorities are ? 
  why ? 
  is going anywhere ? 
  ... asia ? 
  i never killed anyone ... unlike this people, 
  call the army and open fire ... clean the streets ... grow some balls ; they are stupid people , criminals etc. 
  ... but the police and the state failed to avoid this situations . 
   i fail to see the social component of neoliberalism . 
  here in portugal , because it \u00b4 s what i know better , our living conditions improved a lot when compared with 40 or 60 years ago . 
  the social nets for the less fortuned are way better now than they ever where . 
  wide spread social assistance permits to people to having a house almost free , having at least a daily meal , clothing ... 
  if you fail to understand that capitalism it \u00b4 s way better in social assistance than any other left wing policy , like communism , i \u00b4 m not going to waste my time on you . 
  it is what 's in sight of all regardless of states are bankrupt , as the portuguese , the living conditions today and 20 years ago will have nothing to do . 
  more : the so attacked neoliberalism and capitalism by the bankrupt left , proved better in the policies of social support than any other left-wing politics as communism . 
  tell that to the massive number of factories that closed here in portugal for instance ... to open in china, 
  someone should explain to this nutjob that this is not a plan from evil germans to conquer europe . 
  what is happening to economies all over europe and other countries is a slow economic collapse , as a result of several factors : globalization , financial sector meltdown , lack of competitiveness , bad public policies ... 
  looks like a bullet proof vest ... 
  define north africa ... 
  this varoufakis and friends are behind incompetence ; they should take the money from creditors , even believing that that money wasn \u00b4 t payable , to solve ( reform ) greek economy and society . 
  instead of that they said that they will never pay the money back to creditors , leaving the imf in the position of getting the money that won \u00b4 t be pay back ... anychance of greece doing anything right ? 
  are you retard or something ? 
  ... maybe somekind of slow understanding ... 
  if this holocaust survivor was a decent person it would have saved christians and non christians ; probably more christians than any other ethnicity , because of his past history, 
  i \u00b4 m not trying to downplay this fact . 
  apart from the other retard comments to my first post , and like you said , everyone persecuted deserves help , not only christians ; it was this principle that saved this holocaust survivor . 
   that 's why he focuses on helping them . 
  yeah right ... from millions of syrian refugees the guy it \u00b4 s only going to save christians ... some people don \u00b4 t deserve the air they breed, 
  so non christians are disposable ... looks like this holocaust survivor didn \u00b4 t learn anything important in his life . 
  titanic all over again ... 
  and i thought we had a problem with russia ... they have a problem with us, 
  look on the bright side ... it \u00b4 s always someone else fault \u00b4 s, 
  russia should finance more left wing pseudo intellectuals ... it \u00b4 s always the same nutjob, 
  it \u00b4 s there a chance of we stop posting varoufakis on this sub ? 
  ... where \u00b4 s krugman ? 
  ... is krugman dead ? 
  euro needs to be saved ? 
  it \u00b4 s the iluminati \u00b4 s plot ... be aware they want to destroy you, 
  ok , they \u00b4 re in a good mood today , maybe 101 ... but better not getting very hopes on this, 
  so the new paradigm in development is latin america ? 
  ... let \u00b4 s save the people throwing them to a hole . 
  things aren \u00b4 t good for the west , but let \u00b4 s get real ; no matter how bad things are in europe for instance , in the rest of the world are far worst, 
  i total agree . 
  this news have been coming out for a while , special in the uk , and it \u00b4 s like no one gives a shit . 
  no manifestation , no public outrage ... nothing ; it \u00b4 s like everyone knew . 
  weird things happening in eastern ukraine ... 
  [ portugal for me ] ( https://youtu.be/ozrus08-sws ), 
  portugal next please, 
  one more maniac to politics ... the plot is starting to emerge !, 
  i see ; but doing your own style of living doesn \u00b4 t mean you can \u00b4 t support your family . 
  i don \u00b4 t know if i can put a label in my opinions ; i see my self in the centre of the political spectrum ... with a lot from [ libertarianism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/libertarianism ), 
  it isn \u00b4 t easy that \u00b4 s for sure . 
  funding : crowdsourcing project ; europe funds ; micro credit , family , savings . 
  mentality : read stuff in entrepreneurship ; break away from main stream mentality in media , friends and family ( meaning the fatalist mentality that everything is wrong and that we need a state to support us ) help : local support from associations or county location : find a suitable land near where you live , rural land or abandoned land it \u00b4 s probably cheap , and start to work there ; you will need easy water access work : keep looking for new things to do that you like , keep as much hobbies as you can , implement routines in your life like waking up early and avoid being idle as much as you can . 
  i \u00b4 m willing to help you , so contact me if you want, 
  auch ... didn \u00b4 t knew, 
  and how do you classify me in the ideological mantra spectrum ? 
   here isnt enough land to turn everyone into potato farmers . 
  not everyone . 
  but people facing difficulties in city centres . 
  no one like to watch people suffer with no money , being that person greek or not greek . 
  ( at least normal people ) the question it \u00b4 s probably directed to one clear point : why people with difficulties have 2 houses , witch it \u00b4 s more expensive than having only 1 house , and why people in greece totally capable of working get reforms at 50 years old . 
  someone has to pay this pensions , and in a relative normal market , it \u00b4 s the people who work ... so maybe there aren \u00b4 t more jobs because a lot of money is being used to pay pensions to perfectly capable people . 
  people don \u00b4 t send you messages because you \u00b4 re greek . 
  people send you messages because you don \u00b4 t understand shit of what \u00b4 s going on in your own country and prefer to take `` refuge '' in some ideological manbo jambo, 
  why people believe that economy is made of an upward slope ? 
  why do you put so much pressure in finding a job that cleary doesn \u00b4 t exists ( there aren \u00b4 t and won \u00b4 t be enough jobs for a lot of people , not only in greece ) ? 
  why don \u00b4 t you make your own job , exercising what you like doing ? 
  why people don \u00b4 t spend more time growing their own food , and live a more sustainable life ? 
  why ? 
  let \u00b4 s build a wall : `` the great wall of europe '' to keep the race clean from this infidels, 
  portuguese extreme left like syriza is out of the power ... no chance ; i think they even try to stick to parties like syriza to keep their chances low . 
  in spain i think ciudadanos is rising against a declining podemos, 
  even with debt relief it \u00b4 s screwed ; there \u00b4 s no people or institutions to build any short of competitive country, 
  european left : r.i.p. 
  `` help '' cheating the books, 
  this varoufakis is a disgrace ; after leaving it \u00b4 s country far worst than what receive , wants to be the bankrupted left superstar ... dilettante this guy only made shit ... unbelievable ; it \u00b4 s probably at the same level of incompetence of the ones before him, 
  the grow in % gdp doesn \u00b4 t necessary means the country being more rich .
