  the police were hoping to have negotiations completed in one week !, 
  what the hell is that ? 
  its a hospital they are essentially closing down because a bunch of idiots set up camp there . 
  yeah and when they were burning cars on our national holiday ( 14th of july ) , one of our ministers proudly said they would apply a zero-tolerance policy towards these people ... like , as opposed to what ? 
  did you previously allow them a quota of cars they could burn ? 
  great , the police is investing people doing something illegal , that 's ... that 's their job , that 's the reason they exist !, 
  the only threads that got a controversial tag are the ones who had discussions about muslim extremists causing trouble in their new country ( sweden / hungary / denmark ) and the stance local parties have towards these issues . 
  it 's basically a `` we do n't approve this kind of discussion here , we think you 're wrong for even discussing it but we do n't want a massive uproar so we ca n't remove it '' tag . 
   that is clearly a problem , but it does not seem like it should be an excuse to start the city on fire . 
  never said it was a good excuse , just that our really small companies struggle to remain competitive because of these reasons , not because people only work 30 hours a week which is ridiculous ( law is at 35h , most people work more than that , most of them are n't even paid for that , hell most people who start their companies ca n't even pay themselves during the first 1-2 years ) but no matter what your stance on these issues is , the government should have never rewarded this behavior , you 're right , but they 're morons who usually ignore issues until things get out of hand then they acknowledge these issues , hurry up and do ... not that much about it , a few token announcements here and there to calm things but they do n't look at the roots of these issues ( for taxi drivers , it 's the fact that they 're allowed to sell for a fortune a licence they got for free from the government because it 's in limited number so drivers are deeply in debt and struggle a lot yet the way they work is obsolete , the quality of their service is subpar , they avoid taxes as much as uber drivers by pretending their debit card machine does n't work , it 's hard to fine them , it 's hard to meet a polite taxi driver , etc ) well , it 's the government i guess , even if you do n't have any expectations , you still manage to be disappointed by their actions , every single time . 
  i guess so , never participated in a strike butmassive strikes or thousands of people marching down the street on week-end seems to be the only way to be heard at times and even that is barely enough to get some acknowledgement from the government . 
  both parties are usually unreasonable , no matter what project is debated , it 's either all or nothing , there is no compromise ( especially during company-syndicate discussions where both parties treat each other with arrogance and try to sabotage the negotiations so they can blame the other ) and our elites are really disconnected from reality ( iirc , sarkozy even said while there was a massive strike that it was a good strike since he did n't even notice anything ... well i guess people thought of other ways to get their attention ) on the other hand , all political parties have a really low approval rating ( think 15-20 % ) , syndicate membership is at its lowest point in history so you can assume the vast majority of the population does n't really care about these issues nor agrees with what anyone is doing . 
  my googling skills are poop , the measures the governement took were published through an `` arr\u00eat\u00e9 '' which also means arrested by the police and every article i can find about drivers going to jail talk about people getting arrested from both sides ( one taxi driver actually assaulted a police officer dressed as a civilian who was driving around , talk about immediate karma ) but no specifics , so it looks like they did n't let that slide but who knows if they really go for every person involved in these vandalism acts , probably not because that 'd be a ton of people . 
  i would n't be surprised if we never got a follow-up story because we only hear about shocking / emotional stories for as long as they can milk it then they move on to their next big story , they barely do their jobs properly these days . 
  it 's because it works , simple as that . 
  french farmers started blocking roads and setting shit on fire in front of official buildings , the government announced new measures to help farmers in difficulty . 
  taxi drivers started beating up uber drivers and passengers , overthrowing cars and setting them on fire so the government acted and ... banned uber ( or was it uberpop ? 
  i ca n't remember ) . 
  government tried to tax all drivers ( especially truck drivers ) in brittany and refused to listen to their demands until they started burning the gates that were supposed to register which vehicule was passing through . 
  it 's not about hours worked though , lots of french people do unpaid work past the minimum 35 hours and do n't get paid shit for that ( hell , farmers i know do 70-90 hours a week and barely survive only thanks to their spouse salary ) , it 's too many regulations and too much administrative bullshit to deal with , too much money lost in taxes even when you 've only barely started your company , too much mandatory investment in some stuff you can not use , etc. 
  but the government only acknowledges problems when they smell the smoke of burning stuff . 
  so the far-right is supporting the gay pride parade and the left is labelling the whole thing as `` racist '' because it might inconvenience muslims ( though no one ever bothered asking catholics if a gay pride is their neighborhood was shocking ) ... oh swedish politicians , what are they doing ? 
  are they high ? 
  did they actually snort the snow thinking it was pure cocaine ? 
  urgh , that 's an awful journey , it 's telling you to take those horrible slow as hell buses from paris to marseilles but even then , i 'm not sure how that 's 20h . 
  with eurostar , paris-london is 2h15-2h30 max , maybe another 30 minutes to get to the other station south of paris where the trains go towards marseilles and another 3 hours of train to get from paris to marseilles . 
  i mean , it takes 8h to do paris-marseilles in a car , it 's not the other side of the world :d, 
  somehow they got the paris-nice line correctly though , while you are in a high speed train the whole way , once it reaches marseilles station , it goes backwards a couple of minutes , stops , then goes to nice through one of the slowest train tracks i 've ever seen : x, 
  it 's a bad example though since it 's an actual psychological issue . 
  in other articles , you can find people claiming that people from low-income families can be triggered by reading a story about poverty or that black people suffer from ptsd and would have panic attack if they hear about slavery ... not read about it , not see a violent depiction of it in a movie , talk or hear about it , like an actual debate with people talking about the issue itself . 
  my great-grandparents and their siblings fought in verdun , 3 of them died there and as much as i 've learned about this battle ( it 's probably one of the worst battles i 've ever read about , probably in the top 3 worse place to ever be and even hard to imagine ) but i can not pretend to have ptsd and having trigger attacks hearing fireworks , this is not how any of this works . 
  a phobia is a phobia but i can guarantee you a lot of people who get `` triggered '' only get triggered because they wish it to be ( special snowflake , attention whore , victimization , whatever ) or else , why are n't people triggered in other countries ? 
  why was no one triggered about it a generation ago ? 
  it was a non-issue and it 's now become one the same way you now have people in the usa intolerant to like 90 % of the food ( including ridiculous stuff like being allergic to glucose which would mean you would be pretty much allergic to life and would n't have lived more than a couple hours ) . 
   part of overcoming anxieties is being able to control when it happens and mentally prepare yourself before going into a situation . 
  i guess this could be part of some therapy but what about those times where nothing is under control ( random interactions with people , colleagues , friends and families , unexpected situations ) . 
  i used to be a bit ocd ( checking the door , fridges , lights and windows 3-4 times before going to sleep ) and it was getting worse and worse until i forced myself to stop checking anything even if it felt like shit for a couple of nights . 
  i also was a bit of a control freak at some point ( could n't do much out of my comfort zone ) until i started stepping out of it at every occasion despite being anxious about it , i would n't have known how easy it was if i stayed in my own bubble so i 'd say if you need to be mentally prepared before you stumble upon content that is even remotely triggering ( and god some of those warnings are weird as hell ) , you 'll be crushed by reality the next time it hits you without warning , no ? 
  you are underestimating what passes as triggering these days and how many people delude themselves into thinking they are immensely suffering from random bullshit . 
  like , seriously , greek mythology , who gets triggered by that ? 
  we 're talking college students here , we read that shit in middle school and got gory history classes where we 'd learn about people getting burned at stake , crucified or beheaded and nobody needed a space space so they could curl up into a ball and cry . 
   [ `` these texts , wrought with histories and narratives of exclusion and oppression , can be difficult to read and discuss as a survivor , a person of color , or a student from a low-income background . '' ] ( http://time.com/3860187/columbia-trigger-warning-greek-mythology-metamorphoses/ ) rape victim , sure , why not , though never confronting your fears and avoid the subject all your life might not be that healthy i could understand but pleaaaase , people of colour need to be warned ? 
  student from a low-income background ? 
  difficult to read ? 
  triggering ? 
  what the hell are they even talking about ? 
  if you avoid even talking about subjects that might be triggering ( and god it seems there are a lot of them these days ) , how do you even grow up to become a functional adult ? 
  do you crumble the first time you hear a racist joke on tv ? 
  throw a tantrum ? 
  do you spend your whole life afraid of your own shadow avoiding everything that might be triggering ? 
  it really is retarded , these people sound so confused . 
  you can write a story where a shitty character beats his wife , beats someone up or owns slave and burns black people at stake without endorsing any of those ideas nor promoting them . 
  mankind is fucked up , our past is full of terrible stories , mass rapes and pillaging was pretty common in war and innocent civilians were murdered on quite a few occasions , these are things you should be aware of , terrible actions that were done by people who were n't that different from you but were somehow convinced they had the right to do that ... and it still happens to this day ( hello isis !, 
  ) , you ca n't just pretend it does n't happen . 
  the world is a beautiful place but it has some pretty ugly corners , growing up is also accepting reality , the fact that some awful things happen ( ed ) on a daily basis but it does n't mean giving up the fight and not do anything about it , closing your eyes / ears and singing like a moron does n't make those issues go away though . 
  plus they make for an interesting story , conquerors like gengis khan , napol\u00e9on or alexander the great are fascinating even if they caused millions of deaths creating empires that crumbled pretty fast ( though the actual impact of the construction of their empire is probably bigger than we can imagine ) ... fictional characters like the ones you can find in breaking bad are often awful people that are rotten to the core but there is a lot to learn from their story ( you can at least learn what kind of person you do * not * want to become ) . 
  not sure how it 's done in other companies but i do n't think my contract actually covers it , the base contract would pay for the damage * i * cause to someone else in an accident but you have to pay more to get coverage for that kind of events . 
  if your car is the only one that was burned down , i 'd say it would be very suspicious , you actually have to go to the police and investigators are the ones who determine if there was an accident , some flaw in your car or if it was voluntary , and if it was , they probably look at how recently you upgraded your assurance plan . 
  if it 's during riots , i guess the assurance company ca n't do much about it , it 's pretty obvious you 're one of many victims and unless you got arrested during the riots , you 're probably one victim amongst dozens but in previous years , they said some people rioted and also used that opportunity to try to scam their assurance company ... not sure how worth it would be , i mean cars lose value pretty quickly , might as well get your money back by selling it like any sane person . 
  yea , the source is in french but it basically says : [ 721 cars were burned and 603 people arrested during the nights of 13th / 14th of july ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/flash-actu/2015/07/15/97001-20150715filwww00371-soirees-des-13-et-14-juillet-603-gardes-a-vue-et-721-voitures-brulees.php ) . 
  it 's not that unusual , they more often than not burn cars in their own neighborhood which means there ai n't a better way to protest against the state and the country than to burn the cars of the people stuck in a similar situation than yours and who have done nothing against you ( logic might not be their strongest point though ) . 
  this time , they hit cars in paris 16th district which is one of the upper-class districts and it seemed the number of cars burned increased ( +23 % ) , there might be some people trying to scam insurance amongst them ( might as well burn a few cars so you can get yours replaced for free ) but it was already the case in previous years so it can not explain the whole thing , lots of tires slashed and windows broken too , got ta love the `` youth '' . 
  do n't worry though , the government told us they would enforce a zero-tolerance policy towards this kind of behavior ( as opposed to what kind of policy you might wonder ... were you previously allowed a quota of burned cars before risking getting arrested ? ), 
  she 's under fire for getting money from russia , i doubt she 's in any position to really laugh about it , the only difference between all political parties is which country they get money from . 
  with the ties our government has with qatar ( though it was worse under sarkozy ) , i would n't be surprised if the saudi royals simply paid off some politicians so they could do pretty much whatever they wanted with that beach and not face any consequences . 
  still , story should have been titled 14 out of the 14 foreigners arrested yesterday turned out to be foreigners . 
  it 's ... hmm , a conspiracy to kill the ... hmm , runway mole people and ... euh , hmm , it 's the illuminati alright , there is a big plan coming up with people bombing their ... own base but totally on purpose because reasons , also the media is covering everything up because i ... want to believe in that so , hmm , yeah ... you 're convinced ? 
  well , the ones who * do * look for an employment , send their children to school and live in the same conditions as any other citizens do n't exactly fit the roma stereotype and thus are probably not considered roma by most people ( it 's not like we go around asking people exactly which community / country they belong to ) . 
  but let 's be honest , the roma who are hated all across europe are exactly like you say , they 're the beggars and thieves who plague our cities , occupy terrains belonging to other people , tear everything we 've built for them to sell for scrap , scam naive people with fake petitions when they do n't actually attack them while they 're withdrawing money or force their children to steal for them , there is really no excuse for them and it 's only a `` myth '' if you 're lucky enough to have never crossed their path . 
  there is probably a real issue of roma willing to integrate and being discriminated against because they belong to that community but their community has way more than a few rotten apples . 
  yeah , it 's like creating an account to hide awful default subreddits , sometimes it 's just better to waste a few minutes creating and setting up a dummy account than being annoyed by random posts you do n't care about all day long . 
  twitter 's fine , i use it to follow websites / news i care about , just because some people use it for stupid stuff does n't mean it can not be useful , 
  dude just wants some free publicity for his party 's elections ( presidential elections will be in 2017 so they 're campaigning to choose the candidate to represent them and he 's currently scoring lower than other candidates ) . 
  what can you even say about that ? 
  he was prime minister in the sarkozy government between 2007 and 2012 and while the right has been pushing these issues for decades , he was too afraid to do anything about it while he was in power and he 's now asking a leftie president to do every reform the liberals have been dreaming of for years , which would kill any chance of him being reelected in 2017 . 
  when he was chosen as prime minister , he said he was now in charge of a country on the brink of bankruptcy aaaaand ... sarkozy and his goons increased france 's debt by 465 billions in 5 years , truly a man who knows what he 's doing . 
  laughed at the number of logical fallacies at the bottom ( though [ this link works better for me ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/toupee_fallacy ) ) , our brain is a formidable tool but it 's quite flawed , you really have to go out of your way and outside the box to realize the flaws in your own reasoning , talk about being unreliable , 
  one of the problems with roma is that those who * do * integrate into society like this old gipsy and his children will never be viewed at gypsies by the rest of us . 
  the only roma we are aware of are the ones who fit the whole roma stereotype ( cheap sportwear , beggar clothes , fake petitions in hand , baggy dresses , dirty , etc ) , the ones who live a normal lives probably wear normal clothes so they might just look like anyone who belongs to a well-integrated diaspora like the turks , greeks or polish who never caused any problem in france . 
  what about portrait paintings , are they reverse-selfie-style paintings now ? 
  you can also sometimes hear `` il est rond comme un ballon '' ( he 's round like a ball ) , it 's not always a ball but it conveys the same meaning , you 're filled with alcohol and are now full , 
  i 'm no expert but i do n't see how austerity could have been a source of growth and be able to reduce their debt . 
  austerity is wonderful : - you fire thousands of people , - you cut wages and pensions while at the same time increasing the fees of every public services and cutting the security net ( financial aid to study or find a house , systems covering healthcare costs or unemployment benefits ) thus making the country unattractive to the young graduates and forcing everyone to live a shitty live where they can not save money and can only afford the basic goods ( * if * they can even afford that , many people rely on charities and went back to live with their parents ) - you reduce investment into public services ( basic healthcare , transports , roads , buildings ) and ... pretty much everything ( yeah , no investment , this will never backfire in an ultracompetitive market ! ), 
  - you increase taxes , thus making everything more expensive and then you wonder why a country that is already struggling is doing worse than expected and you decide that the best course of action to lower their debt is to increase it by lending them more money and forcing them to pay back the older deb ... what , oh , the interests on their older debts , not even the debt itself ? 
  it 's like seeing a car stuck at the bottom of a steep hill because it has too many luggages and instead of investing into a truck or people that could help push it over the hill , you put more luggage onto it , empty its fuel tank , fire the driver and wonder why it 's now going backwards towards that cliff over there x ) edit : i 'm not saying there was nothing wrong with greece 's economy before this crisis or that there are no ways to improve the country ( i heard they had a lot of problem with collecting taxes , checking benefit claims and did n't even know who owned which part of the land ) , just that you ca n't ruin their economy and somehow expect them to perform better than ever and if they do n't perform better , then how are they expected to pay back their debt faster than it 's increasing ? 
   edit : i think it 's a shame that this has created such animosity between people . 
  the average greek and the average german , french etc have much more in common with each other than they have with the people in the financial sector etc that have been profiting from this all along . 
  true , some people are obviously responsible for this situation but i do n't think the average greek has lived his life differently from the average french or german , they just happened to be born in another country but neither of them would be really responsible for his country 's situation . 
  but morons will always be morons . 
  last time we had a revolution , it was quickly followed by a period called `` the reign of terror '' ( ~ 40,000 dead ) , two revolutionary wars against other european kingdoms who were n't really fans of the whole king-beheading concept , we let an emperor overthrow the government barely 8 years after we got rid of our king then went to another 5 wars before letting a king take back its rightful place . 
  we were quite good at the whole killing thing but i 'm not so sure it 's an era we should remember fondly ... 
  i guess we should at least not forget what happens when you push your citizens too far x ), 
  well , since we elected them and put them in charge of certain missions , as they are working for us , we would expect them to focus on things that benefit all of us ( not individually but society as a whole ) . 
  buuuut ... lobbying is legal and they do n't give a fuck about the voters so what can we even do ? 
  it 's a weird situation but it 's not like we can punish the children for the illegal things that have been committed by their parents . 
  haha , i guess it 's bad translation , * canicule * is how we call a serious heatwave here , it just means that temperature do n't fall below a certain level in the morning and in the afternoon . 
  if it lasts for more than a day , it triggers some contingency plan ( called `` plan canicule '' ) where tv starts displaying information messages , organizations start stocking up on water and public services start checking on isolated / old people ... probably a few other things too . 
  but i do n't think there is any french to english translation of `` canicule '' , just think of it as `` argh , my brain is melting , when is it going to stop , 7 days ?!, 
  pls kill me already '', 
  it was above 38 \u00b0 c near paris yesterday ( apparently went up to 39,7 \u00b0 c in some parts of the region ) , i 'm pretty sure part of my brain stopped functioning at some point since i have no memories of yesterday apart from my laptop overheating and crashing every couple of hours .
