  they feel like the quality of their life is going downhill with the arrival of hundreds of thousands of migrants who put a huge strain on a struggling economy . 
  hate and anger usually comes from the governement having double standards : cutting pensions , salaries , raising taxes , cutting public services , allowing doctors to charge you more per visit , not giving some financial support to the poor natives , forcing you to work more per week and during your life , not giving free accomodation to the 200,000 + homeless people living in france for example , all for the sake of an ever-growing debt that never seems to stabilize yet providing a lot for free to migrants ( healthcare , food , accomodation , education ) it does n't really matter whether they 're right or wrong , an ideal solution would be to give more to both natives and migrants , not nothing to migrants because the native feel like they 're getting ignored but what can you do , politicians do n't really do much and only the extreme offer a solution ( and like i said in another thread , their solutions are awful , always been , yet more serious the issue becomes , the more people look at it as the only possible solution because we lack alternatives ), 
  yeah french newspapers are talking about roma , not sure what really happened yet, 
  source in french : ni putes ni soumises offices being occupied by migrants ( who went there because militants told them to but it 's a feminist association ) : http://www.20minutes.fr/paris/1660115-20150730-paris-centaine-migrants-occupent-local-ni-putes-ni-soumises france terre d'asile militant attacked in their own offices by leftist militants : http://www.lefigaro.fr/flash-actu/2015/07/24/97001-20150724filwww00148-des-salaries-de-france-terre-d8217asile-agresses.php, 
  old le pen used to be pretty liberal but i agree , both extremes are now pretty similar on many issues : the state has to get more power and control over the territory , europe/globalization/rich people/global companies are responsible for our problems , the mainstream parties have been lying to you for decades , we should cater more to the poors ( the far-right would probably prioritize native poors who do n't get much over helping every single poor person on the planet though ) , etc. 
  `` only '' difference is their stance on immigration / security but even that has decreased over the year , marine le pen has attracted a lot of leftists voters by going against her father on some of the most despicable things he says . 
  acknowledge the issue , discuss it , there are probably solutions out there do not involve opening europe 's gates to millions of refugees but it 's a decades old issue that has always been a taboo . 
  and by accusing everyone of being a racist for even bringing up the issue , they certainly did n't stop the extremists who are certain of their beliefs but they have pushed the moderates away who fear even talking about it . 
  then the far-right brings up an issue everyone is aware of , they promise something will be done about it and the longer other parties fail to provide alternatives , the more sane their solution looks ( even if it 's totally crazy ), 
  it certainly is a problem , the extremists on both sides are pretty crazy . 
  in france , on the right , you have actual racists who not only want to deport migrants but pretty much everyone who looks foreign ( and that includes french citizens born in france from french citizens who have always lived here and only speak our language who have done nothing wrong and are just trying to live the same life as we do ) and on the left , you have crazy militants like the ones we see during g8/g20 summits , invading places and refusing to leave , holding people `` hostages '' ( more of a symbolic gesture than anything ) , picking a fight with the police at every occasion , trashing stores , burning cars , etc. 
  in germany seems like the far-right has started to move but in france it 's the far-left , they have invaded a few ngo offices ( left ngo who are actually on their side so ... 
  ) , threatened employees , held them for hours , some even got violent and punched employees who asked to leave ( a pregnant woman even got punch in the belly ... ) . 
  no matter what your stance is on the issue , there is no denying our politicians have failed to adress the problem ( and will probably end up not doing much ) so i do n't really see the situation improve anytime soon . 
  and suddenly everyone in and around paris is a psg fan , when i was in high school , there were a few lyon fans when they were dominating our championship but lots of juventus / real madrid / barcelona / manchester / arsenal fans when big leagues started because we rarely achieved anything there . 
  it 's been a long time so there were probably a few more teams but we really saw a trend towards people switching allegiance and starting to like the psg when qatar started buying stars left and right , half the girls in my uni classes started watching soccer too at that time , which was pretty great since we suddenly were n't dumb for liking that sport :p, 
  would n't it be more correct to say  suicide `` over ashley madison hack '' ? 
  since , even if a suicide has happened , the cause has yet to be confirmed . 
   `` suicide '' over ashley madison hack ? 
  makes it sound like some sort of conspiracy around the ashley madison hacks where one was killed and his death disguised as a suicide ( hence the quotation marks ) , either by an angry spouse or as revenge for the leaks . 
  ca n't blame it for that , the award is nice and all but someone we think of as a hero might look like a juicy target for others , would n't want to live too much in the spotlight . 
  there were already scandals around it a long time ago . 
  in the 1880s with [ a member of the parliament using his influence over the president to sell thousands of medals , public contracts and even presidential pardon ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/daniel_wilson_%28homme_politique%29 ) and in 1926 , [ marcel ruotte ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/marcel_ruotte ) was arrested for selling legion d'honneur medals to people who did n't deserve it . 
  both articles are in french but they 're pretty interesting reads , it has become worse since politicians do n't even hide when they give the l\u00e9gion d'honneur to their friends or influential people ( despite the fact that there are other medals for industrials or people from the culture / arts industry ) but unfortunately , there is no higher medal available : x, 
  the same reason we had fights between erythreans and sudanese , sudanese and afghans in calais : racial tensions , theft , petty conflicts , one does n't have to be armed to cause trouble in a city . 
  they 're unarmed but so are we , should n't be that hard for any large group of migrants to beat down a smaller group of natives ( or the other way around if tensions rise too much ) without any weapon involved . 
  incitment to terrorism is already illegal ( but rarely enforced ) and many things are n't allowed with the `` freedom '' of expression we have ( slander , harassment , holocaust denial , racism , insults , etc ... with varying degrees of possible sanctions ofc ) so i do n't see why it would n't be added . 
  i mean , did you see many nazi supporters running in ww2 london tearing up recruitment posters and replacing them with nazi propaganda or trying to talk british people who wanted to engage out of it or who openly supported the axis and communicated with agents back in berlin to feed them intel ? 
  and i said that + known ties to extremists + went to syria during the war , not just supporting them on social media . 
  that 's one of the problems secret services are complaining about , the government wants to collect a gigantic amount of data but they do n't have the ressources to properly analyze it ( if your name pops up during an already-ongoing investigation they might have to take a look at it but saying that everyone is being monitored is only a dream for our politicians atm ) , they need 7-8 people to monitor one person in real life 24/7 ( some of these 7-8 people probably work on more than one case , if you 're the email guy or the phone guy i guess ) and even if they can find something against you ( incitement to terrorism is illegal for example ) , they forward your file to the prosecutor who is already overloaded and ca n't deal with that . 
  but it 's only one of many problems , france being secular , there are no government-funded muslim preachers so the ones we got are financed by overseas organizations ( who might or might not be salafi movements ) , including the ones in prison , prisonners are put in the same prison as everyone else and can influence other weak-minded individuals , there is a lack of cooperation between european agencies , lack of proper border control , etc. 
  i 'd say there would n't be a need for being monitored at all if france had asked all its citizens to leave syria asap and limited the length of holidays in neighboring countries and charged everyone who did n't comply that they 'd be banned from europe or charged with treason if they returned nut it 's too late and the lybia war was such a failure that 's at least one part of isis territory we have no control over . 
  another hypothetical ( and probably highly exagerated since i 'm just making up stuff without legal knowledge ) case : isis appears in syria , starts conquering cities , tell every french citizen to gtfo as they will be a liability ( isis has a fondness for beheading westerners , they were mass killing iraqi soldiers during the first few days so that much is expected and trying to rescue those people costs money ) . 
  give them a 15-days delay and tell them to register asap to do some light background checks , tell everyone who goes to syria past that date , either as a volunteer ( unless they belong to a particular ngo approved by the government and which operates in specified zones ) , as a fighter ( even on the kurdish side ) or as god knows what else will be charged for treason and/or forbidden entry back in france . 
  does n't mean people wo n't go to syria , but a clear communication campaign in all airports / neighbouring countries would at least give them a warning , ca n't complain about something you were warned about . 
  ask people to register ( it 's possible but not mandatory ) if they visit neighboring countries , limit the length of holidays in those countries to x weeks and ask for proof of accomodation ( we already ask lots of documents from foreigners who want to stay in france for extended periods of times , including proof that they 're solvade + where they 're staying or who is providing them accomodation , that person has to provide some documents too iirc ) , ban open support to terrorism ( incitement to terrorism is already forbidden but is rarely enforced ) it obviously creates other problems ( who 'll provide aid to syrian refugees ? 
  who 'll fight alongside the kurds ? ), 
  and is flawed , it would have created some resentment ( but maybe not as much resentment as we 'll see in a few years the more terrorist attacks happen and stupid white people start blaming your average foreigner-looking dude for acts committed by stupid muslims elsewhere ) . 
  i 'd rather see laws like that which would be harsh towards those who go against us yet fair towards those who stayed within legal limits , being tough on a few people at the start is often better than a hands-off approach which escalates the situation so much that many many more people ended up having it even tougher . 
  atm , no matter how you look at it and how shitty tougher laws sound , we 're applying peace-time laws to a time of open conflict , we 're applying rules of engagement that only make sense if two countries wage war against each other while looking to end the conflict at some point , we 're letting people say whatever they want as long as they have n't done anything while being 100 % aware that the more they 're free to say that stuff , the more they 'll find people who are actually willing to do something or who will embrace their extremist views . 
  yes , you and everyone who remembers the [ 1995 st-michel terrorist attack in the paris subway ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/attentat_du_rer_b_%c3%a0_saint-michel ) , the madrid train bombings , the london bus bombings or 9/11 . 
  the cost of being able to secure every single train station is enormous . 
  paris region has probably a couple hundreds train stations alone + 4 major train stations who can lead you to / stop at any of the x thousands train stations which exist in france . 
  they 're trying to bring an illusion of security by putting armed patrols in major train stations / paris but they can not stop it and the tgv , as with any place packed full of people ( buses , subways , train , planes , museums , malls ) are obvious targets for these lunatics . 
  being harsher now is hardly a solution , not invading the middle east and being harsher on people who promoted radical ideas in europe in the past ( especially salafi preachers ) might have had prevented the current radicalization but i agree , there is no `` right '' solution atm . 
  we ca n't no do anything about it , can we ? 
  diplomacy is n't daesh 's main selling point and leaving them alone only allows them to grow stronger ( accumulate ressources , recruit more people , spread more terror , take over more territories and assimilate with the population so it becomes harder and harder to know who 's on which side ) , they wo n't stop until either us or them disappear from this planet , they 're happy to kill and eager to die . 
  one interesting question is , should we really believe what they say ? 
  read closely , their main propaganda message is that their aim was , all along , to force the west to invade the middle east but the west was more than happy to do so for personal reasons ( oil , overthrow regimes they did n't like , military industrial complex making mad profits , private reconstruction projects sucking billions and achieving no results , etc ) so while soldiers did lose their lives and politicians lost public support , the ones who were behind these invasions probably benefited from it . 
  another message they like to spread is that bombing them , sending troops to the ground or trying to interfere with whatever they are doing is what they want us to do so we should ... do the opposite ? 
  not interfering at all ? 
  ... yeah , right ... 
   shit , we do n't even know what to do with the fuckers we catch in actual conflict areas & warzones directing the shit . 
  ca n't really hold them as pows since they 're non-uniformed & belong to illegitimate organizations that have used terrorist tactics , nobody else fucking wants them , it 's hard to prove beyond a reasonable doubt they 're actually guilty when dealing with chaotic conflict areas & foreign countries , we ca n't just kill them & we ca n't exactly hold them forever . 
  so they found the loophole in our antiquated treaties / conventions / rules of war or whatever legal text matters when dealing with ennemy combattants , maybe it 's time to change them ? 
  there has to be a due process , i do n't agree with the way the us handled potential ennemy fighters they captured in the middle east and held in guantanamo without proper trial but we ca n't just let them do as they please within our territory , are the lives of these individuals worth more than the lives of the dozens they would kill ( each ) if given the chance ? 
  it 's another one of those things where , if we had been way harsher on the first people who joined terrorist organizations or supported them years ago , we might have ruined a few lives back then but may more people ended up dying because they cross the path of those lunatics and some ( if not most ) of these people would have lived a pretty normal life if we did n't allow those organizations to grow , spread their propaganda and recruit them into it . 
  i know there is no * right * way to deal with it and nobody wants to be the monster who eradicated a movement before it became a threat but inaction ( europe 's trademark , really ) has its own consequences and they 're often pretty cruel ( ex : how many people would have died in syria / iraq if we had bombed isis when it invaded its first cities vs how many people have died since they started their conquest because we chose to stay on the sidelines and how many more will die before we can get rid of them ? ), 
  no need for hindsight , if you openly support the cause , recruit for them , forward their propaganda , feed them intel , keep in touch with them and spend months in syria training and fighting for them , there is little doubt you 're not on our side . 
  if the only thing keeping you from killing people is lack of opportunity ( weapons / cash for weapons / will / contacts who can supply you everything you need ) then you 're not on our side either . 
  if you 're a muslim extremist who supports terrorism , has close ties with known extremists and went to syria , should n't you at least be treated as ennemy combattant ? 
  if you 're european ( on paper ) , it should even be treated as treason , you are supporting an ennemy who kidnapps and executes civilians from your country , you show an open support for people whose desire is to destroy your countries , you recruit for them or spread their ideas , i have no idea how this is legal . 
  not saying they should get the guantanamo treatment and be put there without a trial and often tortured , we have to be better than the people we 're fighting but they should n't be able to roam freely on our territory either . 
  i also think the difference in education is a main factor , probably more important than religion ( like uganda 's view of homosexuality is not really on par with ours and yet they 're considered a branch of christianity ) but i still think we can not blame these countries for trying to improve integration odds by accepting people who might look like they have some values in common . 
  it 's a huge leap of faith , integration has worked between european countries or between ex-empires and their former colonies ( like people from maghreb at least somewhat speak french and have been influenced by our culture in the past so it 's slightly easier for them to live in france ) but we 're facing such a huge wave of migrants , some of them coming from countries where terrorist organizations are at war with us ( how many of those refugees are actually fighters or support their shitty cause ? 
  ) , you want something , * anything * that tells you , this guy might not be a threat . 
  i have a shitty feeling that we missed our only real opportunity to solve this issue decades ago . 
  it 's one of these issues you can not solve by making compromise , you either have to embrace immigration , create safe zones and allow safe passage or strongly oppose it from the start and do everything in your power to stop it . 
  if we had just arrested and deported every single illegal migrant we could find when they started washing up on our shores and fortified our borders , we would have been seen as cruel and heartless , probably for good reasons but we would have ruined maybe hundreds of lives ( cost of travel is so expensive it would have been a massive loss for them when they find themselves back to square one ) . 
  being afraid of being seen as racist or oppressive , we were too weak to really push them back and allowed the first waves of migrants to stay here ( either by giving them refuge or having procedures so long and complicated they might as well not exist ) , which made the whole continent really attractive . 
  now these people ca n't find an easy way in and the life they 'll get here is one of poverty and living in constant fear of being maybe deported so they both end up living shitty life when they 're not dying by the thousands in the mediterranean sea or causing problems with natives / previous immigrants who successfully integrated because of the sheer differences in value ( not blaming them but we have little in common with your average tribal afghan or saudi scholar for example , lack of education also creates issues on its own ) . 
  it 's like being afraid to bomb isis at the very beginning of the movement because we might kill the civilians who lived in the first cities they captured but doing so allowed them to kill 100x more and inflitrate the population so we have no way to bomb them without inflicting more civilian casualties ... or being afraid to quarantine the few people who were in contact with an ebola patient because they might not be sick and thus allowing them to infect 100x more people ... or not putting a radical extremist in prison who has been in constant contact with other extremists / trained in syria because he has yet to kill anyone here . 
  it 's like , they 're all shitty and exagerated examples but when you 're in power , there is no good way to deal with these issues , it 's either bad now or worse later but our politicians always choose to delay implementing the solution hoping it disappears on its own and causing waaaay more suffering down the road when they have to deal with it . 
  yeah , there are tough times ahead , i think we can celebrate any little victory we can get , 
  since the news popped up , it 's been the talk of the town so my family has been talking about different scenarios for hours . 
  unfortunately i think most of us ( myself included of course ) would have been unable to do anything about it , no amount of speculation can prepare you for that , especially in europe where we are not familiar with weapons , there is no scenario in which i see myself try to wrestle with an armed gunman . 
  i 'm just glad professionals were there , they were both able to recognize the threat and the courage to stop it , talk about a great timing . 
  we do n't have much information but i can think of many reasons they 'd get involved even without knowing that man was armed . 
  they might have seen the sncf agent ask the man to leave the bathroom and thought they might lend him a hand if it turned ugly ( not terrorist-ugly , maybe drunk-ugly and a 3vs1 fist fight is easier to win if that happens ) , they might have seen the man acting suspiciously and were kinda worried when they saw him go to the bathroom , the agent might have called them for help because they were the only strong-looking guys around or they might have passing through the train ( the cafetaria has its own dedicated wagon and there are a few bathrooms between your seat and that place ) and happened to see the agent brawl with the gunman and decided to jump in . 
  you got thousands of train travelling around every day and probably little to no security on board , one marine is apparently gravely wounded but the 3 of them stopped him in close quarters , it 's frightening to imagine how it would have turned out if he had enough room to act however he wanted to with such an obvious advantage over anyone trying to interfere with their bare hands . 
  the interior seems a bit different but i have no idea , it looks pretty much the same from outside , you 're right . 
  but maybe thalys got the old tgv as sncf built newer ones or it 's the other way around or maybe both have a fleet composed of new/old trains , i 'm no train expert !, 
  some elite police units are given the freedom to buy their own weapons ( the ones they are the most comfortable / accurate with ) so i guess it * could * happen someday but i doubt it , is n't the ak outdated by today 's standards ? 
  i mean it 's really useful and reliable in countries where the weather is poop but we 're talking about police officers who carry out short hostage rescue operations , not actual warfare . 
  dan carlin made interesting podcasts about ww1 , including bits about the whole `` fight with your pals '' recruitment scheme and the `` we 'll shame you into joining the army '' one , pretty interesting . 
  those battlefields are probably the closest we ever get to what i imagine hell would look like , seems like some units were wiped out ( could be a whole village / town ) before even getting to the actual frontlines since millions of shells were raining all over the place for months : x, 
   are christian lives more valuable than muslim lives to europe ? 
  they have n't talked about the value of anyone 's life . 
  think about it a second though , you 're a country built upon christian values ( whether you stayed religious or became secular , centuries of christianity have influenced your leaders and the people living under them , influencing both their decisions and the values they transmitted to the following generations ) . 
  it 's not easy to take care of refugees , a country might face internal problems which would only be aggravated by the arrival of more people ( lack of jobs / funding for a proper healthcare system , universities or providing enough buildings for everyone ) and those people might struggle a lot to adapt to this new country . 
  them being christians only improves the odds of a successful integration , even if they did n't receive the same education as you or the same history , not only do they have values you all share , they are not full of hatred towards your religion . 
  muslims refugees ? 
  who knows ? 
  i do n't , you do n't , those governments do n't , most of them are probably good people looking for a decent life out there , doing their best to survive , ca n't blame them for fleeing war-torn areas but their education ( both at school and at home ) might have turned them into people who do not share your values ( towards women , homosexuality , freedom of expression , freedom of religion , whatever , they might even hate the western world altogether ) . 
  those governments want to reduce the risk of a migrant turning out to be some wannabe terrorist or being someone who supports their actions and could be persuaded to become one . 
  if you had to take a refugee in your home and were given a choice , would you take someone who speaks your language and has some things you can relate to ( level of education , religion , job ) or someone you know nothing about ? 
  the first one might turn out to be a bigger threat and the second one a cheerful muslim who wants to do his best to repay you but when you weight your decisions , an option looks better than the other . 
  [ lepoint.fr ] ( http://www.lepoint.fr/societe/trois-blesses-par-un-homme-arme-dans-le-thalys-21-08-2015-1958362_23.php ) is saying that the suspect is a 26yo moroccan and was known by security services ( he had a s-file meaning he was considered a potential threat but put under surveillance like pretty much every terrorist that struck in the last few years ) . 
  tv is saying the two marines were called as back up by a sncf agent ( the one who controls tickets ) who thought that person was suspicious and was worried about him being locked in the toilets way too long so i 'm not sure if they were actively targeted or happened to be the strongest-looking guys available . 
  that being said , regardless of the attacker 's motive ( yeah , right ... ) , they saved many lives , not sure if they should get public recognition ( i mean , their family back home could be in danger ) but they really deserve a reward .
