  since it was going from amsterdam to paris , it was probably a [ thalys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thalys ) , not sure how long this one was but if wiki is exact , each train is able to hold 377 passengers ( see pages about the [ pbka = paris , brussels , koln , amsterdam ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sncf_tgv_thalys_pbka ) and [ other tgv models ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sncf_tgv_r%c3%a9seau ) ) . 
  two trains stuck together ( there is probably a proper name for that ... ) would be 750 + people . 
  i doubt one attacker would have time to kill everyone on board but those things can be packed at peak time , i 've seen one where passengers with a proper ticket were unable to get a seat and had to wait between two cars the whole way ... 
  yeah , where do you hide ? 
  i 've been in a tgv and while the longest trains are actually two tgv stuck together , if you 're on the wrong side of the train , you really have nowhere to hide , just got ta hope they stop the train and open the doors so you can try your luck in the countryside . 
  i agree but i still think the left is afraid to do anything about it . 
  for decades they 've been accusing anyone and everyone who even tried to talk about those issues of being racist and they might have started to believe it themselves . 
  i do n't have any problems with migrants per say , some have done wonders for france and did n't get much in return , we got a strong polish / portuguese / spanish / italian diaspora in some regions and they have successfully integrated , we got a lot of immigrants from the maghreb region who face serious discrimination despite coming here doing jobs we did n't want to do anymore but they 're doing their best , 3rd gen migrants are often the ones causing trouble . 
  if you 're are somewhat reasonable , you probably think that there are two sides to this issue : they face real discrimination , live in shitty neighborhoods where they get subpar education and therefore less chance of success at adulthood ... but a minority of them is responsible for pushing other inhabitants away , making the lives of teachers a nightmare until they got the fuck out of there and their hatred towards france is certainly making them the center of attention and turning natives against the whole group they belong to , despite most of them simply wanting to live a decent life . 
  but , because we are too afraid to talk about it or even adress those issues ... hell , even having data on who 's committing crimes and which communities they belong to is illegal ... it 's paving the way for the far-right movements , they can say whatever they want , there is no data !, 
  and the incompetence of other parties on pretty much all issues is so obvious people easily believe them when they say the government is not tough enough or actually encouraging them . 
  in paris , it 's pretty obvious , the roma are causing lots of trouble in business / touristical districts and nothing is done about it ( the very same people are arrested on a daily basis , sometimes a few times a day for committing the same crimes and they 're always let go , i see the same ones scamming peopl at the same place for the last 8 + years ) , because they were n't tough on them years ago , the cost of stopping them skyrocketed and it 's getting out of hand , short-term ideas ftw !, 
  from what i 've seen on tv : 3 wounded ( one slightly , two a bit more seriously but all three of them looked conscious on the pictures that have been broadcasted ) , no confirmation about what the attacker looks like but yeah , apparently two us soldiers on holidays were able to disarm and restrain him until they got to the closest station . 
  lots of conflicting information about whether or not he was able to fire or what exactly happened , i guess more will come in a few hours but it 's obvious those two brave people were able to prevent a disaster . 
  edit : france2 is saying that a sncf agent ( sncf is the company managing the railway ) thought the suspect 's behavior was suspicious and was getting worried when he locked himself in the bathroom so he called the two marines to get some backup ( none of them were armed , ofc ) and they arrested him when he got out , before he had time to really fire . 
  he had a ** kalashnikov and 9 magazines ** , apparently the two marines got hurt during the brawl ( one was grazed by a bullet and the other cut by a small knife ) but other reports are talking about other passengers getting hurt so who knows . 
  edit 2 : other topic is more visible but according to lepoint.fr is saying that the suspect is a 26yo moroccan and was known by security services ( he had a s-file meaning he was considered a potential threat but put under surveillance like pretty much every terrorist that struck in the last few years ) . 
  edit 3 : one of the marines is apparently gravely wounded contrary to initial reports , hoping for the best but damn , i really hope he does n't pass away , it would be a shitty end to what could have been a somewhat not-that-sad story . 
  president hollande was in holidays last month and did n't do shit , not that any of our recent governments has been known for doing much about anything ( they * do * like going on tv and making promises though ) . 
  the migrant issue is complicated , being tough on migrants is the far-right politicaly party main idea , the right appears tough in media but they have n't done shit to adress this issue back when they were in power ( sarkozy closed the sangatte refugee center to please the uk , pretending people would n't come to calais anymore , eh ... ) and the left can not do anything because they do n't want to push away leftists voters and push some voters towards the far-right party ( regional elections coming up soon , december 2015 ) . 
  assuming there is enough family left to actually have a family meal , he divorced his first wife ( who posed nude in some magazine as some sort of twisted revenge ) , he banished his closest friend in the party when he dared to oppose him ( le pen was banished from some election and wanted his wife without any political experience to take his place and not his right-hand man ) and banished one of his daughters for siding with the traitor . 
  he supported marine but is now at war with her and he supported marion-mar\u00e9chal because * she * was a much better person but since she did n't openly support him , he 's now thinking of running against her in the next regional elections . 
  he still has his second wife i guess but that 'll be one sad christmas . 
  france has something unique where we are always waiting for `` l'homme providentiel '' ( should be `` man of providence '' but i 'm not sure there is an exact translation ) , a strong and charismatic man who will take france by storm and lead it with a strong vision towards a bright future . 
  you ca n't be france 's president and be popular because you 'll never be that man , `` okay '' is not enough , we want the de gaulle , the napol\u00e9on ... the far right is infatuated with charles martel ( who stopped an arab invasion at poitiers but also killed many frenchmen throughout his carrer ) or joan of arc ( led by god or slightly crazy yet led france against the british ) who were brought out of nowhere for war propaganda last century ... the left also has its mythical figures whose values they have long forgotten . 
  sometimes i wonder if we really want democracy , we did support napol\u00e9on as an emperor less than a decade after we overthrew our king after all ( who was then replaced by another king , then by another emperor ) , like we want to decide together and democratically support a strong leader who is strong enough he should n't even need our advices and would only pass measures we all approve so our vote would n't even be necessary :p, 
   what 's the problem with actually acknowledging the role the west played in creating the problems that the middle east is facing right now ? 
  there is none , we created a lot of problems for the middle east but somehow , while people are eager to blame europe for the current situation in africa / the middle east , people always ignore both what was the situation in those countries beforehand ( shia/sunni islam being divided since 1400 years , slavery being a common trade before the slave trade , countries fighting each other without our intervention ) and how little has been accomplished even where we did n't play an active part into building those countries and ignore how much problem we created to ourselves . 
  european countries did a lot of shit to other countries but the most damage they did was to their own people throughout centuries of wars and oppression , if europe is the only factor that prevented the middle east from flourishing then we should be in an even worse situation than them . 
  even those who are not religious live in a country which was heavily influenced by that religion , our leaders were influenced by the church for centuries , the church often taught children and transmitted a certain set of values , those values were shared by the people who built what would become our current society . 
  the good , the bad , how we followed the church , parted from it or fought it , it revolved around it for centuries , i would n't call myself a christian but there is no denying i 've got more in common with people from christian countries whose culture was built on similar ideas than muslims syrians , regardless of their will to integrate or whether or not they 're good people . 
  how long are they gon na use that excuse though ? 
  the sykes -- picot agreement was signed in 1916 and we divided the ottoman empire only because it joined germany and fought against us in a little event called ww1 , it was shit but it was a hundred years ago , they had 100 years to come up with a better way to draw their borders , make new countries , assimilate minorities into their population . 
  was the middle east such a better place before 1916 ? 
  if that agreement was enough to destroy the middle east and stopping them from ever living in peace then what about europe ? 
  how many millions of people died during ww1 / ww2 ? 
  how much was our economy destroyed in the 20th century ? 
  we were able to build the european union around two countries ( germany / france ) who hated each other 's gut since the 1870s franco-prussian wars . 
  we made peace out of the worse situation our contient has ever known , we made peace despite a genocide of biblical proportions , in the middle of a cold war where the two superpowers at the time were waving dicks and threatening to destroy the world . 
  3 of my family members died in ww1 ( including one at verdun which was specifically designed to bleed france dry and kill as many soldiers as possible without any other territorial objective ) and nobody is blaming the current germans for that , talking about revenge ... german is taught at school , people love germany , we ven look up to them sometimes , we would n't think of any reason to harm a german for that . 
  but somehow it 's fine for the middle east to be stuck in 1916 and for everyone to hate each other because muh the europeans did it . 
  we never had a problem twisting reality into what we want to believe at the time , geography or a basic understanding of history are n't limits , they 're just limts we have to pretend not to see !, 
  you 'd think they start to realize we 're onto them and actually throw us a bone by making a few good things and pretending to be somewhat honest . 
  but nope , they really do n't care . 
  hey , he was a college-dropout at the time who had failed three times his first or second bachelor year , who else would be more suited to manage the biggest business district in europe ? 
  people do n't feel represented by unions nor by regional / national politicians , both have a lost a lot of prestige and are basically jokes at this point , which explains the low rate of participation in elections / unionization . 
  on the other hand , people seem to be way more involved in ngo / local politics so there is a weird shift in the whole `` living together '' concept that we used to be proud of , some sort of communitarianism where people form little groups and ignore the rest of the country . 
   we still view napoleon in very positive light and honor his victories in our national anthem . 
  eh , really ? 
  that 's interesting , seems like they are a lot of countries on friendly terms with our country but we 're not doing much to maintain those ties . 
  ours is an hommage to the french revolution , which is probably our greatest success since we were able to establish a democracy ( under which 40,000 + people were killed in the civil war and the maaaaaaaany beheadings that followed ) before it was taken over by an emperor 10 years later then taken back by a king then by the very same emperor thas was sent into exile then by the king then by the emperor 's nephew before finally becoming a republic where a bunch of more or less competent people governed us and sabotaged the country as much as they tried to keep it afloat . 
  democracy at work !, 
  they knew !, 
  ( somehow ), 
  his comeback interview was really something , he seemed more mature , more calm , looking at his own presidency / failed 2012 campaign with hindsight and while putting the blame on himself ... he was even more stable physically ( no twitching or anything ) . 
  too bad the interview lasted 30 + minutes because he reverted to his old self 15 minutes into it haha, 
  ah , it reminds me of the sweet sarkozy government , he was everywhere , at all times , promising new laws left and right , promising an answer to every crisis , every murder or accident was an occasion for him to shine in the media and announce a new law !, 
  more !, 
  more !, 
  tougher laws !, 
  his ministers were useless tools who would go into the media and repeat what great leader told them to , the prime minister was transparent but * he * was the man of action . 
  wait , what , he never actually did anything he promised ? 
  it ca n't be , he said those things on tv , they have to be the truth !, 
  you think a lunatic who wants to attack a soldier , any soldier , in order to spread terror would specifically avoid attacking a medic soldier or one of the many people working in the army as non-combatant military personnel ? 
  if they 're crazy , that wo n't stop them , if they 're religious extremists then they have no problem killing random civilians or even members of their own family for silly reasons , i doubt that would stop them either . 
  that 's how politicians do it !, 
  but i do n't see the problem with adding flairs that would give people the choice to hide subjects they are not particularly interested about , 
  yep , i 'm looking for a job in france atm ( already lucky enough that i have a small studio here so i wanted to avoid the cost of moving out / buying something elsewhere since banks do n't give loans to people my age ) but the longer i remain unemployed , the more i 'm thinking about trying my luck in another country . 
  i send a lot of applications for jobs and sometimes , i do n't look too carefully about the job i 'm applying to . 
  last week , i got refused for not having enough experience ( ~ 1 year ) for the job and when i looked at the email , i realized it was actually for an internship . 
  so , talking about expectations ... 
  i 'm not really sure what 's up , they want experienced people but they do n't want to pay them , there is probably not much else they 're thinking about . 
  look at [ our gdp ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/france/gdp ) vs [ spain 's gdp ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/gdp ) . 
  in recent years , spain peaked at $ 1634bn , they lost up to $ 279bn and were still $ 230bn away from their pre-crisis level according to latest data . 
  in recent years , france peaked at $ 2923bn , dropped to $ 2647bn ( that 's a $ 276bn drop so similar to spain except we had a bigger economy so it was a smaller impact percentage-wise ) and is now back to $ 2829bn ( only $ 100bn away from our pre-crisis level ) . 
  france looks funny , it goes up and down , we have a massive unemployment problem ( like spain ) , our politicians keep saying our country is a failure , everyone is in an uproar about pretty much everything , we 're the bad kid in class , we make fun of ourselves and yet ... 
  i do n't know , our chart does n't look like that . 
  spain growth is bigger than ours and it is a good thing , that does n't mean their economy is better or that they are producing more than us or that the situation for the common folks there is improving , they 're numbers and they 're not that great to talk about the situation of any country 's inhabitant . 
  sure but they 're not back to their pre-2008 gdp level yet so they are only starting to get back on their feet and still have a long way to go ( which is still something positive , i 'll give you that ) , i would hardly call that a star performance . 
  percentages are n't useful when you compare widely different countries . 
  if you look at ... let 's say somalia which has a gdp per capita of $ 133 , even if they doubled their gdp , they would only gain one rank ( # 194 -  # 193 ) . 
  now , if you look at luxembourg ( # 1 ) and their $ 111,700 gdp per capita , they will probably never be able to double it , a $ 113 increase would mean nothing for them . 
  a 0.1 % growth for luxembourg creates more value than a 100 % growth for somalia but if both happened at the same time , we should n't really say somalia is performing better than luxembourg and is the next star of our economy , we might say `` oh well , they finally got their shit together or some foreign investment fund pumped a lot of money into their economy '', 
  yes !, 
  spreading love , tolerance and freedom one explosion at a time . 
  so we should give up on these things ? 
  why not retake them ? 
  if charlemagne is considered a nazi symbol ( and it 's not , i 've never heard of that ss unit and neither have most people ) , it would be because the last time it was used , a ss unit took that name , let 's take it back and associate it to something more positive . 
   who was the letter from ? 
  it was the [ urssaf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/urssaf ) , they collect contributions for the employer / employees social security system or something . 
  but yeah , it 's a weird system , when you ask for less taxes / regulations , people usually think you 're one of the monsters who wants to hire children in chinese factories and force them to slave away 24/7 but for small business owners , it 's just about gaining enough traction to become a company worth getting taxes from and not getting obliterated before you even stabilize your situation , there are some weird regulation examples too . 
  my uncle also crafts items with wood and wanted to hire someone to help him clean up his house/entrepot as he 's sick and has difficulties doing some tasks but that person would not be allowed to go anywhere near machines ( 1,25 meters iirc ) so the space between two machines would have to be at least 2 x 1,25 m + more room to actually walk between machines and that would mean either removing half the machines he uses or double the size of his workspace ... oh , and also either remove the enormous machine near the door because it 's too close to the door and can not be moved away from it or seal off the door and build another one somewhere else ( he told me he 'd cost him $ 10k , not sure if that 's a high estimate or not , i know nothing about the subject ) . 
  in another city close to his , a man bought a sawmill , spent $ 100k upgrading it so it would comply with safety and ecological regulations and when he had just finished it , the norms changed and he learned he had to spend even more money upgrading it or redo entire parts of it , seems like madness . 
   i met a french woman in germany who opened a bakery ( nothing more french than that ) . 
  at the end of her first year her taxes were higher than not only all of her profits but all of her revenue . 
  she brought this up to the tax authorities and they did not seem to think it was a problem . 
  she relocated to germany and is trying to start a business there . 
  step-father opened his company , he worked on his own as a carpenter/joiner ( he thought he 'd get more money working for himself than for someone else ) and had not even finished his first work nor gotten his first pay from his client that he got a letter asking for $ 5000 and threatening to sue him if he did n't comply , that was the first official letter he got from an official organization and we actually looked it up on google because we thought it was either a scam or thugs trying to bully money out of him . 
  but yeah , my mother pretty much had to help him stay afloat for a year because big companies took basically forever to pay him and the government kept taking 60 % + of the money he made ( the remaining 40 % went for their rent and daily expenses , he had nothing at the end of the month ) and he had to close it ... and when he decided to close it because he could n't pay his only employee and was out of money , he was told he had to pay $ 4000 to close his company ( 1000 lawyer 's fee , 2000 for the state + another 1000 for the remaining amount of vat he had to pay ) it 's really weird and there are so many different parts of the government collecting money at different times that it really feels bad , like you fear opening your mail . 
   i remember a story where gypsies set up camp in a hospital parking lot and the staff could not get to work .
