  the many problems we had with pedophile priests also ended up reducing the influence of the church in france as many people were very unhappy with the church not cooperating with the authorities when they were n't actively trying to hide those crimes ... it was hate or fear though , you 're right , more like ... disappointment ? 
  the feelings are different when the criminal is `` one '' of us but i do n't think it 'd be fair to say we would n't bad an eyelid , the disgust would be the same . 
   no - the lawyer can try anything for his client , but is n't the one handing out the sentence . 
  what seems shitty from the very limited information here ( not reading norwegian ) is that the court followed this seemingly absurd reasoning . 
  yeah lawyers can say pretty absurd things to get their client out of jail , like the one representing the thalys train attacker pretending that he found the weapon in a park ( so he would n't be charged for not cooperating with the police and refusing to tell who sold him that ak47 ) and only wanted to commit robbery ( and the `` proof '' is that he did n't kill anyone ) . 
  obviously , there are proofs that this is a terrorist act and victims who actually got shot and witness and we 're not totally stupid so i do n't think any sane judge would believe him , but it wo n't stop the lawyer from trying . 
  not sure how anyone though that made sense , they were acting together , targeting the same victim with the same intent and even if only one was doing anything at the time , it was the same event and the presence of accomplices obviously made it harder for the victim to call for help or defend herself ... if she even could . 
   every single eu official worth its name knew that this policy to unleash masses of migrants onto europe was a threat turkey ( and others ) was making for many years . 
  isis was making the same threat , saying they 'd open smuggling routes from libya and flood with millions of migrants ( some of them probably being isis militants ) . 
  whether it was on purpose or if they just let smugglers do whatever they want as long as they got some form of payment , it * is * a flood now . 
  dos it matter ? 
  we can argue all we want about the reality , what matters to these migrants is their perception of those events . 
  they 've heard of sweden welcoming them with open arms , they 've probably heard of germany welcoming syrian refugees ( and everyone who speaks arabic can easily pretends to be a syrian ) so it 's the country they are aiming for , it 's probably really easy for smugglers to make them believe whatever they want , it 's not like they understand german anyway . 
  well , europe has been through tougher times , if you remember ww1 , the battle of verdun alone ( 9 months ) ended up causing roughly a million casualties after 45 millions shells were fired . 
  and that 's one battle , during one war , and that did n't even stop germany from wanting another go at it 20 years later , this crisis will change europe , probably not for the better ( nothing against the people themselves but it wo n't have a positive impact on our lives ) but i do n't see the end coming anytime soon . 
  not always , uk citizens do n't have a id card so there is no need for one and no id control , there are also diasporas already established over there so it 's a good network of people you can contact to get accomodation or a job . 
   it was never meant to increase the number of people coming here , it was meant to alleviate some pressure there , simplify some bureaucratic nonsense here . 
  additionally , german courts very much dislike us sending people back since the conditions are often times inhumane . 
  which is why we pretty much stopped sending them back months ago anyway . 
  but it will , the same way welcoming with open arms all kurds who had a miserable life in turkey turned a lot of turkish migrants into kurdish militants fearing for their lives overnight , the fake passport factories are probably running at full speed making fake syrian passports for whoever is rich enough to get one . 
  the picture of that kind dying on a beach caused germany and france to freak out and they 're now talking about forcing all countries to host a minimum amount of migrants ( we 'll either need to convince all 28 but if they refuse , we 'll force them has said a journalisst tonight ... so i 'm not sure how much of a discussion it 'll be ) which will give even more families a reason to risk their lives by crossing the sea . 
  it 's supposed to be temporary but i do n't think our public opinion is ready for another war in syria and syrians are fleeing the country , who 's left to turn the situation around ? 
  assad ? 
  kurds ? 
  both are hated by turkey so we ca n't even support them . 
  or maybe someone in the pentagon will be dumb enough to support other islamist groups because picking the worst possible horse is one of the things we do best . 
  it 's pretty coherent though , people do n't give a shit about other countries / people / communities . 
  you leave your country to emigrate to a better one so your life improves , you refuse to let immigrants in your country because you think it 'll have a negative impact on your life . 
  it works the other way around too , they want you to follow their rules / traditions when you visit their country , they want to be able to follow their rules / traditions and ignore yours when they live in your country . 
  maybe but do you see a politician pushing for war after a decade of failed war in the middle east ? 
  french people were against the iraq war ( we did n't go and ended up being ridiculed for that ) , they were n't supportive of the afghanistan war either and even less when our soldiers started dieing in the mess the usa created , libya was a moronic war ( he did start to kill the civilians before we went in but we lacked ammo and did n't even provide a long-term support , the country is in an even worse shape than before ) , mali was somewhat correct but nobody in europe really backed us up ( logistics only but no soldiers on the ground ) and beyond the initial success of pushing rebels away from the capital , we have no idea when we 'll be out of this one , the presence of boko haram in these parts of africa is a real problem . 
  it 's basically a political suicide , it might be the only way to end it and we 'll probably think about it when it 's too late and too costly but i do n't expect anyone to bring this on the table . 
   it would attack the root cause of the current migration problems and stop isis which is a cancer we 're going to have to deal with sooner or later , so i can see the advantages , but who would we be supporting there ? 
  assad ? 
  not long ago , some countries were ready to go to war - against - him . 
  occupy those areas , stay out of the syrian civil war and give that land to the kurds ? 
  - that 'll - go over well with the neighbours . 
  ca n't create a kurdistan as turkey would n't agree with it , ca n't side with assad as turkey wants to get rid of him at all cost , ca n't really overthrow assad as creating a power vacuum has proven not to be such a great idea in iraq / libya , ca n't negotiate with isis as they are as eager to kill us as they are happy to die and wo n't settle for anything less than world domination . 
  a military intervention to at least get rid of isis , create a buffer zone between turkey - assad 's syria - kurdistan - iraq , maybe ? 
  it 's a tough sell though , military operations aggravated the situation in these countries ( or at least accelerated the fall of these regimes and the unavoidable power struggle that would ensue ) , we lost thousands of soldiers and did n't achieve much , now we have to go back ? 
  it 's a political suicide . 
  plus russia / china would probably veto it because they 're usually dicks and did n't really like how our no-fly zone operation in libya turned into a bombing one to actively support the rebels instead of protecting the civilians . 
  and who can blame our politicians ? 
  nobody wants to see their citizens go to war and come back in a casket , the problem is that being afraid of causing the deaths of a few civilians in the past will probably cause more deaths in the future , inaction is a choice and it often has pretty cruel consequences ( eg . 
  how many people would have died if we bombed isis in the first cities they conquered ? 
  how many have died since we let them do whatever they want ? 
  how many more will die until they disappear ) . 
  also , terrorists have some great marketing guys , i often see people repeating the whole `` we want the usa to go at war with us , bomb us , kill us , we want countries to toughen up their security measures , it 's the ideal too for recruiting people and it 'll waste their money / the lives of their soldiers '' but then what , the only way to deal with them is not to fight them nor to increase our security measures so it 'll be easier for them to conquer territories and attack us on our territory , `` winning '' against terrorism is a strange feeling if the only way to win is to let innocents die, 
  france laughed at italy when people were trying to cross the french border from there , saying it was their problem since they arrived in italy only to ask uk for help in calais because since that 's where they 're going , it 's their problem . 
  politicians ... 
  i 'm sure we 'll soon praise merkel for being so accepting of refugees and hurry not to do anything about it in france . 
  it really did haha we did n't want our king , we overthrew him , we executed him , the people in power started what we call the `` reign of terror '' where 40,000 people ended up getting either executed , then europe declared war on us , then someone took power and crowned himself 'em peror ' , then another king took his place , then he briefly came back , then the king came back , then the emperor 's nephew overthrew the king ... 
  but we celebrate the french revolution as the birth of our democracy ( even though we 're a barely functional republic that does n't really care about its people ) . 
  the civil war was both the cause ( gaddafi vs its people ) and the result ( different power-hungry factions aiming for the throne ) . 
  it 's not like we went there because of imaginary wmd but there was a certain lack of after-sales services , you ca n't just kill a dictator and expected democracy to fall from the sky . 
  i think we were afraid of another afghanistan ( 10 + years , no real results ) or of being accused of colonialism or imperialism . 
  i think the libya intervention was fair , dictator was killing his own population and encircling cities full of civilians who could n't defend themselves . 
  that being said , turning an operation which was supposed to be limited to establishing a `` no-fly zone '' over libya then bombing tank columns then helping the population overthrow the dictator was a pretty bad idea ... leaving the country as soon as they promised us to hold elections was a terrible one , we should really stop assuming that elections = the whole country is becoming a democracy overnight and everybody is embracing western values . 
  do n't forget telling italy that the migrants stuck at our borders , trying to get in france were their problems while asking the uk to help us dealing with the refugees trying to go to england . 
  others are not doing enough to help us , we should n't have to help others at all since it 's their own problem , talk about being incoherent . 
  fabius is a moron , he nearly sabotaged the talks with iran , asking more than even the usa were and making us look like fools ... weeks before he went there to act all buddies-buddies with the people in power . 
  we 're now scrambling to get back to that country and promote our companies to that huge market , which we left only because the usa pressured us into doing so , it 's like ... bad decisions all around . 
  and we 're already experiencing it in france ( calais ) with refugees living only with people from their home country and fighting other groups ( erythrean vs sudanese , sudanese vs afghans ) , we 've already seen a few brawls and iirc one refugee even got shot by another . 
  antisemitism is also on the rise in france and the reactions on social medias after some terrorist attacks where jews were specifically target were appalling ... well , reactions on twitter are always stupid but lots of people were cheering on the terrorist , including 3rd-gen migrants who have been french citizens since their birth . 
  considering how brutal the revolution has been towards the clergy and religious values in general , it 's actually kinda amazing how it was able to gain back some traction in the following 200 years , shows how deeply rooted it was in our society . 
  but yeah , the religious wedding has no value , it 's almost just `` tolerated '' since it can only take place after the civil ceremony with the mayor and is only allowed if you can present a proper certificate of marriage . 
  if anyone , from any religion , married two people without proper authorization from the state , they risk up to 6 months in prison and a $ 7500 fine , the state takes its role seriously ... or , well , in theory they do , i 've never heard of anyone going to prison for that , it 's probably there in case some religious nutjob starts marrying people behind our backs like they apparently do in the uk now . 
  if there is an ideal time to do a referendum then i agree , it has to be done when the first migrants arrive , before any problem arises . 
  whether you 're for or against it , it is a time of tension , governments need the approval of their people before they do anything , they at least need to know what the citizens want and if they do n't want it , then it has to be said now rather when it 's too late to do anything about it . 
  it 's not a few weeks holidays those migrants are planning , they 'll be part of the landscape for decades to come and will change the countries they settle in one way or another , regardless of their will to integrate or how positive/negative their impact will be . 
   as to the future of the eu : if we just keep on sleepwalking from crisis to crisis we 're pretty much screwed , ca n't really blame public perception for that . 
  honestly i 'd say , at least in france , that our politicians have failed to raise any awareness towards the eu . 
  sure , you can tell people they should look up things on their own but they wo n't , people are n't really aware of things that are not reported in the mainstream medias ( radio , tv , press ) . 
  it 's not that they consider these sources `` trustworthy '' but they show an even greater distrust towards internet and wo n't bother spending a few hours keeping in touch with what the eu does , i know i 'm guilty of it but everybody i know is . 
  and in those medias , you really never hear much about the eu , whenever there is something negative ( debt-talks , fines , laws that add new regulations to an already complicated market , competition from low-cost countries ) , it makes the headlines since it fits the narrative our politicians push foward ( eu is bad , we are good , our situation is bad because of the eu , despite us doing our best ) but nothing positive really does . 
  last european elections , the whole tv campaign was purely on a national level , the left wanted us to vote for them to fight the rise of right extremists , the right wanted us to vote against the left because of how bad their national politics are , the far-right and the far-left usually agree on how bad the eu but did n't exactly tell us why ... the juncker vs schulz debate was in a really small channel at the same time as the mainstream were debating on our biggest public channel ... 
  in the end , it ended up with a really low voter turnout , the right winning most seats and spending more time mocking the left and flaunting themselves than actually proposing ideas and that was the end of it , there was some talk about europe when greece was on the brink of being kicked out of the eu but it was only about germany , greece and how the left will lead us to our ruin if left alone x ), 
  if the uk is similar to france , religious weddings have no value , they 're nice and all ( and the ceremony is really great ) but it does n't give you any rights , the only official act is the one in front of the mayor . 
  100 000 marriages is at least 200 000 people and obviously their respective families and whoever is pressuring them into these marriages and spreading false information around . 
  the only thing that it has achieved in the past decades is a huge boost to the far right parties , and that 's before the floodgate was opened and they came by the millions . 
  in france , we already have problems with romas , gangs from eastern europe , radicalized muslims , some 3rd-gens migrants , if the new migrants cause any amount of tension or if any of them turns out to be a isis fighter with contacts to buy weapons in europe and causes a terrorist attack , i do n't see how that 'll benefit the 2 mainstream parties , it 'll be the ideal situation the far right has been waiting for years . 
  and even if everything goes well , after all the sacrifices we 've done in the name of reducing our country 's public deficit , with 140,000 homeless people in france and lots of retired / young people barely staying afloat the poverty line , nobody will understand if we throw billions at those refugees for the free accomodation some of us need but have been refused . 
  finger-pointing is certainly a weird way to go about it , euroscepticism is on the rise , anti-germany sentiment is on the rise , anti-migrants sentiment is on the rise and she 's increasing all 3 at once . 
   has arming and training islamic rebels ever not backfired ? 
  damn , you would think we would have learned by now . 
  there is no such thing as `` good '' islamic rebels , and even if there were , the weapons you give them always end up on the black market . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're aware of that but by the time it backfires , it 's either someone else 's problem or a good excuse to pass tougher laws ( which are actually needed at this point i 'd say but are the results of a situation that could have been easily prevented ) . 
  anyone who is fighting our ennemy at the time is a `` good '' whatever we want them to be , freedom fighters , revolutionaries , moderate muslims or whatever , then when they inevitably turn against us , they reveal what they had been all along , allies of circumstances or ennemies who just had a bigger ennemy at the time . 
  what else do you use them for ? 
  extreme fishing ? 
  it * is * weird , like secret services complain they ca n't monitor 4000-5000 people who might be a threat to our country ( france ) but they would n't have to be monitored if they were n't here or arrested as soon as they got anywhere close to our country for being ennemy fighters . 
  i remember reading that some ww1 soldiers ( the testimonies were from french soldiers but it was probably true all across the board ) could guess whether or not a shell was going to hit them by sound alone and would either gfto or remain in position , i guess that 's the one time where experience can triumph over artillery . 
  but who knows , ww1 shells were probably slower or had a distinct sound that made them more predictable , i sure as hell would n't want to experience any of it x ), 
  read again . 
  he 's saying the opposite of what you think he means . 
  yeah i would n't say risking death coming to europe to escape from a warn-torn area is a great thing but i can see why people feel that way . 
  like , we all have grand-parents who have been working since they were sometimes as little as 14 , worked until they could retire way past 60 and their pension is miserable , barely above the poverty line . 
  does n't matter how much their situation is better than refugee 's , they keep hearing the government announce good things for them and they have 10 years of bad news behind them after working for the country all their life ( sometimes fighting for it ) , it feels bad . 
  if there is one thing i 've learned over the years is that people 's perception of things is pretty much the truth for them , facts matter little when you can outright ignore them , twist them to your own vision or if you are not aware of them . 
   why do people feel like the quality of human life is correctly determined by the country you were born in ?
