some of them grew up in a totally different environnement , either receiving little or no education , having religion shape all aspects of their lives , assuming that they would perfectly integrate into a peaceful secular society built upon christian values after growing up in a war-torn or poverty-torn religious country where religion is law is ... naive at best . 
  but yes , sure , they 're not good people just because they fled their country just like a country is n't a democracy just because they have elections but on the other hand , it does n't mean all refugees are like that , some probably share our values or aspire to get a new and better life here and are tired of the religious bullshit . 
  i do n't agree with the right because we should do way more to integrate those willing to do so but i ca n't agree with the left either , we need to be tougher on those who do n't . 
  yeah , that what we * should * do but honestly , we wo n't , some terrorists strike a decade after they 're back from their training , we ca n't afford monitoring every wannabe terrorist forever , especially as their number keeps growing , we ca n't even monitor the ones we are currently aware of i have no idea what should be done , i guess we should have been waaaaaay tougher on the first ones who joined these extremists before they could gain momentum and recruit others , not willing to ruin a few lives , we let them ruin way more innocent lives and now there is just no winning against them . 
  they ca n't win either because europe has seen much much worse ( ww1 alone was 42 + millions deaths ) but it does n't seem like they 'll give up anytime soon . 
  isis themselves broadcast videos where they crucify , behead , drown , burn or shoot people , often unarmed civilians ... they do n't hide it , they 're actually very proud of it , it 's at the core of their propaganda . 
  when they choose to believe in someone who belongs to this organization , who either does these things on daily basis or at least approve it and dismiss everything from the government which gave them everything ( especially in france where public services are top notch and where you really get a lot from your government ) or their own family / friends , there is n't much we can do . 
  eh , big surprise , murderous lunatics are n't really that fun to hang around with . 
   but the ones who return are obviously the ones who did n't entirely believe in the ideology to begin with , so if you treat them like a human being than you can easily remove any effect that the radicalisation had . 
  the ones behind the charlie hebdo attack and on a jewish museum in brussels had all been trained / brainwashed overseas and were sent back in europe with orders to attack these targets , it would be a mistake to assume all people who joined isis and discovered that they were doing exactly as advertised in their propaganda videos were somehow disappointed . 
  would n't be the first company to do that in france , i remember ikea [ spying on its employees ] ( http://mic.com/articles/77085/ikea-was-caught-spying-on-its-employees-here-s-why-it-s-a-big-deal ) and [ disneyland paris ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2013/apr/24/disneyland-paris-spied-job-applicants ) investigating job applicants . 
  and that 's the ones we know of ... after all the spying on competitions , bribes and blackmail going on in the country , nothing is really that surprising . 
  there were other interviews about people whorefugee / migrant status and were given 30 days to leave france . 
  they simply ... did n't . 
   `` the government cooperated with the automobile industry , not to limit emissions , but to apply the measuring system in such a way the cars would conform by the necessary standards '' . 
  so , instead of pressuring car companies into making cars more eco-friendly , they specifically designed test so even polluting cars could pass them easily and be marketed as being way more eco-friendly than they actually were ? 
  it 's not like politicians have a clear set of rules they will follow all their lives , some pressure from the usa here , some financial support to your political campaign there , a bit of lobbying on top and they easily change their minds . 
  her stance on nuclear power plants was a knee-jerk reaction to the fukushima disaster ( as if germany was as prone to natural disaster as japan , as if we could n't do better than tepco if a problem arose ) without much afterthought , her stance on nuclear weapons is probably some sort of compromise with the usa ( you help us deal with refugees or some sort of shady deal and we let you expand your influence over europe ) . 
  not only are other companies probably doing the same but the tests are specifically designed to make cars look better than they actually are once in consumer 's hands . 
  this morning , one consumer association was talking about fuel consumption and they said tests would show one particular model consuming 3.7 l/100km in europe , 4.2 l/100km in the usa ( somehow ... ) and 5l/100km when actually used in `` real '' conditions ( driving in the city , having to stop and go at traffic lights , slowing down in the middle of busy traffic , etc. ), 
  we also [ had a long s which looked like fs ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3d/long-s-us-bill-of-rights.jpg ) and has later been replaced by two s , if we can do it then so can the germans . 
  do n't see french would work without accents though , the \u00e9 is often used to mark the difference between two words which are pretty much written the same but have two widely different meanings ( \u00e0 / a , o\u00f9 / ou , tue/tu \u00e9 ), 
  in france , it 's the [ `` sequence of saint eulalia '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sequence_of_saint_eulalia ) , a song about a spanish martyr who is tortured , burned at stake and then beheaded ( yeah , well , martyrs usually do n't have a happy end ), 
  it would be weird if they did n't cheat in europe . 
  i mean , are n't the tests the same ? 
  even if we accept higher results , would n't it look suspicious if the same car model looked eco-friendly over there but was emitting much more pollution over here ? 
  france is a the crossroads between many countries but you can definitely see how the regions near the borders have been influenced by our neighbours . 
  plus , we share a common history , many kings were related , many regions have been under the influence of one country or another in the past , while most people share common values , it 's hard to say there would be a homogeneous french culture . 
  yeah mandarin might have a lot of people speaking it but 99 % of these people are native chinese so it 's pretty useless outside china . 
  spanish and french have some uses in our respective areas of influence but english is really the only language which is taught all across the world and spoken by anyone who had a good education . 
  there are plenty of websites where you can discuss pretty much any topic ( including europe ) in french , i really do n't see why he bothers writing in french on an american website where all mainstream subreddits are english-only . 
  i mean , what 's the point ? 
  when people post in english + a language i do n't understand , i can only read it in english , when people post something in both english/french , i do n't bother reading it in french since it 's the same message ... why would i read it twice ? 
  of course i mean seppuku , read my other message below  edit : [ this one since i keep getting corrected in pm ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lepl0/vicechancellor_of_germany_european_union_members/cv5tfyp ), 
  it 's not but by the time our politicians realize it , it 'll be too late . 
  no , [ sudoku ] ( http://new4.fjcdn.com/pictures/commits+sudoku+full+credit+goes+to+http+iamargcom+for+making+this_2bd446_5053605.jpg ), 
  but would you have that many refugees coming to germany ( or in europe with the goal to get into germany in mind ) , if not for merkel throwing the dublin procedure out of the windows ? 
  in france we had a referendum about some dumb european treaty , we now know that the only reason this referendum was organized is that every polling agency told the government the ` yes ' would easily win and the government wanted an easy political victory before the upcoming elections . 
  now the actual campaign was a disaster and the ` no ' ended up winning so we did n't sign the ... oh , wait , the same government actually did sign what was pretty much the same treaty a couple of years later and that was the last referendum we ever got . 
  yesterday there was a debate at the parliament about refugees but a debate without vote as our government had already decided to welcome them anyway , sometimes they also force a law through the parliament without vote when they know it wo n't pass ( they can do it once / 10 months or something ) . 
  democracy indeed . 
  no discussion , no referendum , no vote , no negotiation , no actual plan to provide healthcare / accomodation / education to migrants , no fuck given about natives who had every public service reduced for the sake of austerity ( france has 200k + homeless people already for example and we are * very * surprised that there are 77k accomodations unoccupied and ready to be given to migrants ) , no real union as every country protects their own interest ... yeah , a real `` union '' !, 
  yeah , the only reason germany does n't have to put barbed wire anywhere on their borders is that they belong to a schengen area where the responsibility of protecting the borders has been pushed to other countries . 
  and what 's the point of having borders if you order people to open them as soon as the first migrants come knocking on the door ? 
  so third time was indeed the charm . 
  assuming french politicians would dare oppose mama merkel . 
  one of hollande 's main points during his presidential campaign is that he would go to germany as soon as he was elected and renegotiate all treaties because we simply have too much debt and not enough growth to cut it without sending our economy down the drain and he ... went there and came back without doing anything . 
   just like putin wants it . 
  he might have wanted it all along but we certainly did n't need his help to go down the shitter , the mainstream parties have done their best to push people towards the extremes , big countries ( mainly germany ) are pushing other countries away towards more ... complacent allies and the whole thing reeks of incompetence . 
  ah , that was our plan all along , we do n't want to lose face by having the uk refuse to join us or continue criticizing us any longer so we 'll just ruin everything and go down in flames to save our pride . 
  we 're committing sudoku . 
  france even paid them if they agreed to go back to their home country , they took the money and ... came back right away . 
  yeah , i mean , what is he complaining about ? 
  he wants freedom , he got it , until they bring their internal conflict here , western/northern europe is fairly peaceful nowadays , there are n't actual threats on his life , no ongoing war . 
  the `` good life '' he 's looking for is something he 'll have to work for , like the rest of us . 
  it probably also feels nice to have leaders who actually have a plan and do n't act on a whim on issues that will change their country 's landscape for the upcoming decades . 
  a lot of policies in the past decades have done nothing but weaken the power of individual countries and make the population poorer . 
  just look at greece , really , no matter how corrupt some of them are and how hopeless were their politicians , the very idea that to decrease their public debt , you must destroy their public services ( making traveling/life harder and thus making the country less appealing ) , make everyone work longer ( thus increasing the number of people competing for a particular job at any given time and reducing the number of people required for accomplishing weekly workload ) , increase taxes ( thus reducing consumption ) , force the government to sell as much as they can for pretty much peanuts ( making rich people richer and increasing their profits if the economy ever goes back to normal level , profits that wo n't go to the government and thus wo n't be of any help to reduce their debt ) , destroy their healthcare / unemployment system ( lowering morale , life expectancy and/or forcing people to flee abroad ) ... * and * forcing them to accept new loans just so they can pay the interests of previous loans , not even contributing to reducing the debt itself . 
  few years later , the imf comes back and says ... oh well , turns out destroying their economy , which was heavily relying on the government and making everyone poorer was n't a recipe of growth after all and their unemployment did n't decrease when we did everything to increase it . 
  that plus the fact that we accepted greece fully knowing what their situation was after decades of dictatorship and well-known massive corruption levels and integrated them into the eurozone despite the fact that a strong currency did n't benefit them makes you think it was planned all along ( an indebted country has lost its sovereignty , rich people now own what used to belong to the government and got it cheaply ) . 
  but ... they also look really incompetent on all levels so either it 's a conspiracy and they do a really good job of looking like morons ( i almost wish their was a bigger picture and an amazing hidden plan somewhere ) or they 're just * that * incompetent . 
  looking [ at polls ] ( http://www.lexpress.fr/actualite/politique/pourquoi-les-francais-n-ont-pas-confiance-en-la-classe-politique_1313719.html ) is really funny , like our president has a 20 % approval rating , 87 % of people think that politicians do n't care about us , 69 % of people think that our current democratical system does n't work and when asked what they think about politics : the most-said words are `` mistrust '' ( 39 % ) and `` disgust '' ( 31 % ) . 
  that should tell you a lot about how politicians have turned their back on the population a long time ago , they really forgot that they were the ones working for us and not the other way around . 
  we blame our politicians a lot of their incompetence , if these people had been in charge a the golden era of france , our ideas would have never influenced the rest of europe :p, 
  in french , we have a saying that in this kind of situation , your `` ass is stuck between two chairs '' . 
  imo it 's our biggest issue for the past few decades , like being way too harsh on germany post-ww1 yet letting them keep their independence and rebuild an army ... helping rebels overthrow a dictator but leaving the country asap while people fight over the throne ... bomb people enough that they hate us and can recruit people more easily yet not wage an actual war to get rid of them ... not kicking migrants whose asylum request has been denied yet not doing anything to even remotely integrate those who can stay and who want nothing but to be a part of the workforce and contribute positively to society ... creating new regulations but never actually enforcing them , etc. 
  i 'm sure there are others / better examples but we have a gift for being unable to prevent negative effects of a particular situation without putting some effort into exploiting the opportunities it creates !, 
  these articles are what cubism was to the world of painting , you recognize the letters , you recognize the words , you acknwoledge that they certainly make sentences but it 's an incoherent mess of stuff that was vomited on a piece of paper . 
  it 's bold , i like it , there is certainly something original about it , they take reality and twist facts into the most absurd thing a deranged mind could come up with . 
  europe without a political union was meaningless anyway , the sheer stupidity of having a common currency in a lot of widely different countries without having common fiscal , wages policies or having a central government doing the same thing as usa or china to manipulate the market is baffling . 
  there never was any union , at the first sign of trouble , all countries are going their separate way and protecting their own interests , thinking about internal politics and future national political campaings . 
  highly educated natives already have troubles finding a job ( hello entry-level jobs requiring 5 + years of experience for a subpar salary ) , not sure how it really matters . 
  but yes , all refugees are highly educated people who love europe and share our secular culture built upon christian roots despite having lived all their life in a religious muslim country , who are ready to work in the very fields where we are lacking people , who are only going to occupy accomodations that nobody wants to live in despite us having 200,000 homeless people and a 10-years waiting list to get into one of the government-owned accomodations and they have a huge respect for the law ( but they do their best to avoid police , enter your country illegally and refuse to apply for asylum in countries they do n't like ) talk about a series of coincidences , and all of the refugees filmed walking towards europe are families carrying crying children , it 's pure luck that every image of a refugee camp has like 80 % + lone adult males . 
  yeah the title makes it look like hungarian police straight up walked to a group of refugees and started specifically gassing women and children on purpose . 
  tbh , we saw the same thing in france , i was watching a debate on refugees on fr5 and the journalist announced that 2 migrants and 20 police officers had been hurt in a fight around the border and then proceeded to show us two images : a child crying and a woman on the ground crying hysterically . 
  i only saw actual images of the fight on another channel a couple of hours later . 
  i have no idea what exactly happened there and whether or not the police mishandled the situation but our media are n't trustworthy at all . 
  and since we ca n't trust them on other issues ( why are all refugees educated syrians with degrees in the exact fields where we need more people ? 
  why are all people walking families ? 
  why are there only women and children crying whenever a border is closed ? 
  why pictures of camps show a vast majority of them being male adults from afar but they cherry pick families when talking about the need to welcome them ? ), 
  then ... can we trust them when they say it wo n't have any impact on our economy , wo n't cost much , wo n't cause any security issue , etc ? 
  guess not . 
  does n't mean you want * more * isis fighters in your country though , we are already unable to deal with the ones we already know about ... 
  yes , but the `` we '' refer to the common folks . 
  `` we '' already have our fair share of problems ( 200,000 homeless already in france , problems with a minority of people from previous waves of migrants who never really got integrated , 13 % of the population living under poverty line , salary not keeping up with inflation in the public sector , a 10-years waiting list for cheap government-owned accomodations , taxes increasing like crazy especially on a local level , less public services than ever before , high unemployment and even talks to reduce workers rights because we 're apparently not producing enough ) ... in the end , whether those migrants are given benefits that we 've been refused or they do n't get integrated and are forced to live in ghetto , it wo n't improve our situation . 
  france as in the french government does whatever it wants anyway , they 've turned their backs on us a long time ago , president is at 15-20 % approval rating , there is no referendum ( the last one was organized because they were 99.99 % sure the ` yes ' would win but we voted ` no ' and they signed that treaty anyway ) , no democratic discussion , we can vote for one or the other mainstream party ( or the racist one ) but they 're pretty much the same , power-hungry people who turn public money we pay into private money for themselves and their friends ... 
  i do n't see these people feeling responsible for this , unless they think it 'll make them more popular . 
  hehe yes , satire is a long-standing tradition in france ( the first official newspapers using satire appeared at the french revolution ) and charlie hebdo makes fun of everyone regardless of their skin color or political affiliation , they make light of heavy stuff , they make offensive stuff , they show people what they conveniently ignore at times . 
  the thing is , you do n't have to like it , it 's dark humour , really dark , sometimes gross , the newspaper was on the brink of bankruptcy before the attack on their office so it 's proof not everyone enjoys it ( i certainly do n't , they have funny drawings every now and then but it 's often mediocre ) . 
  you can always choose not to buy it but people attacking it really do n't understand the point of satire , i 'd be honestly very surprised if armchair activists actually succeeded in forbidding something that even kings were n't able to stop back in the days ( printing unofficial newspapers criticizing the king or mocking the court or attacking personalities was enough to send you in prison before the revolution but it never stopped those publications ) . 
   what i find more shocking is that a minor party thinks it is appropriate to request this office from a much larger coalition partner . 
  you 'd be surprised , in france the greens only got 2 % of the votes in the last presidential elections and yet , they still managed to force hollande to change his program and take a few key-members as ministers just so he could get their official support . 
  minor parties have power-hungry leaders too . 
   not only that , but it seems like the german people did not want these refugees ? 
  with of course a few exceptions to the far left liberals over there . 
  public opinion can be easily manipulated , according to polls , french people were split 55-45 against accepting new migrants and a dead toddler later ( one death amongst thousands over the past couple of decades ) , it swung the other way 45-55 so who knows . 
  that being said , regardless of your stance on the issue , the incompetence of our government is really worrying . 
  we knew people were fleeing syria in droves , we knew the situation was unlikely to be resolved anytime soon ( especially since we do n't do anything about it ) , we knew they would turn their eyes towards europe one day as previous migrants have done for the last 30 + years and we knew that the countries that joined the schengen area recently do n't have the means to stop migrants from getting in europe . 
  there was no plan , they did n't anticipate anything , there was no discussion at a national level , leaders kept promising stuff to migrants without giving a second thought to whether or not they could deal with such a massive amount of migrants or if their population was backing them up ... even if you think migrants are somehow a good thing , you have to explain it clearly , you got ta have a plan , you have to adress those issues ( how much will it cost ?
