  where will they stay ? 
  who will pay for it ? 
  is there a risk for our security ? 
  ) , where was the discussion ? 
  who voted on these issues ? 
  did europe ever agree on accepting migrants ? 
  seems like merkel personally decided to throw the dublin treaty out of the window , made a series of naive mistakes encouraging people to join germany and is now trying to force her decision on both her people and the rest of europe and nobody cares what the people say ... 
  with the sea level rising , we will soon all have our own islands !, 
   i know that sounds harsh , but no one gives a fuck what the refugees want . 
  the refugees / asylum seekers have no right to chose the country , that 's also what our ( german ) minister of inner affairs thomas de maizi\u00e8re said just two days ago . 
  * we * do n't give a fuck and as refugees , they should be happy just being in a safe place , no matter how much they earn , but they do n't and they naturally look for the country that will provide them with the best housing / benefits or where they already have people who can help them settle in their new lives . 
  rules and laws do n't matter if we can not enforce them and germany is short-sighted is they think they can just force countries to take those migrants in and hope they stay in for the next few decades without trying to escape ( the middle east being the middle east , war will never end there ) ... it 's like ... germany is right on paper but reality is never as simple as that . 
  it became a race to the bottom long before that , when our politicians start looking at zero-hour contracts in the uk with jealousy and start cheering on germany for hiring foreign workers ( who are paid minimum wage in germany but who are considered from their home country tax-wise ) or forcing unemployed people to work for $ 1/h , you know europe is n't going to pull anyone out of poverty . 
  he probably meant `` anyone '' as in `` anyone in position of power whose decisions will have tremendous effects on their countries / continent for the upcoming decades '' . 
  and ... now it actually does n't seem like any of them really cares . 
  welp that does n't sound good . 
  well , at least it looks somewhat threatening so it might actually be a isis flag ( if we 're not being mislead ) . 
  last time cnn saw a `` isis flag '' , it was [ actually a dildos flag ] ( http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2015/06/27/cnn-confuses-butt-plug-and-dildo-banner-for-isis-flag-at-pride/ ), 
  not really , it 's all about numbers . 
  let 's say sweden is a rich country where everything is going well , they have more money than they actually need and are able to provide housing to thousands of migrants . 
  if these migrants are 1-3 % of their population , can find a job and are properly integrated into society , maybe most of them actually become swedish overtime and embrace the values of their new country , those migrants have found a new place and should be grateful and i 'm sure most of them are , especially if you deport those who cause trouble . 
  few decades later , let 's say 2 millions migrants want to join them , that 's a +20 % increase of their population and they are unable to afford housing , most of their cities are functionning at full capacity and there are n't as many jobs available . 
  instead of being slowly assimiliated into swedish society , these new migrants are jobless poor people who have been pushed outside the cities in ghettos . 
  then they 'll live together in their own community and probably wo n't thank sweden for being in a situation way shittier than they thought it 'd be ( benefits are nice but is n't it boring at some point not doing anything and being an outsider ? 
  ) , tensions arise , a gap is created between communities ( both local and migrants and between different migrants minorities ) , they 're now poor and uneducated and a couple of generations later , they 'll shit all over sweden . 
  same issue , same solution and yet different results . 
  obviously numbers are exagerated but what worked before sometimes can not work now . 
  there were already ~ 200,000 homeless people in france before this new wave of migrants , both migrants from the past decade and native french . 
  there is also something ridiculous like 13 % of people living under the poverty line who probably wo n't be able to afford proper heating or repair their walls / windows / roofs so the heat does n't escape . 
  i 'd be honestly very surprised if the government could suddenly afford to give to these new migrants what they have refused to previous migrants / natives for the last few decades . 
   let loose a cold fart how did that even become related to dying ? 
  do the dead usually fart ? 
  do i even want to know the answer about that ? 
  cheers , that 's interesting stuff . 
  it 's funny how some sayings have been passed from generations to generations and are still used today despite no one really understanding what they meant in the first place , 
  not really , they 're only talking about closing down the oldest active nuclear plant because people close to it fear about their safety ( which ... is weird considering how often things inside the centrals are changed and improved but it 's not like it would be the first one to be closed down ) and increase the percentage of renewable energy in our energy production . 
  it 's hard to sell the epr because they 've been a waste of money up to that point , greedy people lied about the actual costs of these things and the time it 'd take to build it , they also failed at many aspects of the construction so it has costed more than anticipated and is n't even closed to being finished ... basically a joke but it does n't mean the older nuclear plants are n't good . 
  i love the french expressions for death itself like `` he 's eating dandelions from the root '' , `` it smells like fir '' ( referring to the wood the coffin is made from , can also be used for any situation you expect to end badly ) or `` he left feet first '' ( like , he left the church in the coffin ) and even the mysterious `` he put his weapon on his left side '' ( `` passer l'arme \u00e0 gauche '' for any native visiting this topic ) which probably made sense at some point ( left-hand was the bad one so it might have been associated with death or maybe holding your weapon with your left-hand made you more vulnerable ? ) . 
  otherwise , it 's pretty much the same as in your newspapers , people are always good saints everybody loved when they passed away , seems like everyone waits for your death to properly tell their true feelings , either that or if you 're an asshole ( like a terrorist ) , it 's `` unexpected '' or you had a `` troubled past '' or were `` well-known by the police forces '' . 
  i do n't think you can , but you can probably kick those who do n't integrate out , which is a good incentive to at least make some effort to be part of your new country . 
  if all countries acted together against germany , germany would be powerless but there is no coordination and only a handful of countries want to stand up against germany . 
  not sure how they have this much power , they 're the best economy in europe but they achieved it by turning europe into a tool that perfectly suited their needs and not those of other countries , maybe they own so much debt of other countries that they can order them around ? 
  who knows , not like i 'd expect any french politician to do something about ... anything , really . 
  yeah , even if i 'm afraid about europe 's future , i can at least agree something needs to be done about these refugees , we must be cautious but while we should n't underestimate potential threats / migrants who do welfare shopping , some of them are actual refugees and their situation is terrible . 
  but the way merkel is doing things , pointing finger , bossing other countries around like she 's in charge , doing too much , too fast , is never going to end well , especially when the people of these countries are against it or split about the situation ( 55-45 in france for example , we accept refugees but do n't want requirements for getting granted asylum to be lowered ) and especially in a schengen area where people who are granted asylum in germany can just go wherever they want afterwards . 
  it 's really the story of the frog being boiled alive all over again , put the frog in hot water and it will immediately jump out , put it in cold water and slowly increase the temperature , it wo n't realize what 's happening until it 's too late . 
  part of me thinks that the solution to improve europe is more europe , more treaties , an actual european government , common fiscal / wages / social policies , a better control over what each country does , especially with the money we send over , etc. 
  but since we 're not able to pull it off , i really do n't see how it could work , thus the only solution governments will accept is either less europe now and to continue half-assing stuff until their people asks them for less europe . 
  yeah , it 's almost like the ukraine civil war is n't an europe-wide issue . 
  yeah and schengen got rid of all borders within its area while not reinforcing the outer borders at all , which is the reason we 're submerged by the number of refugees . 
  and while we have a common currency in the eurozone , the european central bank does n't do its job and countries have no common fiscal / wages / social policies and so much difference in standard of living / purchasing power that the same currency is having different effects in each country ( do you export / import a lot ? 
  how strong is the eu versus your main business partners ? 
  can you pay your employees 3 times less than other european countries with the same currency ? ), 
  the brits are playing a strange game , we 've never been really sure whether or not they were on our side , on the us side or playing their own game . 
  i wish they took their responsiblity and played a bigger part in the eu ( like france or germany ) but i ca n't blame them for wanting to leave , the whole `` union '' part is a joke , it 's a bunch of countries competing with each other in the race to the bottom , with european leaders ignoring their own people and merkel bossing people around like she 's in charge . 
  unless you 're in need of financial help / support , the eu is really not that appealing . 
  couple of weeks ago on tv , there was a journalist proudly saying that it did n't matter how many isis members came to europe since there are already plenty of isis sympathizers within our borders , including people who already have european citizenship . 
  as if that was a good thing x ), 
  it 's not worse than the time our own medias relayed the message from isis that all muslims , if they could n't join them in syria , should kill french citizens with whichever weapons / tools they can find , no matter the price . 
  like , are you really relaying orders from the ennemy army ? 
  as if relaying their recruitment videos was n't enough ... 
  and once they 're settled in , their kids are born and go to school and say they 've lived all their life in your country , only know your culture and only speak your language , are you going to kick them back to their country ? 
  we ca n't deal with a few migrants , we ca n't even kick those who have been in calais for the last 15 years , we wo n't kick the hundreds of thousands who just arrived when their country is at peace ... * if * their country is ever at peace . 
   presumably meaning that he 's on the right of his left-wing party , rather than a warmonger yeah , i suppose he is . 
  but his friend emmanuel macron , our minister of economy / industry is the one who is nicknamed the `` best right-winger the left has ever had '' , both are pretty liberal though , probably center...right-ish ? 
  `` les r\u00e9publicains '' will have a campaign on their own to decide who 'll be their candidate , currently , the candidates are : nicolas sarkozy ( mr. 
  i promise you the world and never deliver , also is closely monitored by half the judges in france ) , fran\u00e7ois fillon ( mr. 
  i was invisible as a prime minister but am now way overconfident about myself ) , alain jupp\u00e9 ( mr. 
  i had to flee france after a scandal in paris and i 'm way too old for that shit but i did well with the bordeaux city ) , bruno le maire ( the young one sarkozy hates because he 's actually doing pretty good and not the pushover we wish he was ) , xavier bertrand ( the one who looks like someone else but you can never remember who it is ) , christian estrosi ( `` oh no , tell me he did n't just say that '' ) , nadine morano ( `` oh no , tell me she did n't just say that '' ) , and herv\u00e9 mariton ( `` i will abolish gay marriage as soon as i come in power '' ), 
  source in french , i 'm not sure google translate would be helpful but i you look [ here ] ( http://www.lepoint.fr/politique/la-popularite-de-hollande-et-valls-en-legere-baisse-03-09-2015-1961514_20.php ) the president ( hollande ) has a 19 % approval rating and the prime minister has a 28 % approval rating ... 
  i say approval but it 's more like the % of people who have a positive view of their actions in power , not sure if the meaning is the same in english . 
  the highest ones are currently alain jupp\u00e9 and marine le pen at 24 % but one looks older than france itself and the other has never been able to convert her popularity into votes , she gets a lot of votes in the elections nobody cares about ( especially the european elections , nobody knows what 's up in brussels , we only get news when brussels comes with a new stupid idea but never hear about the positive aspects of it , the campaigns are national parties bashing each other , the juncker vs schultze debate was in some random-ass tv channel ) . 
  honestly , i 'd say he 's all-talk-and-no-action like sarkozy , he does n't care about public opinion and uses public funds to finance his private trips ( including one with his children to see a match where his favorite soccer team was playing because platini invited him over as a friend ) so he 's been pretty disappointing ... he could be the best candidate for the left though , not that the bar is very high . 
  you 're kidding but i 'm not so sure it would n't happen . 
  ask any french people and they 'll tell you they want democracy and how they hate dictators like any other sane people , but with the right circumstances , with how disappointed we are with our current politicians ( selfish incompetent people who care way too much about money and bashing each other on tv ) , it could happen , i 'm sure it could . 
  nobody knows , nobody 's happy about it . 
  it was meant to save us some money ( less regions , less people managing those territories ) but big cities do n't want to lose those jobs and the jobs which rely upon it ( 1000 + people working in a city means a lot more families working and buying stuff around it ) so the state will probably provide them with other ( duplicate ) jobs elsewhere . 
  obviously , they could n't push this reform without the approval of the r\u00e9gions leaders so those who got the short end of the stick will have a useless job as vice-president of the new r\u00e9gions just for the sake of allowing them to keep earning their easy salary not doing much . 
  and it 'll require so much investment to build / expand new buildings that it will probably actually * cost * us money . 
  so ... a great . . decision ? 
  as usual ? 
  change for the sake of changing stuff and be able to say you 've left your mark on the country landscape , who knows . 
  yeah , well , the french revolution is n't really all democracy and roses , i 'm sure there are at least some people who view it as a negative event ( 40,000 + people got executed , an oligarchy took over , all europe declared war on us , the country went to shit until someone came and crowned himself emperor then followed even more wars ) ... it started it all but we had ... rough beginnings  also french people want a strong and charismatic leader , this is why our old kings , napoleon and de gaulle are still popular , the whole republic thing is n't really a democracy and it 's not really working for us well these days ... who else can be a more legitimate leader than the descendant of a king with no actual political experience and who never got 1 % of the votes !, 
  next elections in france are the region ones but since we 're redrawing france maps to make new regions , nobody really knows what 's going on or what their mission will be , hard to vote for a candidate without a program , i probably wo n't vote . 
  the presidential elections will be the scariest ones : both mainstream parties have proven times and times again that they were incompetent and the candidates who look like they might run for the 2017 elections are either people we want out , people we did n't want to let in , people who could n't get reelected because they failed at their job or who worked under them ... all of them are of course morons who have polluted tv and newspapers with their nonsense for the last decades so none of that sounds appealing . 
  center-left is nonexistent , center-right has been reduced to pretty much nothing , the far-left is a bunch of dreamers who either only care about getting a job ( and shitting on their voterbase ) or have really utopian ideas ... the far-right is ... on the whole economy/social aspect of things they 're pretty much left but the whole family feud and omnipresent racism towards our own citizens ( not even migrants who might or might not be a threat but french citizens born in france who actually care about their country ) is a huuuuuge turn-off . 
  idk ... who else could i vote for ? 
  hunting , fishing and traditions ( yes that 's a real party ) ... maybe the royalists ? 
  i do n't think they 're `` sending '' refugees , more like facilitating the work of smugglers by controlling the ports in libya and making money from it ... and obviously forcing people to flee by killing and/or raping everyone they come accross and stealing/destroying as much stuff as possible . 
  but regardless of whether or not this is intentional or if isis is just taking credit for it , it was expected , even obvious , and the fact that we were n't even prepared for it and have n't done shit to reinforce our borders since schengen was signed is proof of our leaders incompetence . 
  i agree , there are so many separate events going on everyday ( different countries , different problems , different press releases from different countries ) , a megathread would just be one giant mess . 
  source ( in french ) : http://video.lefigaro.fr/figaro/video/zone-interdite-un-clandestin-croit-que-paris-est-aspergee-de-parfum/2864957688001/ not sure if they were joking or actually convinced this what true but the man does say that this is something he heard about paris , maybe a smuggler ? 
  hahaha , you 're right , also remember that these highways booths were supposed to be temporary , they were supposed to be destroyed once the government got a return on its initial investment but they proved to be far too profitable for that . 
  and in the end , they sold some of the most profitable highways to private companies for way less money that they ended up making , they just could n't help helping their rich greedy friends , right ? 
  still , it 's proof that you can cause $ 500,000 in damages , block thousands of innocent people who have nothing to do with you and who might also be losing money because of you ( and precious time ) and yet nothing will be done against you . 
  there was a documentary of french tv about afghans trying to get into europe ( and god was that road dangerous , some smugglers abandonned their clients in the middle of the moutains / deserts , the tv crew came across some bodies in the middle of nowhere ) and one of the afghans thought our capital , paris , was a warm city where helicopters were hovering above it and spraying high-quality perfume all over the place . 
  man was he surprised when he ended up homeless ( his friend in paris who promised him a place in his flat stopped answering his calls ) , under a bridge , on a cold night of winter where it probably smelled like piss . 
  in france we had gypsies actually blocking a highway and asking for one of their friends who was in prison to be allowed the right to assist his grandfather 's funeral . 
  he was actually allowed to because he followed the proper procedures and did n't cause any problem in prison but the state did n't do shit about his clan , they cost the company managing the highway a $ 500,000 loss as people took other ( free but slower ) roads to their destination and in repairs . 
  not really , france has its fair share of white serial killers / rapists and even though those who got caught got really harsh sentences ( and rightfully so ) , there was a large portion of the population that wanted to bring back the death penalty for them .
