  in the slightest !, 
  you 've acted like an irresponsible child and then when you get pulled up on it by the rest of the eu you 've got petulant and sulked . 
   greeks see themselves as the most hardworking europeans  greeks see themselves as the most trustworthy of europeans this proves what ? 
  just because i convince myself that i 'm the most handsome man that ever lived does n't make it even remotely accurate . 
  sorry i thought we were talking about present day , not stuff that happened 70 + years ago . 
  your military was significant 3000 years ago . 
  nowadays , i think we can survive without the military contributions of an underfunded , corrupt , conscription-based military from a nation of 11m people . 
  if we need any help with hoplites and triremes we 'll give you yell though . 
  greece and russia have massive divisions of wealth , and definite overtones of quasi-fascism around the fringes of your impoverished populace , it 's not really surprising that you are friendly with them . 
  the rest of europe is `` belittling '' you because you 've fucked up , refused to address that fuck up , and now seem to be suddenly saying that you do n't want to be anything to do with europe and have been bffs with russia all along . 
  actually , i 've got nothing against the greeks at all . 
  this aimed at your stance ( and anyone who shares your opinion ) that russia could attack other parts of europe and you would n't care . 
  seems incredibly selfish , and reinforces the view that you were happy to take the benefits being given out , but utterly unprepared to take on any of the responsibilities that came along with it . 
  hmm i wonder why this might be ? 
  i mean you 've only pissed off all of europe with the mismanagement of your economy which has had drastic effects of the rest of the eu . 
  you owe russia nothing ( comparable to the eu anyway ) and they 're happy to sidle up to anyone in europe who 's dissatisfied just to sow dissent if nothing else . 
  it 's pretty depressing than you 've managed to internally spin this so that you can pretend europe is some how the bad-guys , and that the aggressive , homophobic , dictatorship that is russia looks like an attractive proposition . 
  feel free to duck out of the eu and get annexed by russia , looks like a lot of fun for the ukrainians . 
  we 'll have to manage to struggle on without your , no doubt , world-class military . 
  just feels squalid and dirty , it 's also the furthest from me which probably does n't help . 
  really ? 
  probably my favourite ( or least hated maybe ) . 
  i would much rather go to heathrow over gatwick . 
  to be honest i 'd much rather saw off my head than go to gatwick again . 
  by a very long margin my least favourite uk airport ( out of the ones i 've been to ) . 
  i 'm more of a ( melodic ) death metal fan in general . 
  i 'll give them a listen though , 
  i can only name one , but rotting christ are fucking awesome \\ m /, 
  rode over it on a motorbike in 2006 , 
  i 'd assume it would be on repealing the european communities act 1972, 
  after the av referendum i 'm not convinced . 
  seriously i think if we put it to a referendum we 'd have the death penalty and deportation back in a second . 
  churchill 's `` the best argument against democracy is a five minute conversation with the average voter '' quote often seems depressingly accurate . 
  certain elements of the press have done a very successful job at painting the eu like some kind of farcical bureaucratic money-sponge , to the extent that the official eu site actually has to have a section debunking all the crap : http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/ and yet very few people have an idea of how the eu ( and the echr ) protects our consumer/worker/human rights , often significantly more than ( or even from ! ), 
  our own government . 
  i consider myself to be moderately politically astute and yet i knew very little about it until i studied eu law this year . 
  i salute your optimism but i suspect there 's a very large proportion of the uk population who think the eu is little more than the frenchies and krauts telling us what to do , and the piigs stealing all our money . 
   the best kind of correct i was thinking that as i typed it , 
  it offers a smaller , more brief print version . 
  so whilst you are technically correct , `` tabloid '' has become associated more with a specific type of journalism rather than the size of the paper . 
  furthermore , i do n't see anywhere there that the indy was `` making fun of his sex life '' . 
  it 's just highlighting that an area with a reputation for being conservative had elected an openly gay man ... a noteworthy occurrence . 
  it has to be great , but gloating because you won the natural resources lottery is n't going to make you any friends , norway . 
  no worries - it 's a really common misconception . 
  i still hear people talking about if they get a pay rise they 'll move into a higher tax bracket and be worse off ... edit : just realised it 's an englishman , a welshman and a scotsman all having a civilised conversation . 
  i think we need to `` walk into a pub '' . 
  i do n't mean this aimed at you in particular but there seems loads of misunderstanding about inheritance tax . 
  in my opinion it 's about the fairest one out there . 
  not only is the threshold # 325,000 , if the people in question are married or in a civil partnership ( i 'd like just partners to be recognised as well but baby steps ) then the threshold is doubled . 
  and it 's only the value of your estate * above * this threshold which is taxed . 
  so , the vast majority of people are not going to see their parents ' estate being taxed . 
  but it does help prevent enormous amounts of wealth being passed on for generation after generation . 
  i do n't think it should be punitive but i see no reason the grandchild of a billionaire , who would generally have a much better start in life through better education and connections etc , should be handed the whole estate untouched . 
  wealth is still taxed considerably less harshly than income , and it 's a lot easier to make money when you have some to play with already . 
  it 's only the estate over the threshold that is taxed . 
  you do n't end up in a situation where a # 324,000 estate is n't taxed and a # 325,000 one loses # 100 + k. 
  no worries - sorry you got downvoted so heavily  btw - i just wrote down all the states i could think of and all the european countries , and rather too conveniently got 37 for both . 
  for the us i get stuck with a lot of the flyover and rust belt states , with europe i managed to forget some embarrassing ones like iceland , but i 'm not convinced anyone considers azerbaijan to be part of europe honestly !, 
  well , i do n't think anyone was really suggesting americans en masse are stupid because a news company fucked up ... but you would expect people ( in this case cnn ) to do 30s of research before making an infographic . 
  fwiw i had no idea what the capitol of cyprus is , and i live in europe . 
  but if the bbc did the same thing i 'd expect to see them getting light-heartedly mocked for it too  i would suggest that europeans in general have a far better understanding of your geography than you have of ours . 
  in fact as a brit i 'd go so far as to say that my understanding of your country 's geopolitical make-up is actually better than my knowledge of europe . 
  i suspect that i can name more us states than i can european countries . 
  that 's not hugely surprising because a ) you have been the dominant power for well over half a century , and b ) we consume a lot of your media , particularly in britain . 
  now , my counter-point to yours : china is the world 's 2nd largest economy , is the same size as you geographically , and has 4 times as many people . 
  i very much doubt you could name many/any of their provinces ( they have under half the number of states that you have ) , let alone their main cities . 
  neither could i , and perhaps i should be able to . 
  returning to my original point though : state capitols have almost no relevance outside of the us . 
  iowa does n't send us a fucking ambassador :p birmingham is our 2nd largest city , but i rightly would n't expect you guys to give a fuck about it ( and rightly so ; it 's pretty much a shithole ) . 
  a few of your cities , like la and new york have enough significance to be meaningful to us , but after googling the answer to your rhetorical question - i have barely heard of albany , and you are quite right , i had no idea it was the capitol of new york state . 
  how many of your countrymen ( honestly ) do you think could answer that ? 
  i 'd be surprised if it was that high a proportion outside of the north east !, 
  i am now going to see whether i can name more us states or european countries ... watch this space . 
  state capitols have almost no relevance outside of the country . 
  there was no way i was going to mistake that for greece . 
  was n't on fire for a start . 
  there is n't much you can do tbh , people are naturally fearful of the unknown . 
  i come from a city in a fairly rural area of the uk , you do n't have to go far out of town to see a lot of signs for the conservative or uk independence parties . 
  so many people i speak to get indignant about `` muslims '' despite the fact they 've probably never seen one around this area of the country . 
  a mate of mine lives in a village where an indian guy recently took over the local shop , he said the amount of villagers that wo n't use it now is ridiculous . 
  despite the fact i 'm a fairly progressive , left-leaning type of guy , the fact that the city i live in is small and very white still makes me comparatively naive . 
  that 's the same all over the world . 
  rural areas tend to far more conservative/wary than cosmopolitan city folk . 
  i 'm reporting him for racial abuse tbh . 
  it 's no better or worse than me hurling ethnic slurs at him . 
  i called you a `` rabid '' china apologist . 
  please study your reading skills more carefully . 
  stop flinging racial insults at me . 
  was n't ad hominem at all , it was a factually correct statement . 
  and from that little racial epithet you 've thrown at me i can assume you are actually chinese , so i am curious why you 're in r/europe . 
  or are you just searching for anything in the least bit derogatory about china so you can just come and stick your oar in ? 
  fwiw i do n't really care much either way about you or your country . 
  interesting , cheers . 
  i did wonder about that actually , i did know that another country ( that shall not be named ) had a similar kind of thing going on . 
  hmm , well all your recent posts paint you as some kind of rabid china apologist . 
  i posted my sweeping and obviously incorrect comment as a juxtaposition to the sweeping and obviously incorrect comment in the headline . 
  sorry if that went over your head . 
  ... is your sarcasm detector not working ? 
  well , china 's clearly addicted to running over two-year old girls and not giving a shit . 
  sounds like bulgarian spam .
