well , appears i am guilty of all those things :(, 
  i 'm supposed to be doing coursework and here i am looking at pictures of fucking taxis . 
  procrastination at its finest . 
  i still do some online gaming with old friends friends from mmos . 
  my belgian friend said `` he 's over there behind the palisade '' which i was fairly impressed with . 
  in fact it 's rather depressing when i run into teenage europeans with better written english than some of our countrymen ... 
  there are some tough looking motherfuckers in some of those pics . 
   the us has unhealthier people than all of the countries you selected , in large part because the us has tons of sedentary people who eat garbage for every meal . 
  if start with an unhealthier population , they will probably die sooner , on average . 
  on one hand you have a health service that actively wants a healthier populace , and the other a for-profit one where unhealthy people are actually more lucrative . 
  maybe at least a contributing factor to the `` healthiness '' disparity is that the state more actively educates about , and encourages better lifestyle choices . 
   if it was n't for the us 's best-in-world healthcare system by what metric are you deciding that the us system is best in the world ? 
  proud northern folk of northmarket , angleland , reporting in !, 
  anyone been to vladivostok ? 
  it 's a place i 've always fancied going , not entirely sure why . 
  i guess it 's about as far east as you can go , practically overlooks japan . 
  the people there seem mainly caucasian but every where bordering it has to be east asian . 
  just strikes me that it must be a really interesting city . 
   paul walker had died i 'm amazed at the amount of stuff on facebook about him . 
  i did n't recognise the name , and as far as i can see he was mainly famous for being in a really shit series of films . 
  i did n't understand the outpouring of shock about it . 
  did i miss something ? 
  i need to make myself some goulash one of these days . 
  also i eat a lot of quark - tons of protein , low calories , so those dumplings look like they 'd be worth a try !, 
  some good options already covered for blighty , but i 'd bring along some mini cornish pasties as snacks , a nice slow cooked beef & ale stew with dumplings , and maybe bread & butter pudding to round it off . 
  i am glad autumn has come and i have an excuse to cook some hearty dinners again , 
  `` many a true word is spoken in jest '' - english expression , 
  i 'd be very interested to see his crime statistics that indicate that sexual offences have increased , per capita , over the last 15-20 years . 
  they may have , although most other crimes are decreasing . 
  it would certainly help his cause if he could adduce it . 
  because otherwise it just seems like an easy way to set a precedent that the government can tell the isps to censor the internet . 
  i 'd been at the beer , sorry :p, 
  back in your box paddy !, 
  preach it brother, 
  oh god that would feel like the exam i sat  honestly i do n't think i 'd be all that enlightening - i 'm studying a law degree part time through the ou and this was just ( half of ) one of the second year modules , so it 's all undergraduate stuff . 
  i covered things like the various `` fundamental rights '' and how eu supremacy was developed and implemented . 
  then a few specific areas such as free movement of goods , equal pay and conditions for men and women , personal and business mobility , and competition law . 
  also did a fair bit on the european convention of human rights in the first year , although that 's a completely separate court . 
  like most stuff studied for an exam at least half of it evaporated from my head the moment i stepped out of the room  it is fairly interesting overall . 
  you do start to realise how badly ( in the uk at least ) reporting about the eu is . 
  there 's a lot of legislation that 's originated in europe that we now take for granted , and gives us little people a decent amount of protection etc. 
  all we get is misreporting and moaning about being dictated to . 
  aye fair enough . 
  i spent half of last year studying eu law and it 's only strengthened my appreciation of it . 
  i am very worried that we 're going to vote ourselves into being an increasingly irrelevant , isolationist country with accelerated erosion of human/civil/worker 's rights . 
  it will serve us right if in 20 years time we find ourselves sat outside our increasingly prosperous and harmonious neighbours , wielding no clout on the international stage , and with comparatively poor standards of living . 
  i am really fed up and embarrassed of my country . 
  so , pretty german then ? 
  probably helps that the guy making the joke is german ( at least according to the flair ), 
  i feel on edge the few times i see armed british cops . 
  must be a contentious opinion . 
  i think those people who thinks this mainly affects `` small family businesses '' are being incredibly naive though . 
  tax ! = punishment all wealth moving to one end of society with very little chance of it ever coming back out is not beneficial . 
  maybe not , but like i say it 's the only system in place . 
  if we abolished it i think you 'd agree that the net effect would be to increase the amount of wealth being passed on generationally . 
  most tax systems only tax the amount over the threshold - e.g. 
  if you inherited 2.2 m you 'd still receive 2.16 m. 
  imo 20 % rate with a 2m threshold is extremely generous . 
  we have 40 % with a # 325,000 limit . 
  i think when you 're inheriting 2 million francs ( # 1.37 m ) you 're the fat cat . 
  20 % is n't really a lot anyway - and most tax systems only tax the amount over the threshold - e.g. 
  if you inherited 2.2 m you 'd still receive 2.16 m. 
  in the uk we tax 40 % on personal estates over # 325,000 . 
  i 'm personally very resistant to that being increased , despite the fact that i may well receive an inheritance above that threshold . 
  i 'd rather go for what i believe benefits society the most rather than what benefits me a little . 
  inheritance tax is a great way to prevent people being filthy rich for no-other reason than their grandparents were filthy rich . 
  it 's pretty much the only way that wealth ( rather than income ) actually gets taxed . 
  there are also usually plenty of ways to mitigate it ; trusts , gifts etc. 
  it may prevent your family paying a small amount more on the death of your parents , but the wider view is that people much , much richer than you get to hand off much more of their wealth to people that have n't earned it ( and probably had a much better start in life anyway ) . 
  a vote against inheritance tax is effectively a vote supporting the 1 % . 
  it benefits those few at the top of the wealth pile much much more than it benefits those at the bottom . 
   according to the sources i saw , if someone wants to give the company to their son or daughter they would have to make 30 % - 40 % more profits during 10 years just to be able to pay for the 20 % tax . 
  not sure about your laws but this should only apply if the business is given to you via the will . 
  if it 's gifted to you prior to death ( 7 years prior in the uk ) you 'd have no liability . 
  if it 's family run , you could/should be made a joint owner earlier to reduce the liability . 
  if the business is owned by 4 family members and one dies , only 1/4 of the value would be liable for inheritance tax at that time . 
  it seems to me that the worst case scenario is that only one family member `` owns '' the business , they die , and you 're liable for the 20 % tax . 
  but in that instance you 're still gaining 80 % of the value of something that you 've either not contributed to , or have contributed to as an employee but for whatever reason the family member refused to make you a co-owner . 
  either you 're getting a great deal or have a vengeful ex-family member !, 
  still , worth it for sticking it to the fat cats / s, 
  blah blah blah - if we want to play the `` which country did the most bad shit through history '' game we 'll be here a long time . 
  fair enough about yugoslavia . 
  perhaps you 'd have fared better than you have to date under communism , hard to tell . 
  bottom-line is this argument started about your view that you 'd be better off with russia . 
  when i argued against that you decided the best tactic is to argue about events that my country was loosely involved in from 70 years ago . 
  regardless of those , your country voluntarily , even eagerly , joined the eu 40 years ago . 
  recently (  10 years ) due to your country 's multitude of issues and the condemnation they 've earned you , your view of the eu has soured . 
  it 's kind of understandable but it 's not justifiable . 
  now a large country off to your east that is anti-eu , and you do n't owe billions to , seems to be an attractive proposition . 
  you potentially have another teat to suckle at , and have to accept no responsibility as a nation for the issues you 've caused . 
  you 're making out that europe has done you some great wrong , and refusing any acknowledgement of the part you 've played in this . 
  you 're wilfully blind and playing the victim . 
  anyway , best of luck for the future . 
  quantity loses to quality as illustrated many times over . 
  the greek civil war looks like it would have occurred with or without our intervention , and seems like it prevented you ending up as a communist country . 
  looking around the world there do n't seem to be too many countries that fared particularly well as communist countries during that period , but by all means blame us if that makes you feel better about yourself . 
  possibly rather than spunking all this money on tanks you could have actually channelled it into something useful ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm responding directly to the points you 're making !, 
  this is n't a surprise .
