  checking fan . 
  mmm , it 's a bit smelly, 
  where does this put type 2 diabetics ? 
  how about anyone who 's gotten cancer from smoking ? 
  there are many lifestyle diseases and though the causes may stem from behavior , the results are disabling . 
  have you seen melinda gates ? 
  russians and useful idiots, 
  every time something like this comes out i wonder how much they believe their own talking points . 
  are you finnish ? 
  this just reminded me of [ funk overload ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13sxfhm6mjg&amp;feature=kp ), 
  that 's the usual defense in india . 
  2 minutes to make a single point . 
  us ca n't do it because it has more people . 
  amazing . 
  is n't he some rapper, 
  damn it , i should n't be watching this at work, 
  [ eastern european man school ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uzu58n-sso ), 
  here 's one about the [ danish language ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
   its differentiating features amplified to the max ( because america ) it 's say this is more of a feature of large expat communities , not necessarily that they are in the us . 
  they tend to idealize the `` old country '' and resist anything that diverges from the ideal . 
  meanwhile , their country of origin continues to change naturally . 
  where else would the casualties from ~ ~ kuwait ~ ~ ~ ~ iraq ~ ~ afghanistan go through ? 
  also the amount of money it would cost to property care for nuclear weapons . 
  but hey , he played off the national debt . 
  damn this guy is pretty interesting, 
  this is being stage managed by russia . 
  i see these kind of statements as a sign that putin might ease off the pressure and will try to find another way to get control of ukr without outright invasion . 
  if you spend the same percentage as israel ( 6.2 % ) you would match south korea , if you spend like saudi arabia ( 8.9 % ) , you 'd match germany 's expenditure . 
  all that aside , at least you guys are mostly keeping up with the 2 % baseline for nato members , which ca n't be said for most of the rest . 
  you would need to spend about 18 % of your gdp to match russian spending . 
  which would be the second highest percentage in the world . 
  plus us$ 4.8 mil . 
  and that gold is worth about us$ 1.8 mil total of us$ 6.6 mil yes , that 's some prudent investing . 
  plus us$ 4.8 mil . 
  and that gold is worth about us$ 1.8 mil total of us$ 6.6 mil yes , that 's some prudent investing . 
  yes , minister is the first one and i think it 's much better, 
  if he stops at crime people will forget in about 2 years and more or less go back to normal . 
  they 're not done with ukraine yet . 
  no but the options were basically independence from ukr or joining with rus, 
  that 's something i did n't consider . 
  only buy a house once i 'm on fixed income and stable location . 
  all my friends are buying houses and i 'm just sitting here paying my student loans ( from the us ), 
  sounds like the current situation, 
  the pretty much have crimea . 
  now its about making it stick . 
  they 're keeping him close so they can reinstall him as the president again . 
  or would they be in apcs and respond stronger and earlier . 
  i know the protesters were relatively well behaved but i 'm not sure the police would just hang out behind riot shields if there was a good chance most of the protesters were armed . 
  i just have a feeling it would be more likely to turn into a full on armed revolt . 
  what is your idea ? 
  they shoot , you shoot back and then they go away ? 
  yes it is different and i hope people have learned some lessons . 
  for example , during the cuban missile crisis kennedy was specifically concerned about mobilization being seen as an aggressive rather than cautionary action . 
  that being said , i would still worry about things running out of control by accident . 
  besides , the olympics are over, 
  they said that before ww1 too . 
  will provide a source when i get home . 
  i understand that they want it , but imagine if those slingshots were replaced with pistols . 
  how would it change the situation ? 
  there are some people talking about the county splitting in two . 
  is this likely or possible ? 
  i saw that photoset . 
  did the fifth ring never open ? 
  cakes in assortment ? 
  i 'm really enjoying these . 
  mostly because i do n't have to be there . 
  in the us the president is commander in chief . 
  this is to keep the military subservient to the civilian government . 
  the one about `` maultaschen '' is my favorite story . 
  i 'm also craving some right now and i 'm nowhere near germany . 
  damn . 
  you bet , they stink, 
  can someone remind me which country was trying to liberate germany in 44 rather than trying to stop a government from continuing military action . 
  fighting teeth, 
  are you guys ok with it touching the ground ? 
  thanks . 
  that explains it much better, 
  i 'm going to be cynical here . 
  what 's in it for the company ? 
  seems to take much more effort to accommodate them . 
  are they much better at certain tasks ? 
  cheaper ? 
  less likely to leave ? 
  subsidy from government ? 
  what 's the most comparable us plane to this . 
  i 'm guessing something between a c17 and c130, 
  maybe it 's just euphemism for romani, 
  but they did pay off all their foreign loans, 
  every time i thing federal europe might work i remember that even belgium can barely keep itself together . 
  nz checking in . 
  french spies are idiots, 
  been done before, 
  interesting . 
  my grandfather fought there . 
  or do n't use circles because humans are terrible at telling the difference between sizes of them . 
  a bar graph would be fine . 
  [ here you go then ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnuauxzryb0 ) btw , that video was better . 
  do you think it was wrong that they joined the euro ? 
  how is this so far down, 
  so it has to be an italian peter ?
