well maybe we are not willing to fight for our country , but at least we have nukes haha, 
  an eu army would protect all its member . 
  if we can protect ourselves from russia , it 's not the case for eastern europe . 
  an eu army would be the best opportunity for weak countries in the union to have a real protection they can rely on . 
  you mean our army ? 
  he is finnish . 
  that 's mean that because he is afraid of russia , he has to alternate criticism between west and east . 
  that 's basically how they survived during the cold war . 
  well , we are currently involved in [ many places ] ( http://www.bfmtv.com/international/quelle-est-la-presence-de-l-armee-francaise-dans-le-monde-918599.html ) across the world . 
  11k soldiers out of our country . 
  employments were to be created only in poland , not in france . 
  it was a part of the deal . 
  as a german , you should not make jokes on ww2 lol, 
  well , nazi truly had class . 
  all those big buildings and those boss uniforms ... about tolerance though ... 
  funny name considering juter means ejaculate in french, 
  yeah but we are not talking about middle east there . 
  of course the concept existed , particulary in france where the 100 years war was one of the reason of its apparition . 
  what i meant is that indeed the concept of nations as borders did not exist . 
  he must be joking or he is really stupid . 
  1558 was a time when the concept of nation barely existed . 
  it 's kinda useless anyway, 
  except for the fact that you may fuck your cousin without knowing it ? 
  othername is such a nice name !, 
  you should be grateful to your parents to have named you like that !, 
  ah yeah , mistake on my side . 
  i think his name is just c\u00e9dric . 
  the others are not used in france . 
  like myself , i 'm called quentin , but when i was in estonia , banks and school called me quentin jacques , which is what is written on my id card . 
  never had been called like that in france . 
  rault-verpre is just what happened when both parents want to give their name to the child . 
  so , not that pretentious !, 
  edit : ok , do n't get why i 'm downvoted . 
  what i said about first name is true . 
  you can verify it in french newspapers . 
  i do n't deny he is a prick , calm down, 
  yes , but it is seen as one by most of the french population , so it 's religious debate here . 
  what i think is that the governement is already very unpopular . 
  when this burkini thing appeared , they do not wanted to side for it , after all the terrorism . 
  they do n't want to take a risky decision , as yhey are thinking forward with the elections in 2017 . 
  the alledged `` declared war '' is a technical problem . 
  they had hallals shops without having a license for it . 
  that 's it . 
  the law is the same for all . 
  yeah , and who will stop usto enforce it ? 
  this is the current problem with europe . 
  it 's good to have it on your side , but if you do n't want to follow what it says you do n't have to . 
  oh sure , they can take sanctions , but it will be symbolical , eu do n't want to risk having bad relations with one of its loyal country and one of the country that put the most money in . 
  u/pierrebourdieu2017 made a great [ post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/4zmve5/french_users_could_you_explain_the_burkini_ban/d6x6xii ) explaining the burkini ban from french perspective . 
  well , i 'm in an iae , which depends of the university of grenoble . 
  if you do engineering , business , those numbers will apply , at least since your school is public , as it will always be affiliated with the university ( as sciences po for exemple ) . 
  anyway , mine is higher , but it seems there is some [ shady things ] ( http://rue89.nouvelobs.com/2009/08/01/fac-les-frais-de-scolarite-devoiles-mais-loin-de-la-realite-113237 ) going around with the fees, 
  is this an average ? 
  in my university ( grenoble ) , it 's 500 euros per year , you pay nothing if you have a low income background . 
  yes , it 's free !, 
  and the idea that we are brothers with the * perfide albion * ... eww, 
  i think it also has to do with the fact that you are a nation of immigrants . 
  so everyone got `` funny '' ancestors , contrary to us in europe where most of us come from a single cultural background , traditionally . 
  to cut it short , estonia is not slavic at all . 
  there is 30 % of the population which is russian , so indeed slavic , but they did not mixed with the others parts . 
  200 years under russian rule did not change anything to that , as no mix happened , as u/h2ppyme said . 
  well , [ estonia is nowhere considered as slavic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:slavic_countries_and_territories ) . 
  you can also see on [ this map ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavs#/media/file:slavic_world.svg ) that , as estonia , canada as a high slavic population . 
  could we say canada is a slavic country ? 
  please , [ educate yourself ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavs ) and take arguments elswhere than from nationalist russians . 
  oh yeah i remember that story with the tv tower and the heroic resistance from the radio operator !, 
  was n't estonia the target of russians , with tanks on their way to tallinn , but ussr crumbled just before they attacked ? 
  or something similar ? 
  it was said jokingly , that 's why the '' '' . 
  what i mean is that we had to watch it for one of our class , and plenty of people tolds me to watch it . 
  it 's a great documentary btw , very instructive . 
  aha this is the documentary we were `` forced '' to watch when i went to estonian university . 
  seems this documentary is quite important in estonia . 
  i bet this is more common in countries like egypt than in kentucky, 
  sure they do . 
  they will not let one of their citizen in the street like this , at least not my country . 
  yeah , it 's pretty common in countries stillin middle age, 
  ok , you clearly have nothing to say to just play on words to answer arguments . 
  grow up , and educate yourself before saying stupidities about things you clearly dont know anything about . 
  grow up , and answer . 
  but what you clearly dont understand is that nearly all of them speak french , as they are coming from countries where french is widely spoken , and as they are there since many generations . 
  you argument is completely stupid , like telling a german to learn turkish . 
  edit : apparently , americans know situation in france better than me . 
  also , the hive mind is strong here . 
  wtf with italians, 
  estonian invaders in russia . 
  never thought it would exists . 
  it 's the pot calling the kettle black !, 
  not really . 
  those countries were really influenced by france , and we share a great deal of things culturally speaking . 
  many french are from african descent , many french live in africa , and many africans work or study in france . 
  that 's not any close to be the case with danemark . 
  immigration , french involvement in africa where we have tons of expatriates , military involvement , economic ties , cultural ties , ... 
  i do not deny our ties with estonia , i just said that they are stronger with a country like ivory coast . 
  they are many people from these country in france , there is many french expatriated there . 
  there is tons of french companies who works there , ... for sole ivory coast , there is 17k french there . 
  there is 300k french in west and north africa as a whole . 
  many french are from african descent , and even this year in my class there was no more than 10 african students ( on 40 people ) . 
  but i do agree than france and estonia are on a more comparative level , what i mean is that we are more culturally tied to african countries and thus that it is easier for an average frenchman to feel close to an african country than to a country like estonia . 
  well mogherini or another , having a meaningfull european foreign affair policy requires a level of union we do not have today .
