  take a look at history , we built this world . 
  kinda sad, 
  the only kind of serious separatism in france is corsica , and even there it has nothing to do with catalonia , and there is no chance they quit us . 
  catalonian separatism is next to inexistant in france, 
  rumors says they even reopened auschwitz-bikenau . 
  [ millions ] ( https://media.treehugger.com/assets/images/2011/10/pileofbikes.jpg ) of dead already . 
  this is what you dont understand . 
  world wars were not about protecting france . 
  do you live in the wonderland ? 
  do you think allies fought to protect france ? 
  no , they fought to protect themselves , to protect the entire western world and its interest at stake . 
  that 's what alliances are about ( we did declare war to protect poland , but that may be too much history for you today ) . 
  anyway , its good you have a so simplistic vision of the world , as they say , `` blessed are the poor in spirit ; for the kingdom of heaven is theirs '' it 's quite funny this anglo saxon need to think they are morally superior to the rest of the world . 
  just open your eyes , and you will see that your people did worse than bombing a ship of activists in a shitty place at the other end of the globe . 
  no flair . 
  you surely come from another insignificant country, 
  people in nz are so superior to us . 
  they have clearly a superior moral sense, 
  this is what happen when you fight alliances and the battleground happen to be your country . 
  as if we ever needed nz help, 
  well thats geopolitics for you, 
  and our army still had more impact than yours after we lost our country lol, 
  twice ? 
  do you know history ? 
  read about ww1 this is scary, 
  calm down , your country did not save anyone, 
  i am not, 
  this thread is so racist it makes me sick . 
  most people dont even know about this in france . 
  i understand for nz its like the most important of their history , being so irrevelant as they are . 
  of course this is a bad thing , but that happens . 
  apologize have been made , let 's turn the page . 
  and seriously , do you really think great nations became great by being nice with everyone ? 
  they had to do what it takes , but obviously small country ca n't understand this . 
  do you want us to excuse for all atrocities made during our history ? 
  because it will take times, 
  go get a job and stop voting fi please, 
  i am french , i am not far right and i like charles martel . 
  your post is bullshit . 
  far right like charles martel , ok , but he is not liked only by them . 
  jeanne d'arc is another exemple of that . 
  800 years and still salty, 
  mansplaining is not an european word . 
  take that back with you to usa please . 
  in which language could they be ? 
  but it was not a democracy before , it was franco no ? 
  $ , _ 9 $ s  [ the knights hospitaller ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_military_order_of_malta ) would like to have a word with you . 
  i guess its a question of habit . 
  the worst summer i had was when iived in grenoble . 
  this city is just in a hole in the mountains , so there 's basically no wind . 
  i thought i would die tbh, 
  air conditioning is not common in france too . 
  only at work it is , but not at home . 
  you dont really need it until more than 35 \u00b0 c , and i doubt that happen so often in finland, 
  very cold weather is easier to handle than very hot weather imo . 
  at least that 's what i experienced while living in estonia . 
  in france , weather is pretty great though, 
  good thing he will probably die though . 
  if they were all this dumb ... 
  they also build it in the long run :d it was just a poor joke tbh but surely crusaders would have not seen constantinople in the hands of the muslim as a good thing . 
  we are not retarded you know, 
  we just want constantinople !, 
  my ancestors did not die for this, 
  no i am in the south-east , a region you never had the opportunity to set foot on !, 
  what a username, 
  god how awful it should have to my french ancestors to share land with englishmen . 
  it is already a pain to have them across the sea , but sharing a border is like hell on earth, 
  maybe , but they are still french anyway . 
  so the point is that we cant kick them out . 
  on that we do agree . 
  i never said everything was going well . 
  i said we are working on it . 
  you dont eradicate terrorism in one day . 
  that 's the goal yes . 
  but maybe you do n't know what state of emergency is, 
  yeah we are loser but we built this world . 
  no but its because we are taking care of our country problems , contrary to the us, 
  say the american . 
  funny to see that you know more about our continent than us . 
  children in your country kills more people every year than terrorist in ours, 
  europe is the light of civilization in the darkness of the world , and we are stronger together . 
  and terrorist in france were french , so electing macron or le pen just change nothing . 
  only us are allowed to complain about our country , not the others !, 
  ffs you did a genocide . 
  how long will you deny it ? 
  this is one more proof that turkey is a backward country straight out of middle-age that need to stay out of europe . 
  germans seems to do that frequently with poland, 
  no they are n't, 
  we do n't want uk to come back though, 
  very true . 
  in france , its mostly a cultural thing . 
  french people will never be happy , 
  definitely in france . 
  we are always pretty low in happiness rankings no matter what happen . 
  this is cultural, 
  also maybe because of us . 
  france is usually doing poorly in happiness . 
  it 's mostly due to us being french though , no specific external factors, 
  i know , but i am too much of an history nerd , 
  following up what you said , an interesting thing about napopleonic wars is that most of the soldiers died outside of battle , from cold or sickness ( 370k were killed in battle , 800k from sickness or cold , wiki ),
