  i mean geographically speaking , eastern europe starts in ukraine . 
  have n't they got extinct a few years back ? 
  a true english story !, 
  it 's pretty accurate . 
  yeah i know , it was more ironical than anything, 
  is it really europe ? 
  they do n't really belong to anyone so far from civilization on their tiny island !, 
  thank us boys , if we did not clear the mess in 1066 , it would be way harder to learn english today, 
  anyway we are still somehow linked to them . 
  okay it 's not an `` union '' but we have tons of trade agreement with them . 
  there is a real collaboration today with most of our colonies . 
  i wonder what would happen if we offered them the choice to join us again now . 
  tbh it would be great to still have north africa and the haute-volta . 
  those are not `` shitty countries '' . 
  most of them are rich in ressources and they became shitty after we left them . 
  i support extended france , like belgium , switzerland , ivory coast , burkina faso , s\u00e9n\u00e9gal , ... 
  i do n't care about stereotypes , there is tons about france , but that does not refrain us to be the most touristy country in the world anyway . 
  so whatever they say about us , they still seems to quite like the country . 
  like if belgium was not defeated too , as most of europe, 
  fantastic seems a bit too audacious . 
  at least from france !, 
  nah i think it 's a thing that often come when you talk about germany . 
  at least in france . 
  how is fighting in syria a bad thing ? 
  would you prefer isis to expand maybe ? 
  your arguments are plain stupid, 
  what is this sport ? 
  the vironia one is nice, 
  city24.ee for estonia, 
  seems good enough . 
  you can take them now, 
  no it 's not, 
  at least here you will not get gang raped by pajeet and the gang, 
  not really . 
  putin is written as poutine because - ou is the correct way to phonetically translate the - \u0443 sound from russian . 
  our transcript of his name is just the only one possible in french to reproduce his name correctly . 
  the champions !, 
  oh okay , thanks for your very comprehensive answer , i learned a lot !, 
  is danish very different from swedish and norwegian ? 
  i think by country op meant `` real country '', 
  does it works on the other sense ? 
  because if yes , african americans should stop building concrete house and should go back to live in shitty soil houses, 
  all hail the fourth reich !, 
  grenoble, 
  not france, 
  wtf, 
  both languages are not spoken in all switzerland . 
  if he goes to geneva , where they speak french , she will have a hard time speaking german there . 
  what a shitty title . 
  if only we had succeed ... 
  lol it 's pretty casual for a greeting . 
  maybe not if you were young though, 
  very very common in france, 
  because here in france we stand up when the teacher enter the classroom . 
  it 's only done up to high school, 
  now , we continue to bitch and moan avout everything . 
  and to speak french too lol . 
  seems to be nice people there, 
  wearing jeans is very common in france too . 
  being dressed correctly is quite important though , and it 's pretty uncommon to see people dressed like shit at the supermarket . 
  but i do n't think if it is as important as you american seem to think it is for us . 
  you can still go to euro 2020 , there 's games everywhere in europe , witg semi and final in england, 
  fascist group, 
  i do n't know if it would make more of us pro-nato , but the fact is that with the loss of us we would loose too much . 
  we are one of the few country to have a decent army in europe , and i do n't see how eu could compensate the loss of us . 
  us quitting nato is the worst thing i can see happen for eastern europe . 
  i think it 's mostly cultural ( at least in the west ) and maybe ethnic ( mostly in the east ), 
  * libert\u00e9 , egalit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 * in our country , everyone should be able to do what he wants , and respect the others . 
  do n't be edgy, 
  do n't be a jerk, 
  plus , does n't it took only 3 yeats to gain citizenship there ? 
  only downside is that it 's not eu though, 
  french . 
  ... why should you speak another one ? 
  are danish , swedish and norwegian very similar ? 
  i ask because i always found it weird that regens from nordic countries in football manager usually spawn speaking the 3 . 
  i crossed the border from estonia to russia by bus and there was not any trouble . 
  i had the correct visa though, 
  belgium , thanks to being such a good neighbor, 
  i do n't know , he is becoming more and more a whore for fn voters . 
  well , see what happens in the 30s , and there was no internet, 
  maybe because they are anti democratic, 
  both are very unpopular in france . 
  that 's why juppe is popular , and we will probably juppe vs le pen with juppe winning by a good margin . 
  impressive skill knowing how few of them remain in poland nowaday, 
  i do n't think that 's right for mainland french . 
  we always use it in french like in english . 
  d\u00e9sol\u00e9 , bonjour , pardon , comment allez-vous ? , merci are used a lot during the day . 
  not using them is very shocking for a french and would be seen as very impolite . 
  something very racist about black people / immigrants . 
  wtf, 
  `` the only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history . '', 
  apparently , if you say  [ ` please ' , ` thank you ' , ` you are welcome ' , ` may i ' , ` excuse me ' , ` pardon me ' , ` sorry ' , ` thanks ' ] so according to the bot , you can say  please , can you go fuck youself ? 
  thank you and be considered polite . 
   i think it would be a good thing if you broadcast everything in english instead . 
  :p well , it 's called france 24 for a reason , not perfide albion 24 . 
   it 's not healthy is it ? 
  not it 's clearly not . 
  on another point , the scotland situations seems a bit too much . 
  i think it 's clearly in conflict with the principle of laicity , at least how we see it in france .
