  but that will come one day . 
  people criticize europe , but its the greatest union of countries ever made by humans . 
  exactly . 
  we in europe may not share the same cultures or languages but we share the same values . 
  we must stand strong together if we want to compete with other great powers . 
  however , i think it will take time . 
  it xas shown today with the reactions to us attack in syria . 
  france made a statement about it , as uk and germany . 
  we should have only one statement coming from eu , as we should be under one flag in the security council of un . 
  how can we have credibilty as an union when everyone act alone ? 
  but one step at a time , it warms my heart when i see what we europeans lol made with eu in 50 years only . 
  i never said that french did not have a history with europe . 
  i said that its a fact that france have now more ties with africa than some eastern european countries . 
  i do agree that france was always involved in europe , from the 5th century to now . 
  i know the history of my country , history is my main hobby . 
  i just speak about present , that for the average french it is easier to relate to africa than to eastern european countries ( which is shown today by the fran\u00e7afrique relationship ) . 
  i am pro-eu , i just tried to identify why france is not ( we voted no in 2005 , and the anti-eu opinion is strong , as shown in this current elections ) . 
  the special relationship we have with africa is difficult to explain to someone from estonia . 
  it 's called fran\u00e7afrique , google it , you will find stuff about it . 
  and believe me , i lived in estonia , i was schooled at tut , and i can assure you that someone from west africa could be closer to me ( `` culturally speaking '' ) than an estonian . 
  this is not a criticism , i love estonia , i just pick an exemple coming from my own experience . 
  we have no past with lybia . 
  i do agree that people from northern france could feel culturally close to belgium or netherlands . 
  what i say is that france shared more with west africa or north africa during its history than with romania or poland . 
  i spoked about ties and not about `` things in common '' . 
  france is still culturally and economically linked with west and north africa more than with romania , latvia or poland . 
  there is 17 034 frenchman in ivory coast . 
  430 in latvia . 
  never heard about [ fran\u00e7afrique ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fran%c3%a7afrique ) ? 
  in the way that yeah firstly we speak the same language , which is already fucking important . 
  west african culture was influenced by us as much as they influenced us . 
  we share values with eu too i agree , but for a french , algeria or tunisia will be closer to him than estonia . 
  i did not say that it was an obstacle to eu , but it might be a thing to take in account . 
  i am definitely pro-eu , what i was just trying to say is that i think it 's hard for the average french to feel european . 
  i agree with you that europe is the only way to maintain peace between each of its members and to compete with other great powers ( usa , russia , china ), 
  germany weights in the eu because its big and they are really into it . 
  we are big too , but there is n't the same enthusiasm and investment from our politicians into it . 
  germany also have a strong leader . 
  studies conducted in germany in 1938 probably . 
  spot on !, 
  but i have friends from mali or ivory coast and algeria and i can tell you i feel closer to them than to someone from sweden or danemark . 
  that might be specific to france though , due to colonization . 
  well , for exemple , we french have much more ties with african countries like ivory coast or tunisia than with danemark or hungary . 
  that 's where the problem lies . 
  i think people dont care about eu also because of that . 
  estonia or latvia means nothing for a french . 
  most will not even know where it 's located . 
  how do you want then a working eu ? 
  yeah , but us it 's expected, 
  thanks for the link , very interesting !, 
  while it 's a funny symbol , we do n't have much problem with symbols from monarchy in france . 
  the elys\u00e9e itself was owned by the king back in the days . 
  and that would never happen in reverse . 
  imagine us with a motto in english !, 
  english envy us so much, 
  seems to fit well for the english . 
  let 's give them those , it will help them save money, 
  they ca n't bear to be behind us . 
  i thought they got used to it ... 
  i think this a thing in big languages . 
  it 's the same in france or russia too . 
  poor english abilities , strong internet presence, 
  that was a bad joke about his flair . 
  aryan expert here, 
  who give a fuck about trump there ? 
  netherland is triggered, 
  are n't you french if you father is ? 
  or you did not ask for citizenship ? 
  they talked about immigration and russia yesterday, 
  we are with you netherland !, 
  we should burn them, 
  it has absolutely everything to do with it . 
  muslim faith should not have a foot in europe . 
  it will always be constantinople in our hearts . 
  we should kick them out of europe for good . 
  constantinople belongs to christianity . 
  it 's just classic far left rethoric . 
  israel always there to play the victim, 
  seems to be a nice place !, 
  do n't say that where i live . 
  he studied here in grenoble , and he is basically god there, 
  a freshman or a frenchman ? 
  or a freshman frenchman ? 
  because he is daltonian , not blind , and he can read comments, 
  honestly you are the troll there, 
  yeah , i mean , if they want to list all our defeats , they could as well write all our success, 
  this is definitely the correct version . 
  woah i did not know that there was so many people in lithuania !, 
  thanks god !, 
  we ca n't have a backward country like this in europe . 
  your country is just irrelevant to europe, 
  yes , what i mean is that you will not find gouda on the cheese plate after the meal, 
  i was kind of joking . 
  i did not know that holland was renow for its cheese , because in france gouda is pretty much only eaten in hamburgers , sandwichs or the like . 
  its kind of considered tasteless . 
  but i forget we ( italians too ) live in our own food world , and mostly used to stronger taste . 
  gouda is not cheese, 
  since forever, 
  10 % is fucking huge in the budget of a country . 
  we already seen how it worked out .
