  yes , it 's obvious , because this time we have nukes !, 
  they cant blitzkrieg the fuck out of that !, 
  if you knew history , you would knew that it is by launching planes that they beat us . 
  yeah , sorry i probably answered a bit too seriously . 
  i did not see your flair also , it seems to be a common misconception out of france/england , that france invaded england in 1066 . 
  yes , but it was not really french as a nation . 
  guillaume le conqu\u00e9rant was a normand , and he was pretty indepedent from french kingdom . 
  it was france geographically speaking with our current border , but not france back in the days, 
  with 300 million of us , we could invade the uk !, 
  such a shame we did not kept growing . 
  still belongs to us !, 
  it 's us , they want us to fail , do n't forget . 
  british press is the same . 
  a candidate who is the complete opposite of her . 
  why should i feel responsible ? 
  i voted for the candidate with the best chance to win against her, 
  not voting for macron is voting for le pen . 
  you will carry the burden of le pen becoming president . 
  shame , shame , shame !, 
  m\u00e9lanchon lost , get over it , do your duty and vote against le pen, 
  yeah but most of them dont speak english , so they are stuck in the french internet sphere . 
  well he is swiss , that 's how they usually get rich . 
  we get it , we know for who you will vote . 
  i am not worried because she is at 40 % at most in the second turn . 
  being worried now is not knowing how the french systems works . 
  how can you compare two votes which were very close in the polls two weeks before with one where le pen is not at more than 40 % in the second turn . 
  but anyway , it seems you know my country better than people who lives in it . 
  we will see . 
  anyway , i think the fear of fn is not as big in france than abroad, 
  because le pen will never get more than 50 at the second round, 
  difference is the voting system . 
  brexit and trump had chances to win . 
  le pen is at 22 % which is really far from what the others where . 
  yet this is not usa, 
  no there is not . 
  `` dictatorship is a form of government where a country or a group of countries is ruled by one person or political entity , and exercised through various mechanisms to ensure that the entity 's power remains strong . '', 
  wiki, 
  fair enough , seems i misread the question . 
  is vauban well know too in germany ? 
  i know only speer as german architect, 
  vauban , eiffel, 
  eiffel is french, 
  eiffel is french , from german backgroud , but french, 
  fat, 
  their cantons are very different culturally speaking , and yet they live together with all cultures being equals . 
  it 's for your own good . 
  you will look much more classy speaking french than english , believe me, 
  to a certain extend yes . 
  but for french on this sub , if they are there it means that they made special effort to learn english , so they could have other motivations . 
  for me it was only because i was too curious to stick to french wikipedia and i started reading in english . 
  this is was my initial motivation . 
  than i needed it to move in estonia . 
  uk left the union , they did not left our planet, 
  yes , in every thread about france on reddit, 
  i had to speak english, 
  reading on the internet for basic level , living in estonia for very good level , reading reddit and watching non subbed movies and series to get fluent, 
  seems we are still around there , so no i guess, 
  come to france , we speak very good english , and basic french is fine , we are known to make effort to understand people . 
  plus we are never depressed !, 
  the sweden flag is one of my favourites since it 's so unique , although it would look better if you change the color . 
  [ here 's some design i made as suggestions ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-fd31f7fda382125bb68bb44ae5c7db6e ), 
  have n't you met any french or italian ? 
  very true . 
  i read an article recently about this . 
  seems the right explanation . 
  bougnette could be a fine name too, 
  in french !, 
  ( en france on parle fran\u00e7ais , non mais dit ! ), 
  i am happy for them if their life is improving . 
  however , i consider shitty a republic ranked 154 on 167 in the democracy index . 
  but would you want your country to join eu ? 
  serious question, 
  macron premier du nom , president du monde, 
  bug, 
  not really belonging to russia too, 
  maybe i did not express myself correctly . 
  i think that the current government is way better than the previous one , and i think iran is doing better now . 
  however , this type of republic , with all this theocracy thing , is shit . 
  ah what to complain about , its not like the sense of superiority has ever done any harm :p, 
  impossible is not french !, 
  some do , some do not . 
  he is one of the greatest leader this country has ever had ( with louis xiv , de gaulle , francois ier , henri iv , charlemagne , clovis , saint louis , ... ) , and his heritage is very important . 
  this guy was a genius , and what he achieved has no equivalent . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.linternaute.com/histoire/magazine/dossier/07/10-francais-preferes/napoleon.shtml ) you can find a ranking of most liked personalities from our history ( by french people ) . 
  he is ranked first . 
  i do n't get why he is seen as evil abroad , apart from british propaganda . 
  ok he was dictator , but it was quite usual back then . 
  great history and culture , beautiful country , shit government, 
  nice !, 
  it was a joke btw . 
  i am myself going to live in italy very soon ( as a french ), 
  for us it 's quite short ( its more about the end of it with indochine and algerian wars ), 
  starship troopers , les visiteurs , tale of tales, 
  i remember roman history , the gaulois , clovis , louis xiv , italian wars , religion wars , the revolution , napol\u00e9on , the republics , colonialism and both world wars . 
  seems quite complete to me , but obviously very focused on france . 
  the fact that people expect too much from the president . 
  they just elect him and expect him to be another napol\u00e9on or de gaulle and save this country . 
  italo german from usa ? 
  it 's because belgium is populated by beaufs . 
  it 's like north of france but it 's a country .
