  edit : just wanted to throw in that medical care is free for them as well . 
  looks like integration working fine to me . 
  is it as bad as [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahpyrgflzo8 ) ? 
  all children in bulgaria have to apply for school before the start of the school semester , which starts at the 15th of september . 
  the problem is that only 8 refugee children applied and attended school . 
  even if they did n't say anything not going to school for free speaks for itself . 
   he now spends his days with other afghan refugees at an internet caf\u00e9 opened last year around the corner from the ovcha kupel refugee center . 
  here , they can call home on skype , drink tea and plot out their next moves . 
   `` bulgarian people [ are ] not bad , [ they are ] very good , '' he said , when asked if he and the other afghan migrants had faced xenophobia during their time in sofia . 
  bulgaria 's population is about 10 percent muslim , but the slavic nation is predominately orthodox christian and conservative . 
  `` i can go to the mosque here , not problem . 
  but no work here , nothing . 
  i will go to france and study law . 
  in three months , i 'll learn french , no problem . '' this dude says he can learn french in 3 months on such a high level that he can start studying law in french . 
  if he is such a linguistic genius why has n't he learned bulgarian so he could find a job ? 
  and i am sure that there are humanitarian and non government organisations which will pay for his education if he decides to go to university in bulgaria . 
  people who do n't want to work find excuses . 
  if you wanted to reduce the population of a country why would you import `` refugees '' ? 
  not anything other than manual labor . 
  we have gypsies which do n't want to study even if we provide free education till they are 18 years old and since they are uneducated they are unemployed and living on social benefits and services . 
  it mostly depends on your education if you are a qualified with the needed degrees and certificates you can work where ever you want . 
  they have everything given to them by the state until they are able to take care of themselves . 
  there are social services which can find you a job if you are n't able to find one yourself , they do n't even have to go to job interviews unless they want to work as a doctor or an engineer / professions which require education and university degrees / . 
  on how fast they learn the language is up to them we just provide the free education and language courses but we ca n't force them to study if they do n't want to . 
  if they were smart enough they would follow our laws . 
  study apply and get bulgarian citizenship and since we are in the eu / open borders / they can pack their stuff and go whenever they want . 
  bulgarians abroad work their asses off and these guys do n't even want to study for free . 
  refugees are allowed to work in bulgaria . 
  do you take in refugees ? 
  the problem is that eu wants to force the refugees in here and we have to deal with their dissatisfaction later on . 
  refugees are allowed to work . 
  they receive social benefits in form of free food , free education and free housing . 
  refugees who have n't received their `` refugee status '' receive monthly payments which are higher than most pensions for senior citizens . 
  the ones who have received their `` refugee status '' do n't receive monthly payments but get work permits and same rights as bulgarians , excluding voting and military service . 
  i 'm not saying that we are the best country in the world but they need to appreciate that we are willing to share what we have with them . 
  so what is your point ? 
  that 's fine , we do n't want anyone who does n't want to be here and we are n't forcing anyone to come to bulgaria . 
  so what is your point ? 
  they have been offered free education and language study , why are n't they learning ? 
  there are special procedures for everyone who is coming because they seek shelter from war . 
  we just do n't allow the economic immigrants in . 
  not the kids their parents are n't letting them to study . 
  they do n't want to study as a form of protest because they want to be let free to go to another european country . 
  the parents are n't letting the kids to go to school do you even think these kids understand what is going on ? 
  then educate them instead of bringing down their leaders , destroying their countries and avalanching a mass of immigrants/refugees . 
  do n't get me wrong we have nothing against the refugees who follow our immigration laws the problem are the masses who do n't . 
  so you do n't want the informed , educated people to keep procreating but you want to import uneducated , women oppressing , religion oppressing and human rights violating people to procreate ? 
   `` at this point , the children and their parents do not want to study in bulgaria . 
  since they have received asylum , it stands to reason that their children attend class . 
  right now , there are 893 refugee children , but only 8 have signed up for school . 
  their motive is that they do not wish to stay in bulgaria '' . 
  right back at you . 
  why do n't the kids want to go to school in bulgaria ? 
   ** `` the refugees do not pass through our country , because we take their fingerprints , we register them and they know that our borders are well protected . 
  wherever they go in europe , they 'll be returned to bulgaria . 
  not to mention , that we are a poor country with a burdened social system , while in europe , it 's different . 
  ** teams , that help out countries struggling with their refugees are a hot topic right now . 
  we , at this point , however , are doing ok . '' i thought this was the explanation why they do n't want to go through and live in bulgaria . 
  its common sense . 
  is there a reason why they do n't want to live in bulgaria ? 
  no , it always was we just did n't say it out loud . 
  no , i do n't feel offended i am outraged because you are telling me that i should feel guilty about things that i nor my nation did in order to force me to accept your point of view . 
  not everything is black and white !, 
  the eu ca n't violate our democratic laws and rules which we fought to achieve with our blood and sacrificed lives . 
  we prefer to learn from our history so we do n't suffer the same fate once again . 
  so please do n't tell us how to live our lives , we have had it hard enough until now and we do n't appreciate you making it even harder for us . 
  you are so ignorant that you did n't even know that bulgaria fought against the crusaders when they declined our alliance offer . 
   in 1205 , kaloyan of bulgaria crushed the latin crusaders with his cuman light cavalry . 
  [ 51 ] on 14 april 1205 , one year after the conquest of the city , emperor baldwin was decisively defeated and captured at the battle of adrianople by the bulgarians . 
  in 1205 or 1206 , the bulgarian emperor kaloyan mutilated him and left him to die , while others suggest he was kept captive in the famous baldwin 's tower in the bulgarian capital veliko turnovo , where he died under unknown circumstances . 
  the venetian doge dandolo died in may 1205 . 
  on 4 september 1207 , the bulgarians killed boniface in an ambush . 
  he was succeeded by his infant son demetrius of montferrat , who ruled until he reached adulthood but was eventually defeated by theodore i ducas , the despot of epirus and a relative of murtzuphlus . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourth_crusade ) all the things that happened in the middle-east are because of the us greed . 
  my country did n't want to take part in any of this because we do n't have the needed resources to sustain troops so far away from home , but we were forced to take part because of our contracts with nato , the us and the eu . 
  and now the bulgarian tax payers are paying out the debts we had to take in order to send these troops there . 
  and just to let you know the troops we send were doing only guard duty at schools and other public and administrative buildings , we did n't take part in any main military actions or operations . 
  we already know who the real terrorists are we just do n't have the means to deal with them . 
  do n't you think that giving better conditions for the europeans and stimulating the birth rates of the native population is better than importing mostly male uneducated refugees ? 
  for reference see this [ post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3mrirr/refugees_dont_leave_their_conflicts_behind/cvhvvhx ), 
  mate , my country was under the terror of the ottoman empire for 500 years . 
  they kidnapped , raped , and killed men , women and children . 
  they took our food before the winter and burned down our houses , churches and schools . 
  many times people were locked in these buildings before they did these sub-human acts of terror . 
  they made a rule that bulgarians do n't have the right to make buildings that stand taller than a man on a horse so we were forced to build our houses , churches and schools party under ground . 
  they were taking young / 4-7 years old / female children for sex slaves and young male bulgarian boys for their army . 
  there are a lot more things i can tell you about , i can even link you historical sources if you do n't believe me . 
  so please explain to me what worse things have we done ? 
   not to say we should accept all of them as they come , merely that how we react will shape them as human beings and as muslims and how they 'll treat the west in the future . 
  considering how the muslims treated europe in the past how do you think we should treat them now ? 
  yes , they threatened us with sanctions because we have signed contracts to help our `` allies '' . 
  we did n't have enough money to send these troops there but we had to , and the bulgarian tax payer had to cover these military expenses . 
  http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php the percentage of the males has dropped off but i do think that the statistic is manipulated to show lower percentages because of the public opinion on radical militants . 
  edit : youths under the age of 18 are classified as `` children '' so consider the ratio of male to female children . 
  the total ratio male to female refugee looks even worse in reality . 
  we were forced by the us and eu to send our troops there . 
  what is your point ? 
  edit : the same way we are forced to accept refugee quotas contradicting with out democratic laws . 
  the funny thing is that the us is responsible for all the trouble in the middle east .
