  why should i care when you ignore my legit concerns ? 
  or those of ppl i care about ? 
  what are your legit concerns and what happened to your good friends to transform you into such hateful person ? 
  i am not surprised you have been ignored your whole life you sound like a man child no sane person would want to deal with you . 
   i accept full responsibility for the damage i do . 
  do you ? 
  how do you accept responsibility ? 
  i accept responsibility by following the rules of society and making everything i can to make the society i live in a better place for everyone around me . 
   do you hurt when my friends are denied rights for being born with a vagina ? 
  or shell out for those whose income is stunted because you want a cushier life ? 
  dude you live in switzerland ... tell me how repressed the women in switzerland are ? 
  what are the rights you as a man have that women do n't have in switzerland ? 
   have you stood at borders and seen good , honest people turned away bc their skin color does not match ? 
  no , i have n't stood at any borders and i doubt you did either and these people are n't being returned just because their `` skin color does n't match '' what ever that means . 
   if you can say yes in good faith i concede my point . 
  if you can not i simply say we see the world differently , and that my options to make myself heard are limited by what your system allows . 
  of course you are limited by the support of the ideas you represent or are you trying to force the world into submission to accept your views ? 
  is n't that more evil even than the current system ? 
  and what point did you make exactly because there was n't any . 
   and do not confuse me for a liberal idiot . 
  i was a staunch conservative right until i saw everyone who had a slight grievance with the system suffer . 
  so you are a ex-conservative right anarchist pushing liberal politics , did i get it right ? 
   anarchists do not exist in a vacuum . 
  convince me i can trust . 
  and i will . 
  guaranteed . 
  the problem is just that never happens . 
  technically they do since the earth is in space and space is vacuum . 
   that is a really naive view . 
  you assume the public is not brainwashed by capitalist propaganda and actually votes for it 's self-interest . 
  then make it your job to explain and give solutions to the problems of the public and help them change their vote to support their self-interests . 
  you assume legal rights to be an objectively bad thing - when they are in practice often enforced . 
  i will get downvoted for this but there is n't a perfect system . 
  there are things it can not do . 
  those grievances are the cause of many recent tensions . 
  rule of law only works when everyone accepts the law . 
  shall we force everyone to disrespect the law ? 
  on what grounds ? 
  why are the illegal means by default better ? 
  because someone decided it was ? 
  i am personally affected and targeted when the road to the hospital or a place of personal importance is blocked by the likes of you . 
  why do you have to wreck and burn my car ? 
  why do you have to break and loot my store ? 
  why do i have to pay for the damage you 've caused ? 
  you are right that no one on your side wants me personally to suffer but you want us to suffer as a community by interfering with our day to day lives . 
  just because it is about your ideas it does n't mean everyone should agree with you or support you and until you understand that people like you will become more and more hated by the general population unless you present reasonable arguments and ** point out the solutions ** to the problems you want to solve . 
  every reasonable human being wants to live a better life and would support reasonable arguments and politics . 
  you are acting like my two year old daughter when she does n't get what she wants and you expect people to put up with this shit ? 
  if they were fighting for the right ideas would n't they have more public support ? 
   right to pretest should be one of the fundamental human rights . 
  did someone say they are n't allowed to protest peacefully ? 
  so you are comparing the current living conditions and life dynamics to eras which are long gone ? 
  they have available all legal means to start a political movement and they will be voted into the government if the people support their ideas . 
  the public did n't have these rights when they started the revolutions you are talking about but of course it is easier to destroy things . 
  i think you are making absurd excuses . 
  if they do n't respect my right to live my life peacefully and happy i do n't respect them or their ideology . 
  they are the same as the islamist who are ready to do anything to achieve their goals except respecting the rights of others . 
  i ca n't respect people who prefer destruction rather than starting a political movement and dialogue to make a real change for everyone . 
  criminals who do n't respect other people and their property should not be tolerated . 
  the police should use real bullets if they destroy property and harm other humans or animals . 
  only someone who has n't lived among gypsies can defend them ask our romanian bros. 
  i know but i hope you get my point . 
  in my opinion books and study materials should n't be taxed we need to make reading more accessible for everyone because in the long run it will benefit our societies . 
  they should n't be aligned with printed books but cheaper . 
  you do n't use paper , inc , workers , factories , logistics and transportation etc. 
  for ebooks . 
  this is what happens when you exploit guilt to achieve your goals . 
  young europeans do n't feel responsible for events that happened 70 years ago and the constant rubbing in starts to get annoying . 
  i see it as a perfectly normal reaction . 
  the word here is that serbia backed up by russia is trying to keep the region destabilized by providing weapons and instigating ethnic tensions to prevent macedonia from joining nato and the eu . 
  on the other side you have the albanians who dream about `` great albania '' and are backed up by turkey and some islamic nations . 
  that 's why our pm stated that bulgaria will guarantee the sovereignty , independence and territorial integrity of macedonia as a country by all means we have on our disposal . 
  considering that bulgaria will take the [ presidency of the council of the european union in 2018 ] ( http://en.policies.bg/bulgarian-presidency-of-the-council-of-the-eu-in-2018/ ) our government officially stated that it will work to accelerate the macedonian ascension into the eu and nato to protect macedonia which serbia , albania , russia and turkey do n't really like and you can see the results . 
  currently we are in good relations with all the mentioned nations and people should n't see it as a conflict but more a influence proxy struggle who controls the balkans by the eu , russia and islam nations . 
  we are well aware of the anti-bulgarian propaganda but even so we do n't have bad feelings because you have to help your relatives even if they are retarded . 
  that 's why our pm and politicians had talks with all balkan governments no one to interfere in macedonian internal matters because any action taken will see bulgarian retaliation . 
  we do n't want balkan war 3 and will do anything to prevent it . 
  swimming lessons  music lessons, 
  i find it strange that no one else reported about this . 
  [ here ] ( https://twitter.com/mebo17bo/status/859827243966705666 ) is a link to the original tweet . 
  i have all his tweets logged if the profile gets deleted . 
  if you want the file message me but keep in mind that most of them are in turkish and need translation . 
  lol, 
  awesome propaganda !, 
  if you are religious why does it matter where you pray if god is everything and everywhere and he is all seeing ? 
  stop wasting money for religious buildings and pray at home you do n't have to show off to everyone how much you believe in your gods as long as the gods themselves can see it . 
  it is hilarious that some digital books cost more than their paper printed variants . 
  i do n't understand why people are [ surprised ] ( http://imgur.com/a/vqevi ) ? 
  no thanks . 
  i clean myself . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/67vup0/no_joke_un_elects_saudi_arabia_to_womens_rights/ ), 
  lol, 
   tl ; dr. flemish minister of education made clear the whole fuss about turkey banning diploma 's of the ku leuven ( a.k.a. 
  university of leuven ) ** could be one big misunderstanding . 
  ** is it a misunderstanding or not ? 
  even if it is only one case it should be concerning . 
  [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/wji-bz0ocwg?t=14s ) is how media propaganda works and this is only one example there are countless more for the past few decades . 
  sewing supplies, 
  it was a genuine question ... 
   marine le pen 's father does n't he have a name ?
