  you contradict yourself are you a law abiding criminal ? 
  you you follow or dodge the laws ? 
   i was in idomeni for quite a while . 
  i saw mechanics and nurses stopped at the border . 
  while ` refugees ' got let in . 
  in that vein i have done legally `` horrible '' things ( human trafficking ) to get well educated ppl to safety . 
  arrest me . 
  for hurting your system . 
  with ppl who like it and speak english . 
  illegal my ass . 
  those were the ppl you wanted . 
  you said no . 
  if i say no , these are n't people i wanted . 
  and being a human trafficker does n't make you a hero or a martyr but a criminal . 
  you sound crazier with every sentence i read . 
   do n't you realize ? 
  i tried !, 
  i toed the line until it hurt me so bad i snapped . 
  if you ever let me try , i will . 
  but the pain makes me hate . 
  more than you think . 
  i prolly belong in prison . 
  or locked up . 
  do not assume i do not see that . 
  i know what i am . 
  but i did not become this way by choice . 
  i was blocked . 
  over and over . 
  if that is what i must be ... then call me sick . 
  i can live with that . 
  you need psychiatric help . 
   human lives are not statistics . 
  you seem to think they are . 
  and do you wonder why ` we ' sound so hostile ? 
  go and burn publicly the quran in saudi arabia or iran you will be stoned to death or beheaded at the place you burned the book . 
  your and mine life is n't worth anything and you and i are totally worthless as all the victims of terror attacks around europe . 
  even if you do n't exist the world will go on . 
  countless people have lost their lives throughout the course of human history and when you study about them in history class they are just statistics . 
  so because of that in europe we managed to build a better and safer place to live in but the people like want to take away this from us . 
  you say i traffic educated and liberal migrants but if these people are so liberal , democratic and educated why do n't they transform their countries to be a better place to live in ? 
   because , even if europe is no safe hacen for all , if we pull back the curtain . 
  we are no better . 
  get off your high horse . 
  you are as much an illegitimate murderer and oppressor as i. 
  when you can accept that i will look you in the eye and agree . 
  until then you are just as willfully ignorant as the rest . 
  if you have two neighbors in two houses next to each other and both have yards separated by a fence but the first neighbor1 is working really hard to keep his yard clean and watering and trimming the grass to keep it alive so he can take sunbaths , make bbqs and play ball on it . 
  but neighbor2 is lazy , he does n't like to work to make his yard better to enjoy it and comes up with the idea that if he removes the fence separating the two yards he can use the yard of neighbor1 and have a good time without putting any effort into it . 
  if you were neighbor1 how would you feel ? 
  you are applying and using the same techniques as the mass media to manipulate public opinion . 
   what about the fact that the emergency state has allowed the french state to go after climate activists or even drug dealers ? 
  it 's not about supporting drug deals , but we have laws in place for a reason , and this emergency state is a fraud used to prevent the judges from assuming their role . 
  the activist article is from friday 27 november 2015 17.20 gmt , could n't you find something more recent ? 
  so after reading this article according to emergency law which was imposed after the terror attacks on 13 november 2015 in paris that killed 130 people . 
  in my opinion this was for the safety of the protesters imagine if they had gathered and another terrorist attack happened , who would take responsibility ? 
  everyone would be angry that the authorities allowed a protest and threatened the life of innocent people while they were still conducting the investigation on the previous terrorist attack , how irresponsible is that ? 
   and this emergency state is a fraud used to prevent the judges from assuming their role . 
  how does the emergency state prevent judges from assuming their role ? 
   what about r\u00e9mi fraisse who was shot by a cop from meters away while being pacifist r\u00e9mi fraisse ( august 31 , 1993 in toulouse , france -- october 26 , 2014 in lisle-sur-tarn , france ) was a french botanist involved in nature conservation ** who died at the age of 21 after the explosion of a flashbang grenade ** thrown by the french police , on october 26 about 2 a.m. in sivens dam . 
  i think it was an unfortunate accident he was n't shot by a cop . 
   what about th\u00e9o luhaka according to 22-year-old theo l. , a local educator , he went with a friend of his sister and had just visited friends in the neighborhood . 
  he said police approached him and ordered him to stand against a wall to be frisked . 
  he said that one of the men the police accosted asked why he was being threatened with a fine of 450 euros , and one of the policemen responded with a `` big slap '' . 
  theo l. says he then defended the victim of the slap , and was beaten and insulted as he struggled back . 
  the police account of the incident differs . 
  they said the man had intervened violently against an officer arresting a drug dealer , who could , as a result , have run away . 
  according to this account , the young man was restrained after , among other things , punching the policeman in the face . 
  ** the operating account by the igpn videos are temporally consistent with the officer 's testimony . 
  ** th\u00e9o l. was restrained by three police officers and a fourth showered the group from a distance with teargas . 
  following the incident , the young man , th\u00e9o , suffered from a longitudinal 10 cm wound to his anal canal and sphincter muscle , probably caused by the insertion of a telescopic stick , which resulted in a temporary disability ( itt ) of sixty days . 
  th\u00e9o l. said also he was the object of racist insults ( including the word `` bamboula '' ) , suffered new blows in the police car , and claims to have been photographed in a humiliating position by policemen using the snapchat . 
  at the hearing for the policeman indicted for rape , the police stated that they only hit th\u00e9o 's legs and they have no idea how th\u00e9o l. was injured . 
  as you can see there is video evidence and a rape trial there will be consequences for everyone who did wrong . 
  adama traor\u00e9 was out with his older brother , bagui , planning how to celebrate his 24th birthday that evening when police drove by looking for bagui in connection with a case . 
  but adama did n't have his id on him and tried to run . 
  hours later , he was dead in police custody . 
  i would love it if you give me details since i did n't find much . 
  what did the autopsy report say ? 
  what are the results of the investigation , why did he run ? 
   the system is oppressive and they keep going after the poors , the non-whites and political activists . 
  but hey , in the name of property , fuck police accountability , fuck the poor , and all of those who resist . 
  foodball players are n't that poor . 
  the climate activists were mostly white and r\u00e9mi fraisse was white as well . 
  political activism is n't destruction of public and private property while threatening the lives of the general population . 
  as you did see there is a rape trial , there was a trial for the kid that died by the flashbang granade and there most likely is an investigation about the death of the footballer . 
   you value private property more than human decency and solidarity . 
  a shame . 
  since when destruction , looting , burning and threatening civilians is human decency and solidarity ? 
  shame on you !, 
   when the day comes where i burn your hospital and wreck your roads you have a point . 
  then i have become an extremist . 
  ** bc my views and issues have been ignored by your democratic process . 
  bc i see no other alternative except to hurt you . 
  ** otherwise you will not listen . 
  make a political movement and go into politics if your ideas are good i have no doubt that you can achieve real results . 
  if this is n't a real alternative would you mind telling me what would be ? 
   ** what options do you give me ? 
  ** i have been ignored and downtrodden all my life . 
  i see this happen to good friends and law abiding colleagues . 
  i raise my voice and am shouted down by the ` will of the people ' .
