  now our muslims are sunni while the refugees are shi'a muslims . 
  these two religious factions are in constant conflict in the middle east , you know the war and all stuff that is going on there at this moment . 
  of course we plan to keep out treaties and contracts as we have done to this point . 
  now compare the number of refugees accepted in the [ eu in 2014 ] ( http://imgur.com/zqmgday ) and tell me again how bad we are compared to the other eu countries . 
  just make the refugee camps larger and you will solve this problem . 
  breaking the law and crossing borders illegally does n't make them any more special than criminals in my eyes . 
  do you think east european countries were the first safe countries they ventured through on their way ? 
  you probably should n't make a fool of yourself writing stupid and baseless comments . 
  [ abortion in bulgaria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abortion_in_bulgaria ) when did you legalize abortion in your country ? 
  because we did it in 27 april 1956 . 
  you do n't seem to understand that we simply do not care about the refugees . 
  we do n't hate them , we just do n't care if they are going to live or die . 
  of course i am criticizing the muslims look how they are slaughtering each other . 
  we already have muslim community in our country they are more than 10 % of the bulgarian population . 
  now our muslims are sunni while the refugees are shi'a muslims . 
  these two religious factions are in constant conflict in the middle east . 
  why do you even bother to explain propaganda ? 
  bigot / \u02c8b\u026a\u0261\u0259t / noun a person who is intolerant towards those holding different opinions . 
  if i am a bigot so are you . 
  the french and german can suck their cocks as much as they want as long as they leave us out of it . 
  its the same . 
  no , they wo n't take our jobs because we wo n't hire them in anything else than manual labor . 
  they are uneducated and do n't speak bulgarian what job do you think people like that can get ? 
  they can buy as many cars as they want as long as they have the money . 
  women in bulgaria are free to choose who to date and men do n't have a say in that . 
  now let me explain why do we have the whole ordeal with these muslim immigrants . 
  i will be using old posts because i am tired of writing the same thing over and over again . 
  so here i go : [ why bulgarians do n't like muslims ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3mrirr/refugees_dont_leave_their_conflicts_behind/cvhwf4k?context=3 ) and we managed to escape their claws in 1908 which was only 107 years ago and our wounds still hurt . 
  it was so bad that we did [ this . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revival_process ) we wo n't whine , if they start making problems we will get rid of them . 
  so why are n't they speaking for themselves ? 
  eastern europeans have much more in common than you can even imagine not to mention that we were brought even closer during the ussr era and the communism we went through . 
  where do you live ? 
  i did n't hear the western countries protesting this decision , did they agree ? 
  compare the number of refugees accepted in the [ eu in 2014 ] ( http://imgur.com/zqmgday ) and tell me again how bad we are . 
  compare the number of refugees accepted in the [ eu in 2014 ] ( http://imgur.com/zqmgday ) and tell me again how bad we are . 
  bulgaria has officially accepted 14 470 refugees by 28 may 2015 do n't know about the other countries . 
  and we have the mandatory quotas coming in from the eu as well . 
  edit :  still not found out how ` the west ' invited them either ... angela merkel said on international media that all the refugees/immigrants who want to come to the eu are welcome and that we have the capacity to take care of them . 
  said world terrorist no1, 
  the burden is that we are going to be forced to take them even if we do n't want them . 
  but the most important point is that the refugees themselves do n't want to be in our countries because we are too poor for them . 
  i can not express how much we need this . 
  we on the balkans have fought against each other for so long in history that we are blind to see our new enemies and friends in our common misfortune . 
  now this is what i call propaganda . 
  really well written , kudos to the author . 
  no , i said you should have ** expelled ** them which means before you gave them citizen status . 
  you even said it yourself . 
   so you 're saying that we should expel all the people that run away from eastern europe until the fall of communism , or that only applies to non bulgarians ? 
  communism in bulgaria fell in 1989 why did n't you expel them so they could return home and help us build our democratic country ? 
  i ca n't understand are you playing stupid or is there some other reason you are twisting my replies ? 
  have you thought about conquering the world ? 
  right ... 
  it applies to everyone without exceptions . 
  edit : if you had actually expelled the bulgarians they would have been a great help in our transition from communism to democracy since they learned a lot of things while living abroad in democratic countries . 
  until they can take care of them selves they receive everything they need housing , food , clothes and education for free from the state . 
  also `` refugee '' implies that after the war is over they are going to go back and help rebuild their country . 
  those people who stayed behind risking their lives to save their country will need the help from these who ran away to rebuild it . 
  i guess i should pack my bags and go to norway like any rational human being would do . 
  thank you for your advice . 
  you most likely had gypsies , when they go around europe they say they are bulgarians and wave around their bulgarian ids . 
  there was an proposition to write down the ethnicity of every bulgarian citizen on their id card but the parliament voted against it because people would discriminate them in the eu . 
  so now they stain our whole nation - car thefts , credit card data thefts , they even sell their children for money / if you google it you can find a lot of examples / , prostitution , drugs and break ins . 
  and when the police arrests them what do they see a bulgarian id where it says he is a bulgarian citizen but there is no mention of his ethnicity . 
  i 'm not saying that all the gypsies are like that but most of them . 
  mate are you brain dead or something ? 
  we provide them everything they need to live a descent live while they wait the war in their country to finish so they can go back and rebuild their country . 
  and you are telling me that this is n't enough because they want to immigrate to europe and take their relatives who wait in safe refugee camps instead of going back and helping the people who stayed and fought to protect their country to rebuild it ? 
  if they do n't want to rebuild their own country do you think they will love yours ? 
  you can only thank merkel that she is forcing us to keep them here . 
  so you are telling me that they do n't want a safe heaven to survive the terrors of war but they simply want to economically immigrate ? 
  why did n't they use the legal way to do so ? 
  every eu country has an immigration policy and every citizen of the world is free to apply to any country he wants to live in . 
  but i guess these guys are n't used to follow laws or rules if that is the case it 's no surprise their countries are in ruin . 
  breaking international law and sovereign countries law by pretending to be a refugee of war just to immigrate for economical reasons is disgusting !, 
  word, 
  yeah , but if you had n't noticed my post they do n't want to study . 
  bulgaria is welcoming everyone who wants to live by our laws , study and live peacefully . 
  the refugees are here only because the eu forces them to be here , they do n't want to be here !, 
  they want to to go to germany , norway , or sweden . 
  so we are left to deal with people who do n't want to be here and protest by not going to school , not learning the language , and not wanting to work but only want to get out to the richer countries . 
  people can integrate only if they want to , you ca n't force them without violating their human rights . 
  if the eu was n't forcing us to keep them here we would open our borders and let them make their way where ever they want to go . 
  we are fine with that . 
  bulgaria is willing to pay the transport costs of all refugees to norway so they can get a better education but the norwegian government declined that offer . 
  please send a complaint letter to you pm , thank you . 
  edit : we can add up the gypsies as well of course we would pay their travel expenses as well . 
  they receive free health care , housing , food and clothes from the government . 
  there are social workers which find them jobs if they ca n't find one themselves . 
  we provide free kindergarten and school for the kids , and language courses for the adults , even education if needed . 
  if they want to be safe from the war in the middle east they have all the conditions needed to live here until things settle down in their country . 
  if they want to immigrate they should have taken legal ways to do so not pretend to be refugees running from the terrors of war . 
  [ source ] ( http://euranetplus-inside.eu/refugee-crisis-divide-eu-countries/ ), 
  everyone who applied and registered as refugee of war on the territory of bulgaria but wants to go to a wealthier country for no particular reason other than receiving more money . 
  they receive free housing , food and clothes from the government . 
  the government has social workers which find them jobs if they ca n't find one themselves . 
  we provide free kindergarten and school for the kids and language courses for the adults and education if needed . 
  they are n't allowed to move until they can afford to take care of themselves . 
  if they want to be safe from the war in the middle east they have all the conditions needed to live here until things settle down in their country . 
  if they want to immigrate they should have taken legal ways to do so not pretend to be refugees running from the terrors of war .
