  also , it 's 22.3 million . 
  not a historian so i guess i 'm not really answering your question ( but i have at least above average in knowledge of history ) , but the us and allies would probably have still won the war , albeit it would take longer due to nazi germany having more resources and troops on the western front and land in the east to use for industry where the allies could n't touch it . 
  many people seem to underestimate the position the us was in at the time of ww2 . 
  their geographical position was virtually unassailable , with their only land neighbors being not only allies , but also much weaker than the us in terms of military power . 
  they also had huge amounts of resources to sink into the war effort , so the added resources nazi germany would have on the west would merely slow them down . 
  they would also have nuclear weapons while germany still would n't be defeated , so they could 've used it the same way as in japan , or using it to utterly devastate german defenses , which would give them a superb opening to deliver the final blow.after sweeping over the western front to berlin , they would 've crippled germany , which would only leave bits and pieces to clean up in the east , if germany would n't have surrendered by that point . 
  tl ; dr : it would 've taken longer , but the us ' incredible global position combined with their resources would 've still defeated nazi germany . 
  ps : i 'm obviously not a historian and i betcha a real one would 've been able to go on for hours explaining this stuff . 
  the funding and permission is already provided , and i do n't think this community of bosnian muslims should be denied the center because qatar wants to fund when no one else will . 
  not that many , they 're mostly bosnian muslim immigrants that moved during yugoslavia or the war . 
  ** translation : ** * the foundation for the islamic cultural center has officially begun with mayor zoran jankovi\u0107 and islamic mufti ned\u017ead grabus symbolically pouring the concrete for the foundation . 
  also in attendance was qatari ambassador ali khalfan al-mansouri , who expressed satisfaction with the commencing of construction . 
  * the finished center will include a mosque , a washroom for ceremonial washing , educational , residential and administrative facilities , a parking lot , restaurant and a gym.the foundation of the center will be a 24m tall cube with a blue cupola above the praying grounds . 
  it will be adorned with a 40m minaret . 
  * this follows a years long debate about the need for the mosque and center , which was closed when the city council of ljubljana unanimously voted for the construction of the center . 
  the mufti has stated that for 40 years until now , muslims have had to walk the streets of ljubljana with their heads bowed , which this center will change . 
  * the mayor also said * `` we live together , respect each other , cooperate and maybe we can transfer this positive energy not only through slovenia , but also throughout europe '' * * the building and infrastructure will cost 22.3 million euros , 11.5 of which was already funded by qatar . 
  where the remaining money will come from is for now a mystery . 
  edit : the only thing qatar wants for funding is a plaque saying they funded , for now.this is not a qatari project . 
  woah there pal , slovenia has a tiny piece of land considered to be in the [ balkans ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkans ) , even though we 'll only say we 're part of the balkans when it suits us , which you will notice me doing right now . 
  the kara\u0111or\u0111evi\u0107 dynasty would 've collapsed way quicker . 
  not only did they act like absolutists in an alleged constitutional monarchy ( they even dropped the pretense for 5 years ( 1929-1934 ) , which only ended because the king was assassinated ) , they also were n't very well liked to begin with . 
  if they came back to power after the war , they would 've been deposed by another group who would 've gained favor with the people ( possibly aligned with nato or the warsaw pact ) or would 've been turned into a puppet regime by said powers . 
  yugoslavia became a better and much more stable place without them ( no shooting in parliament , yay ) for a time , and tito was most certainly a better alternative . 
  edit : ok , i think i know what you 're trying to say . 
  nobody cares about the point you 're trying to make when you 're using violence , because people see you destroying shit and decide you are n't worth listening to . 
  ironically , the rioters were protesting against the rich and against corporations , but the damage they 've done will be repaired with taxpayer euros . 
  can you not ? 
  we 've had numerous angry internet arguments a few months ago , we do n't need to open this particular can of worms again . 
  i 'm pretty sure most whistleblowers know getting assassinated is a risk before they go through with the act . 
  i 'm not even concerned . 
  the way i see it , even if the ttip gets through the eu parliament it still has to go through all 27 national parliaments ( [ one of which , syriza in greece , has already stated they are n't ratifying ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/trade-society/syriza-led-greek-parliament-will-never-ratify-ttip-311719 ) ) and the european council ( which syriza is a part of ) . 
  considering how much negativity the ttip is sorrounded with even when the negotiators are doing everything in their legal power to keep it as obscure as possible , the chance of it passing is just getting lower as it approaches finalization . 
  why is the sign on the ambulance the wrong way around yet the police and taxi are the right way . 
  i 'd go with either austria or croatia , probably croatia . 
  austria because we could get on our way to reuniting the empire !, 
  and croatia because they 're cool dudes and dudettes . 
  a `` debt driven card house economy '' is what allows the us to have 53000 $ dollars per capita vs russia 's 14000 $ . 
  next week : czech republic builds new capital called `` casterly rock '' . 
  yes , when it 's close . 
  but when it 's far away , a very slight change in trajectory will make it miss . 
  we have to fund bounty hunters and tell them to act as pirates , and since smugglers are republic they ca n't cooperate . 
  a fool proof plan . 
  de facto vs de jure : it is n't supposed to be a guideline , but nato would n't throw a member out if they failed to meet the 2 % gdp requirement so de facto it 's a guideline . 
  not true , we did n't get a goodwill rock , yugoslavia did . 
  if i dared to guess , the rock was probably `` inherited '' by serbia . 
  it 's just a guess though , and if they actually split the rock between the republics do feel free to correct me . 
  it 's more like a guideline . 
   now the revamped particle smasher is 60 % more powerful than before for a machine to smashes shit together at near light speed that sentence does n't make me feel very safe . 
  edit : jesus fucking christ , i was joking , people, 
  you better , you landlocked pretender . 
  croatians would never paint their seaside houses like that . 
  by triglav do you mean our [ warship !, 
  that 's what i meant by yugos , immigrants from other republics of yugoslavia . 
  the yugos are gon na beat the shit out of you in ljubljana m8 . 
  ca n't argue there . 
  seems like an ultimatum to the troika - `` work with us or we 'll work with russia . '', 
  oh , he 's everyone 's collective hat salesman . 
  is n't he the guy who asked germany for ww2 reparations ? 
  do n't know how realistic this goal actually is . 
  russia is n't in an economic situation to lower prices on pretty much their main export . 
  and the troika has greece in a stranglehold so they can just threaten to not help out next time if greece goes through with this.and i 'm fairly sure the greek government knows all of this already , so this just seems like another defiant move against the troika than anything else . 
  edit : englosh herd, 
  croatia , it 's almost the same as slovenia except different language i already know and more clay . 
  you can say that because you know what happened . 
  if you do n't actually know there 's a crazy pilot flying your plane then it 's a completely reasonable assumption that the door is stuck and we 're landing to fix it . 
  i do n't think it 's very likely it 'll go through . 
  these things usually get a lot more attention the closer they are to getting through ( thing sopa ) and the more attention it gets , the more campaigns will be spurred and will grow that are against the ttip , these movements will put pressure on politicians and politicians are very inclined to change their stance when their job is on the line . 
  this might not actually be needed as well , because any single national party in any eu country which has a parliamentary majority can choose to not ratify the agreement which is basically a veto . 
  greece 's syriza has already [ publicly stated ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/trade-society/syriza-led-greek-parliament-will-never-ratify-ttip-311719 ) that they will not ratify it in it 's current form . 
  not only can a national parliament veto it , but a european council member can as well ( they are eu heads of state ) . 
  tl ; dr : i do n't think it has much of a chance of passing if it were to be ratified tomorrow , much less many months from now . 
  and that useful stuff can usually be bought from someone else , you 're also overestimating the profit that extracting this `` useful stuff '' can be when you compare it to the cost of building up infrastructure and handling logistics in a place as huge as russia . 
  did n't wan na die from bolognese sauce overdose anyway . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  in slovenia it 's common to insultingly refer to italians as * makaronarji * , which means macaroni people ( and not in any conceivable good way ) . 
  common stereotypes portray italians waving their hand with thumb , index and middle finger combined while talking , not knowing a word of english , being short and having dark , slicked ( * polizane * = licked ) back hair , and being loud . 
  you 're also going to find a * trst je na\u0161 !, 
  * ( trieste is ours ! ), 
  graffiti in just about every town with a population over 1000 people . 
  there 's also the common stereotype about betraying their allies or surrendering or being completely useless at war . 
  edit : and of course : mafia controls all of italy and equating italians to berlusconi . 
  no more than western europeans . 
  in fact , due to communism , it matters even less . 
  someone believes something that hitler among thousands of others believed and it 's automatically supporting hitler 's ideas , genious !, 
  might as well go out on the street and call everyone with hair a nazi because hey , hitler had hair . 
  the problem yugoslavia would have is that slovenia borders austria and italy , two relatively wealthy and large countries . 
  war on their borders would mean refugees on their doorstep . 
  if they would n't get involved directly they would double the effort to get the us/nato in there asap . 
  italy - meals are very large , tourist sites look much bigger in person , it 's very dirty , i do n't think traffic laws exist . 
  ( rome ), 
  i think it 's just generalizing because people see one homeless guy drinking beer and assume all they do is spend all the money they gain from begging to buy alcohol/drugs . 
  obvious secret message to valve detected . 
  it sounds really weird in english because sun is so close to son . 
  we say `` jebem ti sunce '' ( = i 'm fucking your sun ) we were trying to be cool and misheard it . 
  this ca n't be right , there 's not a chance in hell that 42 % of slovenians speak german . 
  both are bad , but i 'd rather have us hegemony than russian hegemony . 
  while i agree with you , it was always strongly implied that it was nukes , no one ever talked about taking away iraq 's chemical weapons , everyone talked about taking away their imaginary nuclear weapons . 
   i heard that solar panels last no more than 10 years for example . 
  not quite .
