  yeah , but the group that has the smallest concentration of spine happen to be politicians . 
  against . 
  slovenia has low immigration from africa and most would like for it to stay that way ( including me ) . 
  if bigger countries want less immigration they should turn back boats while they 're in the sea , i 'd be all for that . 
  for those who only read the title : * this is only in the uk , for now . 
  * this concerns private copies , so unless the police are doing home searches it is n't really enforcable and using ripped copies for public displays was already illegal . 
  * this was made possible because of european union copyright directive ( 2001/29 ) . 
  * the government was defending the law in court against the uk music industry , but the court felt that they failed to produce evidence that private copies do little to no harm to the copyright owner . 
  edit : i do n't know why the government had to prove the law does little to no harm , even if it is backwards . 
  stop asking . 
  so the imf is basically the iron bank . 
  mission accoplished , no more fresh food needs to be thrown away . 
  hard to do on a truck that 's moving even slowly , and if the companies would invest into some high quality locks then it would probably be cheaper to just buy your way into a country . 
  are these immigrants all david god damn copperfield or something . 
  just lock the damn lorry door , problem solved . 
  tito 's rule was pretty much the golden age of yugoslavia , although nostalgia has a lot to play in that considering what happened after he died . 
  more like trying to fit in with austria , but we do n't have low enough unemployment so they send us off , and then we go to our balkan friends and they say we w\u00f6rk too much and need to replace `` ja '' with `` da '' , so we just cry ourselves to sleep while conspiring against italy . 
  and then we remember hungary exists but we do n't care about them . 
   they are worst slav !, 
  joke 's on you . 
  we 're not even slavic , we 're just really shitty germoslavs attempting to fit in with everyone and failing horribly . 
   faster than your home internet not that hard to achieve for a lot of people really . 
  penalties also include not going to preventive check-ups for malignant diseases ( cancer ) . 
  watch you fingers , you might cut yourself on that edge . 
  because most politicians will only take action when their voters start voting for someone else . 
  we just need to wait for those far right and anti-migrant parties to gain some more steam before we can expect action . 
  you interrogate them , or offer one guy and his family the option to stay if he rats the others out . 
  the white/black ones do n't look right . 
  that was a joke . 
   i also find it surprising not to see a lot of discussion of this subject in this subreddit there 's a new thread about some ttip related article about once per week , but until new developments come , we 're just discussing old news . 
  when something new happens , i 'm sure someone will get right on it . 
   is this truly an attempt to put in place a systematic loophole for american corporations to be able to inject their crap in the european markets ? 
  not at it 's core , but it 's a major side effect . 
  the ttip at it 's core is supposed to be a free trade agreement , pure and simple . 
  however , corporations are throwing huge amounts of money to lobby their agenda into the ttip , which is usually to make it easier to turn a profit at the expense of your average citizen ( by rolling back benefits , worker 's rights , ... ) . 
   how close are we to this disaster ? 
  despite what you may have heard from your friendly neighborhood doomsayer , it 's not actually that bad , yet . 
  negotiations are currently stagnating as proponents ( mostly in the us ) of the ttip struggle to gain support for it in europe . 
  greece 's syriza has already officially stated they will not ratify the agreement , which effectively means they 've got a europe wide veto , as does any eu country . 
  backlash will also increase as this thing gets closer to release and inevitably must reveal it 's dirty , stinky contents . 
  since the question is feared/powerful , how are jewel thieves scarier than the mafia . 
  fully agreed , i ca n't wait for the border to open up . 
  np ps : really miss you plundering my shit , drop by soon xoxo, 
  i 'll light a bonfire to warn my countrymen next time i see turks if it makes you feel any better . 
  yeah , what he said . 
  awful places , these eastern , southern and central european `` nations '' ( if you could call them that ) . 
  now the uk , that 's where the party 's at . 
  t'was a joke , because they 're communist . 
  you can talk about work while not working !, 
   * `` u wot m8 ? 
  as opposed to those , the european robin lives only in europe . 
  it 's a joke counter to the american bald eagle on reddit . 
  more casualties does n't mean more contribution , it means you 're content with using soldiers as cannon fodder . 
  it is known that in the early part of the war when the ussr was poorly equiped , they sent 2 soldiers and 1 gun which the other guy picked up when the first guy died . 
  things like ukip getting 12 . something percent of the vote and 0.2 % of the seats , and they 're not the only ones . 
  i mean i like ukip as much as the next guy , but this kinda stuff should n't be happening . 
  real sorry for that then , it 's kinda hard to detect through a text based medium . 
  true , but the us was attacked by japan only and still fought against germany as well . 
  the us is also an ocean away from germany , while the ussr was next door . 
  let 's just take a moment to also remember that the ussr was completely content with germany fucking shit up as long as it was n't their shit . 
  is there any talk of anything being done about the mess that fptp has created this year or is it gon na get blown over ? 
  a continent away does n't mean anything , because germany could still be invaded from britain or france or through the balkans . 
  the only way to invade the us would be through the sea , and transporting troops there against navies like the uk or the us is certain suicide . 
  and because of that single advantage , the us would never need to fight a defensive war , it 's all offense . 
  germany would have to spread their forces thin to protect all of their flanks , make sure any of those conquests got their resistance movements , which would grow huge , kept in check or destroyed . 
  then they need the infrastructure to move and supply all of these soldiers . 
  and that 's just defensive , then comes offense , which is a project just as big in and of itself . 
  also , you 're underestimating the growth of the us millitary . 
  while the german army was at it 's peak around 1941-1942 , while the us was at it 's peak in 1945 and was growing out of proportion . 
  germany would n't be able to stand against the huge , advanced and well trained army that the us had . 
  the nuke would n't have to be used against a city , it could be used to blow a hole in the defense and get that massive army in there , at which point it 's not if , it 's when . 
  let 's first get the notion that german americans and italian americans were n't interned , because [ they were . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internment_of_german_americans ) they interned the ones they though of as security risks : overwhelmingly nationals and people with strong ties to people in germany . 
  these people were all individually looked over and interned if they were deemed suspicious . 
  the reason you only ever hear about the japanese getting interned is because virtually all of them from the west coast ( 120000 ) were interned , despite if they were deemed suspicious or not . 
  so as you can see , the us did n't see the rest of those many german and italian americans as suspicious , because they were integrated into american society so well that they did n't feel german or italian , they felt american . 
  if these people decided to protest the government , it would be a vast minority of german americans . 
  the government would most likely do the same to them as they did to japanese americans , lock them in camps until the end of the war . 
  i 'm not saying it 's right mind you , not at all . 
  but it would be what would probably happen . 
  as was said before , they might 've been of german ancestry , but they were american first , which was a sentiment which just increased in ww2 , a very small amount would feel a difference compared to bombing japan . 
  you 're overestimating ancestry , i 'm part hungarian , part serbian , but mostly slovenian and i do n't think of either of the former countries as anything else than foreign nations . 
  i will now proceed to use my newly gained immortality to eat hamburgers with bacon and eggs for the rest of eternity . 
  i can now die in peace . 
  that remains to be seen . 
  the muslims here are very not fundamentalist ( i do n't know the word ) and from what i 've seen of the mufti on television and read interviews , he 's definitely slovenian first and muslim second , as are the muslims i know personally . 
  i 'm not going to judge the success of this project when it 's barely started . 
  i 'm also not going to judge the slovenian muslim community based on the actions of fundamentalist arab countries on another continent . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , we have n't had any trouble with them , and that 's looking likely to continue . 
  it 's big and tall , but it 's definitely not massive , most of the cost is for all the equipment and infrastructure ( do n't forget they need to build a road , pull electricity cables and internet cables , among other things ) . 
  and most slovenians see no problem with it , we 're quite content with letting anyone do their own thing as long as they 've got their own cash to do it and it does n't negatively effect us . 
  as long as the us stays a dominant power , they 're going to make sure communism , or rather their victory in the cold war , wo n't be forgotten . 
  so we 're good . 
  well , the mosque is only a part of the center ( although it 's obviously the most important part ) , there 's a lot more that 's going to be in there , and it 's supposedly going to be very modern ( expected at that kind of price ) . 
  exactly , resistance movements would be common and large , the infrastructure would be positively rekt . 
  although it was probably too late to stop the us entering ever since they allied with japan , because japan was inevitably going to attack the us , thus dragging it into the war . 
  also , the ussr was possibly already preparing to go to war with germany , they just did n't expect germany to attack first , and so soon . 
  which is why they were getting destroyed at first . 
  muslims make up 2.2 % of the slovenian population , which comes out at about 44000 . 
  obviously not all of them will go to this mosque , but i reckon it 's quite enough .
