  we 're not even on there . 
  i was n't referring to the us when mentioning the crime . 
  and it 's not the fact that they 're immigrants that causes this , it 's the fact that they 're dirt poor . 
  sure , but they 've also got a government debt that amounts to 237 % of gdp . 
  they also posses a ticking time bomb of a huge aging population . 
  bigger does n't always mean better . 
  no , what he 's suggesting is that poor migrants from muslim africa are more likely to commit these crimes as opposed to middle class germans . 
  and it only takes a small amount of such occurrences to cause a chain reaction that will cause a much larger uprising . 
  this can be clearly seen in the us , where a small amount of wrongful shootings of african americans by the police can cause riots . 
  and something tells me that when anti-migrant protests and riots start occurring in europe , the police will not take to the protection of migrants with much zeal . 
   if ww2 has any bearing on this topic it does n't , the state of the post-ww2 world is so widely different to today that this is n't a valid comparison in the slightest . 
  get in line , buddy . 
  maybe your experience with children in the uk is different , but i 'm at least 79 % certain normal children do n't trash kindergartens . 
  keep us out of this man , we 're quite happy competing with alpine countries in winter sports since we 're shit in summer sports . 
  that 's a strange way of saying iraqi army and iraq war . 
  there are few retail stores that have a large selection of games . 
  i can only think of one which is in the capital and is a general tech store . 
  we have a few slovenian internet stores . 
  prices are the same as steam prices in these stores : new games cost 50 $ -60 $ , games that are a few years old are usually 25 $ -40 $ and old games stop at 10 $ . 
  slovenia is obviously too small to have games localised , so this is the price we had to deal with for a while . 
  notably , these stores do n't have sales like steam does . 
  this means that the only way to get games at reasonable prices is to buy them on sale or buy them from online key stores . 
  and since the former takes time , the latter is picking up on popularity a lot . 
  so when it comes to the games we buy ( exclusively multiplayer ) , these key sellers have basically been a godsend , it 's not uncommon to save something like 20 $ buying from them . 
  we just pirate the rest , which has been the go-to way for a very long time . 
  so basically eastern europe stays the same with game prices at ludicrous levels compared to salaries . 
  game companies would probably make more money here if they reduced the prices because the current consensus for buying games is : single player - pirate it , no exceptions ; multiplayer - buy it cheap from online key shops . 
  i do n't know a single gamer in slovenia that does n't regulary pirate games . 
  and keep in mind that slovenia has the [ highest monthly wage in eastern europe . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) the usual aaa game price is about 50 $ , which is about the same as a months worth of food for one person . 
  both of which are true . 
  every surface has imperfections so a ricochet is never 100 % and you 're gon na be hard pressed to get a ricochet at a flat angle . 
  do n't bother replying anymore , i wo n't , because you 're an idiot . 
  that point was more to prove that it 's soft enough for a bullet to go through . 
  if you actually read my comment past the first 5 words , you 'd have read that i said a bullet can ricochet at sharp angles , but i suppose you reading is a bit too much to ask , is n't it . 
  hey , look !, 
  it 's the elusive reddit physicist whose main argument for everything is `` i think that 's wrong because i think it is . '', 
  your input is appreciated , oh great / u/senseiswag . 
  / s if you think i 'm wrong you can provide your own evidence as to why i 'm wrong, 
  the pavement and the building walls are too soft to ricochet a bullet . 
  if the bullet hit a surface at a very sharp angle then a ricochet is possible . 
  source : there 's a shooting range in slovenia located in an abandoned factory . 
  i accidentally fired off a gun while in had it pointed down , luckily did n't hit my foot , but the bullet burried itself in the concrete . 
  i agree , paintings do n't work , so they do n't belong here . 
  was n't there a report leaked from google that stated that a vast majority of `` right to be forgotten '' requests were just ordinary people that did n't want to conceal some big scandal . 
  i think that the existence of the many people ( a very small minority ) that you apparently know should n't take the right away from your average joes . 
  yeah , but that 's because saying `` sir '' makes you sound like you 've got a cork stuck up your ass , at least in a non-formal environment . 
  they tried . 
  the elefant tank destroyers were recycled porsche tiger hulls with a big gun on it . 
  the porche tiger competed with the henschel tiger to be the tiger of choice , but lost . 
  there 's no mention of right wing countries that are doing just fine debt and economy wise ( ex . 
  germany ) . 
  also , obama and the us democrats are centre-right . 
  * i 've never heard of drinking being illegal in public , so it 's either legal or not enforced at all . 
  * that 's not weed , that 's a [ water pipe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hookah ) , which is used for smoking flavored tobacco ( ex . 
  apple flavored ) . 
  * you 've got ta be some kind of oversensitive person if you think a couple of people quietly ( giving them the benefit of the doubt here ) minding their own business are obnoxious . 
  although you could make a case for it if those cars next to them are n't theirs . 
  * ditto for them posting it on facebook . 
  what they post on social media to their friends is entirely their business . 
  all in all , i do n't know why you decided to post this . 
  there 's nothing about this photo that 's noticeably `` eastern european '' . 
  you 're judging them for taking a photo of a group activity of at worst questionable legality and posting it on reddit and trying to look smart by shitting on them because they `` think they 're cool '' and having by your standards questionable fashion sense . 
  sure there is . 
  if a traditional event involves killing animals then it 's traditional killing of animals . 
  by your logic any holiday that involves eating a certain meat ( ex . 
  thanksgiving , easter ) are also not traditional , because the animals need to be killed to get the meat . 
  everything is a business decision in politics , because staying in power is the politicians ' business . 
  leading parties will always bend their `` humanitarian policies '' towards the votes if they want to remain leading parties . 
  if the last negotiations are anything to go by , they 're just lending until they 're at a safe enough distance to let your economy fail without much consequences to themselves . 
  that edge is quite sharp , but a quick look at a map quickly shows that greek lies in europe , so you are european . 
  also , nobody has expected greece to pay back their loans in the last 4 years , buddy . 
  i like putin as much as the next guy , but making a picture of him with bullets from a warzone you believe he 's responsible for screams propaganda more than anything else . 
  until people start getting pissed off and start voting in far right parties that take being called hitler as a compliment . 
  make a strawpoll . 
  i never said there was a polish empire , learn to read . 
  if you 're thinking the eastern part of eastern europe ( belarus , ukraine , russia , romania , . . ) then yeah , they were for the most part undeveloped and lagged behind the rest of europe . 
  but the western part of eastern europe ( czechoslovakia , poland , slovenia and croatia ) were almost as developed as central and western europe throughout recent history ( renaissance and onward ) because they were either under central european rule ( czechoslovakia , croatia and slovenia under holy roman empire , austrian empire ) or they had to directly compete with these empires ( poland , although it usually just got ganged up on ) . 
  ever heard the quote `` history repeats itself '' ? 
  observing statistical trends allows you to predict and prevent or prepare for future events . 
  paying no heed to statistics is the same as ignoring history and is just as dangerous as letting pure statistics paint the picture . 
  a really small part of the southern border is geographically balkan , so we can say we 're balkan if it ever suits us ( very rare ) . 
  it 's gdp in english . 
  how else would you describe that referendum ? 
  it was a loaded as hell question , the government did n't even try to look like they were neutral and it had exactly zero effect in the end , because now they have to enact even worse austerity measures against their electorate 's wishes . 
  what it looks like to me is the government trying to take the piss on it 's creditors one last time . 
  my approach looks pretty good to me , as opposed to you trying to guilt trip me or something . 
  how is protecting your interests and trying to make sure your money ( which you probably wo n't see again ) will go to the right place a lack of solidarity towards a country that has in the last few months acted in bad faith almost just for the sake of it . 
  and we 'd finally have a bloody coastline worth a damn ( \uff89 \u25d5 \u30ee \u25d5 ) \uff89 * : \uff65 \uff9f \u2727, 
  it 's probably not meant to look good , it 's supposed to play on the family centric and anti-gay rhetoric in russia . 
  saying something did n't happen does n't make it any less real . 
  reality does n't obey legality . 
  the baltic republics were annexed by the soviet union , the soviet union signed the warsaw pact , the baltics were in the warsaw pact . 
  this is why bouncy castles usually come with spikes and ropes to ground them . 
   [ shame . 
  i see a lot of people , but i would n't put my money on hundreds of thousands . 
  maybe get an article that states the numbers and has a source . 
  it thought it struct from a certain black and white spirit of hatred . 
  well , there was this pretty big ( 300.000 people ) protest against gays in italy a few days ago . 
  about a 100 modern tanks , that 's a lot .
