  solar panels lose efficiency over time . 
  [ a panel is expected to retain about 80 % efficiency after 25 years . 
  ] ( http://energyinformative.org/lifespan-solar-panels/ ), 
  solar brings about it 's own set of problems as well . 
  also , the idea that you can put all of your power generation into one source ( especially an unreliable one like solar ) is ridiculous , you always have to be diversified in case one source is n't performing ( a cloudy day ) . 
  the president of the us can only serve two 4-year terms . 
  so it would be trump for 2016 - 2024 . 
  edit : in fact , it would be 2017-2025 , because barrack obama will hand over the presidency on the 20th of january 2017 and assuming that trump would be elected for 2 terms , he would hand over the presidency on the 20th of january 2025 , or become us emperor for life . 
   slovenia has turbo polka a tragedy if i 've ever seen one . 
  civilization is [ can be spelt both ways . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civilization ), 
  tfw you hate everyone . 
  are you suggesting you 're not all muscle-bound fishermen in striped sailor shirts with a shaved widow 's peak and a round face ? 
  they can already adopt because it 's allowed for only one person to adopt , they just ca n't adopt as a couple . 
   fraught with tears and stress erm ... gay people can already get into civil unions and adopt children . 
  i do n't they 're really stressing and crying over this result . 
  gay people can already adopt because only one person can already adopt . 
  there are currently same sex unions , but it is n't marriage . 
  this law would make it possible for homosexuals to legit marry . 
  that 's why it 's marriage equality . 
  i do n't really know what advantages marriage has over a civil union though . 
  this kind of campaigning is largely the reason why i 'm voting yes . 
  i 'm pro lgbt , but i really would n't lose any sleep if they did n't have marriage equality . 
  however , these against campaigners choose to be intellectually dishonest and willingly mislead people into thinking that this law is all about adoption when it really just redefines marriage into a union of two persons and it also adds same sex definitions to the incest laws . 
  the main reason i can see that it 's apparently so close is because the against campaigners have made the issue overwhelmingly about children and gay people adopting children and how children will be affected by having two mothers or two fathers . 
  here 's the kicker : gay people can already adopt , but only one parent can be the legal guardian and after the referendum , both parents will be legal guardians . 
  both parents being legal guardians can only be good for a child because circumstances such needing the legal guardian 's permission for something and even the legal guardian parent dying ( and the child being sent back to an orphanage i assume ) are instantly made better or resolved . 
  i have 2 friends who are planning to vote against but are completely unaware of this fact so basically a lot of people are mislead into thinking this law is centrally about adoption , when that is barely changed . 
  note : the against camp are largely not anti-gay . 
  a spokesperson even said on radio that they have no problem with the changes to definition of marriage ( to a union between two people ) , they only care about [ the children . 
  ] ( http://watchdog.org/wp-content/blogs.dir/1/files/2015/10/think-of-the-children.jpg ), 
  i assume you 're criticizing the occurance where a man was arrested for giving out jury nullification fliers in front of a courthouse . 
  this was completely legitimate because handing these fliers out in front of a courthouse is seen as influencing a jury . 
  had he been handing these out anywhere else , he would n't have been arrested . 
  and in any case , the oh-so-mighty jury nullification that reddit seems to worship so much is completely useless , because a jury can proclaim someone `` not guilty '' and the judge can not overturn it , even if there 's literal video evidence of the defendant commiting the act . 
  edit : to add , the simple reason that jury nullification is kept as secret as possible and people that know about it are usually dismissed as jurors is because jurors that are aware of jury nullification are more likely to base their judgement of the case on sympathy as opposed to fact . 
  they can consider countries like that on a case by case basis . 
  there is no varying definition here . 
  poverty in slovenia is just about the same , except for gypsies . 
  he is radical and far left by us standards . 
  only left by european standards . 
  it 's all relative . 
  who are the tier 1 ? 
  do n't know why someone downvoted you . 
  buses will take you to a lot more places than a train will . 
  except in summer , because traffic jams on every major road through western croatia . 
  text is a really shit way to show sarcasm . 
  and it 's not like someone saying this would be out of the ordinary in threads like these.just stick to a '' / s '' next time . 
   ustasha bastards engendered the whole syrian civil war you ca n't be serious . 
  i 'm not talking about how easy it is as opposed to how much of it there is . 
  i went to a computer science school in secondary school and just as i and all of everyone except the teachers called it , i do n't need physics , chemistry , art , history , sociology or business . 
  this stuff is for primary school to show you everything you can take a stab at in higher schooling or for grammar school where people that do n't know what the fuck they want to be be . 
  it 's k i guess . 
  primary school is a joke because it 's easy as fuck and you ca n't even fail if your parents do n't agree to you repeating a class . 
  secondary school depends on what school you attend , but it 's generally all over the place . 
  i think there 's too much shit that stundents that do n't go to grammar schools should n't need to learn and usually forget as soon as they pass the corresponding test . 
  also it feels like there 's absolutely no guidelines for teachers on how to teach . 
  every teacher has a different style of teaching which results in teachers that could be teaching you about the intricacies of paint drying and make everyone pay attention and teachers that could put you to sleep in a robot fighting class . 
  universities are better . 
  still some useless shit but less , and nobody gives a shit about how you go about it as long as you do it . 
  tl/dr : could be better . 
  lots of useless shit i 'd throw out to lighten the workload . 
  not at all . 
  different countries negotiated the ttp which means focus goes to different places and at different levels . 
  the outline will be similar , but that 's it . 
  do n't worry about it little america, 
   our languages are 99 % the same , that our cultures are 99 % the same speak for yourself, 
   - ic is pretty much anywhere in the balkans - i\u0107 to be more precise . 
  decriminalized means that if you 're caught with weed , they still seize it and you pay a fine , but you will never go to jail for it . 
  it may depend on the country . 
  i got my nose broken in a fight before and did n't have to pay anything and i consider that retarded shit . 
  i do know that if you go to the er , it 's only covered if your personal doctor is n't available or it 's a really big emergency . 
  our healthcare system makes their injuries the government 's problem . 
  read the article , it mentions that the police are understaffed , under-equipped and frequently forced to work overtime . 
  i would be pretty angry if i 'm expected to potentially risk my well being , but am given insufficient resources to minimize that risk . 
  they 're nationalist by definition . 
   but only a small minority of english people support ukip 12.6 % is a minority , but i would not consider it a small minority . 
  it 's a step down from the minorities that support either labour or tories , both of which i would consider `` sizable minorities '' . 
   scottish nationalist party scottish national party . 
  nationalist is n't the same as national . 
  albanians own quite a lot of bakeries and kebab joints in slovenia as well . 
  i highly doubt a facebook post significantly worsened the reputation of the eu in the uk . 
  and even if it would , that would reflect poorly on the people of the uk more than anyone else . 
  also the eu 's reputation in the uk does n't mean shit anymore . 
  this is said to be the oldest living thing in europe , not on the planet . 
  want to look like an edgelord redditor ? 
  just hate on people doing what they want to be doing . 
  how do you lose a laptop to a virus ? 
  it 's not like they fry hardware , you just need to at most reinstall windows and it 's fine . 
  the uk does n't give them to nations , it gives them to people . 
  just because they 're from another country does n't make them that country 's representitive . 
  the state owns that , so it 's public property which you need a fishing license to fish in . 
  the state regulates how much fish can be caught to prevent overfishing . 
  that comparison is stupid , because someone can actually privately own land and the crops on it . 
  you ca n't privately own the sea and the fish that happen to be there at that moment . 
  also , crops that are planted by people for people ca n't be endangered or go extinct . 
   a failed state citation needed, 
  you know what he meant . 
  if you 're gon na criticice that , go criticise everyone who says `` britain '' instead of uk . 
  damn , that 's cheap .
