i was n't against the fact that the uk is ( possibly ) having this referendum , i 'm just pointing out that even though you point out most eurosceptics in britain want reform , you 're still having a referendum on leaving , which sort of defeats the purpose of reforming . 
  and yet you 're having a referendum if the tories get elected again . 
  but most of those eurosceptics in the eu are the kind that want eu reform and better management of the euro etc. 
  very few consider leaving the eu to be a good option . 
  note to self : if ever in hungary , do n't download wow . 
  wait , were n't russia and belarus supposed to be cool , what happened ? 
  is it connected to the whole sausage fiasco ? 
  tito is generally considered a pretty cool guy . 
  comments should still be up/downvoted based on that perticular comment 's content and not based on the contents of another comment he made . 
  i was always told that ljubljana ( slovenia 's capital ) is a pretty clean place in general but i always thought this was 90 % boasting and that rich western & southern european capitals were way cleaner . 
  then i went to rome and proceeded to see litter and unkept property almost everywhere ( dog poo right litterally right outside the vatican ) . 
  i proceeded to look up online if this is exclusive to rome and apparently other large cities are similar in this aspect . 
  which i guess makes sense , since they are so much larger and harder to take care of , but come on . 
  so i guess this changed my perspective of a lot of countries . 
  bratu\u0161ek is completely incompetent . 
  she failed to keep a government together and now she becomes vice president in juncker 's commission . 
  shoot me . 
  native language is slovenia and i speak fluent english + some basic french and learning german . 
  as far as yugo languages go , i can understand serbs , croats and bosniaks fine since their words are common slang in slovenia and anything that is n't known is generally similar enough that you can make the connection . 
  edit : i can read said yugo languages as well since it 's all `` write as you speak '' , apart from serbian because it uses cyrillic writing . 
  bratu\u0161ek 's appointment should n't be allowed . 
  she was the head of government and appointed herself before her government collapsed , probably because she knew it was going to collapse and decided to abuse power while she still held any . 
  edit : + she knows about as much about anything digital and innovative as most politicians in slovenia , fuck all . 
  but why , we 're all friends , right ? 
  why are some parts of their skin pale ? 
  you wish . 
  you can send people to teach them how to grow food effectively themselves . 
  christians hardly outnumber muslims by a lot , only by about 37 % ( 2.2 bln christians vs 1.6 bln muslims ) . 
  and in my experience ( with muslims who immigrated to slovenia from the balkans ) , muslims are generally more religiously active than christians . 
  honestly , until big countries like russia and china stop abusing their influence to basically draw their borders where ever they want in their weaker neighbours , i 'm completely okay with us hegemony in organizations like nato and the world on a whole ( as you pointed out , they 're barely challenged ) because for all the circlejerking some of us like to spill of `` us is an evil corporate hellhole that likes to drop bombs in the shape of bald eagles to get their oil '' i think we 've seen with russia taking crimea and china claiming anything that has a derivative of the word `` china '' in it 's name that if you consider us hegemony an `` evil '' , it 's definitely the far lesser evil when compared to the alternative . 
  that looks like some kinda science-fiction asteroid mining facility . 
  that sounds ominous . 
  i wish all bigger cities ( top 10 biggest ( which are n't even that big ) ) had an ics line to the capital . 
  the only thing ingenious about that graffiti is the sentence . 
  it 's still one of those really ugly quick spray things , which is understandable because the guy that drew the graffiti probably had to dash after drawing stuff on a giant important church . 
  so it 's like ljubljana-zagreb ( capital-capital ) ? 
  because the only slovenian cities that are big enough to warrant those trains are ljubljana ( 274k people ) or maribor ( 94k people ) and maybe i 'd add koper ( 24k people ) because it 's far enough way and it 's pretty important what with the only harbor in slovenia . 
  i think i 'll just trust you on your word and skip the page . 
  i mean how do they extract the sperm . 
  do they just jerk the goat off ? 
  i 'm sure if we had more of those train that are in the picture , more people would be taking the train . 
  that aside , there 's still a lot of people taking trains because trains might be going to a bigger city on one end of slovenia and their home village is along the way while buses just take the highway . 
  one of our biggest churches has a `` jesus had 2 dads '' graffiti on it . 
  what 's more intriguing than the fact that someone exports goat sperm to russia is how the hell they collect this sperm.especially in high enough quantities . 
  china is also an option , but they export less than half as much agricultural products as the netherlands ( because they have 1.3 bln people to feed ) . 
  and becoming china 's bitch is probably not the greatest idea ever . 
  edit : actually , brazil and china are already exporting a lot of agricultural products to russia ( out of the banned countries , only germany tops china ) . and they 're already exporting from turkey , ukraine and belarus.they really will have to dig deep to find someone to replace the banned ones . 
  might i add , i 've seldom seen the train listed here for slovenia , the most common train i see ( going to ljubljana to school every morning ) is [ this kind ] ( http://imgur.com/yyqgqhy ) . 
  and either the train is slower than a goddamn bus or the railway is bad because taking a train which has no traffic or a bus which goes through trafic takes the same amount of time to get from point a to point b. 
  oh my god and the building has no door so they have to take a helicopter to the top and jump into one of the pineapple leaves which are actually giant slides into diffrent departments.we 've got some gold here folks . 
  i do n't know . 
  something something german porn something . 
  well , not all politicians are good looking , so you could kinda look at that while looking in the speaker 's general direction . 
  or churches . 
  a little off topic , back when i was younger and we still had cable tv and no internet , i would sometimes just switch to orf ( i did n't know a word of german ( apart from borrowed words ) at the time ) and just stare at the tv trying to find out what was going on based on the pictures.i 'm glad to say it was a complete failure most of the time . 
  it 's not about the size of the instrument , it 's how you use it , fellas.and besides , china 's got a bigger tower than you which means that you should start welcoming your new chinese overlords . 
  edit : not to mention the arabs , they 're just about ready to start ruling the world then . 
  anyone who needs a 541.3 m high building is compensating for something , the only question is what . 
  i thought it said the pineapple the first time i read it and was for that infinite moment very excited at the idea of a giant glass pineapple sticking out of the ground . 
  that keeps the politicians in good attendence . 
  i like that idea.we have a bunch of naked people above the entrance . 
  living in a country that does n't have a metro network , is it as good as i imagine it being ( step on a train , sit down and arrive at a local mcdonalds at ftl at maximum comfort and minimum cost ) or is it just a moderately faster city bus network ? 
  dammit . 
  too bad you ca n't run internet through those 1777 km of that 95.4 % coastal water , eh ? 
  i do n't know if `` sucked up '' is worse than `` dealing with '' , but i do n't for a second believe that europe is as pc as the us , because i can still use any number of derogatory terms ( race , s. 
  orientation ) and i 'll probably never be told by anyone that i ca n't say that . 
  i can voice any non-pc opinion and as long as it is n't insane , i wo n't be told off by anyone . 
  compare this to american cities , where progressive pc attitudes gets people fired for mild comments and universities are more than willing to engage in censorship to preserve the progressive pc atmosphere . 
  but america and europe are big places that differ wildly depending on where you are , so labeling them intirely one thing does n't work . 
  ( except the uk , generalising brits is always fine ), 
  this video just assumes that all migrants are syrian refugees , which is not true at all . 
  many of them are economic migrants . 
  furthermore , the statement that these immigrants will shy away from crime is exactly the opposite of what is happening , because muslims are widely over represented in crime statistics . 
  i agree that they would shy away from crime if they had jobs , but they wo n't get jobs , because many european countries already have problems with unemployment in the native population . 
  also  xenophobic rich cowards the labeling is real . 
  and , who the hell is this line adressing , because as far as i remember , most europeans are n't wiping their asses with 500 euro banknotes while sitting on a toilet of solid gold , reading the latest edition of jacht monthly . 
  couple that with the `` dead children on beaches '' thing and this video makes for a real nice biased as fuck piece of hot steaming bull shit . 
  actually sounds pretty coolio . 
  they got the main points that general public have been concerned about , but i guess we 'll see if they 're hiding anything fishy in the future . 
  lol did n't notice , sorry . 
  will delete, 
  i 'm not him and it 's meaningless to me as well . 
  implying i do n't already go to croatia if i wan na go to the sea . 
  what we have is n't worth a damn for vacations . 
  more like `` they were just about ready to fight everyone so they got moved over here . '', 
  i 'm going to assume that naming your own country is sorta dickstrokey , so i 'll say austria . 
  i do n't think assuming that this winter will be more of the same is a safe way to go about it , at least when dealing with people stuck outside . 
  and even if it will be a mild winter and temperatures wo n't fall to -15 \u00b0 c , anything under zero is at best dangerous to be outside in . 
  what i 'm saying is , we should expect the worst but hope for the best . 
  that 's some impressive mental gymnastics . 
  the us might 've made the conditions for isis to spring up possible , but it 's muslim extremists who decided to make use of those conditions to create isis . 
  the us does n't have any responsibility in this situation . 
  nothing is impossible when you 're an african muslim commie illuminati alien lizard person . 
  cool post i live in an urban area in slovenia and know personally plenty of bosnian muslims and you would never find out they were muslim even if you 've known them for years unless they told you . 
   rakija at 11 lol , there 's no better phrase to describe the balkans, 
  if being cautious about mass immigration of poor people who do n't want to integrate and hold somewhat dangerous ideas is being a massive racist then you can count [ most ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/datablog/2015/jan/08/french-public-opinion-charlie-hebdo-attacks ) [ western ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/majority-germans-reject-immigration-outside-eu-312282 ) [ europeans ] ( http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/briefingpaper/document/249 ) in their ranks . 
  but wait , that does n't mean they 're racists at all , it just means you 're an idiot , what a surprise . 
  now do the same study for adults and see that number drop dramatically . 
  teenagers go through these phases as fast as the wind turns . 
  it 's ok , buddy .
