  i assume there are n't too many union agreements with independent pizza shops anyways , 
   if somehow it makes my glenlivet $ 30 ? 
  heh , that 's 405kr ( $ 43 ) for us already . 
  how much is it in hungary ? 
  always makes me shocked when i compare systembolaget 's prices with the rest of europe 's . 
  was he dutch or simply `` dutch '' ? 
  it 's okay to block cp sites because that 's all they are for , generally speaking . 
  blocking torrent sites is n't okay because of the limited chance that they are used for legitimate things too . 
  and while that can be disputed , it still opens the door to other ideas of more aggressive measures to combat the decentralized piracy . 
  `` hey , almost all the traffic on bt protocol is our copyrighted stuff . 
  isps should dpi their customers and cut service to those using this protocol , and/or you should make efforts to reduce its effectiveness in the first place '' . 
  while it 's still not as likely as the typical dns blocks , i know of a few isps i worked at outside of sweden who have tried the same thing , and it is not a pretty sight . 
  http://www.lo.se/english/the_collective_agreement basically yes , you can at whatever price . 
  but if they 're a union member , there will be union disagreements , etc etc. 
  bigger companies are pretty much always in a collective agreement with the unions , so the rest of their unionized workers can make shit if they are significantly underpaying someone . 
  so if you work at a pizza place or something , you often wo n't get paid well , and will most always be done in black . 
  but if you get an engineer job somewhere , you are pretty much guaranteed to get a nice salary if you agree to it . 
   if i want to sell my labour for $ 1 an hour you can though . 
  just you wo n't get anyone with any form of experience , unhappy workers , and thus overall crappy quality work . 
  we have no minimum wage , just collective agreements with unions and such . 
  most people are paid within the `` accepted range '' for their career , but you can still legally employ people for whatever price you want . 
  you 'll just be sticking your hand in a beehive if you are a larger company . 
  ( there are some other tricky rules about it i think , but in the end it 's able to be done quite simply . 
  else they just pay black instead ), 
  sad day for freedoms in norway . 
  honestly would n't mind if 280 % of the russians living in syria wanted russia to fix the problems there . 
  jordan is not a gulf state though . 
  while it is true that most refugees are in the other arab countries , the gulf arab ones ( also : the richest ones ) are those who do not accept them . 
  and that 's pretty bad of them . 
  more like : `` they will boost our economy because we do n't * have * any eu-comparable social welfare system , thus they only pay '' :\\ ^ ), 
  `` unemployment '' by itself is a tricky thing . 
  dumping wages so that `` wow we reduced unemployment by 1 % '' is * not * a good long-term tradeoff . 
  there is programs with the work office while give the employer up to 80 % of wage compensated if they hire someone who has n't worked much before , and some other conditions . 
  it is n't perfect but it is one thing that 's still better than wage dumping . 
  i 'm not trying to be rude mate but did you actually talk with someone in social about your case ? 
  if you are swedish and your fianc\u00e9e is getting around 3000kr per month , you 'll be able to get about 7000kr by listing together . 
  unless you 're already married or written as someone else 's sambo , or if you have a ton of savings , you should be able to fix up a better sum while you continue to search for works , 
  yes , unless you buy a subletted apartment 2nd-hand or even 3rd-hand they can often be . 
  you will never get your own apartment without waiting tons of years , unless you have an assload of cash to buy it and find a lucky listing . 
  it 's a real mess , and lots of new housing-needers has just made it worse . 
  honestly the only thing that could `` save '' it would be another miljonprogrammet , but that indirectly makes a lot of `` segregated '' communities due to most of the residences being foreign born . 
  they should complain about stuff that 's actually something that could be improved , in addition to not comparing it like `` syria is better in these ways : . . '' they chose to smuggle themselves here , they should suck it up and enjoy what they now have instead . 
  they have saftey and security . 
  indefinite life here in sweden being provided for them . 
  they should n't ask for more than that . 
  they 're still crying about how they wish they were in syria . 
  how syria has everything and sweden does n't . 
  respectless fav\u00e4 . 
  getting their life supplied and protected and having a safe future for their kids ... and they still have the ability to say a single negative thing against sweden , even unintentionally . 
  you do realize why they 're called * illegal * immigrants ;-), 
  because doing a shitjob when you have a lot of education is n't `` slave work '' . 
  way to read everything literally , patriot . 
  lol so somehow you are 1 . 
  a swedish citizen 2 . 
  in a relationship with another swedish citizen and somehow she is able to get support but you are not ? 
  that 's not how it works !, 
  sambo/married couples get one sum per month which is a bit more than double of you applying separately -- which is n't allowed if you 're to be married . 
  and your fianc\u00e9e was n't entitled either ? 
  both of you illegally in sweden or what ? 
  regardless , i meant that most people ( including all new asylum seekers ) are entitled to those benefits . 
  so yeah . . 
  most kinds of business other than stuff you need ( like food stores ) follow those kind of rules , yeah . 
  it is extending a bit earlier and later in the day sometimes , but i dunno how to expect it to go . 
  it has worked fine for a long time and it is really nice to work as so , but who knows what the future will give . 
  yes , many of the replies in the article made me a bit flustered . 
  i do n't know how some people can say how `` bad '' they 're living compared to their home country when they 're being fully supported and protected from being killed in a war . 
   i even had to move to america to get work you 're just making stuff up , right ? 
  it must not be more profitable to travel work a minimum wage job in the us than it is it go get socialbidrag in sweden , unless you 're living on the streets and sending all the money back or something ? 
  if you ca n't live with about 7000kr in socialbidrag and also having your rent paid nearly in full by f\u00f6rs\u00e4kringskassan , you must be doing something wrong , i think . 
  my wife and i lived decently on that for a few months when i was jobless , it is n't the best thing but it must be better than however much you 'd get working that slave work in the us , including transport costs ? 
  swedish article of course sorry . 
  is a q&a kinda session with ahmad and jihan from syria , who traveled 7000km through 9 countries to get to sweden , spending over 20 000 $ to smugglers along the way . 
   q : what do you miss most in sweden ? 
   a : we miss everything , there is everything in syria . 
  we could work , play , go out at night and see friends on the street . 
  we miss the food , there are lots of good restaurants . 
  life is intimate in syria . 
  sorry ca n't bother to manually translate it all , quite long session . 
  dunno if the article left it out , but can he not speak swedish ? 
  no matter how experienced of a doctor you are , you are n't going to get hired for such a sensitive position when you ca n't communicate in swedish . 
  we ca n't even give jobs to our native people ( especially younger people , highest youth unemployment in eu in 2011 with the situation only getting worse ) , so how would we give jobs out people who ca n't even speak our language ? 
  the language integration is n't too bad , just it 's quite impossible to give out jobs . 
   strict labour laws make it hard to hire cheap workers this is a good thing though . 
  wage dumping will just make the situation worse . 
  in the end it 's nothing about discrimination , just too much for the system to take . 
  no one prepared for it , even before the influx it was often over a year wait list to get an apartment . 
  now it 's even longer of course . 
  germans reading stuff with only one idea in their mind . 
  nope , completely impossible for america to pick up and take refugees back from war zones when they are already in there in the first place . 
  ( if you still do n't understand , my post meant `` why does n't america try to take on more refugees '' , not `` why is america not overflowing with syrians '' ), 
   europe is n't being overrun by millions of american refugees only because technically an american ca n't claim refugee status in europe . 
   government stays out of your way  tired of governments that are more interested in picking your pockets , america is a good place for you haha are we actually talking about the us right now ? 
  you have taken too much patriotism m8 . 
  i lived in the us for 30 years and can say for sure that my last 5 years in sweden have been so much better . 
   we already accept more immigrants than anyone else in the world great , now go through them and see how almost all of them are those who are already well-off , or have a solid job offer ( aka they also have lots of education ) . 
  america pretends it 's some dreamland and everyone can get `` the american dream '' , but it is only just for those who are rich already or have a lot of chance to succeed . 
  ffs , america does n't even really have a welfare system that 's comparable at all to any european one . 
  even if the us government decided to take in refugees from syria without screening their education , it would n't even hurt them in the end because they would n't get much at all in money , haha ... 
   migrants do n't want to work lots might be happy like that , sure , but that 's not an absolute . 
   sweden are in need of additional workforce what are you talking about ?!,
