  i still pay for netflix , but end up torrenting stuff that 's on the swedish netflix simply because half of it lacks english subtitles . 
  netflix is a nice service in any case , but they do lack a lot of the quality that the us gets . 
  if there was a dna database that included samples from * anyone * entering the country , it could probably catch a few ? 
  but that 's against human rights and stuff ( at least according to ecthr ) , so it would never happen . 
  so what exactly is the problem ? 
  it deteers blatant economic migrants , and does n't really hurt any actual refugees . 
  not all legislation is meant to affect a large group . 
  so many ignorant non-scandinavians complaining about this . 
  people who think the government is going to force them to give up their stuff , people who do n't understand how generous the welfare is , etc. 
  read on another forum with tons of americans thinking that the welfare state in denmark will take away every single thing you own , how it 's racist to * not * treat asylum-seekers the same way they treat their own citizens , how they will strip the newcommers of everything but the clothes on their back , etc. 
  probably one of denmark 's most misunderstood legislations of all time . 
  people who do n't know much about a subject always seem to be the most verbal about it ... 
  a few years ago , five rightholders took an injunction against one of sweden 's largest isp , bredbandsbolaget . 
  rightholders claimed that an isp giving access to these pirate sites is contributing to copyright infringement , and that the isps should be forced to block the sites -- or else they are participating in copyright infringement . 
  bredbandsbolaget denied this should be the case , and so they went to court . 
  this court case , among other things , examined whether the swedish legislation is in line with an eu directive which says that `` member states shall ensure that right holders have an option to apply for an injunction against intermediaries whose services are used by a third party to infringe a copyright or related rights '' ( copyright directive ) . 
  according to the swedish copyright act , the law applies to whomever * participates * in such infringement . 
  the court decided that bredbandsbolaget 's operations and conduct in this present case does not constitute as * participation * under swedish law . 
  in addition , they have decided that sweden 's copyright law meets the requirements of the eu copyright directive . 
  with today 's ruling , sweden is one of few countries that do not oblige internet providers to block certain pirate sites . 
  today , they have made the exact * opposite * decision than what has been done in denmark , norway , finland , iceland , germany , ireland , spain , uk , argentina , and several other countries . 
  the fight is probably not over yet ; the rightholders have until mid-december to appeal at another higher court , etc. . . but today 's decision is still a win , and i hope personally that the higher courts of appeals will have the same decision . 
  yep , it was a real article . 
  behind a paylock now though , since it 's old . 
  yes , it is the same thing here in sweden . 
  i commented on it a few times before . 
  there are so many people making tons of money by getting `` compensated '' by the migration board . 
  about 35 $ per day per person , all you have to do is give them a place to sleep and one `` meal '' . 
  without meal you get about 15 $ less . 
  migrationsverket compensates companies to do it . 
  http://i.imgur.com/l7dva5m.gif `` the fastest 14-year old runs around the school '' !, 
  nah , he 's just trying to be cool like the french mod . 
  damn , it looks like there wont be any turkey for christmas ... 
  it was direct translation of article before they changed it . 
  `` tvingades '' meaning to have someone do something against their will . 
  some of them are in a way `` forced '' ( being those who want to return to denmark ) , but sure technically they are n't forced into it . 
  we are building more and more tents , but the numbers we get every day are so high that it 's hard to keep up with . 
  we also converted a lot of buildings such as schools and old-people-homes into asylum housing , but still is n't easy . 
  i too wonder more why people are decide to come here in winter instead of staying in the warmer parts of europe ... do they not realize how damn cold it is going to get , or are they optimistic that they will get supplied with housing ? 
  asylum seekers in malm\u00f6 were forced in the night sleeping outdoors . 
  the migration board warned yesterday that they do n't have housing anymore available . 
  `` we sleep all of us together on the ground , it is cold '' , said ali agha bostani from afghanistan a bus was standing outside the premises and let people come in and sleep there the news agency heard , but it had quickly became full . 
  in addition , around 200 refugees who * want to return to denmark * from sweden are not able to make it , according to data to svt news sk\u00e5ne . 
  we already had a big housing shortage before the migrations , so yeah . 
  we are building more tents , do n't know if they 're already filled yet or just not completed . 
  pm l\u00f6fven has told of three measures that the government wants to try out now in sweden , stating that sweden has been `` na\u00efve in their approach to extremism '' . 
  - secret data reading : the government wants to allow the police to secretly monitor computers and tablets by planting so-called trojan horses on them . 
  in addition , being able to have more ability to listen in on other communication apps such as skype or viber . 
  - more video surveillance : the government wants to allow more camera surveillance , especially in media newsrooms , religious premises , and refugee camps . 
  - checking of biometrics in passports : sweden in the eu should follow the biometric data in passports , for example , fingerprints checked at the eu 's external borders . 
  nothing much important other than the title really . 
  social democrats reached new low since election , sweden democrats shown as biggest . 
  pm l\u00f6fven ranked low in popularity , place 21 out of 24 ministers in government . 
  l\u00f6fven and his government ca n't seem to get along . 
  pretty much it . 
  i wish they would have had some other way to judge honesty , other than basing it off monetary-reward . 
  seems weird to compare overall honesty between countries this way , but i guess being able to be `` corrupted '' in a chance for free money shows dishonesty . 
  eh i expect it will be a bit more sudden than a few years , but we will see when they publish their report to the german government at the end of november . 
  you forgot the favorite `` jag heter homopeter '' , 
  `` guaranteed job for everyone under 25 '' , haha good joke that original image is . 
   sweden would not leave the eu if the eu would force them to adopt the euro sorry , but i are not think that . 
  the eu referendum was only 52 % , and polls regarding joining the eurozone in sweden have been almost consistently negative -- recent polls have put it at over 80 % choosing no for eurozone . 
  people in sweden are aware of the possible problems with changing to the euro , and we generally have strong confidence in riksbanken 's management of our own currency . 
   the playstation 4 gaming console , which allows terrorists to communicate with each other and is difficult for the authorities to monitor so sony actually has good security now ? 
  sweden has chosen to not join erm ( last requirement for getting euro ) , and the government has no plans to do so . 
  guess that brussels lets us do it because they do n't want us to leave eu altogether or something ? 
  can you really not leave the eurozone without leaving the eu ? 
  feel sorry for finland deciding to get rid of the markka :(, 
  i hope so ... if you exaggerate it , it sounds a bit like america 's police system in a way ? 
  you can do something in one state , hop over to another , and then the police in the first state ca n't do anything about it without getting formal cooperation with the other ? 
  that seems quite messed up , especially when it 's in the same city ... 
   meanwhile , the security services in the city of brussels have another significant issue : for a population of 1.3 million inhabitants , the local police force is divided up in six police corps spread over 19 boroughs . 
  sharing security information in that setting could only be complicated . 
  i hope they 're exaggerating , that seems really difficult :(, 
  this is about 8 % of the budget of 923 billion sek . 
  depends a lot on the organization really . 
  helping people in the other safe countries is in the end much cheaper , at the least due to it being someone else 's problem . 
  this change should help migrationsverket with the load ( more employees ) , and allow them to rent out more housing -- but in the end it becomes significantly more expensive this way . 
  the companies who rent out housing get a surprisingly high amount of money per person they feed and house each day . 
  http://www.st.nu/angermanland/kramfors/asylboende-bra-affar-for-foretaget -- `` get daily 200 sek per bed and 150 sek for food in compensation from the swedish migration board '' ( 21 $ and 16 $ , respectively ) . 
  migrationsverket has to continue to pay companies for housing and food , or put up more tents which are n't a good thing either . 
  whereas if you keep that money going to ( hopefully legitimate ) organizers in other countries , people are able to survive easier there in the meantime . 
  the only people who really will benefit from funding being sent to sweden instead of foreign aid are : the economic migrants , and companies whom make insane profits off renting housing to migrants . 
   it is unclear if providing an exception for irish nationals would fall foul of eu law . 
  now england shall take back what is theirs if the eu says no ;-), 
   in an amending budget to be submitted to parliament today , the government proposes increased spending by 11 billion . 
  we shall see how it goes . 
   not de jure obligated yep , that 's what i thought , thanks . 
  so it 's not really enforced at all unless it 's super-obvious false advertising or something . 
  can you source that ? 
  i am not coming up with much about it . 
  i know you are supposed to advertise the `` expected '' speed into the agreement and whatnot , and companies could get fined otherwise ... but i do n't know of any law that prevents an isp from discriminating certain services ( other than the fact that in most non-rural areas , you have numerous choices for broadband provider , so `` competition keeps us fair '' is what applies ) . 
  i was in buffalo on a business trip in the end of 2014 . 
  it was was very fun driving the rental car i got , which had the crappiest `` all-season '' tires i have ever seen . 
  i do n't know how someone could drive safely during winter using all-season tires , or maybe i was just unlucky . 
  is there any reason for posti workers to accept it though , for those who maybe will not be interested in doing that ? 
  or can posti pretty much force their workers to accept it , or else they 'll be laid-off because of `` lack of work '' ? 
  i have driven many different cars in the us and none have ever had those . 
  i have only have seen those a few times in larger pickup trucks . 
  but you rented a typical midsize car though ?
