they can still be registered and requested to leave the country if they stay for longer than 3 months and are a `` possible burden to host country 's social welfare system '' . 
  http://www.eu-upplysningen.se/om-eu/vad-eu-gor/schengen-och-fri-rorlighet-for-personer/ is mostly a scare-tactic i think , but they still can be kicked out , and dealing with fighting against the decision is too hard for most . 
  it is sorted by highest to lowest in the 2014 column so it 's not actually that difficult , but yeah could be better . 
   if i get selected as mod haha seriously dude , do you listen to yourself ? 
  they still have to declare it ( if they want insurance if the package gets lost anyways ) , and thus customs can still fuck with you on it . 
  better than ordering direct for sure , but still costs a bit more and still is n't pain-free . 
  everyone wants their hand in the pot . 
  when the us person buys it they will pay sales tax , then when they ship it , i will probably get `` admin fees '' from fedex , and they will also try to tax vat onto it as well . 
  only time i have avoided that shit is when i use normal post , and that costs a ton in the first place if it 's anything bigger than an envelope and/or heavier than a sandwich . 
  it is much harder and more expensive to buy more obscure stuff in europe than in usa . 
  honestly can blame customs for a lot of it . 
  fedex is one of the cheapest ways to ship heavier stuff from us to sweden , but then you get 20 $ in `` administration fees '' , plus whatever the customs agency says is how much vat you should pay on the item . 
  all the different tax laws in general in europe really hinders the ability for companies to sell cheap and easy in europe , imo . 
   have a shared armed forces we 'd get conscription back then , or ? 
  the funniest part is that the social support systems you have are nothing compared to europe 's . 
  surstr\u00f6mming is best , they do n't know anything . 
   if they could hire a lawyer they would win in court but how ? 
  the directives say it is is allowed if the person can become a burden on the social services of the host country . 
  which they can . 
  ergo , it is legal , no ? 
  if it was winnable , i 'd imagine there would have been many more public cases about it , but i ca n't find any . 
  and just because many of them are n't educated , i would imagine some lawyer would have tried against the policy without a client and won if it was . 
  if a eu citizen is staying for longer than three months in another eu country , the host country may require the person to register with the country 's authorities . 
  the person may also have to prove that they have sufficient funds to support themselves . 
  if a person does not meet the requirements , the national authorities can require that the person leaves . 
  the beggers do not want to register because they will be investigated on their ability to support themselves , and then risk being blocked from returning to sweden . 
  thus they leave every 3 months . 
   there is not 3 month restriction on anything but there is ? 
  that is why we have `` begging busses '' in sweden . 
  our romanian beggers must return to romania after 3 months , or else they risk being registered here which makes it harder for them to come back without a reason . 
  they do n't return to romania just for fun . 
  you need a reason to stay for longer than 3 months , which the beggers do not have . 
  they need to be studying , running their own business , or living in retirement . 
  you do n't expect the new migrants to move to eastern europe when they can survive better on welfare ... do you ? 
  they will be residing in germany , they have no reason to return to their homelands because there is no rule against them staying in germany . 
  romanians build their houses in their homeland not only because it 's cheaper , but also because they have no right of residence in the other countries . 
  they can just visit for 3 months , and then must return home . 
  i really doubt that someone who is in near-poverty would stay in in romania if they were able to be granted `` refugee status '' like many of the new migrants are getting ... most would choose a half-decent government-supplied apartment rather than traveling back every year . . but is just my opinion , 
  why would the new migrants build a house in syria when they are from many places other than syria ? 
  that is quite an american way to think of it as benefiting the country , but your opinion . 
  but what about the actual migrants , not syrians ? 
  what reason will they have to return to ghana if they are allowed to stay in germany ? 
  the only reason why romas return to their homelands is because their family is there , and because they are not allowed to stay more than 3 months without being registered . 
  just because they have free movement does not mean they are able to stay in germany for however long they please ; it becomes a different story with these new migrants . 
  i am not talking about eu citizens , i am talking about the new migrants . 
  lol i think you have missed my point . 
  what are the new arrivals to do during the other months ? 
  okay , so what are they to do during the other 8 months of the year ? 
  what about jobs that other people already in eu will gladly do ( and already do so ) ? 
  no one truly benefits from it other than large companies who need people to do manual labor for crap pay , and other companies that want cheap labor as well ... 
  yeah , it is quite weird like that . 
  but they completely messed up their decision to make the residence permits be indefinite , so either they need to change something that can revoke citizenship ( shit ) or stricten the requirements for applying for it ( also shit for those who are just unlucky ) . 
  feels bad for me when i have lived here with my girlfriend for almost 4 years now , but might end up being declined as my work history has been a bit spotty -- really difficult to find stable work as a young person , especially if your degrees are foreign . 
   a swedish citizen marrying a foreign person should be higher on the list of immigration priorities hehe  ) ) ), 
  often they are still working at awful wages compared to what they would need to pay a native german worker . 
  of course it 's a thousand times better than leaving them to die on the streets , but it is still exploitative of their condition and you can not say that companies will be fair given that choice . 
  how are they false though ? 
  a bit exaggerated maybe , but an influx of workers -- many without high qualifications -- is a beneficial thing for large companies and thus germany in general . 
  wage dumping . 
  as far as i am aware of , no such thing applies to refugees . 
  someone who comes to marry someone in sweden , they are only given a 3 year residence permit , must renew it before citizenship residence length can be met , and must have proof they are developing themselves . 
  refugees have none of those requirements as far as i have been able to see . 
  someone who comes in as a refugee but does n't do anything to progress their life has a higher chance of remaining forever in sweden , than someone who comes in for love and is n't able to find much work in the challenging job market . 
   they go around the table and say , ` if you see any women or children , raise your hand , ' and that includes german and swedish officers who are not supposed to be involved in counterterrorism so our supposed officers are only suggesting against strikes where they see people who might not be america 's target , e.g. 
  women and children ? 
  since 2013 , any `` refugee '' in sweden are granted permanent residency ( card lasts 5 years , easy to renew , and can apply for citizenship at 4 years after arriving in sweden ) . 
  when you apply for citizenship , as long as you have no debts registered and have no major crimes recorded against you , you will probably get that without issue , regardless if you have had a job or not . 
  once you have citizenship , they can not take it away from you , and thus you can never be deported . 
  so basically , if you come here as a refugee , you will never leave unless it 's by your own choice ( except if you made some crimes , which are probably overlooked anyways ) . 
  the only reason why america `` worked '' is because even though many were irish , polish , etc , they all desired to say `` i am an american '' . 
  the best way to integrate is patriotism and a strong desire for nationalism , which is something that only `` racists '' do in europe . 
  many of the new immigrants do not have an idea or object they can unite behind other than their former country and their religion . 
  it self-reinforces segregation and makes it harder to fully integrate into the culture of your new country . 
  wage dumping ahoy !, 
  we are just doing this to help the refugees , not to line our own pockets :\\ ^ ), 
  sweden 's typical refugee support payment for a family is around 700 $ ( about 6500kr ) , but this does n't include :  child welfare ( barnbidrag ) , at 1050kr/month per child , with exponential bonuses if you have more than one child  housing support ( bostadstill\u00e4gg ) , often paying * over * 100 % of their rent might be a few other small programs i am forgetting . 
  so it is quite crazy regardless ; guess it can add up to 2k $ if you add a few kids to the mix . 
  i never said that . 
  i said that most people are ignorant ( willingly or otherwise ) about the ability of sweden to take in much higher numbers . 
  as i have said before , our social system and especially housing market has insane load issues already , and funding for our other important services are cut as fuck already . 
  money is n't infinite and we cant even fix things up for those who are already here . 
  now they are arrested and fingerprinted for sure !, 
  it can either be so they get less workload when refugees go to renew their temp permits after they expire in 3 years , or so they feel more accepted in sweden ( `` wow i have permanent residence here , guess i stay here when the war is over '' ) probably the first one , and the second one is their defense for their true meaning . 
   when something you like is hosting metadata it 's `` only '' metadata but that metadata is a hash generated based on existing data which a private person has . 
  other data retention things people are against because it is identifiable information . 
  no one knows what data the magnet hash 49fbd26322960d982da855c54e36df19ad3113b8 is referring to , nor who created it . 
  the only way that becomes anything is when another decentralized peer gives you more info saying `` yep , that 's ubuntu '' . 
  so it is n't really comparable to data retention laws ... 
  the majority of people who are ignorant about the state 's ability are accepting , the rest realize it ca n't be handled and want it to be slowed down . 
  government still gives instant perm residence permits to whoever manages to smuggle themselves here , so not much has changed . 
   bittorrent trackers but they are n't trackers , they are only hosting magnet links which are only metadata . 
  they only offer the metadata to the content , and they do have magnet links to other non-copyrighted works in addition . 
  and i never said you are `` losing your freedom '' , just that it 's a sad decision by your courts , and implying how it can open the doors to more intrusive censoring . 
  you are still a buttload more free than america , but it 's still a slap against your freedoms and possible future court verdicts fav\u00e4 . 
  yeh was joking in that regard , but it probably does hurt our taxing economy more than it helps yours . 
  still tyskland best alcohol friend !, 
  yeah , your economy is based on the fact that we smuggle in thousands of tons of alcohol every day ( not even joking , there are tons of groups of people bringing tons of truckloads everyday ) . 
  https://www.tv4play.se/program/kalla-fakta?video_id=3183237 is a swedish series that showed a bit on it , kinda interesting . 
  thank you germany !, 
  both , but mostly the 2nd .
