i am so tired of the whole secession debate that i no longer care about the result . 
  i swear it . 
  it 's not due to d'hont law , but regional circumscriptions ( the seats in catalonia are assigned in accordance with votes on each of the 4 provinces ) . 
  each region has a different seat/population ratio . 
  d'hont law and a unique circumscription would lead to proportional results : you would n't see someone with 1000 votes getting more seats than someone else with 2000 ( although ratio seat/vote would be different ) . 
  sure , i meant you pay less attention to them on mobile , because you need to scroll down to browse the sub since only 4-8 threads are shown in the screen , while on computer you can see 25 at the same time . 
  so `` you spend less time '' with the sticky before you to be noticed . 
  but specially because of the megathread effect . 
  one topic will always get less attention if there 's one thread instead of five . 
  i want to see nato navy or similar patrolling african waters to detain human smuggling , there is simply no way eu do n't know most common origin ports by now . 
  something similar is done to protect carriers and fishing ships from pirates . 
  and a fucking agreement on quotas to solve this now , and not having a monthly meeting . 
  stop hiding the head in the sand and claim is someone else 's problem . 
  the latter . 
  this is weekly news in spain since many years ago ( whether they arrive at italian , greek or spanish territory ) . 
  not really , that 's the effect of the megathread . 
  i had to use the search function because i thought no one cared about the greek elections . 
  people ( me included ) tend to ignore stickies , specially if you are browsing from mobile clients . 
   hehe , could you give me an example ? 
  or two ? 
  sure !, 
  he is involved ( there 's plenty of evidence of that , check `` caso b\u00e1rcenas '' ) in a huge corruption scandal related to illegal financing of his party since its creation decades ago , his name appears everywhere . 
  when asked about it in a conference with angela merkel next to him , he said `` everything published is false ... . . except some things , which are those published by the media '' . 
  a few more :  this is not like the rain , that no ones know where it comes from . 
   one thing is to be solidary , and another one is to be so in exchange of nothing ( regarding the refugee crisis ) . 
   what disallowed me to fulfil my political programme was reality . 
   sometimes the best decision is not taking any decision , which is also a decision . 
  https://es.wikiquote.org/wiki/mariano_rajoy * edit : grammar . 
  a minimum is needed , it 's been proven there 's a direct relationship between lightning levels and safety , not only referred to traffic but also to crimes like assaults , rapes and such . 
  so it 's normal people complain . 
   yeah , sounds a bit more precise . 
  or just politicians in general , or ` german politicians ' if you 'd like . 
  well , this kind of stupid statements come from everywhere , not just germany . 
  i 'm still waiting for our prime minister to pronounce himself in the matters , he is well known for his eloquence and domain of metaphors . 
  politicians from countries in the eu sounds better ? 
  i never meant it to be representative of the eu stance or such . 
  i guess i understand merkel now . 
  lol, 
  i have to admit rhetoric among eu politicians is reaching black humour levels . 
  i ca n't believe they 're saying this things so air-headedly . 
  tell that to norwegian people and the utoya victims massacre : http://www.news.com.au/world/europe/anders-behring-breivik-massacre-utoya-labour-youth-camp-to-reopen/story-fnh81p7g-1227471611120 and in spain it has n't passed much time since `` christ warriors '' beat on people almost to death just for the fun . 
  i get your point know . 
  thanks . 
  however , it 's hard to think the german citizen benefits at all of private companies ~ ~ operating ~ ~ based in romania , more than the romanian people . 
  yes , and that companies also pay taxes and create jobs in romania . 
  i do n't get your point , are you implying romania does not get any benefit from its relationship with the eu ? 
  anyway , that has nothing to do with transparency from eu budgets which was your initial point . 
  germany is a net contributor ( pays more than receives ) to the eu budget , do you really expect that amount to be more than zero ? 
  you have a nice interactive graph in that link . 
  ** operating budgetary balance ( germany ) : -15,501 m $ . 
  what interests might the guardian have in tell it that way ? 
  ooops , you are right about that point . 
  to be granted asylum you need to tell where you come from , in this case syria . 
  at that point , they are syrian , even if they lie . 
  that 's unlikely . 
  greece ( as well as border countries ) is obliged to register migrants who reach their borders . 
  however i am quite sure they , as spain , are `` opening the doors '' so they reach germany taking advantage of the current situation . 
  anyway , our asylum centres and shelters are overflowing since many months ago ( these `` waves '' are common here ) . 
  that 's why i doubt his numbers , ~ ~ specially hosting more than germany . ~ ~, 
  spain and italy are probably pushing for this more than germany , they would be the first to benefit from mandatory quotas . 
  to be honest , there is no way to assure you wo n't receive such flow of migrants being outside eu . 
  if someone from spain or us can tell you is that no matter how large and tall is your wall , illegal immigration will cross it anyway . 
  you can google `` melilla vault migrants '' if you want to see thousands of people climbing a 7m height fence , after thousands of kilometres of travel . 
   i work at a local court . 
  ca n't wait to have few hundreds of man , ** who i can not distinguish since they all look similar to me , ** coming every week to say hi . 
  i might be looking for those who did not come around whole eu after work hours and at the weekend . 
  then maybe you are not doing your work properly , because that ca n't be a valid excuse . 
  otherwise there 's no reason why that should n't apply to nationals . 
  and why do you think you would be alone ? 
  eu destiny funds to finance this sort of things , so if those funds do n't reach your court in form of more means or manpower , then your government is to fault , not the eu . 
  lol , we are even soon releasing a movie here in spain , it 's called `` b\u00e1rcenas '' . 
  sometimes i wonder what a german would think if they were told shown the daily news in spain , in which a new corruption scandal pops up almost every day . 
  i would make for some funny youtube reactions videos . 
   as long as they get to germany i do n't think they give a shit . 
  plus , all these assume the registration is voluntary . 
  look what happens in hungary to get an idea about how they react to registration ... 
  they will if they get arrested and deported . 
  it 's quite different from hungary now , since a person granted asylum protection is already registered . 
  people have been drowning in the ocean fleeing from wars from years ( or decades ) . 
  it might have reached norwegian or german news now , but it 's been daily news in spain since i was a child . 
  but yes , i still do n't know why they are n't allowed to take a plane into the eu even if many of them can afford it . 
    ** europeans are not told where their money goes and what they 're getting in return . 
  ** yes they are , budgets are available in european commission website ( in excel format ) and they detail every single cent collected and expended for every country in the eu . 
  [ here they are ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/interactive/index_en.cfm ), 
  do you have any source to back up that data ? 
  i seems difficult to believe you host more refugees/illegal migrants than greece , considering the insane amount of them arriving at their coasts every year . 
  these images of people drowning in the shores are something we mediterranean countries have been watching since decades . 
  sure , but is that exclusive of quotas ? 
  those hand picked refugees need to be relocated somewhere . 
  and at first sight , assimilation seems easier the more spread they are among the eu . 
  something like parole where you need to register in a local court weekly should do the work in my opinion . 
  fail to sign and get your asylum status removed . 
  * edit : grammar *, 
  i 'm not saying you meant that , but a lot of people ( and some prime ministers ) do , which is worrisome . 
  and i do n't think this should be solved based on a statement from merkel which , to be fair , was twisted to fit many people hate speech or political battle . 
  by the way , compulsory quotas is exactly what italy , greece or spain has due to berlin ii , and no one bats an eye about it , nor claim it interferes country 's sovereignty . 
  but do you understand that this is a eu problem , how can people expect germany to take them all ? 
  the same would apply if suddenly refugees decided to stay in slovakia or whichever country . 
  if every country start to act on their own it wo n't be solved , that 's for sure . 
   i do n't understand why spain are n't forced to take all refugees by themselves .
