  well , nothing / u/neutrolgreek has said is false , that events happened . 
  what happened the following days are a different matter , but not mentioning them is different from denying . 
  that sounds like a very reasonable way to deal with problems . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  do eurovision votes count ? 
  lol , joking . 
  i meant anything that might have hurt their own economy , be it bad political decisions , having suffered a civil conflict , a dictatorship or simply cultural differences , whatever . 
  it does n't matter how clear it is or how illegal you make it , if people in the neighboring countries face misery or war conflicts you will always have a constant flow of illegal immigrants . 
  you wo n't stop it acting over the consequences . 
  i do n't think this statement needs any kind of justification , it 's trivial . 
  of course you ca n't stop all war conflicts , but closing your eyes and pretending they are n't happening ( which to my poor knowledge the eu has experience in that ) wo n't help at all . 
  a lot of british support for the eu since the 1990s has come from the left wing but the perception of the eu as pro-austerity has damaged its standing amongst them i beg your pardon for my ignorance ( and my english ) . 
  do you mean conservatives reject austerity too ? 
  if tatcher was considered so good there , how can austerity policies be something undesired by british citizens ? 
  i mean , here in spain her mandate was used as support and model by the current government in order to sell austerity and liberal policies to the voters . 
  edit : thank you all for your answers . 
  i really doubt tougher measures work , they never do . 
  even then , the situation in our countries will be more attractive to them . 
  unless the root of the problem is faced ( misery in their countries ) this wo n't stop , ever . 
  thank us , the day spain exports politicians instead of engineers and nurses the entire ez will go bankrupt . 
  you talk like if greek people had n't rioted against the previous bailout . 
  not only that . 
  given greece 's situation a fm should at least have a plan for that or even the intention to do so if necessary when going into negotiations . 
  otherwise you can only accept what you are offered because you ca n't bluff ad infinitum . 
   michel sapin , the french finance minister , suggested they just `` get it all out and tell one another the truth '' to blow off steam . 
  many in the room seized the opportunity with relish . 
  the fact this has to be done after months of negotiations is really sad . 
  that should have been done the first day . 
  and it 's about time we start to drop stupid past differences . 
  every country has done shit in the past , and all of it was brown , here and at the north of the ~ ~ wall ~ ~ europe . 
  the ` wages are excessive ' part really got me . 
  not sure if i 've heard that before ... 
  yes , but they also benefitted from free financing thanks to the crisis in southern countries , which was accentuated by not devaluating the euro or ecb inactivity . 
  so why not taking advantage of this as well ? 
  nothing was actually done until that attitude threatened to create a spanish default and recession in france . 
   it would harden the ez and establish a precedent of how to deal with nations that cant play by the rules . 
  it would be a harsher , not so friendly eurozone . 
  but also a more stable one . 
  i am not sure if throwing more debt into an already insolvent entity can be called ` deal with ' . 
  and if this has brought something you can be sure it is n't stability to the eurozone . 
  with all due respect your statement seems quite naive , specially when trust in a common european project is so important . 
  to be honest , it was n't until the ecb went all-in buying public debt of european countries , thus devaluating the euro , that countries like spain were able to escape the deflationary spiral they were into . 
  it was only this and none of the imf austerity measures what allowed spain go finance itself in the markets at normal rates . 
  i do n't know exactly why the ecb did n't act sooner , i guess revenues of 7-10 % at 10 years ( like the spanish ones ) were too juicy to let them go for some of our ` partners ' in the eurozone . 
   the problem is not that the solutions do n't exist , the problem is that no one is willing to implement them because it would mean that we 'd have to acknowledge that our almighty austerity gods have failed us to be honest , i see too many people whose positions have been acquired or reinforced after becoming ` austerity saviours ' to see that happening , ever . 
  that and a failure monetary and fiscal union seem completely taboo . 
  thanks , internet stranger . 
  as an spanish engineer who is soon emigrating to start over , your comment both saddened and cheered me up at the same time . 
  and that debt was previously owned by and large by the private banking of each country . 
  i am not saying germany ( or france , spain ... ) has less debt , just that the initial debt ( which suffered a cut down of \u00bf 50 % ? ), 
  has been transferred to the taxpayers ( in each country ) . 
  i think that was the point of the first bailout in order to avoid a contagious effect . 
  my apologies if that 's wrong . 
  it 's funny germany pushes for a grexit now that the ruinous investment of german and french debt ( mostly ) has been transferred to european taxpayers . 
  what a fucking cynical attitude . 
  do n't worry , spain will never enter another crisis because we never left it behind . 
  with a public debt of 100 % gdp and unemployment rate above 24 % ( 50 % + for youth ) it 's only a matter of time we become insolvent too ( even if our gdp is said to be growing ) . 
  and if you think greek government is bad at taking responsibility for his acts just wait to see ours . 
  we have elections in november and 4 years ago the party who is currently in the government hid debt in the regions where they were ruling for as much as 2.5 % gdp . 
  so i would n't believe a single economic indicator or liquidity data from spain until after the elections . 
  i am not sure which was the amount expected for the 3rd bailout in the previous ez/iwf proposal , but 27b $ of debt relief and 74b $ of a new bailout seems quite a lot for the untrained eye . 
  i do n't think it is likely that psoe+p odemos receive enough support from only minor parties to form a government . 
  most likely scenario , there is no agreement , ciudadanos does n't veto rajoy and vote against psoe or podemos . 
  pp would govern , then soraya is named pm and everything keeps being the same shit that brought us here . 
  we shout when talking . 
  but just because others shout and we ca n't hear , duh !, 
  and not a popular stereotype ( i think ) , but a real one : we never leave immediately after saying `` ok , i have to go '' . 
  if someone does it he 's clearly fleeing . 
   my problem when in the rest of europe is that everything is closed when i 'm hungry . 
  people seem to think i 'm nuts looking to eat dinner at 21:00 . 
  ( though it does n't help that i 'm not originally from spain and i look pretty guiri ) friendly advice , get used to eat 5 meals a day instead of our usual 3 . 
  otherwise you 'll need to adapt drastically by having heavier breakfasts and such . 
  wow , i had never thought we were scammed also on this ( not that i blame sellers though ) . 
  spain : * men\u00fa del d\u00eda * consisting on 1st dish , 2nd dish , drink , dessert and coffee , 10 $ ( on average ) . 
  depending on the region , you can find something similar for 7-8 $ . 
  if it 's edible ( which usually is in galicia ) is another matter . 
  since i was working for several months in panama , i will leave it here : 8-10 $ for a single dish , drink and coffee . 
  cheaper if you do n't have prejudices and consider take away from street sellers or similar . 
  if you have a problem with eating rice & lentils 24/7 , do n't even consider this country . 
  thanks . 
  any explanation on why these two indicators are now so similar ? 
  it was n't long time ago the difference was much higher . 
  a 1.4 % drop ( unseasoned ) in just 3 months seems hard to believe to be honest , even if it is the epa . 
  i 'm still trying to figure out if this is registered unemployment or a poll ( i think it 's the former ) . 
  there 's about 1 million people of difference between both . 
  but you just wait , we have elections in december ( and we had local ones on \u00bf march ? 
  ) , so government spending has driven the whole year . 
  and we already know we 'll have to cut at least 10b $ on 2016 due to the government failing to reach the deficit goals . 
  i 'll be the one who thanks you for the porn . 
   but do n't companies * already * prefer people younger than 30 because they work for less ? 
  you have already answered your own question . 
  we have this in spain and it only creates a distortion on the labour market : it puts labour cost way before experience ( low youth salary + tax deduction = 30-50 % salary of an experienced worker ) . 
  under those conditions most employers opt to rotate graduates so they can renew the subsidy . 
  it 's an undercover way to cut down salaries , since those 30 + that are unemployed are now less attractive to employers , so they end up accepting lower salaries . 
  and if you think it at least help those young workers that qualify for this type of contract , just look at our ( spain ) youth unemployment rate : it 's over 50 % . 
  it does not work because most of the time companies need experienced people . 
  tl ; dr : lowering taxes just on certain age 's brackets create harmful distortions on the labour market , and do not help at all to reduce unemployment compared to overall lower corporate taxes . 
  say what you want , but i am saving this thread because reasons . 
  wow , we are so similar !, 
  cash bonuses wo n't work , family conciliation and labour protection does .
