  your colleague is not a rare case , everyone wants to work in their own country near their people , even if it means a drastic cut in your incomes ( which might be or not your friend 's case ) . 
  is it difficult to leave your country ? 
  yes , because you do n't know if you 'll come back even if you want , or if you will be able to make a living in your new country . 
  do people leave forever ? 
  no one knows , but everyone would like to come back , that 's for sure . 
  i have friends in norway and despite they have a comfortable life , all of them would go back if the situation was better . 
  as for me , i do n't know , i have lost all hope in my country and its future . 
  time will tell . 
  it 's not like that . 
  most connections ( as mine ) would be helpful only to find accommodation or with logistics on the first weeks , nothing out of the ordinary . 
  i would love to look for a chance in denmark but to be honest the language barrier scares me , and my budget is n't unlimited . 
  and i have some friends who are already working in uk , so it might be easier there , specially at first . 
  ( un ) fortunately , half my friends are already working abroad . 
  thanks . 
   offtopic : nah , my username is just a remnant of my 14 yo me , now it 's just nostalgia to start using a different one . 
  i can give you all my impressions about it , as we spanish suffer from very similar unemployment rates . 
  we leave . 
  sooner or later we emigrate , because it 's that or going nuts , so it 's just a matter of time we find courage to leave everything behind . 
  some people claim we should stay and try to find something even if it means abandon our careers , as job offers are almost non existent even in some fields of engineering , or the few you find require an expertise you 'll never get here . 
  and to be honest , it 's really easy to loose hope after a few interviews whether it is because of the salary or selection processes which last many months ( last week i was rejected after 7 months of process and 3 interviews for a structural engineer position worse paid than supermarket cashier ) . 
  before you notice you will realize you have been 1 year unemployed , with little to no expectations to ever have a life , family or whatsoever . 
  that 's why i decided to move abroad ( i was lucky to have worked a year and a half ) by the end of the next month . 
  i bet it was very similar for many others here and in greece . 
  sorry for this small wall of text i 've taken out of my chest . 
  i think those courses are free just if you are already working there ( hence having a work contract ) or have a residence visa . 
  at least that 's what i 've understood about moving to denmark ( i am seriously thinking about it , structures engineer here ) . 
  i wonder how difficult is to find a job there knowing just english . 
  it 's my alternative to uk and their expensive accommodation . 
   however , 307,300 of the new jobs were temporary , while only 60,800 long-term contracts were signed . 
  i 'd really like to see these contracts ' duration and how much are they paid . 
  some months ago it was claimed that the vast majority of the new contracts signed had a duration shorter than 1 week . 
  ** 1 week !, 
  ** honestly , i do n't believe these numbers , not when we 're having elections in a few months and this government has done make up in accountancy and unemployment data before . 
  specially when i see all my engineer friends failing to get a job ( or an interview ) and emigrating . 
  i never said this was greece 's opinion or intention . 
  even if your credits consist on 0 % and 50 years , you still have to pay the principal , thus reducing the amount of liquidity you can allocate to investments . 
  a relief or delay in those payments for let 's say , 2 years , would make a hell of a difference , specially to reach agreement 's gdp objectives . 
  i do n't know if that was already agreed , though . 
  this is ~ ~ spartaaa !, 
  ! ~ ~ spain !, 
  my bad , my english might not be as good as i think . 
  i thought it 's exact meaning was to avoid fiscal obligations . 
  well , at least i know it now . 
  but is n't the esm financed by all the ez countries ( each with their different share ) ? 
  and if you look at the debt charts you could cut more than a 10 % for all of them . 
  the problem i manage to see is the currency 's devaluation , which my limited knowledge of economics does n't let me see what impact would have on euros denominated debt . 
  [ i guess a picture is worth more than a thousand words ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-w8zo3jbedpc/uaalyvbcw9i/aaaaaaaadki/zqvtfffp-n0/s1600/est%c3%bapido+mariano-rajoy.jpg ) my favorite quote will be limited to the last weeks :  we are not greece , it 's not as if we had a debt of 1000 billions of euro . 
  ( our debt is 98 % gdp , almost exactly that amount ), 
  you are missing his point . 
  if you already fail to collect taxes , raise them wo n't help you but instead ~ ~ frugality ~ ~ tax evasion is to increase . 
  specially if your survival day to day depends on it . 
  rising taxes is not exactly the same as collect more taxes . 
  this might be an stupid question . 
  if we all agree greece needs a debt haircut , and every single country in ez is indebted . 
  why not cut the debt for all countries ? 
  i 've heard the problem is that esm does not permit haircuts , i guess because that would be unfair to your partners in the ez . 
  but if everyone gets it ... as i see it , it would be similar to devaluating the currency . 
  well , i think it nails pretty much everything . 
  recovering in spain is a farce that only rajoy and his most fervent followers believe . 
  i think our most expensive debt payments are due to 2018 ( 7 % + ) , so i can see a bailout incoming to avoid a default . 
  lol no , i am quite sure we will star the season finale . 
  then as a creditor , does it make any sense to lend more money if you think you ca n't get your current debt paid ? 
  absolutely not . 
  just as i see it it 's a matter of time they acknowledge it too . 
  even if they do n't , that posture was clear during negotiations : they pushed for a grexit because a new bailout would n't work . 
  of course they claimed it would be due to greeks not implementing the reforms ; their pride would n't let them acknowledge their beloved austerity can destroy a country . 
  it is . 
  who do you think pays the esm ? 
  and the point is that now it seems everyone agrees this agreement will fail miserably , both in helping greece and be paid back to creditors . 
  the whole negotiation has been complete bullshit . 
  all countries and parties involved state now that the reforms programme wo n't work and the 3rd bailout is bound to fail . 
  then why the fuck did you put it on the table ? 
  why did you reached an agreement in which you do n't believe it will work ? 
  if debt relief is now seen as the only reliable solution by almost everyone , why did they reject it ? 
  for their fucking pride or prejudices ? 
  this is fucking nuts !, 
  but in reality they are usually sold too cheap . 
  half of the pireus port was sold by 500m $ , and i how much benefits it had every year . 
  reminds me of the national lottery company in spain . 
  it was said to have benefits close to 3b $ each year and it was planned to be sold by 9b $ . 
  that 's a fucking steal for taxpayers . 
  yes , but specially on the lower end . 
  i keep reading about the primary surplus but i really have my doubts such destroyed economy , under so severe reforms ( which may increase frugality due to economy 's state ) , might be able to have primary surplus . 
  and that even considering that the surplus aim of the agreement ( 3.5 % in 2018 ) wo n't be reached at all . 
  you are focusing in the cause that led to this situation , i am not . 
  i am concerned whether a plan focused only on ` debt-for-debt ' in a collapsed country ( and i asked if that was the case ) has any chance of success at all . 
  i am afraid you might have misunderstood my question and the reasoning for it . 
  look at my flair ( spain ) . 
  this is n't about being victims or not , it 's more about not throwing 85b $ down the toilet . 
  spain situation is just spain 's fault . 
  so , is there actually any amount allocated to help greek economy ? 
  everything in that graph look like debt payments and zero investments . 
  edit : it 's an honest question , not a rhetorical one . 
  i guess i can expect a french battalion today in le tour de france . 
  i 've always loved that of july 14th . 
  i 'm sorry but it 's time for bertie ( contador ) to wake up !, 
   so tell me , what about this plan will work ? 
  we 've taught them a lesson . 
  hmmph !, 
  ( beats own chest ),
