  not only because of the property values , but also because of the massive rise of unemployment . 
  most people that was able to find a job after being fired earn now ~ 30 % less than in his previous job ( which did not happen to such degree with those that keep their job ) . 
  heh , i still remember when in every championship we were the joke and not you . 
  in spain media does not care about it , unless there are controversial photos like the drowned kid . 
  they are too worried about messi facing a trial for fiscal evasion . 
  they 've already bought our industry minister , that will be the only fine they 'll pay in spain . 
  now multiply that quantity by 40 years or more of operation of each reactor during its working life . 
  the amount is n't small , as i said before spain pays areva 65,000 $ per day ( 24m $ per year ) and our nuclear capacity is rather low . 
  i do n't want to make an endless debate , nor trying to justify the use or not of nuclear energy ( as engineer i have mixed feelings about it ) . 
  my only point is that it 's far from being the perfect and cheap energy source many people think it is , just due to the popular belief . 
  and it will only get worse since uranium is a limited resource ( with very few producers/exporters ) and renewable technologies are more efficient ( cheaper ) every day . 
  i did n't say it had n't been done , just that that cost is rarely considered ( as you see in that study ) . 
  and used fuel storage never , so it is a fair comparison of decommissioning costs . 
  as for used fuel itself , not all of it can be reprocessed , and even areva 's process has been questioned several times . 
  and it 's expensive so most countries just store them . 
  did you even stop to read it ? 
  look at the methodology part :  costs for decommissioning and storage , which particularly affect nuclear energy , still remain uncertain due to the relatively small experience base , noting that the dcf methodology employed in the study means that decommissioning costs become negligible for, 
  4,000 mw out of 62,000 mw does n't look like peanuts to me . 
  the article says plants , not reactors . 
   `` these past few days , we have shut 4,000 mw of production capacity , which is the equivalent of four nuclear plants , '' francois roussely told france inter radio . 
  it was actually the equivalent to 4 of a total of 19 : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2003/aug/12/france.nuclear and the upper limit for operational temperature was raised as well so fewer had to be stopped . 
  i admit i recalled it to had more severe consequences , though . 
  ps : 2003 ... i feel old now . 
  lol, 
  that 's what i said in a simplified way , when it 's cheaper . 
  the thing is pumping does n't happen all the time . 
  the way i see it , you do waste capacity if you reduce the nuclear output of the nuclear plant , since most of the expenses are fixed . 
  so it does n't make sense to not have it run constantly at nominal rates ( by powering different loads ) . 
  it 's hard to simplify something that 's actually complex , and i think the electric market bids ( mw for the day ) are entirely different from the spanish one . 
  the problems ( or their absence ) of nuclear plants during heat waves rely on the % of nuclear installed . 
  the heavyweight of nuclear energy in france ( i think it rounds 70 % of the total ) makes it a problem if you need to stop all of them , like they did several years ago . 
   energy output regulation you already explain it , although it technically can be done , disconnecting other sources is cheaper . 
  i realised this probably is n't the same way in other countries , in spain our electric market is a fucking rigged bad joke for us , production costs are unknown and we pay carbon taxes over nuclear energy because of how the mw are auctioned . 
   pump water uphill i 've clarified this point in another answer , it was n't a good example since it 's already done depending on the kwh price . 
  it 's a bad example , since of course that pumping is powered by something different from the hydroelectric plant itself ; energy drawn from the system and that may or nor already have a nuclear origin . 
  but the main problem , as i see it , are disconnections . 
  nuclear plants provide a constant power source ; pumping in hydroelectric plants is only perform overnight ( when the energy is cheaper ) . 
  so 2/3 of the time you would be wasting that capacity . 
  eli5 : you have 5 , and must give 5 all the time ( 24/7 ) . 
  so you connect it to something that draws 5 all the time ( 24/7 ) from the system . 
  that 's true for every single energy generation plant regardless of its power source . 
  and if we take into account dismantling costs , renewable energy plants will always be cheaper . 
  nuclear plants also need to perform maintenance stops , as well as emergency stops when weather is too hot . 
  ask the french . 
  and there is a common misconception about `` readily available '' . 
  you must use nuclear energy simultaneously to its production , because the cost of waste that energy or stop a nuclear plant is too high . 
  the process from stop to fully operational can take several days . 
  you can not simply disconnect the plant from the net like with windmills , or use the energy to pump water uphill like hydroelectric plants . 
  but every source of generation connected to the electrical net is readily available . 
  that 's exactly why i doubt obama has committed to anything here . 
  if anything he would have said what imf has stated before , hair cut but not on imf part . 
   in a statement , the white house said there was no formal meeting between the two men , noting that `` there could have been a casual , unplanned interaction somewhere on the margins of the united nations '' . 
  i 'm sorry but then it 's just tsipras ' word . 
  the main obstacle for the debt relief ( and thus the 3rd bailout ) is the imf not wanting a cut on their share ; if obama is actually to help greece , what to do is obvious . 
  on the other hand , i wish there 's something behind those words . 
  i see it as greece last hope . 
  three questions , so three answers to keep it simpler . 
   why is that the refugee crisis has exploded since a few months , whereas the syrian civil war has been an on-going conflict for years now ? 
  the refugee crisis did n't ` explode ' now , it just received coverage by european media now . 
  until now , turkey , lebanon and jordan received hundreds of thousands ( millions in the case of turkey ) , also countries like greece and italy received a constant influx of migrants at their shores . 
  but europe simply did n't care and basically said to those countries `` that 's your fucking problem '' ; a point was reached when these countries could n't handle more migrants and decided to let them pass to europe . 
   also , considering there are multiple reports of a significant share of the refugees not being syrian or iraqi , why is it that all of a sudden these immigrants are entering europe in unprecedented amounts ? 
  aside from merkel words ( there 's too much bias around this issue ) , one might think people are afraid of isis . 
  basically it does n't matter if you are muslim or not ; unless you adopt their sharia law and salafist monstrosity , you are screwed . 
  if you are afraid of them in europe , imagine being closer , you would probably runaway too . 
   related question : we have n't seen similar refugee waves during the iraqi invasion in 2003 , the afghanistan war , or any token african conflict whatsoever . 
  what is happening here ? 
  migrants tend to go the nearest safest place , so they escaped to neighbouring countries . 
  however i do remember having afghan refugees in my high school right after the invasion ( the poor girls were blamed for 9/11 ) , even being a really small town so i can assure you refugees existed then . 
  tl ; dr : the migration flows started with the conflict , but european media has n't care about it until now that refugees reached germany and eastern europe . 
  millions of refugees are in neighbouring countries like turkey , lebanon or still in syria , and their camps are overflowing . 
  sure , but they do n't do it when they are fall ** ing ** ( notice the gerund ) . 
  do you see anyone trying to buy volkswagen recently ? 
  it 's cheaper than ever . 
  the only ones that benefit from something falling are scalpers , and those are `` investors '' you do n't want to attract . 
  i know warren buffet , one could argue he ( or his fund ) is no normal investor , specially if you are able to set positions big enough to influence the market . 
  he does n't catch the knife , he is the one who throws it or make others catch it so he does n't have to . 
  * edit : spelling . 
  it takes courage to say that being spanish , with all the capital outflows and financing problems we had when `` we got rid of all those unprofitable employees '' , that apparently were the problem . 
  no investor try to catch a falling knife . 
   3,000 job cuts announced at the airline announcements like that wo n't either , that 's for sure . 
  is there any news regarding the 3rd bailout agreement ? 
  a meeting was supposed to be held by the end of september . 
  not every day you have the chance to hear a government talking about jobs created not counting employment destroyed ( instead of the net amount ) . 
  that 's the level . 
  do n't feed this troll . 
  no intern in spain earns 10 $ / h unless he is the son of a minister . 
  10 $ / h is roughly 1,600 $ / month ( 22.4 k/year ) which is two or three times what graduated interns get paid most of the time . 
  i know engineers in ibex35 companies that struggle to earn that now after two years . 
  edit : and there 's no minimum income for interns , some do n't get paid at all ( see journalists and lawyers ) . 
  that 's already what 's happening in spain with graduates . 
  after the trial period many are sacked , entering the limbo : you ca n't qualify for that type of contract again ( req . 
  no previous experience , having finished your degree less than 2 years ago ) , and you do n't have enough experience for `` normal '' jobs . 
  at that point , the government no longer cares about you , since you are probably  25 years old , which is the upper limit of the youth unemployment rates . 
  same happens in spain in certain sectors such as journalism and advocacy . 
  probably more , but those 2 i know it of first hand . 
  sure , i 've never questioned that , it was just an observation . 
  i know some people would rather find an ` alternative place ' for their phone than leaving it behind . 
  spanish government simply ca n't be more retarded . 
  seriously .
