yeah i was a bit disappointed when i realised that most of the german , spanish and french words where just that . 
  so i assume the rest is similar ? 
  sounds like a good short term solution . 
  does the industry also get to run only on 50 % production ? 
  what about air planes ? 
  thank you for pointing that out and reminding me that news do n't need to cause distress , 
  i was wondering whether it was blown there from the west =  london ? 
  that 's how alcoholism starts . 
  `` oh i just like the taste and how bad can one or two beer a day be ? '', 
  but even if you `` only '' have one or two beers a day it will damage your body sooner or later . 
  your liver needs a couple of days without alcohol ( or other toxic substances ) every week to regenerate . 
  also : not only alcoholism is damaging to the healthcare system , you do n't need to be fucked up all the time to damage your body ( see above ) . 
  i think your example of / r/showerbeer proves my point , that alcohol , especially beer and wine are widely accepted to not be dangerous , especially in small dosage . 
  your other example of your social circle drinking beer like a normal beverage is exactly what i was trying to explain in my earlier post . 
  it is just normal to drink when you meet people and i understand why it is that way . 
  it 's still playing with fire in the long term . 
  i had a good friend that started to drink more and more and eventually , yes , he started drinking in the shower . 
  he 's a wreck now and you ca n't really hang out with him any more , but i 'm glad he 's starting to realise what happened . 
  for your final point about food : i wholeheartedly agree . 
  fatty food and overconsumption of sugar are the other big issues that are rarely discussed and not treated with the attention they deserve . 
  i recently listened to a discussion about diabetes and again , we are paying billions for the effects of too much sugar in our diet ... 
  this quite disturbing : / i enjoy beer , i like the taste and all . 
  but i am no where near the 100l / year ... 
  there are so many people that do n't drink beer at all . 
  how many alcoholics are there in mine and other countries :( ? 
  : edit : just had a bit of a discussion with friends and once you look at the population pyramid and take away people below 15 years and above 90 years , people that probably do n't drink for religious reasons , that do n't drink at all and that do n't drink beer . 
  we came up with about 45 million people in germany that need to drink 107l per year ... now `` normal '' drinkers probably only drink like 1l per week on average . 
  this means there need to be a pretty big chunk of people that do drink at least 1l per day or really heavily on weekends . 
  it appears that the public pays more than 25 billion $ per year for the aftermath of alcohol ( health care , damages from accidents , rehab , etc. ), 
  the worst part is , that there is so little awareness about and at the same time a general acceptance of the drug in our society , when it is so damaging to your body and wallet . 
  again i like beer and i can remember how cool it was to drink a lot when i was growing up and still is to a certain degree in my social circle . 
  just wanted to share my thoughts about this : /, 
  you realise they are doing this because it 's easier to get away with burning a flag that only looks like the flag of the nation you despise ? 
   what most europeans could not have failed to notice without this post i would n't even have known the contest had just happened :3, 
  i agree , even though i do n't mind the religious holidays since they are still ... holidays :d even though it might be a bad idea to `` replace '' a holiday that might be important to a couple of million people : / i guess we just need another holiday then , 
  today is a public holiday in germany :d, 
  i believe there is a big problem with youth unemployment / exploitation through mini jobs / internships etc. 
  so it always good to discuss this . 
  but i not so sure about the accuracy of the numbers . 
  i have a feeling our government is doing a fine job obscuring the number of actually unemployed . 
  afaik hartz 4 recipients do not count as unemployed . 
  furthermore do n't you need to actually be unemployed for 6 ? 
  months to count as unemployed ? 
  i can only speculate about differences in every country and how they make a map like this relatively inaccurate : / still this is a very hot topic , so thanks for posting this  i 'm looking for work right now as well btw , 
  sounds like the story a chemist once told me : basically the eu changed level of chrome6 that were allowed to treat leather so eg . 
  cheap leather gloves from china could still be imported . 
  he did sound abit co ncerned about the dangers of the new levels : /, 
  judging from my family which lives in the north and south of germany there have been more break ins over the past years . 
  polices says its mostly gangs from romania . 
  at this point i 'm sure all of this just a distraction from actual politics ... 
  sure this is not the end of reaching a fully renewable energy supply but one big milestone on the way . 
  just had the impression that many posters do n't see the great success but only the problems that still lie ahead . 
  still pretty neat though huh ? 
  this means that under optimal circumstances it is possible , which is better than impossible  and if they can push further this will happen more and more often . 
  that 's because berlin is dirt cheap :d going to the cinema in other cities easily sets you back 10 $ or more . 
  + insane prices for food :(, 
  i was refering to the na ` vi , 
  or a species ... 
  energy concerns everyone , not just the owner of the device . 
  the trigger finger is only rarely needed for guns anymore . 
  it 's reserved for calculators and counting sweet sweet money :3, 
  thank you for sharing this with us . 
  would n't even mind if it 's made up because it still speaks truth , 
  thank you very much for your effort , i 'll read the article !, 
  wow thanks for clearing this up for me , 
  how does this work ? 
  i see ( i guess ) thanks, 
  thanks for the crash course  where do you get this information from ( e.g. 
  concerning deutsche bank ) ? 
  i saw the infographic before but was quite confused by it / it seemed like it only affected the us . 
  can someone please explain to me how the libor incident affects europe ? 
  i tried to wrap my head around what happened / is happening but i did not find out if other countries are affected by it outside the us . 
   that 's ~ ~ crazy ~ ~ great , just , fair, 
  like hug ? ... 
  we ca n't really lose either way right ? 
  we either end up producing less waste , or manage the waste in way it can be reused again and again  glad there 's stuff going on in the eu that does n't seem to screw me over :d, 
  uh i 'd take prison in stead of losing 4 times the amount wasted working ... 
  either way the punishment feels out of touch to me . 
  is the cash amount linked to her income ? 
  yeah one anual salary please . 
  seems apropriate , 
  or you could say it trippled the amount of renewable energy :d keep this up and everything will be k :d, 
  you are talking about an increase to the population of 0,1 % ... afaik germany took in 1 % ... 
  not sure if serious oo 10k people / year doesnt seem like something that will take down a country ... 
  yeah us germans have been getting it for more than 60 years now !, 
  this sounds interesting !, 
  can you point me to an ( english or german ) article or paper on it ? 
  best of luck :d, 
  how do you do that oo ? 
  the strange thing is that nobody seemed to question why there was a ladder next to the roof window that was easily reachable with the construction going on outside ... what if they actually crashed some real art heist that someone had prepared :d ? 
  he said they spent like 30mins walking around drunkenly doing nothing at all and still they accused them of being some criminal masterminds ... 
  yes he said it comes down to stealing from all of humanity . 
  i know the guy that broke in the worst part is , that the prosecution said he did it on purpose and chose the most valuable picture . 
  he ended up spending one year in jail while the investigation was going on because art theft is some serious crime : /, 
  medival historian once told me that all of these terms are not clearly defined . 
  seriously ? 
  it seems like a very important first step to full legalization, 
  you forgot to say / s :o, 
  so eye for an eye then ? 
  what a destructive attitude , you just validate the others actions by mirroring then .
