  the uk is n't a federation, 
  the campaign has n't even started yet and it 's clear it 's going to be a copy & paste job , exact same tactics . 
  funny enough you can see a repeat in tactics in the labour leadership campaign too , they 're reusing the `` cybernat '' narrative to taint jeremy corbyn and i expect the same will happen with the eu ref when it eventually begins . 
  ca n't wait to find out what gordon browns last minute intervention will look like in the eu ref . 
  aside from a couple of jokes about glasgow being improved by an explosion which explain themselves the rest are all about the last time terrorists tried to bomb glasgow airport , they crashed their car into the bollards and before they could detonate the bomb they were attacked by onlookers . 
  one of them is called john smeaton . 
   that scots care more about community , and people in general , than the english was a frequently repeated idea throughout the independence referendum . 
  ehhh no , it was that the idea of how you care for people and what community is is different , not exactly controversial since england is pretty conservative where words like socialist are dirty words . 
  not a case of better or worse just different . 
  is your british nationalism a bad thing ? 
  exactly right , you just have to look what happened in scotland once the referendum was out of the way , suddenly talk of federalism and reworked constitutional settlements became some more powers for the scottish parliament . 
  negotiation on terms before the referendum is a must otherwise you 're just over a barrel . 
  by the time another referendum comes around it 'll probably be charles as king so that might change feelings but fundamentally as things stand we 'd have kept the monarchy but probably brought it back to being king/queen of scots not scotland with the idea of popular sovereignty that traditionally existed in that . 
  the oil thing is just a nice what if by this point , the legacy of it as just another cog in the chronic mismanagement of our economy remains though . 
  in the scottish independence debate alex salmond used to say england will lose a `` surly lodger '' and gain a `` good neighbour '' , i think he 'd have been right too . 
  it 's amazing how closely in some respects the events in catalonia are mirroring those in scotland , an unwillingness to federate or consider meaningful reform in the uk led so many to vote independence in the first place and now afterwards not only are they not following through they 're actually going the opposite direction . 
  explains why catalan flags were a common sight during our independence referendum . 
  that 's chips on shoulders talking . 
  i was in scotland , sounds like you 're just making shite up . 
  probably recognising there 's a difference between nationalism that says we 're better than everyone else and nationalism that says we 're just as good as anyone else . 
  also bit rich to talk like that considering just a few days ago you were admitting you 're an emotion based nationalist https://www.reddit.com/r/scotland/comments/3f0cpk/t_in_the_park_received_secret_taxpayer_funding/ctkh3ts?context=3, 
  the upcoming referendum is n't post-legislative though ? 
  if this is such a great free trade show waiting to happen , why has n't it been seized upon by all those countries ? 
  you seem to be assuming that what will be necessary for the uk will be appealing for the commonwealth . 
  i do n't see any mention of air strikes , only tanks bombing . 
   a government that can blame the people for all of the countries problems for the next 10-20yrs in any democracy , a government that blames the people does n't last all that long , in a democracy , everyone , * everyone * can hold blame except for the people who half the time are the root of the problem . 
  under this definition , nicola sturgeon is a eurosceptic and the snp is a eurosceptic party . 
  this is using the traditional meaning of euro-scepticism , as in literally being sceptical rather than opposed as it has come to mean . 
  on balance most scots , according to polling are looking at the bad of the eu , looking at the good , weighing it all up and deciding by a clear majority that being in the eu is better than being out of it . 
  the point is opposing the leadership is an exercise in futility , life just gets worse , comply , be happy and grateful and things will improve . 
  the beatings will continue until morale improves . 
   manuel barosso , who at the time was the head of the eu , came out and said scotland would n't continue being a member and would have to re-apply . 
  that was convincing enough . 
  no , he said that any place that declared independence from a member state would cease to be part of that member state and therefore cease to be part of the european union and would have to reapply . 
  that was n't the position of the scottish government though , they were n't saying lets declare independence then negotiate membership , they were saying lets negotiate our eu membership before we declare independence officially , while still a member of the uk & therefore eu . 
  opinion was split . 
  europe and eu being used interchangeably is n't new . 
   i mean come on , you 're campaigning for independence but want your fiscal policy to stay in the hands of mr. osborne , they were getting a beating for that from independence campaigners too , even most snp supporters never got why they went that route . 
   you want to keep the bbc but leave britain the plan was to create a sbc which among other things would buy content from the bbc as tons of other countries already do , it 's not the crazy thing it was made out to be . 
   and they insisted that scotland would automatically remain a member of the eu even though the european commission and pretty much every other expert in international law and treaties said that it would play out differently . 
  not true , the european commission never gave an opinion ( only the member state can ask for an opinion , the member state being the uk refused to do so ) opinion on whether the proposal would work was far far more split than what you 're suggesting and even today there 's no definitive answer . 
  edit : also , we 're talking about devolution , not independence , we 're talking about what has happened since the referendum not before it . 
  the funny things is though , despite the clear as day situation that turkey wo n't be in the eu any time in the next couple decades without major changes , their accession is being talked about by ukip as a certainty and it 's actually becoming a talking point for the leave campaign . 
   i 'd also note that the uk did far more to keep scotland than eu is doing to keep the eu . 
  the reforms and devolution given to scotland were very wide reaching , no , no they were n't we 'd already voted so we got some guff and a few tax powers designed to limit their use . 
  9 % of people thought the outcomes fulfilled the vow , 9 % . 
  more thought cameron walked away with a good deal from the eu the other day , something like 30 % to put that 9 % in perspective . 
  that 's how good a deal we got . 
  i get that the media in england present it as the ruk have been wonderful to scotland and we 're just ungrateful but that 's not the truth at all . 
  my link proves your point ? 
  how so ? 
  did you make it to the regional polling section ? 
  that poll has no source , no indication of who conducted it , what hte sample size etc etc etc , there 's no indication where it came from . 
  you just have to have a quick browse through [ this page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_united_kingdom_european_union_membership_referendum#regional_polling ) to see the differences . 
  well if you only read the ft then no wonder you do n't see them , the tl ; dr of it is she spent the time between becoming fm and the ge basically being torn to shreds every single day , it 's cooled significantly since then for obvious reasons though still ongoing . 
  i do n't know how you can not have seen personal criticism of sturgeon in the press , do you not live in scotland or something ? 
   the attack pieces on appearance etc do n't happen to sturgeon . 
  probably a direct result of her calling them out on it [ last year ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/nicola-sturgeon/11847796/nicola-sturgeon-attacks-cruel-commentary-on-her-looks.html ) after a ton of exactly that ( along with insightful pieces about barbie dolls and toothy blowjobs ) if you 're * seriously * trying to say sturgeon gets a free ride from the press then ... wow . 
   and if it continues with `` so you wo n't rule out a second ... '' she just responds with `` we have absolutely no plans for a second referendum and as i 've said i want to talk about the eu referendum '' and stop answering questions . 
  you mean something that she 'd be quoted to death on , instead of nicola sturgeon plans new referendums it 'd be nicola sturgeon backpedals on no plans for new referendum , she 's just not falling into that clearly set trap . 
   i think it 's fairly clear she 's making plausibly deniable dogwhistle things so that the people very keen on independence do n't give up hope . 
  the press have a chew toy in the way of sturgeon and the snp and they 're happy playing with it very often , the way you 're talking you 'd think they just write what they think is happening rather than what they think will sell . 
  sturgeon can say something , nothing or dodge the question on another referendum and she 'll be called out on secretly plotting another . 
  for the papers that do this , unlike for politicians in the rest of the uk , the snp only exists for them to hold over england as an eternal bogeyman , the same rules do n't apply , you only have to look at this thread , the amount of people who think she continually campaigns for a second referendum . 
  the naivety is from those who ca n't see the reasons for separate readerships being treated separately . 
  any law passed by the scottish parliament has to comply with eu legislation , it 's built into the foundation of the parliaments authority . 
  in the sense of the legal system we 're good to go . 
  i for one am glad that we have someone who 'll stand up for us , it 's telling when `` force tension '' means do n't be shit on and say thank you for the honour . 
  not at all , what happens is every other * day * a newspaper regurgitates the same tired old story . 
  the fact you call him `` king salmond '' suggests the sort of attitude that would mean you were abusive and derogatory about those you disagreed with all while thinking you were being curt and respectful . 
  tl ; dr , you sound like some of the scum that told me to prepare for `` british vengeance '', 
  it was n't yes campaigners who had a riot to `` reclaim '' the city after it voted yes . 
  it 's genuinely amazing , the abuse yes campaigners received that just got glossed over , someone tried to run alex salmond off the road a couple weeks later someone threw an egg at jim murphy ( while many yes campaigners tried to stop him ) bet i know which of those you heard about . 
  i mean , i assume we 're talking a long way off and europe is federating , in that case i can see something similar to the us , a single army , navy , air force etc but each member has the option to maintain a national guard . 
  basically we 'd be mirroring the us 's history on that one , some places have poorly trained armed forces so by allowing them to keep it but making a pan-eu force too that is regulated at eu level you get a similarly effective force wherever it was trained . 
  whether it 's desirable though is another question , i align with the realist view , that the reason we have effective global peace at the moment is because we 're in a mono-polar world with only one mighty military power , i 'm not all that sure encouraging a multi-polar world would be that great an idea . 
  well , at least you 're honest about misdirected blame . 
  it was only in the latter half of 2013 it became socially acceptable to say you were voting yes without knowing at least one person would shoot you a death stare , this rewrite where no voters were silent as church mice is a little grating and i expect similar will happen with this eu ref . 
  so it 's a problem of the uk governments creation but the eu pays the price ? 
  the no camp were anything but quiet . 
  the question do you want to remain part of the uk is a vastly different one from do you want to split off from scotland . 
  if it 's what they actually wanted then i 'd be fine with them doing that but so far everything has pointed to the opposite and only finds purchase among disgruntled unionists . 
  no but a similar sentiment to the one / u/heimheit just made often cropped up . 
  [ it 's called the sub crawl ] ( http://www.getintogovan.com/attractions/est-ligula-fringilla-ante-laoreet/ ), 
  there 's something wrong with those euro conversions , no way 165k = 215k where 298k = 257k, 
   there is still the parallel that english media was `` fudge scotland is going to leave '' and scottish media was `` suck it england we are going to leave '' the scottish media supportive of a leave vote amounted to a single sunday newspaper , the rest were pro-union or * officially * neutral . 
  that ones even funnier because it actually ended up being believed , you 'll still find elderly people who insist that this happened . 
  the edinburgh agreement is what made it binding . 
  pretty much . 
  not a fan of most of what jim sillars has to say but he made the point well [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pohfkki52m ), 
  scotland was * temporarily * granted the power by westminster . 
  westminster can consider activating article 50 as many times as it likes , scotland must ask permission to do the analogous actions for leaving the uk . 
  having the option to leave always present means that any actions `` imposed '' by the eu are voluntarily accepted even if disagreed with because the country has determined that the negatives are outweighed by the positives . 
  meh , i see recent events as a perfect example of why we need the eu , we 're seeing right now what a europe of self interested states would look like and that 's just on immigration , so inefficient and each nations attempt to look out for their own self interest leads to harming the others around them who in turn have to do things that harm the others . 
  on and on it goes . 
  right now we are looking at the surest example yet of why we in europe need a united approach to dealing with external problems but somehow , in an incredible turn of events the poor handling of this by the nation states has been seen as the eu 's fault . 
  i wish someone would have the balls to stand up and say this . 
  yeah , i could n't have cared less if he 'd won every demand to its fullest , nobody is arguing over reform , they 're arguing over uk opt outs and nonsense ones at that . 
  seems to me there 's going to be three main campaigns going on , one to leave , one to stay with a few opt-outs that undermine the eu but make the uk a bit more powerful ( as though it 's lacking ) and one to stay and try to make the eu function more effectively . 
  unfortunately i think the wrong stay campaign is the one pushing for `` change '',
