  in scotland they can pop up anywhere , a call centre job is often seen as a really shitty `` any fucker can do this '' job . 
  in england companies wo n't even setup in some areas because of the accent . 
  call centres in glasgow require you to put on the telephone voice though , everyone can do it where you basically anglicise your speech pattern . 
  calling them liars is wrong , they knowingly obfuscated issues especially in regards to devolution after a no vote but i would n't say lie , basically it was their attitude towards yes supporters who made up a massive proportion of their voters just stunk . 
  their attitude was basically this : `` those who vote yes are scum of the earth and irredeemable and when all of this is done you 'll vote for us because that 's what good scots who love their families do . 
  oh , and please try to be respectful in this debate you bunch of cretins '' they were horrible towards yes voters in the referendum , their entire strategy was to keep the no voters they had happy rather than try to win people back so they did that by othering us which played very well , then they were shocked when people did n't flock to vote for them a few months later . 
  right but she 's dead quiet when it comes to domestic policies , as soon as you get her talking about that she flounders in the polls , it 's what happened last time too . 
  nah it really does n't , she 's good with big eye catching performances but actually pretty poor politically speaking . 
  she 's just a bit of a personality cult built on nothing of substance hence all the jokes about the `` ruth davidson party for ruth davidson '', 
   it 's not so bad in scotland because you have a scottish accent and there variations of that same accent . 
  nah it happens a lot in scotland to the extent that you have to cancel out your scottish accent . 
  if you heard michael gove or michael fallon speak you 'd never know they were scottish unless told it 's like that with pretty much most prominent scots , some keep a twang to theirs but it 's still pretty hard to call their accents scottish . 
  that 's totally untrue , even if they refused point blank to spend the block grant and donated it back to the treasury it would still be counted as scottish spending . 
  pretty much this , they 've ran with this story for so long they ca n't just pretend they never , but it 's clear that the spanish government will make this very clear over the next few years in a way that will be unavoidable to most so it 's better for the press if they make out that there is a change in position on the part of the spanish rather than a change in narrative on the part of the press . 
  still living in china ? 
  the sun supports them because the sun supports the people who they think are going to win , sometimes [ they get it wrong ] ( http://politicalbetting.s3.amazonaws.com/2011+jan/scottish+sun+election+day+2007.jpg ) but most of the time they get it [ spot on ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/media/images/82661000/jpg/_82661242_collage.jpg ) even if it does lead to interesting comparisons between the different editions . 
  we got some powers but nothing like what was alluded to , as you can see from your other reply , the lawyer style rebuttal that technically it was n't promised in the first place is well in use . 
  the vow was made in a wider context than that one `` pledge '' we were hearing about near federalism , devo-max , it was understood that this was what the vow was in reference to , that 's what all public discourse on devolution after a no vote was focused on , the wording of the vow was sufficiently vague that they have that get out clause but the truth is they knew what they were alluding to and people know it . 
  there was a yougov poll a while back that said only something like 9 % of people agreed that the vow had been kept . 
  well yeah , there 's that but the icing on the cake of this speech is he made an eerily similar one prior to our last referendum which was roundly viewed as having swung the vote back towards a no vote and those promises were totally and utterly reneged upon . 
  brexit is a big deal true but there is so much more under the surface and this is just one example . 
  they actually built that town in the full knowledge that it was a disaster waiting to happen all because they knew it 'd be a pretty picture . 
  there 's a reason for that , lots of canadians are descended from scots , nova scotia means new scotland . 
  they get all the attention for saying aboot but they get it from us . 
  i suppose i should say unionist press tbf , good catch . 
  yes quite a few of the right wing press are reporting similar nonsense . 
  this happened last time too , they 'd throw out a nonsense story and leave everyone debating it and do the same the next day . 
  a lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes, 
  she has not abandoned eu membership ffs . 
  the shite the right wing press gets away with in this country is beyond ridiculous . 
  if this happened i 'd be pretty happy , i think most voters of parties like wilders just want to know that their politicians wo n't meekly accept every piece of nonsense like this that comes their way . 
  i think we already established that you are an express reader , no need to add confirmation . 
  oh for gods sake , there are criticisms to be made of the snp but this sort of drivel is just low brow express readers stuff . 
  the snp after their new labour moment in the early 80 's which salmond lead the way in reforming has followed the same broad outline , staunch europhile , left of centre , maintain the post-war consensus . 
  i mean take the pound thing you 're quoting there , it 's actually pretty reasonable if not necessary to chop and change economic strategies when they are shown not to work , he supported the euro at its inception because the strong pound which was beneficial for the south east of england was hampering scottish exports . 
  why so many fall for this sort of baseless analysis of their motivations i 'll never know . 
  nah , history will rest blame with whosoevers hand is on the tiller at the time of the event . 
  if anyone truly deserved the blame it would be thatcher , ending the belief in the post-war consensus in england without managing to do so in scotland has put us on very different paths ever since . 
  important to note he is n't supporting independence , just saying it is n't his place to oppose there being a vote , it does n't sit well with a lot of people that we have to ask permission to have a vote in the first place so this is probably a good thing to have said even if it will go down terribly . 
  and tbf they got a lot of stick for being the `` scottish/tartan mafia '' the fact that there was more than one scot in a prominent position did n't sit well with a lot of people . 
   is the obr prediction there ? 
  no there 's literally 6 and you could n't even be bothered to check them , yes , the obr prediction is there and right now estimated we 'd be at about $ 95 per barrel . 
  [ here are the different organisations forecasts at the time ] ( https://gyazo.com/2c641bedf73214a8c81f5d57623f37c5 ) though you calling it the white book is leading me to believe you are either trolling or poorly informed cause nobody would call it that . 
  same rationale as saying spain , they have parts of their territories that have the potential to become breakaway states and they want to set an example . 
  same rationale as saying spain would just saying belgium instead , months back people were saying france instead of spain but it seems belgium has landed as the favoured successor . 
  the spanish veto thing has always been deliberately misconstrued to mean spain would veto under any and all circumstances to dissuade catalonia , ignoring that there are quite a few examples of countries that have seceded from others now members states of the eu . 
  if we go through a legal process which the ruk agrees with then spain wo n't object on that basis , they only want to be able to make sure that parts of countries ca n't break off without the parent states approval then join the eu . 
  basically it 's the difference between them opposing kosovo applying and not objecting to croatia . 
  also , now that people are * finally * starting to get the message about spain , the people who spread it in the first place have started saying belgium will veto instead and it is very very grating . 
  no it 's a serious difference , men having sex with boys is not gay , it 's paedophilia , just like them having sex with girls is n't straight , it 's paedophilia . 
  they are n't attracted to them for their gender . 
   to fondle boys as a man you 'd have to be gay your implications are frankly put ... wrong . 
  because these things can happen very fast , people are talking like scotland will cease to be compliant with eu legislation on day one , it wont , we will automatically fulfil most criteria off the bat , that 's the point , accession can be swift by following the exact same procedure as everyone else . 
  what do you mean by spain , please do n't say they will veto because if i hear that myth one more time i 'll have an aneurysm . 
  there has been one independence referendum in history , in their last manifesto they said they 'd want the right to hold another if it became clear that a clear majority wanted it or if something truly massive changed , and they gave a pertinent example but one that they thought was unlikely to actually happen . 
  people who say they are just calling for referendums till they get the result they want are either misinformed or are being intellectually dishonest . 
  the funny thing is that they actually did , in the 2015 election it was basically the three unionist parties acting like the referendum was still running , campaigning for no as a reason to be elected with the snp meekly just wanting to talk about domestic policy . 
  2016 the snp were more forthright but even then they said independence would only come on the table if it 's what a vast majority of people said they wanted or ( and this seemed very unlikely at the time ) the uk votes out , scotland votes in . 
  for all intents and purposes , until brexit the snp were putting up the bare minimum and letting the matter lay . 
  you 're right it is n't but even as things stand , discounting oil we are around uk average economically speaking which actually means we 're just about keeping our head above water , most are way below average with london pulling the overall average up . 
  to try and pre-empt the question being asked why nicola sturgeon has n't called a referendum yet and all the ( quite uninformed tbh ) chatter that it 's because she is too afraid that she 'll lose : she has set out a compromise position that if the uk government meets she will not hold a second referendum , in effect she is trying to balance two referendum results in scotland for remaining in unions when both are now in conflict . 
  while the uk government has seemed completely uninterested in even considering the proposals they have n't officially said no yet , so if she calls one now then they could come out and say that they had been perfectly willing to try but she jumped the gun . 
  basically she has to do things in the right order and that order demands that for now she continues talking about the possibility should the uk government not consider the scottish position . 
  this sort of sentiment is hardly new . 
  pretty much is . 
  if they vote to do so why not ? 
  the first question on most peoples minds when hearing about a countrys election that is a member of the eu right now is where the candidates stand on the eu . 
  maybe for someone who hates immigrants . 
  they were difficult to achieve but they were certainly not impossible . 
  compromise number one for example was that the uk as a whole should stay in the single market . 
  what the hell is so difficult about that ? 
  it 's simply a case of westminster viewing compromise as unnecessary . 
  i find this whole line of argument ridiculous , in 310 years we 've had 1 vote on whether or not to leave the uk and after our first one was decided on a relatively slim majority for staying the constitutional settlement we 'd voted on in 2014 shifted immensely . 
  even at that the snp have n't demanded a second referendum take place , they 've put forward compromises all of which have been ignored so yeah , of course the only route left to them/us is going to be heading back to the polls . 
  and we can do so again . 
  same , brother and sister too . 
  blonde hair when i was wee , dark brown now . 
  that seems like a perfect formation to reclaim land . 
  it 's just gaelic , the outer hebrides are like the last bastion of gaelic speaking in scotland , the northern isles spoke norn not gaelic, 
  fulfilling agreed upon obligations is the furthest thing from unreasonable . 
  the thumbnail looks like an old version of alliser thorne, 
  they still make this , there was a maya the bee movie a few years ago, 
  people like change , even if it is just a lick of paint . 
  [ you 're wrong , this is the correct quote ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjmjqlopd6a ), 
  so is there nothing to stop some absent minded driver not realising it is facing the wrong way one day driving off the edge ? 
  it 's a beautiful bridge too , but that is quite amazing that it is n't anchored !, 
  most of the uk is nowhere near as rich as the average , it 's because london is so astronomically high the average is dragged way up . 
  but they breathe the same air , this is n't like poverty where you can live near it and be unaffected , how is it not in everyones interest for them to do something ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  well being fair it was being made to carry more than double the traffic it was designed for , the new one will take the stress off it and allow repairs to be made so it will probably last a hell of a lot longer now . 
  [ too true , look how much we love building bridges , 1 is never enough , we just completed the one in the foreground yesterday ] ( http://www.ramboll.co.uk/~/media/images/ruk/news/2016/2016-10-14%20qfc%20in%20gb%20records/image%20gallery/queensferry%20guinness%20wbor1280x720.jpg ), 
  the scottish government is looking at offering it for free but that 's relatively recent development so not in effect yet . 
  the whole uk government website is like that now , a good few years ago it had a complete overhaul and this was the result , it 's a very user friendly design . 
  it 's actually pretty ironic how nice the uk government website is considering how utterly backwards they are in relation to the internet . 
   also , scotland leaving the uk is so ridiculous because they would be financially crippled the second they left . 
  they have no valuable resources since the price of oil died out the perception of scotland being totally dependent on oil is a nonsense and i do n't know where it has come from , the scottish economy has already outgrown the losses from the oil price collapse . 
  it 's a fundamentally strong economy , our problem is n't that there is n't any wealth , it 's that we do n't raise enough in tax to cover expense , that 's a problem but far from insurmountable and makes statements like the one you just made about us being financially crippled the second we left a nonsense . 
  scroll to figure 1 : annual levels of uk gdp , table a2 and yeah , the the population and gdp of scotland is pretty much as marginal as each other compared to the uk wholes . 
  the point is that the wildly inaccurate representation you were making that had the scottish economy retracting by a third were total nonsense . 
  your figures are all over the place just use the ons figures you have in your first link with ons figures in [ this ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/economy/grossdomesticproductgdp/bulletins/quarterlynationalaccounts/quarter1jantomar2016 ) link for 2015 also and compare scotland - # 152b uk as whole - # 1833b scotland population as % of uk - 8.3 % scotland gdp as % of uk gdp - 8.2 %,
