we 've a reputation for being tight with money despite being pretty generous, 
  the eu issue is where catalonia is safe because for catalonia to be out of the eu then the eu would have to recognise catalonia as not being a part of spain there will be plenty issues though because of how catalonia will declare independence that we 'll hear all about in scotland but the bit about it being because of it being unilateral will definitely be missed out so you 're right about this probably being a boon for those supporting the union in the uk, 
  has subsidy junkies and variations therein gone out of vogue or something ? 
  well good for your anecdotal experiences but overall things are getting worse, 
  i mean for the poorest not those with great wealth who you 're right are seeing further improvements . 
  no offence but things being worse somewhere else do n't make things better here and they certainly do n't mean we ca n't hope to improve . 
   actually the pm of spain specifically said that if scotland got automatic membership of the eu upon independence he would veto their entry . 
  you will have to link that because that would have been a massive development at the time . 
  there were also plenty of eu officials saying scotland would have been welcomed with open arms , since the uk government refused to consult with the eu we do n't have an official position . 
  you are kidding right ? 
  do you live in a bubble that you honestly do n't think there 's much poverty in scotland that 's staggering !, 
  spain always made clear that so long as scotland became independent in agreement with the rest of the uk then it would be fine with it . 
  i think even now the part about the eu is particularly telling ( i 've bolded it since we 're in this subreddit ), 
  * here is the full text of alex salmond 's prepared victory speech if scotland had voted yes to independence on september 18 2014 . 
  * `` in the early hours of this morning , scotland voted yes . 
  we are a nation reborn . 
  `` the community of this realm has spoken . 
  scotland shall be independent once again . 
  to those who voted no , i extend an immediate hand of friendship . 
  `` i do so with respect for our difference , with admiration for the passion and principle of an opposing view strongly held , and with the recognition that the joy of the majority be tempered by the disappointment of the minority . 
  `` we are one nation . 
  one scotland . 
  let us shape the future together . 
  `` this campaign reclaimed from politicians and parties the monopoly of power and decision-making . 
  `` this must be the start of new politics - a time when the voices of the many will be heard . 
  `` a time when the dispossessed and the forgotten assert their rights as citizens . 
  a time of empowerment and participation . 
  `` to our friends and families across these isles waking to our new democracy , we say this ; know that , in scotland , you will always have your closest friend , greatest ally and most steadfast partner . 
  `` independence is about equality and mutual respect . 
  those principles will define our new and unbreakable relationship . 
  `` i have just spoken with the prime minister . 
  `` this morning , we renewed our joint commitment under the edinburgh agreement to work constructively and positively to implement the will of the people . 
  that work starts immediately . 
  `` it is , however , important that the people of scotland remember this ; today , tomorrow and for the next 18 months our lives , businesses , shops , schools and hospitals continue exactly as before . 
  `` the dialogue to resolve any differences with the westminster government will continue in that period , and will smooth the transition to independence . 
  ** `` finally , i know that the eyes of the world are today on scotland . 
  ** ** `` we will use the unprecedented attention to make clear that scotland fully intends to be a constructive and progressive member of the international community ** . 
  ** `` our friends in europe should understand with total clarity that scotland 's future lies as a fully-engaged participant in the european union . 
  ** ** `` our path is towards inclusion and co-operation , not isolation . 
  ** ** `` but those matters are for another day . 
  ** `` this morning , i want every person , yes voters , no voters , everyone in this proud and ancient nation to pause , reflect upon and remember this greatest day in scotland 's history . 
  `` we did this . 
  we made it happen . 
  we believed . 
  we trusted ourselves and trusted each other . 
  `` a country reborn . 
  a democracy reclaimed . 
  we reach towards the future . 
  `` what we have done this day will inspire and empower not just this generation but the many yet unborn . 
  `` they will learn of this momentous day and thank you for investing your trust in each other . 
  and in them . '', 
  many were critical of the referendum itself, 
  we were never told that , it 's still an open ended issue with no clear cut answer , there are influential people in the eu who say yes and no , anyone who says one way or the other is being very selective . 
  like the uk government the spanish government is refusing to answer the question so we simply do n't know the actual answer . 
  then there 's the people from the rest of spain who seem to have a passing idea of the situation but talking as though they know the situation in great detail , so similar . 
  in the weeks leading up to it they cast aside the local reporters who had spent two years covering the issues and stories to bring in the `` professionals '' from london who never mind not understanding the issues barely understood the context ( the last few weeks was when the rest of the uk started tuning in on the issue ) . 
  months , even years old stories were re-reported as breaking news , people reiterating things that were long known about were talked about as though they were shocking developments . 
  mostly they based their entire lines of questioning on the caricature of the debate that had been presented in the rest of the uk for the whole time before , that was fine for people elsewhere but it was a very very noticeable drop in quality for anyone living in scotland who would be watching aware how simplistic and inaccurate the reporters were being . 
  the 2 years leading up to it were n't amazing or anything but the last stretch was really ridiculous . 
  looks like others are starting to see through the bbc . 
  cameron had the option and he was the one who took it off the table btw , to have a third question on the ballot for devo-max . 
  that could have been negotiated before the referendum but he played with fire as the other person said and now he 's doing it again with the eu and scotland bill . 
  no , scroll up for more recent uk in full results that was a link to regional results . 
  neither side has a majority at the moment uk wide . 
  http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/top-stories/new-scottish-independence-party-to-field-holyrood-candidates-1-3854660 and in that article nicola sturgeon says what she always says `` there would have to be a significant change in scotland 's political circumstances before another vote on leaving the uk could be held . '', 
  it 's frankly amazing how disjointed the presentation of scottish politics is in the rest of the uk , it would be fine if it were n't for the fact that so many in the rest of the uk think they 're experts in the subject never mind having the first clue . 
  the snp still believe in independence but they 've accepted the result and while they 'll continue to support it they know they need to win the second one or that 's it so no it 's plainly obvious to anyone who follows scottish politics that it 's be such sheer idiocy for the snp to go after another referendum right now . 
  like i said to the other person , a new party has formed because the snp is being so reserved on even talking about a second referendum and in scotland there 's questions about will they wont they for next years elections ... but in england it 's like it 's all they talk about the way people go on , it 's crazy and really goes to show what a media narrative can do , simply twist quotes to fit and you have yourself a scottish bodeyman . 
  do you ever read what is ** actually ** said ? , the english media has a bit of a penchant for using the snp as a one trick bogeyman , the reality of the situation is that the referendum result has been respected . 
  it says something when in scotland the snp has lost a bit of support and a new party formed because they 're not seen to be pursuing a second referendum but in england comments get twisted all the time to imply a second referendum is on the way . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to put it like that , really i personally do n't get the big deal with problems with the eu in the first place , i guess when you 're one of the `` not england '' countries in the uk , talk of national sovereignty being eroded by a large unresponsive union is a bit funny to hear . 
  but in saying that there are probably legitimate concerns that need addressing , and for what its worth , any time scotland tries to get the powers it was guaranteed newspapers all run with headlines of scotland wanting special treatment too so i 'm weary of using that wording . 
  there 's been no sense of entitlement of having been robbed and no demand for a re-run . 
  where the hell are you reading this absolute guff ? 
  it depends entirely on how the aftermath of the vote is handled , if there is no attempt at reconciliation and in fact quite prominent triumphalism which is then followed by backtracking on promises made about changes in how the eu operates in regards to the uk then eurosceptics will undoubtedly continue and no doubt pick up significant support in doing so . 
  if you want an example of that look at scotland . 
  that 's not quite right , polling has [ shown ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proposed_referendum_on_united_kingdom_membership_of_the_european_union#regional_polling ) quite a difference between scotland and england and wales when it comes to the eu , saying that though , while there tends to be a majority in favour of the eu in scotland it * is * a very shaky majority and i would n't be surprised if scotland ended up voting to leave as a whole . 
  depends if the eu is up for productive cooperation or not , you can see in scotland that after the result of the referendum the snp was visibly disheartened but also willing to look at cooperating over devolution , that suddenly became a take what you 're given situation from the uk government and parties in general and that has fueled them to electoral heights that they look set to pass yet again in may . 
  if the eu repeats the uk governments attitudes after the referendum in the case of a tight result then i 'd expect a similar scenario , if the eu takes a different path and attempts cooperation and conciliatory approaches then things can work out different . 
  maybe they could have reported on similar incidents against yes campaigners with the same gusto , and analyse what staying in the union meant for scotland , and not spent the final week reporting the old stories of companies declaring a preference as though they were brand new big stories . 
  that and a ton of other things but as i suspected it 'll all just be washed over because what 's a bit of bias between corporations and governments when it achieves an end goal ? 
  just hope you never find your politics coming into the firing line . 
  you people are pathetic , so caught up in demonising anyone whose politics is n't expressly unionist . 
  https://www.opendemocracy.net/ourkingdom/john-robertson/bbc-bias-and-scots-referendum-new-report the one that that really highlights and should be recognisable to anyone who viewed even a bit of the referendum coverage is how common linking independence as a personal project of alex salmond was . 
  the researcher was later harrassed by the bbc for publishing http://www.thedrum.com/opinion/2014/06/30/i-was-bullied-bbc-over-academic-report-indyref-bias-scottish-media-blackout-must so , is that sufficient or is this example of evidence somehow dismissable ? 
  so what you 're saying is `` i have n't watched the subject matter in question but because i disagree with your politics i 'll assume you and the countless others including those from the institution concerned are just nasty liars unless you can concisely sum up 2 years of political broadcasting for me '' that 's pretty much the definition of championing something mindlessly . 
  sorry i wo n't be indulging you in demonisation of people such as myself just because you disagree with our politics . 
  it 's always fun when people outwith scotland tell us what a beacon of impartiality bbc scotland was over the 2 years . 
   blackmail about not paying joint debt is n't a good reason . 
  how could it be joint debt if the assets that debt were paying for was being held as one sides property only . 
  the threat was if we 're not allowed a fair share of the assets then there sure as hell wont be a fair share of the debts . 
  when oil prices go up scotland 's tax take goes up , that 's not exactly rocket science and applies to any rising price in any sector in any country in the world . 
  so i 'm talking about contributions vs spending on a budget and you think that showing oils prices proves your point are you thick ? 
  of course you are just like all the other neo nazi xenphobes . 
  a million reasons , tons of individual people made individual decisions on the day whats all this about being lied to and about it being cause i 'm scottish keep your hateful xenophobia out of this, 
  those are oil prices ... did you even read what i said or are you one of those idiots that thinks 100 % of scotland 's economy is oil and the rest is subsidy from london that we ought to be grateful for ? 
   maybe someone else will come along who still has the patience left to argue the snp 's ridiculous whitepaper . 
  see we were n't talking about the whitepaper there we 're talking about scottish contributions vs spending and for over 30 years since records restarted they 've been higher in nearly every one of those years and before that when records stopped being kept in the 20 's it was because scotland contributed something like double what it spent and that was obviously something that needed to have a lid kept on it . 
  seems like you argued but never read or listened , so many of us dug right into the material and you 're just parroting scotland 's subsidised without knowing the background at all . 
  you ca n't just throw out statements like that without backing them up and if you 're going to make sure you do n't so the classic showing higher spending & ignoring contributions,
