  it 's travel time to the nearest capital and it 's apparently quicker to jump on the ferry at stranraer and drive to dublin for most of scotland than to go to london . 
  no worries , thanks for looking . 
  obviously i 'm not saying that the situations will follow the same path , just that there are always parallels that can be drawn . 
  but i 'm asking for polling as in their attitudes , attitudes are often unlinked to voting for parties . 
  and like i said , the movement for scottish home rule was explicitly unionist in nature until people started to decide it just was n't going to happen , i 'm saying if there 's even a sizeable minority asking for it and those calls do n't even get listened to then do n't be surprised if in a number of years they 're gaining traction . 
  is there any polls on it for what people in the area believe ? 
  in 1950 half the scottish population signed a petition for home rule ( means far reaching devolution ) but if you looked at the political parties stances etc you would call it barely a thing too, 
  that 's erm ... that 's hilariously untrue do n't get me wrong that kind of attitude exists but it 's like a 10 % minority the only reason the idea has any prominence is because during the referendum certain people needed a story to write based on preconceived ideas rather than reality and tavish scott was only too happy to help . 
  if they wanted to go their own way or stay in the uk then fine but they do n't so ... yeah . 
  yeah because it makes perfect sense if you do n't dramatically oversimplify it to an extreme and believe all political unions are the same . 
  for the longest time scotland was the same , but those calls went ignored until things reached a tipping point . 
  basically if you do n't want an independence movement to begin growing there then at least support a dialogue that will genuinely consider the request . 
  for these people admitting to being gay is like admitting to being a pedophile , that 's the comparison to make , would you be willing to admit to that , and call yourself persecuted , have your home government notified of this admission and probably your family too ? 
  not forgetting that a failed application means going home to be treated as such . 
  that 's how homosexuality is viewed in these countries , that 's why it irks me with the whole radical distinction , even the moderate refugees are going to have draconian attitudes on a whole bunch of topics . 
  every so often scots have a bit more representation than population would determine ( and are hounded for it and called the scottish raj etc ) but that means it 's a totally equal setup . 
  if you use it well it can become a very personal way to connect to many of your voters and you need that genuine touch if that is going to work . 
  you should 've had an option for that it 's not really recent . 
  you should 've had geography , history and mods s1 & s2 then options for s3 & s4 to choose one of those . 
  well it is in scotland as part of modern studies ( alongside the eu , scottish parliament and lots of american social issues for some reason ), 
  the eu is treated in many ways like the un is elsewhere in the uk , it 's this distant organisation that you do n't need to know about , it 's kind of expected that you 'd know about it as general knowledge but it 's pretty conceivable you know nothing about it beyond those two letters . 
  i always used to think it was 52 for some reason even though i knew it was 50, 
  yes , that 's the joke get ready to be painted as a simpleton / monster for even considering the possibility of leave . 
  also ** huzzzzzzzzah !!!!!, 
  ** is hereby the new ** freeeeeedom **, 
  what do you mean ? 
  they 've been pro-eu for decades now and during the referendum the debate over the eu was n't in or out it was which way would secure membership and it was a pretty large thing . 
  so it 's a pretty obvious trigger , one of the most obvious actually bar the uk trying to abolish the scottish parliament . 
  because it 's very obvious , i bet they 'll show videos of british pathe describing the height of empire on the night before the referendum . 
   scots are extremely pro european . 
  if britain leaves the eu , you can expect another scottish referendum within years . 
  just be clear here , it 's less that scots are more pro eu and more that they 're less anti-eu in scotland leave polls very low compared to ruk but stay polls about the same . 
   but of course scotland and wales leaving the uk is vanishingly unlikely . 
  wales i grant you but then it was never really realistic when it polls about 3 % scotland ? 
  after the shit show that was the scotland bill last night that 's bound to have put a percentage point in for leave on its own . 
  otherwise known as consensus based leadership and a focus on a conciliatory attitude though i do understand the need to over simplify it for some . 
  i remember you from / r/ukpolitics during the scottish independence referendum funny how you take it when the shoe is on the other foot . 
  i realise i 'm not saying the uk will leave the eu and become a magical land of money trees but yes what i said is quite realistic, 
  degaulle was right . 
  the uk wants something different from the eu so by being a part it will destroy the rest . 
  the uk will leave the eu in the next few years , that will lead ( over time , a decade or so ) to the break up of the uk with scotland reconsidering its options and more likely ni moving towards unification meaning both will be part of the eu in some way . 
  wales will stay with england but over the next 2 or 3 decades as the whole world starts to form larger trading blocs ( look at south america if you want to see how fast it happens ) eventually the ukoe & w will submit a new application to join the eu . 
  scotland 's doing ok out of that , a nice wee addition and new neighbours !, 
  labour never won the election with him as party leader , he got in midway through the cycle . 
  that might be dismissable if it was n't for the fact that scottish people being in high positions was referred to as the `` scottish raj '' that 's 10 years ago . 
  england decides the uk government which is supreme in the uk to all devolved governments , while theoretically the uk is a union of nations in practice like the guy said it is england and friends and it ca n't be any other way when one country is 85 % of the population . 
  the devolved nations ca n't even decide what powers they should hold while the british parliament which is in effect the english parliament is sovereign over not just england but wales scotland and northern ireland too . 
  theres a bit of a culture of being able to dish it out but not take it , stuff like this is seen as anti-english . 
  go back just over a year and plenty with the same flair as you would be expecting very similar things, 
  the public i 'm guessing ? 
  so is next year tbf . 
  just occurred to me i do n't really know how british emmigrants in the eu are handling it , what 's going on generally ? 
   there are a lot of other ethnic minorities in romania , the biggest being the hungarians at 7 % of the population at that point , whats the difference ? 
  2017 to start the process , january 2019 is the minimum before we actually leave . 
  no , if anything they 're louder , utterly convinced that if anything it has done good for us . 
  go on / r/ukpolitics and tell me they see the error of their ways . 
  such spending cuts are being touted regardless , at the beginning of this year it was planned to slash the scottish budget by billions above and beyond ongoing cuts . 
  you ca n't treat our current funding situation as certain , especially not when you consider what an easy vote winner promising to cut scottish spending is . 
  i sound like a brexiteer if brexiteers had evidence to back up what they had been saying, 
  what ? 
  that 's not even debateable , scotlands the last of the non southeast of england parts of the uk keeping its head above water , here on out we are set for a further downward spiral to reach north of england/northern ireland / conrwall etc levels of economic decline . 
  now it 's going down , independence is the last thing that might work , might make it sink further but anyone saying that staying in the uk is because of the great economic opportunities is having a laugh . 
  it 's a known economic route but it 's detrimental to scotland . 
  independence could be positive or negative in the longer term , staying in the union is known to be negative in the longer term but the question is just whether the negative of staying is greater or lesser than the negative of leaving . 
  the only reason to stay is that leaving might make the bad situation worse in the longer term but it 's not that it 's a case of good prospects in vs bad out as some seem to mistakenly believe . 
  i stopped posting in / / scotland a while back when the unionists were downvoting everything and complaining that people were pro-independence . 
  bit ironic that you 're the one complaining about a commenter talking about a country they are evidently pretty poorly informed on . 
  i ca n't believe that chip on the shoulder stuff like this gets upvotes even on / r/europe !, 
   the eiffel tower still kind fits somewhat harmoniously with its surroundings . 
  it really does n't though , it 's only the passage of time that changed it from a hulking monstrosity that does n't fit in to the best know symbol of france worldwide . 
  plenty of england complaining downward at scotland too , smaller complains upward does n't seem to hold when scotland , immigrants , eu etc etc have been blamed for englands problems in recent years . 
  nessie when she 's on the lash . 
  just to add the situation is the same here . 
  most likely a new scottish currency pegged to the pound for the first few years . 
  3 % is for euro not eu . 
  yeah , if she says that a bit more firmly i 'll probably send a letter of thanks to her for the effect it 'll have . 
  as it stands it 's too loosely worded and will be played down by the more staunchly unionist press . 
  nah anti-scottish sentiments always been about and nigel farage in particular was often fond of it , it 'll be ramped up a fair wee bit but we 're fairly used to it as is . 
  basically we get to stay in the eu and the price we have to pay is face some more anti-scottish sentiment than normal , mostly from angry leave voters . 
  price worth paying imo . 
  if you 're here on day one of independence then it 's automatic , if not then you 're eligible to apply and would likely have an easy time of it . 
  what else was he going to do ? 
  tell us he was well aware he 'd sold us a pig in a poke but we 'd already voted so haha ? 
  no like i say we would n't want the formal opt-out , the informal one that allows us to keep our own currency until we are ready and willing to join would be enough . 
  not that i 've seen anyone actually wanting a formal opt out from the euro , your comparison to denmark as being nothing like scotland is nonsense . 
  country | population | gdp ( usd ) | : -- | : -- | : -- | denmark | 5,614,000 | 295 bn | scotland | 5,347,600 | 216 bn |, 
  he 'll have to tiptoe around this one so i 'll give you an answer . 
  in the uk we are n't all that important , we certainly are n't respected as a country . 
  as part of the eu , if our interests are opposed to a french/german supported initiative then we have options of recourse , as you say we would n't be the only small nation in the eu , we 'd be one of many so we have the option to seek out alliances with other countries , dio n't forget that under qmv which the eu is switching to , 65 % of the total eu population must be in favour but so too must 55 % of eu * countries * . 
  as part of the eu if there 's a contentious issue we can seek out allies , in the uk when there 's a contentious issue , if england decides it 's in favour then that settles the issue and there 's nothing to be done . 
  if you want the perfect example , look at the scotland bill last year , every amendment by scottish mp 's was ignored , non-scottish mp 's barely showed up to debate the issues then when it came time to vote the house was packed with laughter from the tory benches as they voted down amendments one by one . 
  the benefits of the eu ca n't really be seen until they cease to apply . 
  i 've a feeling that lots of eu countries with gripes with the eu will be watching the uk if it leaves and realising that it is n't actually so bad at all . 
  britain means the uk , great britain means the largest island . 
  sounds like a great idea !, 
  probably * relatively * cheap especially compared to something like erasmus and would do far more to bring the average persons together . 
  even if the bet is for charity , can the guy not see that this will play right into farages `` elites '' narrative , where friendly wagers are made with six figure sums ? 
  not that nige wo n't be able to afford it or anything but he 's cultivated a bit of an image like he 's some working class guy . 
  i mean it made me consider something i had n't really before , a little self involved i know but i 'd always pictured my idea of a social europe adopting very liberal social attitudes , this gave me pause for thought that maybe it could end up happening but go the other way , i 'm not as convinced that the pro gay rights attitudes that have became dominant in only the last 2 decades in western europe are on as solid foundations as most think . 
  my point is that our coverage of the result and the 2 weeks before the vote was the same as yours .
