  despite us having 2 years of scottish news reporters becoming intimately aware of the campaigns , arguments and people and reporting on each development literally every single night , they were all pushed aside in the final 2 weeks when journalists and presenters were flown in from london to bring the rest of the uk into the debate and as a result the last leg of the referendum had very dumbed down coverage so that it was relateable to an audience that had missed 99 % of it . 
  if you want an example of this , here 's my favourite : johann lamont was leader of scottish labour throughout the 2 year long referendum campaign , she was n't the best politically speaking but she was prominent , she was the face of labour for it all . 
  a month after the result she resigned her post , and when the bbc news teams reported on it they did n't know how to pronounce her name . 
  this has actually made me reconsider my vote on thursday a bit , i 'm in with the idea of building a social europe but if these are the attitudes of one of the more prominent members then maybe i 'm betting on the wrong horse . 
   nb : you do n't have to be british to contribute . 
  we 'd be interested in those who are n't british or are n't living in the uk reporting as well , as this will enable us to pick up any reactions coming from other countries and also helps share the burden out in terms of time zones !, 
  i 'd really really like for this to happen , especially to see how other countries react . 
  in the scottish referendum , in the last two weeks the uk-wide media basically took over the show , it was when uk-wide interest in our referendum became a thing , the problem though was that it meant a scottish perspective on the final leg and aftermath was noticeably missing . 
  i worry that something similar will happen here where whatever the result the only lens we 'll get to see through is a uk one so i 'd like to know what other countries media , politicians and people are saying and thinking . 
  i 'd actually say it 's pretty vital to have non-uk contributors . 
   no , scotland agreed that it was not an independent country . 
  no , it agreed that it should n't under the circumstances , in the event of the rest of the uk dragging us out of the eu , those circumstances will have changed drastically . 
   if polls show that a significant portion of the scottish want independence in the case of a brexit , then we can talk about another referendum . 
  no more wasting money on babying scotland . 
  obviously you have quite a dismissive attitude toward scotland and that accompanying your anti-democratic attitudes is leading to this attitude from you . 
  and for the record , it 's scotland that paid for the last referendum , the uk does n't spend a penny on them . 
  the referendum agreed to scotland being part of a uk that is part of the eu , if people vote a majority for both in scotland then there 's obviously a conflict there that needs resolved . 
  actually it 's pretty much entirely down to scottish labour and tories . 
  spain is only interested in deterring unilateral declarations of independence , they made it clear in 2014 that if scotland left teh uk and the uk agreed then everything would be above board and they 'd have no problem accepting scotland . 
  they do n't care unless it 's a udi . 
  they were big signs that if they managed to be in government they 'd have the ability to do so , like i said , all indications pointed to that not being the case . 
   the mandate of the referendum overshadows one point in a many point snp manifesto exactly , like you say it was a big point that overshadowed the rest , i 'm not exactly sure of your point there since it kinda goes right against the rest of what you 're saying . 
   the question of whether or not the uk would remain in the eu was very openly on the table during the scottish referendum . 
  not quite as firmly as you remember , the general election was predicted to result in a hung parliament , it was generally thought that an eu referendum would n't actually make it into being since it 'd need a majority mp 's which labour , snp and lib dems would block . 
   democratically chosen by referendum , so no , they would n't . 
  if in the case our democratically elected national government seeks to implement a manifesto pledge that they just won on and is refused by westminster then yes , that 'd be colonial governance , democracy begets democracy , the fact this upcoming referendum result will be democratic does n't mean that a referendum happening as a consequence of that would n't be . 
  it would take quite a bit of doing and lets face it would n't be tenable , but by looking for an alternative they 're abiding by the result in 2014 , looking for a way the scottish people can have both the eu and uk which is what was shown to be wanted when the ( rest of ) the uk has chosen to leave the eu . 
  if it proves unworkable then they will they be able to go for another referendum on the basis that they have tried to make this situation work but found there to be no way to be able to do so and so it 's up to scotland which union they want . 
  of course this all depends on the outcome of the vote a week from now . 
   the percentages in that graph , adds up to over 100 % ? 
  it seems that last poll specifically has given an incorrect number ( looks like for undecided ) since it is in the [ poll itself ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/05/05/scottish-election-2016/ ) just a mistake by yougov . 
   calling multiple referendums in a short time is a subversion of democracy . 
  in what way , calling multiple referendums when there 's been no change in circumstances you 'd be right but leaving the eu removes a fundamental underpinning of the case for the union . 
   head of state is the scottish monarchy , tho : l it has n't been a scottish monarchy in 400 years , that was sort of the point of the union of the crowns . 
  but the monarch is not the government that 's be overriding scotland , the monarchy is the same one as for loads of countries around the world which the uk parliament has no say over , like i say , the uk government would be taking on the role of a colonial government . 
   it 's fallen to like 30/40 i 'm pretty sure . 
  i 've no idea where you 've plucked those figures from http://whatscotlandthinks.org/questions/how-would-you-vote-in-the-in-the-scottish-independence-referendum-if-held-now-a#line  not by any definition of either of those terms . 
  elective as in chosen using ones own volition , scotland currently chooses to continue as part of the uk . 
  colonial as in colonialism :  the system or policy by which a nation seeks to extend or retain its authority over other peoples or territories . 
   it would probably guarantee scotland eventually leaving , i 'll give you glad we agree then . 
  you have n't read the rest though have you ? 
  they 're actually saying if they can make scotland stay in the eu * and * uk even if the rest of the uk leaves the eu then they 'll do that ( like how greenland left the eu without leaving denmark which remained in ) but if that fails then they 'll look to independence again . 
  people seem to have drastically misunderstood what has been said . 
  you are of course correct but such a stance where a majority in scotland want one and westminster denies it would shift the form of governance from one of elective governance to colonial governance . 
  also support for independence has fallen in line with support for the union , when do n't knows are removed we 're still at 45/55 roughly . 
  if the eu in the next 18 months proposed a new treaty requiring all previous opt-outs to be rescinded and basing the acceptance on qmv rather than allowing vetoes then yes , i think the eu would expect a second referendum . 
  what 's so surprising about the idea that a fundamental change to the political union which was agreed to be a part of would justify another look at whether or not a country should remain a part of it . 
  you people are nuts ... seriously nuts . 
  there 's generally nothing bad meant by stuff like little poland , it 's just you 'll have a few shops etc that are all polish in a row . 
  stuff like that is normally meant to be affectionate . 
  good idea , done !, 
  just think , that sweet karma could have been yours !!, 
  the great polish map of scotland was created by a polish tank operator decades after the war to thank the scottish people for the hospitality they showed to the poles stationed there during it . 
  in its original condition it was painted to include forests and a nearby stream supplied water to fill the basin as well as the lochs in the model . 
  [ it 's an interesting and heartwarming read if you want to know more ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_polish_map_of_scotland ), 
  brunei is under sharia law ... 
  it was a majority ~ ~ and ~ ~ whereas a hung parliament was seen as a certainty . 
  happy ? 
  you knew exactly what i was saying . 
  most seats was n't the predicted outcome , it was a majority and a hung parliament was seen as a certainty just with more tories than labour . 
  eh , the bookies got the british election a year ago and the scottish election last month wrong . 
  as someone who voted yes ( leave ) in the scottish referendum , the no ( remain ) voters were the most abusive , the only polling on the matter backs this up , those voting yes were twice as likely to suffer abuse for their politics . 
  the establishment was almost universally pro no ( remain ) meaning you only get one side of the story there was an epitome of this with an article about `` what to do when scottish nationalists move in next door '' that seems to have disappeared now but you 'll be able to find snippets if you search for that of the vitriol that became everyday for yes voters . 
  seeing it per gallon all the time i 've never really realised how cheap americans have it !, 
  to think how often people on reddit * complain * about american petrol prices . 
  it 's also largely due to the fact that much of the educated classes able to keep those countries functioning left when the foreign government did , no good having advanced equipment when you 've no idea how to use , maintain or build more of it . 
  it 's incredible how much more balanced the output is than it was during the scottish referendum , when i look at it now and see a divided press representing a divided country on the issue and think back to us having a single sunday newspaper representing one side of the debate it really actually amazes me the scale of it and how much better represented things are this time even if it 's an infinitely more shite campaign . 
  maybe he 's just of the degaulle school of thought , that the uk will ( continue ) to hold shit up in the eu . 
  dolly the sheep . 
  ( cloned ), 
  manchester . 
  birmingham is pretty widely regarded as being the one to currently hold this title . 
  near enough every city in the uk with large industry at the time was called the second city of the empire , it was like a guy telling each of his 10 girlfriends that they 're the special one . 
  what they sound like basically , the highlands were cleared of people to make way for sheep and deer . 
  it is one of the most infamous periods in recent scottish history due to the brutality and long lasting impact it has had . 
   the consternation and confusion were extreme . 
  little or no time was given for the removal of persons or property ; the people striving to remove the sick and the helpless before the fire should reach them ; next , struggling to save the most valuable of their effects . 
  the cries of the women and children , the roaring of the affrighted cattle , hunted at the same time by the yelling dogs of the shepherds amid the smoke and fire , altogether presented a scene that completely baffles description -- it required to be seen to be believed . 
   a dense cloud of smoke enveloped the whole country by day , and even extended far out to sea . 
  at night an awfully grand but terrific scene presented itself -- all the houses in an extensive district in flames at once . 
  i myself ascended a height about eleven o'clock in the evening , and counted two hundred and fifty blazing houses , many of the owners of which i personally knew , but whose present condition -- whether in or out of the flames -- i could not tell . 
  the conflagration lasted six days , till the whole of the dwellings were reduced to ashes or smoking ruins . 
  during one of these days a boat actually lost her way in the dense smoke as she approached the shore , but at night was enabled to reach a landing-place by the lurid light of the flames . 
  canada in particular got many highlanders fleeing , even today there is still a large diaspora . 
  ca n't speak to wales but scotlands potential for population growth has always been subsumed by emmigration , also while we have less land suitable for big settlements , the highland clearances pretty much ruined our chances of having major settlements there because the population was gone and never going back . 
  even today about 1 million scottish born people live in the rest of the uk alone which would equal an extra 20 % were they to move back . 
  [ you can see the challenge from this map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/population_density_map_in_scotland_from_the_2011_census.png/800px-population_density_map_in_scotland_from_the_2011_census.png ) that said , since free movement of people we have been reliably growing for the first time since the early 20th century . 
  glasgow was a major industrial centre too . 
  i know this is meant as a joke but gay prisoners in particular lead very solitary existences in the concentration camps , they were despised by other inmates as well as the nazis and even among themselves could n't be outwardly familiar because that would just attract punishment or death . 
  gay prisoners were n't released from the actual concentration camps when they were liberated . 
  homosexuality was still against german law ... so they were kept there till they could be transferred to prisons . 
  happened everywhere , it 's not long ago at all , like not even 20 years in the west where outing someone as gay could easily be a career ender . 
  yeah , scotland has long had poverty related issues comparable to ireland , just like ireland much of our population emigrated , it is only in the last 10 years with net immigration from the eu it is really started to grow , we were a country of 5 million in 1939 , we 're currently a country of 5.3 million . 
  again , ireland was suffering economically inside the union also , this presentation that everything was rosy then it left and everything went to shit is laughable , ireland outside of the union mirrored scotland inside the union . 
  eh , scotland had that inside the union too , and ireland was like that before it left . 
  not entirely sure the point you are trying to make holds up to scrutiny . 
  i 'm not an expert but in the case of dual nationality does n't it fall to whichever country you are in ? 
  in the sense if you commit a crime in country b however contrived country a wont get involved because that is your citizenship also ? 
  i think they mean in the sense why not have the platform but just have the tram above rather than below . 
   a good example is call centres .
