  yup that sounds about right , just add in a dash of the fact that they made a big deal about the fact that after our independence referendum they 'd definitely always make use of it and you 've got it in one . 
  there is a convention between the devolved bodies and westminster called a sewell motion or legislative consent motion . 
  it basically means that westminster will not legislate in devolved areas without the devolved bodies prior consent . 
  this ruling says that despite the fact that brexit by its nature will be impinging on devolved matters , the sewel convention is simply a convention and not law , therefore the uk government is under no obligation to consult with devolved bodies . 
  ( consultation is the correct word since even with the devolved bodies withholding consent westminster can do what it likes ) this is quite a big deal however since a result of the independence referendum in 2014 was a new scotland bill , basically to devolve powers in return for voting no , the bill was roundly seen by scottish society as having failed to live up to the promises but the formalisation of the sewell convention in it was one of the few big ones and it has already been shown to be a farce . 
  good on the german people !, 
  sturgeon ? 
  it was the uk parties telling us that to show how respected our parliament supposedly was . 
  it has n't sped up a second referendum , just showed the prize we won for the last to not be worth the paper it was written on, 
  yup , last year we were told the sewell convention was now on a legal footing , now it 's for the uk government to decide, 
  in scotland we just recently centralised the police , we went from having 8 regional to the single national police force in 2013 . 
  the move was and is a controversial one , sometimes fairly sometimes not so fairly , centralisation has definetly brought issues but it has also pretty much became the thing blamed whenever anything is wrong with the police service regardless of whether it is connected to centralisation or not . 
  1 - yes , in scotland it has been called the `` strathclydification of scottish policing '' basically the most dominant of the previous policing regions ( strathclyde ) culture has come to be the dominant one in all of scotland now , so where for example edinburgh and aberdeen operated a fairly hands off approach to brothels , the new service is based on the glaswegian approach which is far less tolerant . 
  as to your specific example , it was originally supposed to be the case that officers could choose where they were assigned , this does n't really seem to have been the case , that said , it does n't prevent officers coming to know their beat if they are assigned there long enough , and also the fact that they are an outsider can sort of make them seem more neutral to locals ( especially in rural areas ) since you likely did n't go to school with them or know their history , they 're just a blank slate . 
  2 yes they 're effective , they do their jobs well and on the whole are very approachable , if you are n't being a dick to them , even if you 're in the wrong they 'll generally try to help you . 
  they 've actually been training [ american cops ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/scots-police-teach-us-cops-how-to-avoid-gun-use-10151069 ) 3 no , our equivalent to the fbi is probably mi5 , however they are n't their own separate police force , they do the intelligence but at the end of the day it is still the local police they 'll be relying on , i think your problems with the fbi probably stem from the fact they 're treated as a separate and therefore special police force . 
  our representation is totally hamstrung , we only have power over what is devolved , outside of that we may as well be pissing in the wind , and there is a lot that is n't devolved , like for example near enough all economic powers , so while we get to hear how big our deficit is and how we should really do something about it , we have next to no ability to do anything . 
  yeah our representatives have chosen to preserve the public services that were once standard , that 's not us being super lucky , it 's us choosing a different path . 
  and it 's 59 going to 52 next election . 
  i mean come on , until devolution in the 90 's , most scottish domestic affairs were decided by a westminster appointed governor . 
  our `` sweet deal '' is decided by our national government , but even with that it is woefully without power , it is always amazing to hear from people in england who think that england is the powerless one in the uk . 
  no , you 're talking about shetland . 
  and much as i 'd support orkney or shetland or anywhere in scotland really deciding to go their own way if that 's what they wanted , this is not a serious proposition that has any serious levels of support , the only major proponent of it is the islands mp because he wanted to use it as a stick to beat the scottish government with to stop scotland leaving the uk . 
  no , we signed up to a trading bloc with the political end goal of unifying the peoples of europe . 
  the british political classes knew this would be unpalatable so sold it as simply a trading bloc . 
  . but for the uk to lose ni ? 
  that pm would not go down well in history . 
  in fact this era will go down poorly in british history . 
  people say this , and they do it about scotland too but seriously i doubt anyone would care all that much when it comes to the history books . 
  i bet there was some consternation at the time but can the average person even name the prime minister who lost ireland ? 
  canada also did n't want it completed in the space of 2 years and it was n't being done out of necessity to protect existing trade , rather promote further future trade . 
   some like to stick it to the man and say they are , say scottish before british that 's a complete misrepresentation , it 's simply an identity that i have no affinity for , like saying people who identify as british are sticking it to the man for on the whole not thinking of themselves as european . 
   while the english are british before english . 
  and fyi , the english are just as much if not more unattached to the british identity as the rest of us . 
  say what you like about the usaas global hegemon , but i 'd pick it any day of the week over all other contenders bar europe . 
  not without a fight , though yeah , it has kind of given me pause for thought , i 'm now looking at the eu from a half in half out perspective and i 'm seeing what it has the potential to be , whether i 'm in or out of it i want it to fulfil that potential . 
  it 's only england , the uk itself does n't have a state religion . 
  it 's more than feeling welcome in the usa though that exists too . 
  it 's more like a lot of places in the world people feel an ability to talk about us politics as though it is another tier of their own national government , it 's taken to the extreme in the uk where when us election time comes around , uk politics shares the spotlight at best but generally the idea is that everyones opinion is as valid as any american citizen . 
  focusing on the national picture , just like the states of the usa did in its formative years . 
  well when the usa retracts its tentacles someones going to fill the gap left , if it 's not europe it 'll be china , or russia or india or unasur . 
  europe is facing make or break time right now , it can be writing history or a page in someone elses . 
  you know , if i was american i do n't think i 'd be too cut up about what he 's saying at all , it 's a country the entire world feels ownership of but ultimately i think it probably has led to a decline as a result of trying to prop up the rest of the world . 
  i think it 's time the eu stepped up to the plate , there 's a vacuum forming and the eu can be the one to fill it . 
  so what you 're saying is , someone should declare an 11 year empire and enjoy a millennium of rule ? 
  utter nonsense . 
   the snp say that only scottish people can govern in the best way for scotland . 
  no , they say that decisions concerning scotland should be taken primarily by the people who live and work in scotland . 
   they blame all of their problems on the abstract concept of ` westminster ' ( this has recently replaced ` england ' as their target ) this is very much a strawman sort of thing often found in the rest of the uk due to the fact that there is no will to learn about scottish politics it 's far easier to explain away the rise of the snp with nonsense like this . 
   they focus on nationalism and independence to such a degree that they have neglected education and social deprivation . 
  focus on nationalism ... how exactly ? 
  someone walks in proposing changes to the education system and they say not this week we 're looking at nationalism this week ? 
  what nonsense . 
   in fact they are so obsessed by their nationalism that they would leave the uk and suffer devastating economic consequences many times worse than the uk might after brexit . 
  scotland is n't a net contributor to the uk economy , their growth is almost wholly dependent on the dying oil industry . 
  scotland as it is in the uk is # 15bn in deficit , our economy is terribly managed , and while oil has played a big part in our economy in years gone by , our growth is not at all totally reliant on oil , even with the decline in the oil price our economy grew . 
  the british nationalism that you are showcasing often demands that the different public services our national government has elected to provide be stripped away , very often that 's the case that british nationalists essentially want to lower our standard of living but also use it as a stick to beat us with . 
  that 's getting away from the point though , of course the snp are civic nationalists , it 's utter idiocy to suggest otherwise . 
  in scotland it means you spend 4 years at uni instead of 3, 
  the left supports advancing gay peoples civil rights generally while also supporting those who would want to limit them . 
  the right supports reducing gay peoples civil rights generally while also opposing others who would reduce them far more . 
  there 's a benefit for voting left and a benefit for voting right , when the anti-gay faction starts getting too powerful , counterproductive as it may seem you vote for those who would do the same . 
   they tried to cast it as a matter of an attack against ` the american way of life . ', 
  people going out and enjoying themselves at a night club . 
  they refused over and over to even acknowledge that the victims were killed at least in part because of their sexuality . 
  we had that exact same thing in the uk too https://cdn.theguardian.tv/mainwebsite/2016/06/13/160613owenjonesskynews_desk.mp4, 
  except that in politics , being one of the voices that carry a lot of influence means if you 're one of those people you can choose the time and place . 
  joining the ec combined with north sea oil gave a boost to the uk economy exactly when it needed it allowing successive uk governments to plough resources into maintaining londons status as a world city . 
  because we 're going to have to live with it . 
  and it 's something those of a more liberal outlook elsewhere in europe would do well to pay attention to , the liberal democratic consensus is under serious threat for the first time i can remember , this is how those who want to can start fighting back . 
  yeah , i 've got to say , i 've always viewed the eu as a group of equals working towards the betterment of the whole union , sure it falters at times but that 's the underlying drive . 
  if it was just some organisation set up so the west could atone for past transgressions then i 'd not see much to be enthusiastic about in there , that sort of attitude is bordering on being just like the whole reparations debate in america which i have no truck with . 
  well yeah , poland is n't on par with germany/uk/france etc yet but it 's growing rapidly . 
  i do n't remember the 2007 expansion but i do remember the '04 one , i was still in primary school , we had one of our mep 's come in to talk to us about it , we all got a little leaflet explaining what the eu was and who the new countries joining were , he was there to talk to us about it & answer questions , we were just 9/10 so they would n't have been great questions but we knew enough to know there was some controversy over it ( i think we 'd been told to ask our parents about it the week before ) . 
  i still remember the childish understanding of it all that i had , we were rich , they were poor and they had suffered a lot and them joining the eu was because we were going to all work together to make life better for each other . 
  it 's pretty much the base i built my fiercely pro-european stance on , not related to this specific story but seemed sort of relevant . 
   shame i ca n't say that eu membership and the us has done the same for the uk so you think free access to the european market has n't helped the uk economy ? 
  as for your second question , 2014 . 
   or divided by wealth like in elysium . 
  that 's what we have already though , just in that movie they live on a space station . 
  no they did n't , that 's a myth that 's become accepted as fact but they never said that . 
  article 1 :  as far as i 'm concerned , the scottish people have had their vote , they voted in 2014 and a very clear message came through . 
  both the united kingdom and the scottish government said they would abide by that , '' ms may said . 
  so contrary to the headline , she did n't rule it out . 
  article 2 :  the prime minister 's official spokesman said nicola sturgeon should stick to her pledge that the 2014 referendum was a `` once-in-a-generation '' vote and urged her to respect scots ' decision . 
  again , a case of what the pm would like , not her saying she 'd block one at all . 
  nice of you to delete your comment though , no doubt to prevent yourself having to defend what you knew yourself to be a false statement . 
   one is to get theresa may to state that she will support scotland leaving , which she already said she would n't . 
  no she has n't, 
  separate issue , they 've not said anything about us entering the eu in our own right , this was a meeting half way suggestion for staying in the uk and retaining as many links with the eu as possible if the uk goes for a hard brexit without actually leaving the uk . 
  2017 is when we turn things around . 
  this ca n't be news to anyone surely ? 
  just like in the eu there are a metropolitan class that pushes a european identify above that of the nation state , in the uk there is a far further reaching parallel . 
  the point is usually they do that as a formality , it is assumed that there is near certainty they know who it is even if they 're using words like suspected of . 
  auch , you 've just got a chip on your shoulder . 
  i did n't say that , i said i do n't understand it . 
  the uk has made clear its goal is to supplant the home nations with a british identity and state , hence why people like / u/muyuu take an attitude of trying to erase the home nations in favour of a pan british ideal . 
  so yeah , i do n't understand how someone can see themselves as one thing then support something that seeks to remove that thing they see themselves as do n't be so tetchy . 
  why not ? 
  they/we are advocating what is the status quo for 27 eu member states , that our country be independent states pooling sovereignty in some areas for a greater good .
