  i understand pro-uk brits * from * scotland but i do n't understand how anyone can be pro-uk and identify as scottish . 
  the uk is a union of countries , the difference is where the eu has to bend to the will of nations , the uk simply rides roughshod over them so it 's far easier to come to a united approach . 
  the uk is a country , but it 's also an artificial nation and those are difficult to maintain especially when due attention is n't paid to that fact . 
  it 's actually pretty funny , because the unions formation has a ton of parallels public opposition from the outset ( in scotland anyway ) and the assumption that it 's more or less remain a largely trading based political union . 
  my thoughts are with those in berlin who went out to celebrate christmas and wo n't be going home . 
  worse though , is that i know by this time next year we 'll have given our thoughts and condolences again over similar atrocities . 
  cameron actually never said he 'd quit , quite the opposite , it 's just that it was obvious to everyone that his position would be untenable if he lost it . 
  i prefer : `` any society is only three meals away from revolution '', 
  at a guess , the important role the netherlands plays in trade with the uk vs eu while also the political similarities between the netherlands and uk , basically the netherlands will be a pretty big go-between in this whole thing . 
  yeah , people in the eye of the storm talking about what the history books will say are thinking because farage is prominent today that means he 'll be given a similar prominence in years to come . 
  much more likely that history books talking of brexit in 100 years will be looking at long term trends and attitudes and how they culminated in that and only a much deeper readingo f history will even turn up the name farage . 
  he 's going to have to do something else to secure his place in the history books that his ego so desperately requires , it seems he has decided that in order to do that he 's going to be the guy who brought down the liberal democratic consensus the west has been operating on for countless decades . 
  the best thing is , farage is the last person he should be asking , they 're about equally hated . 
  he 'll probably come up at some point then leave blaming anti-englishness for us not bowing to his will as he usually does . 
   there is n't an economy crisis in the uk . 
  yes , there is , it 's just carefully masked . 
  the uk is a collection of much poorer areas kept afloat by a very few , it 's a house of cards of line of dominoes or anything else that continues on that imagery of something built on precarious foundations that will lead it to all fall down at the first sign of trouble . 
  if we looked at different parts of the uk the way we look at different parts of the eu/eurozone then there would be far more recognition of how shoddily run it is economically . 
  most people celebrate amazing turn arounds like that but all i see is the potential for the pendulum to swing back the other way and that 's frightening . 
  gypsy in the uk mostly means irish traveller , this is another version of asian = / = chinese, 
  24/25 is where i start avoiding being out in it because it 's too hot . 
  yeah , they 're gypsies/pikeys . 
  you can actually see the limits of the gene pool . 
  16 ^ o is shorts and t-shirt weather . 
  that 's a nice temperature , standard room temperature of 21 ^ ^ o just feels way too hot for me . 
  that 's here 10/20 years ago . 
  if change starts to happen it can happen so rapidly you would n't believe . 
  there 's no badness in it but there 's a lot of the opinion that you guys should just basically rejoin the fold . 
  it 's a pretty common thing you 'll find people agree with if you ask about it . 
  it 's quite a bit worse than that , there 's a section of the public that views irelands natural path as being whatever the uk does . 
  it 's a pretty big surprise to some people that ireland could even contemplate not doing as the uk does . 
   but everyone with half a brain left know why they really do it . 
  it 's not a media thing , it 's what people in the uk say too . 
  this is a bit like hearing an american getting angered by the blatant homophobia of british smokers in calling cigarettes fags and not being able to understand that it does n't mean the same thing here . 
  huh , when the scottish gov lowered the limit the narrative was that we were going to levels unseen and it was ridiculous . 
  i never realised we were just coming into line with the rest of western europe . 
  so is it a requirement to be hot to be a police officer there ? 
  i honestly kinda think this is down to a loss of perspective due to not having to experience it much so every mugging will get dissected over weeks in the local press in a small town when crime rates are low but when they are high it 'll be a footnote . 
  the person you are replying to is specifically saying there will be people thinking that , but they 're also right , an operation this large , there 's someone along the ngo chain who is making serious cash out of the shuttle service in the med . 
  a testament to mans arrogance . 
  it 's pretty cool to me that quite a few of these buildings are just totally unremarkable . 
  in scotland the tallest building is [ this ] ( http://www.edinburgharchitecture.co.uk/images/jpgs/st_marys_cathedral_aw220908_4.jpg ) but the [ glasgow tower is about 30m taller ] ( https://i0.wp.com/www.glasgowarchitecture.co.uk/images/jpgs/science_3sun02.jpg ) it spins 360 ^ o and is a complete failure , wikipedia says closed for 80 % of its lifetime so far . 
  hopefully these are just old fashioned criminals . 
  being pro-eu does n't mean you like everything it does . 
  the fishing industry in scotland has been decimated over the years as a result of the common fisheries policy . 
  it 's the fault of the uk government of the time though , they were quite open about being indifferent to the effect the policy would have on fishermen in the uk . 
  the snp have long stood for reform of cfp , if we 're leaving the eu then reform is off the table so leave is the only thing that makes sense in that scenario unfortunately . 
  scotlands highest ever was 32.9 ^ o i really ca n't imagine living anywhere else , 25 ^ o here and i 'm begging for a reprieve . 
  tories are 50/50 , i know their official line is pro-gay marriage , but everyone knows ( or should ) that a sizeable chunk of their mp 's would warmly welcome a repeal . 
  yes , we have cunts in scotland too , here 's my favourite recent [ example ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-39992406 ) . 
  tl ; dr : fishermen damage rare reef , government puts emergency protection order in place for reef that could take 100 years to recover . 
  fishermen association criticises government for protecting the reef saying `` five similar reefs were already closed to fishing and that mpas were designed to protect `` examples '' of rare sea features , not all of them . '', 
  new york literally borders canada , and the link says that it can sometimes be cheaper . 
  ireland has made a lot of swift societal attitude changes in the last couple of decades . 
  go back 15 years in scotland and renewable energy got that sort of reaction here , now there are renewable energy schemes all over the place and the daily mail is the last refuge for those bemoaning wind turbines . 
  this is how i feel lawmaking should be from time to time . 
  i know endless debate and refinement is a good thing but sometimes a swift enactment like this can restore faith in the ability of government . 
  does that have to be painted all the time to keep it that white ? 
  i 'm just used to buildings that collect pollution . 
  lol , well that discussion was not a mainstream one . 
  the only two mainstream options were monarchy as is or no monarchy . 
  the plan was to keep the queen ? 
  she 's our queen too , just like she 's canada 's or australia 's etc. 
  the deficit is ~ # 15b , the fiscal transfer is about ~ # 9bn, 
  yeah , this is the alternate to countries not used to snow grinding to a halt over a few cm 's of the stuff because they 're not prepared for it at all . 
  our houses are all made to keep as much heat in them as possible , nothing about them is designed with anything but cold outside in mind , also , i 'm guessing here but for usually wet countries suddenly finding themselves in a heat wave i imagine humidity will be much higher , i ca n't stand high humidity , give me a dry heat anyday over clammy weather . 
  still though , the heatwave is thankfully avoiding scotland . 
  even when the sun has set , so long as there are no clouds the sky is still pretty well lit up , not quite `` read a book '' lit up but walk about without needing streetlights or a a torch . 
  she 's a more palatable face of the tories , that 's all , ask her about tory policy and she 's a valiant defender of it . 
  it is genuinely amusing how quick people in the rest of the uk have went from being presented one tory leader and being told she 's the most wonderful thing since sliced bread and buying it to another and nobody seems to have turned around and realised that they 're being fooled again . 
  why ? 
  there 's no policy difference between the two, 
  until she faces any scrutiny , she 's like may for the last year , actually challenge her and she crumbles , the only reason davidson has been so relatively successful is because she goes mostly unchallenged . 
   collective bargaining has worked for a long time . 
  if one person threatens to skip rent he would undoubtedly be kicked out . 
  if a dozen do they probably would still be kicked out . 
  if the entire tower threatens the owner has an ultimatum . 
  he can either conform to the demands or risk losing all the rent money that the building generates , and it would be much harder to get new residents ehh , except what would have happened here is they would all have been declared intentionally homeless and the council would have rejoiced , evicted them all , paid off anyone who had n't joined in to move somewhere else then condemned the building and sold it to a private developer to demolish and build luxury apartments in its place . 
  unfortunately the ideal of capitalism just does n't work in practice . 
  it 's like 20 \u00b0 here and i ca n't stand it , i honestly do n't see the appeal of living anywhere that is n't wet and windy most of the time . 
  the scottish daily mail did not support independence it was vehemently opposed , you 'd think the idea was to resurrect the nazis the way it went on . 
  no , it just means that that person is unpopular with the mails readership . 
  if the mail kept hailing her as the greatest thing since sliced bread then the mail would be fucked as readers would start to abandon the paper as they question its accuracy . 
  she 's now a short term leader so they are not going to waste their time trying to convince their readers otherwise , their main job now is convincing their readers that may is holding the tories hostage and everything bad that has happened has happened at the insistence of may . 
  it 's a tory council . 
  one stairwell in the building , the expected result of a fire in a tower block like this is that it will remain contained to a single flat or floor hence the stay in your home advice allowing firefighters to use that stairwell and tackle the fire , many were calling the fire brigade and being told to stay put as a result of this , unfortunately it seems the new cladding on the * outside * spread the fire throughout the building in a totally unanticipated way . 
  the stairwell was also filled with smoke according to accounts , people are saying that you could n't see your fingers in front of your face the smoke was so bad by the time people realised they needed to evacuate . 
  do n't go that route . 
  do you guys not get that that is precisely the reasoning cameron used to call the referendum in the first place ? 
  carefully timed asteroid impacts . 
  i honestly think we 'd be lucky to have the final toll as low as that . 
  the political class was split on either liking where the eu was going , not really giving a shit either way or actively opposing it , most fell into the first two categories . 
  the majority of the population could be summed up as liking it as a trade bloc . 
  thing is though , at the time of joining it was clear to the british political classes and has been clear since that britain and all other european powers were facing terminal decline and unity was the only chance of true relevance to be ensured for the next century . 
  the politicians understood even if many resented it but the public never did , they/we were insulated from the benefits of eu membership and some of the crowning achievements could be viewed as an utter mistake like free movement . 
  basically to get back to your question why did n't we have a backup plan , the political classes did n't believe we 'd ever leave and everyone else did n't ( generally ) see any reason why we should need one since the eu has always been made to feel a distant organisation . 
  the guy dressed up as a fish finger in tim farrons seat actually changed his name by deed poll to mr fish finger . 
  coalition or confidence and supply it does n't really matter , the uk government is being propped up by the dup now , they can not with any credibility call themselves an honest broker between the dup and sinn fein when they are wholly reliant on the dup to exist . 
  no , they 're still going full tilt for it , the tories actually wanted a full official coalition and the dup are the ones who have refused that !, 
  what happened here is the dup realised it had settled too quickly and it could extract far more .
