good for malta , do n't assist in war crimes . 
  d'aww , were they not sycophantic enough for you ? 
  seeing a lot of this in recent days . 
  people who voted for right wing causes now turning around and saying `` you made me do it ! 11 '' no , nobody made you vote for right wingers , you did it because you 're a right winger . 
  why do you think ? 
  putin expects value from his investments . 
  there is hope . 
  yeah i think for this to stand any chance of success the strict defensive purpose of such a military union would need to be promised and properly enshrined in eu law . 
  no foreign adventures spreading eu democracy plz . 
  and no , that does n't mean ` pre-emptive ' strikes or whatever the fuck the military nuts would try to pull are exempt , strict regulation . 
  it 's time for europe to take its military requirements seriously . 
  yep , and i say that as a uk citizen . 
  uk politics right now is not at all conducive to bring worthwhile members of the eu , the national mood is far too divided and the ruling party are not looking to capitalise on pro-eu feeling at all . 
  the uk will now begin desperately looking to america for support post brexit . 
  the us military is not a defensive force . 
  the eu military would be , there 's little desire to travel the world spreading eu democracy . 
  it 's essential now . 
  you can tell they did n't want to though . 
  they were forced into it . 
  wales did n't know what it was getting into . 
  why did you do it wales ? 
  at least you did n't round up to 40 % , 
  civic nationalism is nationalism , it just frustrates certain people because they want to assume all nationalism to be ethnic nationalism of the brexit type . 
  call me what you want , if wanting self governance for scotland makes me a nationalist then so be it . 
  i feel especially right on that front in recent months with what is going on south of the border . 
  and no , this is n't just one article . 
  look around , read through the press today , look at social media . 
  this is not leaves finest hour . 
  brexiteers seem to be relishing the prospect of turning the uk into a fascist nightmare . 
  those nice english politicians on the television keep telling me how ** we ** voted for brexit . 
  it probably has the home addresses of these judges marked on it . 
  with crosshairs . 
  they do n't care . 
  they 've been told countless times that their words have consequences , they do n't care . 
  the regulators let them away with it too . 
  well we 're not lucky enough to have moose to fuck like you guys :(, 
  i do n't recall crying, 
  de-selection requires the cooperation of the local party - are they stuffed with brexiteers ? 
  does n't affect him at all though . 
  he 's a wealthy man who gets to sit back and watch the fireworks . 
  he knew fine well the mess this would end up in , hence the prompt resignation and complete withdrawal from politics . 
  i recommend cow dick , it 's probably the most palatable of dicks . 
  really depends on the mp . 
  there 's nothing really set in stone outside of cabinet ministers who always vote on government lines . 
  in most cases they vote based on a mix of the two , a small minority are very constituency focused though and will happily rebel against their party if required . 
  most will weigh up the two factors to make a decision though . 
  i suspect that in this case since a defeat could be highly damaging for the government that many conservative mps will be voting on party lines . 
  you represent your constituents and vote against it . 
  the froth is excellent . 
  brexiteers all over twitter threatening violence, 
  i actually collect limited edition marmite jars - i just like how they look but i 'm beginning to worry about a future where i have to start open them . 
  fucks sake man , grow a thicker skin . 
  bastards !, 
  they 'll regret this . 
  doubt it . 
  people consume a lot of usa ( and to a far lesser extent uk ) media and want to understand it without dubbing or subtitles . 
  english is a very useful second language for the entire world as so many people consume american media ( not to mention the internet where the bulk of content is english language ) that they have good reason to learn it to a relatively high standard . 
  the fact that it can then be used for international communication ( since it 's a very popular second language regardless of native tongue ) is a bonus . 
  even if schools etc. 
  did not teach english any more it would still be a dominant second language because people love american media . 
  it 's fine to be a bear russia , be who you want to be . 
  we just want you to be comfortable . 
  tory government , they 'll be more than happy to cut public services to pay for a corp. tax cut . 
  yeah , that probably wo n't happen . 
  the uks financial sector will be given whatever it asks for . 
  may will make concessions that affect ( even harm ) the rest of the uk to preserve london 's dominant industry . 
  i 'd imagine the intention would be to cut it far enough to overcome eu trade tariffs . 
  nice contribution . 
  snp have always been pro-eu membership for scotland though , you see something as opportunism when it 's been party policy for a long time . 
  nobody is `` run from brussells '' either , just because nigel told you something does n't make it true . 
  independence from the uk . 
   eeming obliviousness to how their actions impact perception of the uk on the continent has the uk ever given a shit about that ? 
  i say that as someone who lives here , the attitude towards europe has always been poor and i can assure you the bulk of uk politicians do n't give a fuck about the uks reputation abroad . 
  british exceptionalism has always existed . 
  yep . 
  these comments from eu leaders are a welcome counterpoint to the heavy coverage given to pro-brexit government ministers in the uk media right now . 
  there 's too much bullshit being banded about . 
  absolutely , udi just is n't an option . 
  not in our circumstance anyway and i ca n't see that ever really changing . 
  absolutely , the fact that its made in scotland is a huge draw and is a near enough guarantee of a quality product . 
  i 'm still not convinced that would dissuade other producers from attempting to claw into the whisky market with a ` scotch ' whisky of their own though . 
  yeah , i ca n't believe how quiet the media are on this too - brexit really threatens the whisky industry , threatens much of our food industry but whisky is a big part of that . 
  you realise scottish government and eu officials have been meeting for months do n't you ? 
  there 's been a comment from spain since then that amounted to what previous post said - we 've got a couple of things to work with and both point to spain having no issues with a legitimately seceded scotland joining the eu . 
  udi would cause spain to object and attempting to stay in the eu while part of uk ( reverse greenland ) would too . 
  there 's a lot of ignorance about devolution and the constitutional arrangement of the uk - i would n't be so sure people can be relied upon to be informed . 
  a lot of the uk media barely cover scottish politics . 
  not really , england and wales would still be there and presumably continue to cooperate with the eu nations surrounding them . 
  it 's easy to fall into the thinking that somehow england and wales would be this inhospitable , isolationist and bitter neighbour but i ca n't see it . 
  there 's nothing to gain , the argument would settle down relatively quickly and all countries involves would get on with being very normal northern european democracies . 
  that 's the proposal , it 's all up for decision though . 
  was sound last time . 
  i mean a country decides upon the franchise it will use and the precedent is already there - all residents in scotland aged 16 + get a vote . 
  makes administration simple and it makes it fairer for everyone , if you live here you get a say . 
  people do n't tend to ask questions in the uk . 
  government knows best . 
  government can be trusted . 
  we 're all on a list these days thanks to mass , automated surveillance . 
  is 59/650 too many seats for you ? 
  should we just fuck off and not participate in your parliament ?
