  let em burn germany . 
  it 's better off in the long run if you do . 
  good luck to our catalonian friends !, 
   the irish are n't great fans of the uk to begin with you do n't see how this contributes to bad feeling when uk citizens decide to use their country as their free-ticket to not giving a stuff about the mess their own country is now in ? 
  i ca n't blame people for taking the opportunity to negate brexit , i 'd have probably given it serious thought if it was open to me but i understand why the irish might not be so keen on the idea given i 've zero intention of actually living in and contributing to ireland just yet . 
  it is mostly their fault . 
  i think the issue here is that lots of people do n't have definable views as such , they flip flop as the mood takes them . 
  i find it hard to understand as well but then i 'm a political sort of guy , i know what i believe in and do n't deviate from it but i 'm not the norm there . 
  lots of people just vote along whatever line the media is promoting , lots of people just vote based on hunches etc. 
  they like to quote him a lot though . 
  of course , only when its convenient . 
  they 're not too keen on his ideas about scottish home rule . 
  of course we 're down with the finns . 
  small country , dark for most of the winter , hard drinking , strong traditions and big enough balls to take on the russians and win . 
  also a love of driving rally cars at ludicrous speed through forests and beautiful women . 
  it 's because scottish nationalism is n't particularly nationalistic . 
  nationalists do n't find much in common with your average scottish nat who does n't believe themselves inherently superior to anyone else . 
  it 's long been an ` issue ' in that the desire for independence is largely driven by a desire for self governance and little else . 
  it 's not on ethnic grounds either . 
  unfortunately british nationalism is tarred by the right wing ethnic nationalist element , it 's not dominant but there 's a strain of british nationalism that very much believes in superiority , isolation and ethnic purity . 
  while you are right in some way it would be wise to never lose sight of the fact that many people in the uk are not as you describe . 
  i 've no argument against the insular british media , insular british politics etc. 
  but many of us always resented this aspect of uk culture and when the opportunity to demonstrate our distaste with this aspect of uk culture was given to us we voted to remain . 
  scotland always resisted this encroachment to some extent even and voted resoundingly to remain . 
  i realise that our voices are often drowned out by our loudmouth right wingers , our brexiteers and our little englanders but it is an unfair characterisation of 48 % of the population of the uk ( 62 % of scots ) to lump us in with them . 
  we have always resented and disliked the imperialistic , deeply conservative and frankly embarrassing subset of british society who supported leaving the eu . 
  the division has always existed , for the most part we tolerated each other but when given the opportunity to express our thoughts unfortunately the balance has been proven to be slightly in their favour . 
  i 'm not convinced the us knows what it wants . 
  the same applies for eu forces in syria - there does n't seem to be anything approaching a desired outcome however this shitshow turns out . 
  russia are the only big player in this fight with a clear aim . 
  may might want to tell her country then because she 's being awfully quiet and defensive when it comes to details . 
  do n't worry lads , they seem to have substituted you for us . 
  we 'll handle it . 
  they were never terribly deep in the woodwork , they were just rightly considered fruitcakes and ignored . 
  something changed , it was probably the bnp gaining some degree of political legitimacy that kicked it off in a big way and with ukip taking on the role of acceptable face of the far right it 's just gotten worse . 
  right wing tabloids , mainly . 
  good luck lads . 
  immigrants and the eu . 
  they 've already started , just look at any brexit bad news tweet , absolutely flooded with morons who seem to think that anything bad that happens as a result of their vote is because of the big bad brussels bureaucrats trying to stifle glorious blighty 's success . 
  they 're a mad bunch but then farage and pals knew that , they simply had to play up to their already deeply held belief in english exceptionalism and profound arrogance . 
  backpedaled the day after the vote ... 
  right wing politicians like boris johnson , andrea leadsom , michael gove , nigel farage , liam fox , daniel hannan , . . sure there were left wingers amongst them , gisela stuart and tom harris but the predominant media campaign for leave was led by right wingers . 
  it was predominantly pushed by right wing politicians . 
  absolutely . 
  always best to look to the centre for something approaching the truth , in this case that a remain vote was best . 
  tories have hardly been enthusiastic towards the eu for decades . 
  they used their media to push a heavily anti-eu angle for a long time and it came back to bite them in the arse . 
  they were benefiting from their supposedly tough stance on eu issues until they pushed it too far and let the public have a vote on it . 
  right wingers full of shit ? 
  never !, 
  great choice . 
  rt seem to want to make themselves the number one channel for right wing bile - their choice , wo n't do anything for their credibility though . 
  you already were independent . 
  do n't be sore , nobody is stopping you fulfilling your dreams of little england . 
  do n't be sore . 
  no need . 
  the british media have been attacking the eu for decades and we 've had repeated governments who were hardly overly enthusiastic members . 
  this was always a risky referendum , cameron should have known that . 
  when much of your print media is happy to distort the truth and you have the rise of parties like ukip who are more than willing to stir up right wing hysteria it was never a particularly smart idea to hold a referendum on the issue . 
  daily occurrence - the rest of the uk parliament are just are sore we send snp mps down there . 
  theresa seems to have abandoned the whole compassionate tory act she put on in her first speech , thank god . 
  it 's unsettling when they do that , i prefer the tories to be openly horrible . 
  if i had my way then they 'll just need to move slightly north into scotland , 
  apart from any other industrialised area of the eu ? 
  it 's a wonder nissan are even in the uk at all , there 's cheaper places in the eu to build cars and no real disadvantage to doing so . 
  every region of england besides london runs a deficit . 
  the uk is severely lop sided , everything flows to london . 
  yep . 
  the opportunity to knock them down a peg or two and start enforcing some level of standards ( leveson ) was simply passed up . 
  the uk knows its media is awful , it just does n't care . 
  so long as it says the right things to appeal to whichever demographic they 're going for - largely the angry right wing demographic - they 'll keep buying and watching . 
  what do you mean ` actually do ' ? 
  i realise you probably do n't view scotland as a country - more a region of the uk ? 
  a sort of england with kilts ? 
  scotland will do as any other independent nation does - whatever it wants to . 
  you talk about it with such reverence when the reality is all it has ever been about is wealth transfer to london . 
  it 's not a union worth revering , i can assure you . 
  british only ever meant english to the rest of the world . 
  how about you actually vote for people with your interests in mind instead of pissing and moaning about your own shitty self inflicted situation ? 
  vote for tories and what do you think is going to happen to public services and provisions ? 
  think before engaging keyboard . 
  what do you think would happen if scotland paid for english students to study ? 
  you 'd flood our unis since your own charge ridiculous fees because once again , you voted for tories . 
  who knows unless we actually ask ? 
  absolutely , i can assure anyone that as long as the snp are in a position to push for independence - that is to say we still exist - then we will be . 
  since we form the government at present that push will be especially strong . 
  the solution to this is to ensure the snp are not in a position to do so . 
  yet increased their vote . 
  2011 was a fluke , ams is designed to not return majorities . 
  all that said , todays polling show yet stronger support for the snp - obviously 2021 is a long way away so it 'd be foolish to make firm predictions but there 's zero evidence of support for the snp falling . 
  it has grown steadily since 2007 and staying as it does will ensure another snp government to come . 
  sturgeons reputation is strongest amongst scots - pushing for independence clearly has little effect on her reputation where it counts . 
  snp support still high and apparently growing . 
  i realise this may have negative effects in the wider uk but it 's not really her our our concern what english ( and welsh and northern irish ) people think of her . 
  yep , that will always be an issue in the uk . 
  our politics diverged a long time ago , what 's good for england may not necessarily be good for scotland . 
  the snp can say and think what they like - i 'd still vote yes . 
  seems to me that lots of promises were made from both sides anyway , not sure why the word of the snp is to be held to a higher standard than say the word of david cameron . 
  it 's difficult , the portion of scottish people who consider themselves british first and foremost will always be a tough nut to crack . 
  i 'm not convinced this amounts to a majority of people though , there will always be 25-30 % of people in scotland who are probably best described as loyalists and the rest are either scottish or of dual scottish and british identity .
