  yep . 
  it 's the volatility and not the politics that will risk gbp status as a reserve currency . 
  it 's the imbalance . 
  the uk is basically run for the benefit of london in a lot of peoples eyes , since thatchers de-industrialisation of the north of england and scotland it has felt as if everything possible has been done to concentrate wealth in the south east of england . 
  it 's not strictly true but it is true that there has not been enough investment in `` the north '' and it 's led to some heavy resentment . 
  in a pretty impressive political trick the leave campaigns managed to convince people outside of london ( but not in scotland , as the results will show ) that leaving the eu will make everything better for them when the reality is that their anger would be far better directed towards the government in london . 
  scotland voted to remain . 
  you 've got it . 
  may was n't really for or against brexit , she recognised the risk to her career and for the most part kept very quiet . 
  she 's been waiting to pounce for a long time , unlike most of her tory colleagues though she recognised the importance this referendum would have on her chances . 
  may has very few real principles , she has never been very outspoken and beyond an obvious authoritarian streak not much was/is known about her politics other than that she 's a devout conservative . 
  you think i do n't know that you can swap words around and apply arguments for either cause ? 
  it does n't change matters , i do n't care if you can swap words around and say `` har har see hes just like a brexiteer !, 
  ! 1 '' i want what i think is best for scotland , i 'm not convinced that the uk is best for scotland . 
  it 's really that simple , you obviously disagree frankeh but attempting to smear me as some sort of raving brexiteer is n't worth your time . 
  what can i say , the uk government has form on this one . 
  unless the uk has a grand plan to change the entire economic model of the country overnight there is going to be a shock , that 's certain . 
  we started the destruction of labour in 2007 . 
  this is n't a recent thing at all , we 've been progressively reducing their power and inflience ( in scotland ) for over 9 years . 
  they 've been shite for a long , long time and refuse to buck up their ideas . 
  no it 's not . 
  why would scottish independence destroy the uk ? 
  uk will be fine , it 'll be a shock for sure but it wo n't destroy the uk and it wo n't destroy scotland . 
  of course there 's going to be complications - this is n't an easy process , nobody thinks it is . 
  it is however a solution and one that many are willing to get behind . 
  i 'm under no illusions of this being some smooth process where we just declare independence and everything is fine , there will be many years of negotiation and possibly arguments ahead of us but it is the one solution to the problem we face - scotland wants to be in the eu , england & wales do not . 
  if we just roll over and give up because something is difficult then we achieve nothing , people remain unhappy and the problem just gets worse . 
  you 'd probably be welcomed - norway does much better for its people . 
  gibraltar is an interesting case . 
  something to note : [ gibraltar have sent someone to the snp conference ] ( http://en.mercopress.com/2016/10/13/gibraltar-attends-snp-conference-in-glasgow-shares-brexit-concerns ) . 
  cheers pal, 
  there 's visa-waiver programs with countries outside of the eu ... 
  yeah , that is possible . 
  some sort of visa free travel arrangement would be likely in that scenario though i 'd imagine . 
  why do you think independence would split your family ? 
  i 'm not trying to start an argument , i just struggle to see this pov . 
  i remember seeing it in 2014 as well , as if scotland being independent would mean a berlin wall type division of people . 
  half of my close family are english , i 'm down there quite a lot and i never once felt that scotland being independent would change anything . 
  sure , i 'd live in scotland and they 'd live in england but that has always been the case . 
  they see themselves as english , i 've always seen myself as scottish . 
  we 've already got different identities . 
  i know this is probably the difference between identifying as ` british ' vs ` english ' or ` scottish ' but it does n't mean that families would be divided . 
  well , if it has scottish backing it 's probably not wise to send in the tanks ... 
  scots have an extraordinary desire for self destruction . 
  it was once heroin but that became pass\u00e9 and nobody likes a junkie , coke is almost as effective at destroying lives but far more fashionable . 
  goes better with booze too . 
  there 's no way of speeding it up as far as i know but a united front of eu members could freeze uk influence in the meantime . 
  it 's not very likely to happen though . 
  the scots have been telling the tories to fuck off at every election for a long time now . 
  ooooooh yeah , i 'm completely on the wrong foot here . 
  i do n't think anyone is proposing what you say though ... ? 
  yeah , nothing says hideously undemocratic like clarifying questions people may have ... 
  ah but as you know , anecdotal `` they 're anti-english ! '', 
  rhetoric is what really counts . 
  not us who you know , live here , work here and campaign here . 
  i think you might be surprised . 
  i 've seen every video there is on indyref frankeh , come on . 
  i was here , i did campaign , i know that 's alistair darling telling us to be careful . 
  were we ? 
  we were told the exact same thing from both governments - oil was doing well . 
  unless you think that the oil price is somehow the snps fault ? 
   the snp should have tried to get a deal where legally scotland has to remain in the eu after a vote to stay in the uk . 
  how could we have done that ? 
  the eu made it very clear that all discussions would take place through the uk government who were unwilling to do any sort of pre-negotiation . 
  it 's something you 'll commonly see , an attempt to shut down discussion and make someone feel better . 
  it does n't sit well with the large english membership of the snp though . 
  rats , you 've worked us out !, 
  i mean it 's so obvious , i must hate half of my family and really hate capitalism . 
  it 's an ideological game . 
  scottish nationalism simply does n't have right wing support . 
  which was n't likely . 
  the specific advice given by the better together campaign was to vote no to secure eu membership . 
  its 180k people . 
  comparison to england is irrelevant . 
   unfortunately , i suspect mrs sturgeon is simply disagreeing with this move for disagreement 's sake . 
  or because it 's wrong in her view ? 
  the idea is that the company worries that employing foreign workers will lose them customers/get their company name printed in a trashy right wing tabloid . 
  scotland would n't leave without majority public support . 
  i hear there 's a healthy discount on apple products for irish buyers willing to cross the border . 
  most of the brits i encounter here are of the extremely frothy brexiteer variety . 
  i suppose they see it as their duty to defend this madness . 
  seems to be common enough with technology companies . 
  maybe not quite as dramatic as with nokia but apple have been in that exact position before . 
  because we 're not german ? 
  scrap the gfa for the sake of appeasing kippers in england ? 
  are you serious ? 
  my worry is that they simply do not care . 
  thatchers government seemed to relish the troubles , may might consider it a risk worth taking . 
  aye , we 're really looking forward to it here in scotland . 
  after all , it can only benefit our food and drink industry to have tariffs slapped on them . 
  they 've already done that . 
  you 're being heavily downvoted but you 're spot on , the attempts to rewrite history are pointless in the face of evidence from only 2 years ago . 
  scotland was told the best way to preserve our membership of the eu was to vote no . 
  this came up in one of the debates . 
  ruth davidson ( leader of the scottish conservatives ) said to not worry about it , the tories wo n't have a majority and that the only way to secure scotlands membership in the eu was to vote no . 
  all peoples have the right to self determination . 
  article 1 , united nations charter . 
  sorry , you do n't get to decide who has the right to self determination . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  it did n't happen in 2008 , wo n't now .
