  not really , it 's not as if the snp are some fringe seperatist movement - they are the government of scotland . 
  we 've just had a referendum which returned a 62 % majority in support of the eu , talk like this is not inciting anything other than satisfying the wishes of the majority . 
  she 's literally the first minister of scotland . 
  of course she can speak on behalf of scotland , we elected her . 
  correct answer . 
  all unions are not equal . 
  aye i 'm sure people will just get over being taken out of the eu against their will . 
  just a small thing is n't it ? 
  the principality of london sounds pretty good does n't it ? 
  it will snowball . 
  eu membership is a pretty fundamental reason to be doing business in the uk . 
  without it theres no reason for many firms to be here . 
  i did n't realise how much this referendum would unite us n scotland . 
  im finding people i stood in the opposite side of the debate from in 2014 now share the same goal . 
  scotland must leave the uk . 
  no we 're not . 
  immigration is a reserved matter , uk has a one size fits all policy . 
  yep . 
  all that lovely business that is going to be driven out of england ? 
  scotland and ireland can take their share of it . 
  independence represents a genuine opportunity for us . 
  the eu was always the cool parent who bought you sweets and let you stay up late . 
  going to be lots of polling coming out of scotland in the coming weeks . 
  exciting times :d, 
  they 'll get them back soon enough . 
  of course they 'll be in a million pieces and pushed across the border in crates but they can have them back . 
  well unless your home is a constituent country of the united kingdom , probably not . 
  how could anyone have known there would be a referendum on eu membership in 2014 ? 
  none was proposed since the tories only won their majority in 2015 . 
  scots were specifically and repeatedly told to vote no to protect eu membership . 
  we 're having our referendum on independence again , you can hardly argue against it . 
  if england & wales wish to be outside of the eu they are free to , they are not free to drag the rest of us with them . 
  this sub has been flooded with this sort of talk for a while now . 
  i notice less and less people from the uk are contributing , probably because of the atmosphere built up by brexit users . 
  yeah , they did . 
  the government ignored just about every piece of expert advice given to them on this one . 
   nothing in any of the big newspapers . 
  that 's intentional . 
  you think the tory press are going to make a fuss about tory policy ? 
  no chance . 
  especially since they all went apeshit over labours id card proposals years ago , they 're hypocrites and they 'd rather not have to face up to that fact . 
  uk government are control freaks , always have been . 
  they do n't . 
  they 'll just strongly imply that anyone doing so is obviously up to no good and if numbers of people using it rise enough they 'll begin to try and crack down on it . 
  it means nothing in the uk either , judges do n't refuse warrants by and large and ` supervisors ' wo n't refuse requests to access icr data . 
  he bought the newspaper spin on events . 
   perhaps some of the administrative staff who were among the pro-eu half of the uk , are lurking in the bureaucratic shadows and fracking the brexit from within ? 
  here 's hoping . 
  some sympathetic staff in government are about the best hope the uk has to force the tories to be honest . 
  personally i want to see the deal promised to nissan . 
   he just represents his own views . 
  he represents the views of a lot of british people . 
  as much as i 'd love farage to just be a lonely , toxic little man he has the backing of millions behind him . 
  he does n't represent a majority though, 
  i 'd say they 're trying to provoke argument within nato and they 'll probably be successful . 
  you 're absolutely right that if you take this story at face value it does n't make sense for the russian government to be talking openly like this but they know - and we know to some extent - that it 'll result in nato members squabbling amongst themselves and the eu dealing with member states who are likely to oppose eu military plans . 
  this will lead to arguments amongst members since the opposition will be painted as not caring about security of the eastern members etc. 
  it 's all shit stirring at this point . 
  this . 
  the leavers knew they could n't win without promises of riches as well as less immigrants . 
  they made plenty of promises that people would be better off , that the nhs would receive a massive funding boost etc. 
  dutch cheese is good but where 's the smelly stuff ? 
  same , 30 is uncomfortably hot . 
  25 is n't much fun either . 
  scottish blood is too thick . 
  trust me , it baffles us too . 
  it 's really sad that everyone had so much hope for russia becoming a normal country when the soviet union collapsed ... 
  i think most of us watched the livestreams during the coup attempt . 
  tanks were stopped by standing in front of them and then attacking the soldiers who were silly enough to emerge from said tanks . 
  is there any eu country offering political asylum to turks who wish to escape ? 
  not likely when the military that remains after last year are firmly on erdogans side . 
  civil disobedience could maybe succeed but it 'll be bloody , the average protest march wo n't do squat . 
  we 're never going to thank you for forcing something we specifically rejected on us . 
  yep . 
  take heed , this is what happens when you allow the loony right to get out of control . 
  do n't let them do the same to your country . 
  antifa is just a catch all term , it 's a cause not an organisation . 
  seconded . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  i say this as someone who will be affected by the fucked up decision of our friends to the south . 
  the uk does n't seem to have any intention of finding a way of minimising impact of brexit for both sides , they 've allowed into government some very ideologically driven people who would rather see both eu and uk suffer just to satisfy their ideological opposition to the eu . 
  same . 
  a parliament should be fit for purpose , not a fan of tradition for traditions sake . 
  the uk parliament ca n't hold all the mps , it 's tiny , it 's falling down and it 's completely unfit for the job which is why they 're now going to spend billions attempting to bring it up to scratch . 
  got to move with the times . 
  scottish cities are reasonably typical for europe and not too dissimilar to dutch ( from what i 've seen , admittedly limited ) so quite dense . 
  there 's little effort made within those cities though , usually the only cycle infrastructure is a faded painted line 0.5 m from the kerb that people often park their cars or drive in due to narrow roads . 
  it 's just not taken seriously for the most part , even brand new roads and suburbs etc are being built with no cycle infrastructure . 
  with less cyclists there 's less a city can justify spending improving the situation , many would complain about the large scale of road widening and construction that would be necessary to bring up our cities to even a fraction of dutch standards . 
  dutch cycle infrastructure is something to behold . 
  i think chances would be much better of getting the fat bastards of my country onto their bikes if there was n't such a high chance of ending up under a lorry on our shitty roads . 
  still not great but the danger does put many off . 
  also flat . 
  gloriously flat . 
  why would you want the uk back ? 
  it 's proven itself to be an unreliable member . 
  agreed but even more stupid are the people who keep voting for her . 
  is there any sort of asylum being offered to people who may want to leave turkey given the events of the past couple of years ? 
  absolutely fine . 
  the brexit mob should have thought about consequences of their actions .
