  oh there is news , she was in it yesterday telling scotland that our opinion means nothing . 
  to be honest i do n't need constitutional changes to argue that my nation should be independent . 
  it 's nice to have given others obviously do need these changes to make that argument but it 's a pretty basic one for me : scotland should govern itself . 
  also worth noting : 16-18 year old voters not polled , not sure why given the fact they can and will vote in any future referendum . 
  also also worth noting : snp & scottish green support up , holyrood 2021 predictions should be grim reading for any unionist . 
  edit : downvotes do n't change facts , 
  what war ? 
  apple have money in ireland , if they do not pay voluntarily then ireland will simply collect the money . 
  unless they 're planning a dramatic and very quick departure from ireland and the entire eu market they 'll pay their fine . 
  i do n't understand why ireland pursued these sorts of deals . 
  i get offering companies favourable tax deals to attract investment but this just takes the piss - you can attract megacorps like apple by offering tiny incentives , you do n't have to give them these massive breaks . 
  could it be the party with the largest membership and voter base ? 
  because leavers tend to be ` british ' . 
  imperialist mindset , not keen on the original colony going its own way . 
  spanish airports used to sell lots of toy guns . 
  i remember them well since my dad would always buy me one as a lad . 
  i like this language already . 
  yeah it 's always been one of my favourites too . 
  nice and understated , stylish even . 
  congratulations estonia , always wanted to visit as it looks lovely over there . 
  it 's on my list, 
  it is quite funny how some people seem so indignant at the fact that what was traditionally a left wing party might want a left wing leader . 
  i think people have just become too used to the blair era of lurching rightwards that they now see the labour party as something it has n't been for the majority of the time it has existed . 
  i think the membership want someone who is genuinely labour , not the tory-lite experiment of blair . 
  it 's long been an issue in labour , they call themselves a socialist party and people who consider themselves socialists join up but the actual parliamentary party have n't been majority socialist for a long time . 
  it maybe highlights the real need of a proper left of centre party in the uk , labour is just too split down the middle although i suppose this might change if corbyn wins again . 
  this . 
  no government can assure people that the data they are collecting indefinitely will be used for only benign purposes in the future . 
  it 's an often overlooked argument against this sort of bulk profiling and data collection . 
  the tories certainly cater to the boomers . 
  they 've had a big part to play in this mess coming about . 
  but but but how can we tell how great a country is without counting medals ? 
  wooo better together !, 
  i 'd be up for it , could replace that daft walk-like-you 've - shit-yourself-but-really-quickly event . 
  olympics needs better sports , jousting would go down well . 
  i imagine this sort of thing is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to sky news . 
  forgotten long ago . 
  the olympics is very political . 
  austria is lovely . 
  shush turkey , you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  probably . 
  yeah , happens weekly by my reckoning . 
  what 's the goal here ? 
  i mean it looks to me like erdogan is trying his best to make new enemies . 
  why ? 
  power within turkey wo n't mean a thing when his country is deemed a pariah state . 
  road building too . 
  decades of labour ignoring infrastructure problems are being undone . 
  that 's nice . 
  i liked alex :( the mad big bastard , he was great . 
  we 'll get there , the hardest part is already done - i never thought i 'd see support rise to the level it is at in my lifetime , now it 's just a case of winning over a relative handful of people . 
  tell theresa to invoke article 50 then if you 're so sure , 
  that 's the plan . 
  make friends and influence people , 
  you can basically guarantee any thread here with ` scotland ' in the title will end up as a throng of frothy brexiteers and right wingers circle jerking . 
   we can kick them out at the next general election aye , i can just see england kicking out the tories in 2020 ... 
  even if you do they 'll just be back again in 5-10 years , there 's enough people to believe their shite . 
  it 'd almost certainly go to a referendum post independence . 
  indeed , amusing how different the language used to describe each victory is . 
  a drill press , maybe a mill ? 
  a set of files ? 
  as far as i know the cops are n't watching who buys machine shop tools . 
  yeah scratch the whole politeness thing , you can fuck right off . 
  `` gave '' it 's this attitude thats driving scottish nationalism en masse . 
  you gave us nothing !, 
  everything we have achieved has been fought for over decades . 
  i do n't mean to sound harsh but this attitude that scotland is a possession to be given things from the gracious people of england is extremely unhealthy for the union . 
  devolution was the minimum possible effort that could be made to attempt to solve some of the democratic deficit present in the uk . 
  every possible power gained has had to be clawed away from westminster , it 's not the mutually respectful relationship that some would like it to be . 
  the snp did n't come out of nowhere , the federal solution that might have maintained a stronger sense of unity in the uk still has n't even been given proper consideration and the feeling is that it might well be too late especially given brexit . 
  the uk 's refusal to grant people proper governance over the decades has just bred resentment on both sides of the border and now we find such a clash of political cultures that many are seriously questioning the point of it all . 
  there 's a strong feeling that the uk is very much due an attack . 
  hey , if it keeps them all together in one easily ignored place i 'm all for the_donald . 
  no shit , he was just flying around in circles happily transmitting his location to the entire world . 
  he was n't hiding from anyone . 
  what benefit is there to france to keep it in calais ? 
  i 've never understood why the french agreed to that , it allows the uk to situate potential problems in another countries territory . 
  gee i wonder where this is headed ... 
  already happened . 
  insecure email server i 'd imagine , someone hacked it and forwarded it to wikileaks . 
  some people enjoy doing this sort of thing and wikileaks always appreciates the help . 
  dinghy does n't seem like a bad idea . 
  political asylum must be offered to those who leave turkey at this stage . 
  so it 's just a dump of the content of the external party email server ? 
  i doubt there will be anything of any interest in there ... 
  it 's starting to seem like it 'd be a good idea to get out of turkey right now if you 're at all opposed to these sorts of actions or even if you find yourself on the opposite side to erdogan through religion or political belief . 
  i ca n't imagine having to do this but i do n't see good things in turkeys future at all - people are going to want to leave . 
  it genuinely feels like a whole ocean of shit has built up over the past decade or so and decided 2016 is the time to form a mega shit tsunami that will engulf most of the world . 
  they 're the reason many scots want to get rid of the uk ... fast as well . 
  try sharing an island with them , it 's no fun . 
  he 's produced an heir , i 'm afraid the problem will not go away when he croaks . 
  i suppose he could just un-resign himself again , the party will probably want him back soon enough given the candidates to replace him are hardly inspiring - farage is a cock but he can at least lead that rag tag bunch of fruitcakes . 
  placates the loons - there had to be at least a couple of nutty brexiteer types in the cabinet otherwise they run the risk of losing votes to ukip in 2020 . 
  we ca n't really know that , i would n't put it past some of scotlands more ardent unionists to attempt to block independence . 
  it 's not vast is it , 51 % support i thought ? 
  i mean its a lot but if there was some unity amongst secular turks - and this kind of thing tends to break down party political disagreements - it can be opposed . 
  it 's not so much a case of wanting to , it 's more a case of simply not listening to what the younger people want . 
  of course they 're indirectly fucking over the young people by doing this but it 's not the primary motivation . 
  well of course , every nation likely does . 
  it might only amount to an intelligence officer with a hotline to russian hackers though ...
