  if you 've got the money you can have a website attacked , you do n't need to be a government either . 
  either way , i think he 's talking shit . 
  do we have any independent sources from marmaris confirming this ? 
  or he could just say he was in the cross hair of a fighter jet - after all , his government private jet was easily found doing casual loops for about 2 hours with its transponders switched on before it made a bee line towards istanbul - he made no attempt to hide . 
  i 'm not so sure - i mean his plane had the location transponder switched on , people around the world were watching it on flightradar ... 
  call me a sceptic but if i was trying to evade attack from my own military in a private jet i 'd probably want the transponder turned off . 
  erdogan is n't interested in eu accession i thought ? 
  i mean it 's good to get this said in no uncertain terms but i ca n't say it 'll mean much to someone like erdogan . 
  you 'd still be british . 
  why does scotland need to be in the uk for you to consider yourself british ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  ` raw facts ' you know the problems with gers do n't you ? 
  ahh , i see you favour the nigel farage approach to diplomacy . 
  the uk will do just fine without scotland , after all we 're supposed to be nothing but a drain on english taxes are n't we ? 
  you 'll be fine , the uk will be fine - it just wo n't include scotland anymore , just like it once included ireland . 
  agreed , i do n't think that 'd be fair on either scotland or england . 
  of course it can , it just wo n't be binding . 
  the eu referendum was confirmed to be held in 2015 . 
  not even the tories thought they would win a majority in 2015 during the scottish indyref - ruth davidson herself said to vote no to protect eu membership since they would n't get a majority and there would n't be an eu referendum . 
  of course , never trust a tory but then nobody from across the political spectrum thought the uk would be stupid enough to actually leave the eu ... 
  absolutely , the snp is a broad church that is only really held together by the desire for independence . 
  yep . 
  it 's funny how scotland is surrounded by similarly sized countries with similar populations all doing better than it is ... wonder what the difference could possibly be ? 
  very different forms of nationalism . 
  the people of scotland gave a very strong vote to remain in the eu - they did n't vote in support of ` hey lets wait and see what england wants to do ' . 
  there 's all sorts of discussions taking place . 
  the most interesting one is to place scotland into a ` holding pen ' if it votes for independence so that as soon as the split from the uk is complete it will be an eu member . 
  exactly . 
  maintaining our position in the eu would very likely be a boost for the scottish economy . 
  it was huge ... 
  i thought we were floating down to hang out with our oldest friend ireland ? 
  yeah , we 're not that close to nuclear fusion . 
  oil will be worth ever more in the near-mid future . 
  first one was bad enough . 
  what is his goal ? 
  i mean i understand he wants to turn turkey into an islamic republic - it 's a shitty plan but so be it - what 's the benefit to being aggressive towards other countries ? 
  they 're going to try and imply the americans are involved in this i think ... 
  while i 'm not sure of the reasons behind sealing off the base/cutting off us missions in syria they would n't dare pick a fight with the us . 
  they will be under intense pressure right now to get that base operating again , they are jeopardising nato efforts against isis targets . 
  the purge begins . 
  pretty amazing how they managed to identify pro-coup judges so quickly is n't it ? 
  so they 've now sealed off , shut down power and closed airspace at the base us is using for operations into syria - all now suspended . 
  yes but this really jeopardises operations in syria for nato does n't it ? 
  i 'm not sure any western power will really want their forces based in turkey after this even if all they are doing is flying missions into syria/iraq . 
  watching american cnn last night it was very clear that all the military spokespeople they had on were very concerned about the ability of us forces to continue their missions in syria with this going on . 
  no , there definitely has been incidents of soldiers attacking civilians . 
  neither party are blameless . 
  turkey simply is not ready for the eu . 
  i 'm sorry to say that this whole affair just confirms this , eu can not have members where this kind of thing happens . 
  maybe in a long time it will be but clearly there 's a lot that needs to be achieved . 
  fill it with spiders . 
  well given history can this really do much more damage to turkish-greek relations ? 
  honestly does n't seem like it to me . 
  seems like istanbul might be under control but not so sure about anywhere else, 
  http://streema.com/tv/play/cnn_turk live feed of cnn turk , chanting and gunshots, 
  explosions at airport ? 
  erdogan had just landed ... 
  ok , turkish gov jet just landed at istanbul - if erdogan appears on tv shortly then it 's confirmed it was his plane i guess . 
  so who 's bombing parliament ? 
  https://www.flightradar24.com/thy8456/a5a3952 thy8456 ( erdogan ? 
  turkish gov jet ) now heading directly north - towards istanbul ? 
  edit : definitely appears to be heading for istanbul . 
  rt now reporting that parliament being bombed from the air : o, 
  via facetime ? 
  that was a couple hours ago at least by now, 
  it 's not clear . 
  there 's videos of coup military being arrested , troops being attacked but also celebrated . 
  coupists are bombing parliament ? 
  https://www.flightradar24.com/thy8456/a5a3952 apparently a private turkish gov jet , been orbiting hodul for a while now - erdogan ? 
  it 's impossible to tell - i 'm seeing people both attacking soldiers and celebrating them . 
  it seems that the turkish police wear military uniforms though so it could be that i 'm seeing people celebrating the police . 
  it does seem like the entire military is not on board though due to fighting between what are definitely military units . 
  looks like a civilian - wearing black leather shoes ( i think ) and doesnt appear to be in military clothes . 
  coup apparently, 
  not sure but apparently a helicopter being used by military involved in coup has been shot down - it 'd appear that the entire military is n't on board . 
  military definitely firing on crowds now , advisor to erdogan on the line telling cnn that the coup is from a small faction of military . 
  rumours are that he 's trying for uk now, 
  http://streema.com/tv/play/rtve_24_horas looks like this is it , thanks, 
  whats it called ? 
  which feed ? 
  sky news is terrible , keeps avoiding showing anything live . 
  just saw people being fired on with automatic gunfire , sky news switched to scene on bosphorus bridge and quickly had to change camera . 
  i see , thank you and be safe, 
  why are the police fighting the military ? 
  sorry , i 'm not terribly experienced in how a coup works but i would imagine the cops would know the game is up if the military are in control ? 
  well , if theresa is to be believed - yes , i think so . 
  and how 's the indy opinion polls looking ? 
  it really has n't happened . 
  she 's been in the job two days ... 
  we 'll see ... and do n't just downvote people who spend the time to reply to you , it 's pathetic . 
  you think pm may standing up in wm and saying in no uncertain terms : `` no referendum '' wo n't have an effect on opinion in scotland ? 
  takes all sorts i suppose . 
  denying a referendum will drum up the anti-uk atmosphere far better than sturgeon ever could ... 
  so / r/europe - it 's looking likely that we 're going to see a stalemate situation develop over brexit . 
  scotland will not agree to leave the eu and if this statement is anything to go by the uk will not allow a binding referendum for scotland to leave the uk . 
  thoughts ? 
  do n't feel like you need to keep it a secret , this is a safe space, 
  they can only state what they intend to do , if the uk government refuse to co-operate that leaves no other option . 
  uk decided on no pre-negotiation ... 
  you have no power here !,
