  i 'm chewin ' on a nice healthy salad as i type this, 
  it 'll cause chaos . 
  the only thing providing even a modicum of stability right now is the ( mistaken ) belief that the uk wo n't actually do it . 
  for fucks sake frankeh : /, 
  have you had any luck finding out where this missing tax revenue is going ? 
  i 'm sure there must be some people with an idea ? 
  i am not saying they are the same . 
  both however do push extremist political agenda - just because that is true does not mean that i consider the methods proposed by le pen and her ilk to be on a similar scale of horror as those employed by isis . 
  both are however extremist , le pen is an extremist in the context of european social democracy and liberalism , isis because they choose to murder innocent people to further their political aims . 
  you do n't see how fighting extremism with extremism could make things worse ? 
  seems like the shooting was most likely from police , the windscreen of the truck is peppered with bullet holes . 
  fuck , that looks like a lot of people :(, 
  she does n't consider gove a threat . 
  shes culling those who she does/considers incompetent , boris is clearly not one of those . 
  has n't she said she 's not willing to do it in 2016 though ? 
  theyre going to drag their heels i suspect . 
  they always make these sorts of speeches . 
  take a look at theresa mays voting record - she 's no different to any other tory . 
  she 'll make nice speeches , tell the country she 's fighting inequality and making life better for everyone while rewarding the rich , fucking the poor and spitting on the vulnerable . 
  it 's ideological , if she wanted to do the things she says she wants to do she would not be in the conservative party . 
  party before country . 
  she 's a tory who knows the tory party is barely held together right now , by giving one of ` their lot ' a high ranking position it 's an attempt to placate them . 
  ours too . 
  i do n't believe we do deserve more votes . 
  we do deserve the right of any people to determine their own future though . 
  it meant a lot to thatcher , for what it 's worth . 
  tories do n't like to talk about that though ... 
  ok fine , how about the snp and greens who do form a majority ? 
  both are pro independence . 
  this . 
  self determination should be something everyone believes in , artificially preserving the uk just to make leave voters happy is not at all acceptable . 
  scotlands position on the eu was well known prior to the referendum , it was ignored and the consequences of doing so will be another independence referendum . 
  speak for yourself . 
  tell scots that scotland is n't a country , or for that matter the english . 
  this idea that the uk is merely composed of regions does n't wash . 
  goves face is ridiculous . 
  i know it 's childish but i ca n't help it , i 've never seen anyone who looks like gove - normally faces repeat themselves but his is utterly unique . 
  sounds familiar ... 
  https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jan/18/labour-squanders-scotland-oil-revenues you 're welcome . 
  i 'd rather not , but then i think that 's a question to be put to referendum when more important matters are resolved . 
  it 's not a case of not listening , we always knew the only option would be to leave the uk . 
  yes it did . 
  scottish oil kept london afloat in thatchers era and scotland paid more than it takes the vast majority of years since . 
  scotland is up there with the top performing regions of the uk . 
  unless you 're from london or the se it 's likely scotland has contributed more than your own region . 
  ok fine , there could well be a short period outside of the eu . 
  seems to increase every time i 'm told this, 
  scotland kept the uk afloat for at least a decade ... 
  it 's in conflict with un charter , that 's certain . 
  un are toothless though and allow it to happen . 
  it 's not really anything surprising . 
  all this means is scotland needs to be independent of the uk to maintain its membership . 
  that 's the preferred option of the majority of scots . 
  indy2 it is then . 
  the question is : when ? 
  it 's not out of the blue . 
  what is out of the blue is that people now believe they are right to actually express it beyond just nodding in agreement to some vicious tabloid headline or speech by farage . 
  both ukip and conservative meps have been doing their absolute best to cause a deterioration in relations between the uk and the rest of the ep . 
  to the conservatives it just comes naturally but ukip are using it as an election strategy more than anything . 
  nigels electoral success requires him to have an enemy with which he can campaign against . 
  he wants an angry , vindictive and uncooperative eu . 
  he needs this to take to his followers and claim as proof of him being right all along and how dare these foreign bastards treat glorious great britain this way !, 
  bonus points if the economic situation in the uk has deteriorated significantly , he 'll claim this is either the fault of the eu or if he 's feeling like indulging his racist side he 'll blame it on immigrants . 
  he 's got his eyes set on uk parliament and he 'll run on a ticket of being the man to restore britains ` rightful ' place in the world . 
  he 's a massive throwback , he genuinely does believe that all the uk needs to succeed is churchill style leadership and an imperialist mindset . 
  he was a fucking privately educated stockbroker . 
  i 've no doubt he worked hard but he 's hardly the salt of the earth man of the people he 'd love to make himself out as . 
  just how do you suggest we do deal with the eu then given the fact that we barely have a functioning government in the uk right now and are n't likely to be getting one who will be particularly sympathetic to scottish interests ? 
  should we just suck it up and hope uk gov wo n't let us down ? 
  we 're part of the eu currently and voted strongly to remain , we 're not outsiders . 
  the telegraph ... 
  worked for the irish , did n't it ? 
  we 're not yours to give . 
  this is what we 're counting on . 
  we need more than just a standing ovation and best wishes although those things are absolutely appreciated . 
  we need the eu to recognise that the uk will use ** any ** doubt as to scotlands future eu membership against us in an independence referendum campaign . 
  they will use their media and their entire political machine , just as they did before , to attempt to persuade scots to say no a second time . 
  we need to counter this , we tried our best the last time but there is only so much we can do . 
  voted down , thankfully . 
  they spent the entire debate telling the people of scotland to just suck it up and trust the uk government to do its best . 
  not good enough . 
  the absolute best thing the eu can do for scotland is an unequivocal answer to the question of whether scotland can be an eu member post independence and if so what the conditions of entry are . 
  we need this information in no uncertain terms in order to stand a chance of winning a second independence referendum . 
  the fact that you 're apparently irish and can post a comment like that surprises me . 
  do n't recall anything , could be wrong there though . 
  sadiq khan said something similar to sturgeon though . 
  i think so . 
  we 're very proud of our lads for their performance tonight , true scottish heroes . 
  english guy living in scotland i assume ? 
  either way he 's scottish now . 
  aye we ca n't have that . 
  i need there to be some sort of warning so i can go on a nice long holiday somewhere distant . 
  a minority of people . 
  he did it to try and shore up the conservative vote , concerned they were losing too much to ukip . 
  economic migrants . 
  remains to be seen , polling would suggest we 're roughly as split as ever on that . 
  i think positive noises from the eu will change things , i 've been amazed with how angry the people around me are about the euref result and being taken out of the eu against their will , from all political persuasions too . 
  keep pre-prepared scottish independence responses in a text file for easy pasting . 
  it 's what i ended up having to do in 2014 . 
  now now , we wo n't have facts ruining things thank you very much .
