without violence , nothing is ever accomplished in history . 
  marx did n't write that though . 
  louise mensch , is that you ? 
  saint petersburg is in europe . 
  that 's not the author . 
  that 's a contributor . 
  anyway even berlin does n't have a coast . 
   typical of the east-coast elite the author is living in austria . 
  because it 's the official color . 
  for graphics like election results purple is used and in some cases people use `` dark red '' if they need to be more specific . 
  so we should tolerate wahabists , isis and akp right-wing propagandists in europe ? 
  cool . 
  they 're just having opinions after all . 
  i think your time is better spent on investigating pizzagate . 
   i feel like i 'm going insane i agree . 
   this email is directly from podesta #  from:orca100@upcmail.nl hm . 
  why should we ? 
  it 's just spam by some random dude . 
  as insightful as youtube or your comments . 
  so you 're telling us trump might 've lost the popular vote by up to 3.6 million ? 
  great news !, 
   irrational ideology unnecessary sex segregation is rational ? 
  are mixed swimming lessons also irrational ? 
   heavy blow against the military industrial complex one can only hope . 
   standing up for the lgbtq community by holding up a rainbow flag ( upside down ; likely a prop anyway ) or what has he done/wants to do ? 
  apparently but i ca n't say for sure . 
  pe is n't always separated but the only always mixed exceptions i can think of are elementary school , small classes/classes with very few boys or girls , and - not sure if that counts - a teacher of the opposite sex . 
   are always mixed this is not true . 
  pe usually is n't mixed too . 
   but scratch a little deeper , and stark differences emerge between fillon and merkel , from their attitudes towards gay rights -- fillon opposes gay marriage [ ... ] so does merkel ? 
  i do n't even get why people circlejerk about political spectrum positions . 
  spd and greens are both center-left parties but do n't agree on quite a few ( minor ) issues . 
  for example , the greens and their voters are way more anti-russia . 
  there is also a big minority of germans that is against sanctions , want to have a better relationship with russia or dislike nato . 
  and not everyone is a nationalist , stalinist , east german or russian immigrant . 
  liberal capitalists : wtf i like violence against cops now, 
  i still do n't see how both statements are even relevant . 
  liberalism has a different meaning in europe . 
  cnn europe or cnn germany does n't exist . 
  kinda interesting that the two other comments here reference stupid american political memes like ` reality has a liberal bias ' and ` cnn is fake news ' . 
  no , it has n't . 
  it 's still possible for the afd to become the minor party with the most seats . 
  however the fdp and the left could do . 
  in case of the greens it 's a bit more doubtful but who knows ? 
  it is n't a new development and not unique to germany . 
  for example , look at the netherlands ( pvda ) or france ( ps ) . 
  both held national elections this year . 
  the traditional major center-left parties ( social democrats ) are almost collapsing everywhere in the west . 
  it 's also not a coincidence that at the same time right-wing populist/far-right parties have risen . 
  if you 're opposed to neoliberalism , the political establishment and especially immigration , why would you vote spd ? 
   in swedish also germany , austria and switzerland : \u201e b\u00fcrgerlich `` . 
  7,9 % = afd ? 
  anyway it 's a bit more complicated because the left is also partially eurosceptic ( eu is neoliberal , undemocratic , militaristic ; voted unanimously against euro ) . 
  do you also blame the media for writing that there is not difference between rioters and peaceful protesters ? 
   looked like war zone it did n't . 
  look at syria if you want to see an actual war zone . 
  yeah , [ go home !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2flpdqgfasw ), 
  a neoliberal dictatorship sympathizer calls something they do n't like fascism . 
  they were against this law . 
  http://deklaration-fuer-meinungsfreiheit.de/en/ ( scroll down , first picture ), 
  yeah , turkey is also missing . 
  trump supporters be like : wtf i like liberal globalization now . 
  not sure but the weimar republic , especially during the 20s , was surprisingly progressive . 
  of course , these cultural changes were n't received very well by conservatives . 
  and i think everybody here roughly knows what the nazis did in the 30s . 
  it is n't . 
  the party is anti-constitutional but it also ca n't be banned , so conservatives and social democrats proposed cutting funding such parties instead . 
  keep ignoring the fact that all lawmakers that have n't voted with `` yes '' were left-wing and it was the political far-right in germany that killed millions of people they do n't like . 
  the npd is literally a neo-nazi party . 
  yeah , ** old ** `` white '' people ( because they are the ones in power ) . 
  you 're misrepresenting your ideological friend . 
   once the elderly have died off , the surviving whites will be living as minorities in the countries that were once theirs . 
   to save the west , we must revolt and cut the elderly loose . 
  we must seize their pensions and deny them their healthcare . 
  we must reallocate these resources to produce native offspring . 
  the author seems to be a dutch ethno-nationalist . 
  i somewhat doubt he wants to kill `` white '' people . 
  christian democrats/conservatives ? 
  only nationalists are really against the eu . 
  and soft euroscepticism can be found among left-wing parties . 
  so the division you 're describing does n't exist . 
  i think you 're confused , mate . 
  merkel is the head of government ( chancellor ) . 
  steinmeier is the head of state . 
  you sure you 're not american ? 
  seeing political parties as a sports team and your arguments are basically simply using buzzwords . 
  how does ` libertarian ' even in quotes fit in here ? 
  you do now ( right - ) libertarians are liberal ? 
  i 'm still waiting for you to answer my question . 
  why are you so sure this would n't have happened if johnson was still mayor ? 
  also bavaria is overwhelmingly a conservative state and even if it were minor terror attacks , the mayors of both cities are n't socdems/center-left . 
  do you really think it would n't have happened under a tory ? 
  sounds far-fetched to me . 
  big cities are left-leaning . 
  big cities are a better terrorist target than small towns . 
  breaking news !, 
  apparently their reason seems to be that things like burning holy books should n't be covered by freedom of expression because it might disturb the public order . 
  greenpeace are hypocrites ? 
  they 've protested vw as well .
