both are breech action , but thats not saying much . 
  martini uses a falling block while those based on the henry use a toggle link . 
  externally they appear the same but internally they 're different . 
  and of course , the martini is a single shot . 
  which , the main benefit of a winchester ( based on the henry ) for me is that its carbine that packs a punch . 
  i hate boar . 
  oh definitely , if i ever take it to the range i have to let the kids shoot , they want to shoot the `` cowboy rifle '' they 've never seen before . 
  i just do n't say a martini is the same action as a henry because of the reload . 
  i have a lever action . 
  but that 's for boar . 
   do you really need semi-automatic rifles to hunt ? 
  how is that even a sport ? 
  yes . 
  i mean its not full auto , you understand that , it 's one pull one shot . 
  i mean i have to bring a pistol hunting too , but when you 're hunting small game a semi-auto makes sense, 
  they allowed a specific federal law to expire . 
  no one except the fringe left wanted to keep it . 
  gun regulation , except for automatic weapons and silencers , by and large remains a state issue . 
  then you fight it . 
  an idea should be fought with ideas , or are you admitting that your idea is less likely to win on its intellectual merits ? 
  the frg did n't matter to the final outcome . 
  reagan spent the soviets into the ground . 
  ca n't , they 're franchises . 
  maybe they had ideas about collectivism , but socialism ... as defined by the collective ownership of the means of production and the refusal of private property as a means of wealth generation is completely marx . 
  collectivism = / = socialism . 
  when has appeasement worked ? 
  member of the evil league of evil . 
  no local nfl teams , so college becomes the nfl team . 
  again , i have no idea how anyone still believes this but the us never supported bin laden or the taliban , we supported what would become the northern alliance . 
  and it might be , or it might not be , but we have the ability to act in our self interest and that 's what successive administrations and congresses have decided . 
  no it did n't . 
  the idea of collectivism did . 
  but the idea of social ownership of the means of production combined with the rejection of capital as a means of wealth generation and with a materialist view of history and power did not . 
  hegemonic self-interest . 
  it 's very appropriate to use academic distinctions when talking about philosophical schools of thought . 
  it also was n't the saudi government . 
  one is the actions of individuals within the country , one is the actions of the government . 
  but warned that tehran was in default of the spirit of the accord and that washington would look for ways to strengthen it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internationalist_communist_organisation  the internationalist communist organisation ( french : organisation communiste internationaliste , oci ) was a trotskyist political party in france . 
  its successor is the internationalist communist current of the workers party . 
  okay , the democrats and republicans are n't parties either . 
  that 's such a flowery definition . 
  socialism can only be defined as a social ownership of the means of production . 
  social ownership literally is where you get the root of the word socialism . 
  and the republican and democratic parties are both organizations in their charters as well . . 
  they can . 
  just like i can call what 's in my backyard a hippo and i 'll plug my ears when you tell me it 's really a deer . 
  but they generally refer , in a philosophical sense , to a certain school of thought or schools of thought . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_schools_of_philosophy liberalism as a political school defined by a focus on liberty , individualism , and a limited government that contains everything from classical liberalism to modern social liberalism . 
  socialism as political school of thought defined by social ownership/collectivism and a strong government . 
  you 're saying they have different definitions is like i 'm saying the european continent is distinct from the african one then you go `` nuh uh , europe has everything from ukraine to portugal and africa has everything from tunisia to south africa . '', 
  you 're missing the forest for the trees . 
  no i 'm not . 
  and i 'm beginning to hope they do . 
  enjoy living under the russian umbrella of genocide instead . 
  we do n't really profit ? 
   you only used them late for an excuse for your war saddam gassed a kurdish town after it was overrun by the iranian army . 
  before desert storm . 
  once we achieved hegemony in the region , we established no fly zones . 
  but seriously . 
  tell me , what has your country ever done that was meaningful ? 
  how far back do you go ? 
  you see , this is the anti-american sentiment i find so baffling . 
  it 's a lose lose . 
  we 're damned if we do , damned if we do n't . 
  burger burger burger . 
  i mean , i kinda like that nickname . 
  it 's not insulting . 
  it 's like `` hey , you created the single most economical food in history , let 's make fun of you '' you do n't have to be in love to support someone . 
  you 're making me like shithole european countries a lot less , but its not like we 'll let russia invade you . 
  like the overarching school of thought in philosophy which are often clearly defined . 
  the oci is an internationalist troskyite party seeking to be a revolutionary party . 
  ignoring that it did not compete in elections , it was still an organization designed to influence the political process and was structured as a party . 
  my definition of socialism is quoting marxist theory , cause marx both clarified what socialism is for the first time and was the most influential writer in that field . 
  why do you keep saying burgers ? 
  anti-americanism from someone who 's probably never been to america is stupid . 
   roflmao if taking out saddam was morally good why you burgers funded his regime to fight a country who 's stated goal for ~ 40 years now is the destruction of the united states . 
   and let him use chem weapons on kurds let him ? 
  so we 're supposed to intervene then , but not later ? 
  but ignoring all that , we did n't let him . 
  we imposed no fly zones over iraq and we began arming kurds . 
  i 'm talking philosophical schools , which have clear definitions . 
  the saudi government never funded groups that blew up marine barracks and provided ieds . 
  i 'm saying one is objectively worse than the other . 
   as if you burgers did n't start wars for even less or for no reason like iraq war taking out saddam was morally good , after we took over is when things went to shit . 
  but you know why what you say does n't really bother me ? 
  because you 're complaining about my country making mistakes your country would never have the ability to . 
  it 's not that your country does n't make big mistakes , you simply ca n't . 
  socialism is objectively a far left ideology . 
  by rejecting the capacity of private capital as a means of wealth generation it firmly falls outside the wide ranging mainstream liberal thought that permeates western democracies . 
  okay , well lets prove my points :  he was n't . 
  until 1977 he was a member of the internationalist communist party . 
   that 's what you 're being told in the u.s. , it does n't have the same meaning in europe , or at least not in france i 'm not using a geographic meaning . 
  i 'm using a philosophical one . 
  both that socialism is outside the realm of capitalist and liberal thought by both denying the capacity of private capital as a means of wealth generation and by rejecting the individual right to use their private property for their economic advancement . 
  if we look to a communist philosopher , oh i 'll give away the ending i 'm using marx , socialism is the first stage of the communist revolution !, 
  ( stage 1 of 2 ) . 
  no wonder communists and socialists are so prevalent in europe , you do n't understand communism . 
  a communist is someone who has read marx , an anti-communist is someone who understands marx . 
  that 's the dumbest thing i 've read today .
