  the ksa was aligned against the british and the us when they pushed out the hashimids . 
  so the only solution was work with evil religious nutjobs ( like you somehow now want us to with iran , but in this case its evil ) or start a war . 
  which would you have picked . 
  they did n't meet the requirements . 
  they violated it repeatedly . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/05/20/is-iran-already-violating-the-nuclear-deal-by-illegally-testing-ballistic-missiles/?utm_term=.801148821d4f why is there this love for iran ? 
  they 're not good faith actors , and never have been . 
  melenchon should be far left ... are you kidding ? 
  he was a former member of a communist party , socialist party , and his new party is avowedly socialist . 
  he called for a redistribution of wealth , a tax of 100 % for income over 300k euros . 
  he called for a radical change to the the rights of private property . 
  he 's a socialist , so communist stage 1 ... 
  he was a member of the communist party , come on . 
  what problems exist in their methodology then ? 
  https://www.google.com/search?q=apple+logo+shirt&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=shop&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewik-z3r9b3vahvrwymkhzducxwq_auicigb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=974 thanks to capitalism and competition , you have that ability . 
  yes . 
  because the cost of living is cheaper so the real purchasing power of the wages goes up . 
   `` what these people valued was high wages ; it did n't seem to be a matter of any consequence to them whether the high wages would buy anything or not . 
  they stood for `` protection , '' and swore by it , which was reasonable enough , because interested parties had gulled them into the notion that it was protection which created their high wages . 
  i proved to them that in a quarter of a century their wages had advanced but 30 per cent. , while the cost of living had gone up 100 ; and that with us wages had advanced 40 per cent. , while the cost of living had gone steadily down . 
  but it did n't do any good . 
  nothing could unseat their strange beliefs '', 
  well , they provide their methodology used to achieve those rankings its not just a buzzfeed list . 
  workers are consumers . 
  if you can now get say , a tshirt for 5 dollars instead of 10 you are now 5 dollars better off . 
  expanding this across the spectrum for the vast majority of products allows individuals to engage in their competitive advantage to thrive . 
  when everyone competes to engage in the most profitable way to serve one another the economy as a whole benefits . 
  it 's pretty much the tenet of all modern economic theories besides communism . 
  outside the united kingdom , no one really has a system of top universities recognized internationally . 
  it 's an objectively true economic statement . 
  you 're acting like workers are n't consumers . 
  cheaper products make everyone wealthier . 
  https://www.bls.gov/opub/reports/minimum-wage/2015/home.htm slightly less than 2 % have earned minimum wage in the passed year if you do n't count teenagers . 
  that 's a complete fabrication . 
  the largest groups of people who get minimum wage are those < 18 and those at the job for less than 6 months . 
  outside the uk , no one really has a a system of internationally recognized universities . 
  why , they 're providing a cheaper product . 
  it 's an economic benefit to the danish economy to have cheaper labor . 
   reach 2 % before the legally binding date . 
  one , it 's not legally binding . 
  there 's no method of enforcement so that 's completely out the window . 
  the only punishment that could be would be the us unilaterally saying not meeting 2 % is equivalent to you conveying your intent to withdraw . 
  second , you 're ignoring the fact that all but 4 countries had previously failed a near identical agreement in 2006 to reach a 2 % goal by 2014 . 
  so the only punishment for that near identical agreement was to agree to try again but by 2020 this time . 
  europeans significantly underestimate the political significance of 2 % in the us . 
  americans see the 2 % goal not being met as europeans ripping the united states off . 
  when the united states needs europe , it 's incapable of meeting demands , but the us remains capable of meeting the security needs of europe . 
  americans are generally dismissive of whether or not someone like estonia could make a meaningful contribution in the grand scheme , and tend to see whether or not they 're trying in the first place . 
  well i think they 've already established what the defense policy is for nato . 
  a commitment by each country to come to the mutual defense of an attacked country . 
  when georgia can commit more troops to an article 5 war despite not being in nato than almost every nato member , i think it would be a little embarrassing . 
  they 'd been committing to the 2 % since 2004 , then they committed again in 2015 . 
  like , that 's not a commitment , it 's just words . 
  obama did n't increase deportations . 
  they started counting those turned away at the border as deportations . 
  and bill clinton never got a majority of the votes in either election . 
  good thing we do n't decide elections with a majority vote or california 's inane election laws would forever deprive republicans a chance to compete . 
  ... well ... she did . 
  she lost to the first major party nominee not to receive a majority of votes in the modern primary system . 
  no , in the primaries , they got the same % of their own parties vote . 
  something with money behind them . 
  wow , two youtube ads . 
  please . 
  show me one negative ad . 
  show me someone who opposed him and went negative in a sustained and meaningful way . 
  no one talks about his negatives because republicans would love to run against him and democrats ca n't piss off his base . 
  bernie and trump got about the same % of vote . 
  because you 're listening to reddit . 
  he 's not a young earther , he 's not a creationist . 
  he believes that god created everything and science is a path to understanding the world he created ... 
  not in the us . 
  social conservatives are tied into a more protestant wing than in other countries . 
  they 're a cross between a german stereotypical obsession with work , long ago made a philosophical alliance with libertarians , and despise abortion . 
  johnson was impeached . 
  so was johnson and clinton . 
   sanders is the most popular senator please , tell me when someone has talked about sanders besides sanders supporters . 
  everyone not supporting him knows his negatives : - breadlines are the sign of a healthy economy - it 's okay to shut down ` counterrevolutionary newspapers ' ( referencing a communist government shutting down papers ) - the stress of fighting the us gave communist assassins cancer so we should stop opposing communism - was an actual elector for a communist ( big c ) party, 
  come on , look on the left too . 
  msnbc looks like the center as well . 
  all the bernie bros are just as deep in the conspiracy hole . 
  then they all move to texas or arizona or nevada or virginia ... 
  it 's the same in the us , but you 're expected to use it for grad school etc. 
  not as a stand alone degree . 
   that is because a lot of well earning career majors fall within the term philosophy in the usa . 
  and it 's a big undergrad degree if you want to go to law school or pair with another degree ( met a bunch of doctors with a philosophy degree ) . 
  dying the most or killing the most is n't the objective of war, 
  dude , look at every famous churchill speech from wwii . 
  `` we 're just gon na have to hold it out until america steps up ''  thanks to its timely intervention in europe after the other world powers put the rubble back together . 
  was n't our war for most of it , was europe 's war . 
  europe desired peace for the absence of war . 
  `` those ages which in retrospect seem most peaceful were least in search of peace ... 
  whenever peace -- conceived as the avoidance of war -- has been the primary objective of a power or a group of powers , the international system has been at the mercy of the most ruthless member of the international community . '', 
   but it was not at the centre leading the line as it might paint itself , but at the side until it seemed like a good idea . 
  so what you 're saying is europe started it and america finished it ? 
  but we 're not equals . 
  but your government always tries to get him back and virginia wo n't give him back ( or give him parole ) because german policies would have him out in 6 months to 2 years . 
  yeah but you have suspects , witnesses , victims , and even arrested some of them and you just ... let them go ? 
  so latin america is white now ? 
  germans are still salty about us sticking jens s\u00f6ring in jail til he dies ? 
   in the us someone suspected of terrorism can have their rights stripped and be tortured , indefinitely imprisoned , denied an attorney or trial , not even have their relatives informed of his or hers whereabouts not `` in '' the us .
