  jackass ignorant populist movements that do n't take the world around them into consideration , and are just told that they 're bad people , or feel like they 're being told they 're bad people . 
  you 'd be amazed . 
  here in america if a national representative gets called a racist or insulted by someone on the left , the people on the right who voted for him/her will feel like they were personally attacked and called a racist . 
  it 's something of a small-town/tribal feeling , or at least this is all a considerable part of it . 
  like i say , it 's kind of ridiculous . 
  but people who have never cared or thought of expanding their world view or considering the other nearly half of the world who lives on $ 2 a day or less or who live in active war zones , who are n't worried about a possible terrorist attack that might kill a few dozen people at random in a country of over 300 million , but are worried about isis literally coming to their town and taking it over completely , taxing them and imposing a shitty form of sharia law ... these people have n't considered what the rest of the world can be like and is like . 
  they just see new cultures moving into their area and do n't want their hometown changed from when it was 50 years ago . 
  it 's shortsighted , it 's somewhat xenophobic , but very much so also normal human nature . 
  it 's okay to long for your familiar feeling of home !, 
  it 's not okay to do it at the expense of so many people around the world . 
  and it 's not okay to miss your feeling of home if that includes active discrimination or things like that . 
  and i mean this is how we have to approach it . 
  slowly and softly . 
  there are a lot of mostly okay people who just have a small world mindset who will vote for trump just because he 's a republican and republicans want to take america back to an earlier easier time . 
  similar with brexit . 
  ukip members have got to be pretty horrible on average - kinda like people who actively want trump himself to win . 
  but a lot more than just ukip voters voted for brexit . 
  ukip and i have to imagine nearly all of its members are pretty horrible , but it seems like there were a lot more average people voting for brexit than just that who have n't been or have n't * felt * properly communicated to , or looked down on . 
  so when someone comes along and tells you the problems of your country are because of bureaucrats and that they 're elitists snobs who do n't care about you or what you think , and that brexit will put the uk 's people back in charge , it sounds pretty good . 
  it 's a failure of communication , and i put considerably more fault on the brexit voters or people who 'll vote for trump for whatever reason , but that 's the reality that stay voters and democrats live in . 
  if they want real progress and to avoid catastrophe , there has to be real communication , whatever ridiculous or unacceptable measures it feels like it takes . 
  not saying there is n't hypocrisy . 
  just that it needs to be addressed compassionately , or else hatred will brew from that hypocrisy as the world moves on , it 'll be expressed , draw hate from the people who moved on , and things just turn out poorly . 
  the vocal ones absolutely . 
  and when it comes to specifically ukip , then largely yes . 
  but it was n't only ukip voters who voted for brexit . 
  it was a lot of other voters too . 
  more average people , more normal people . 
  yeah a lot were fear mongered into it and did n't bother to get their facts together , which is shit . 
  but i dunno man . 
  it 's like when hillary clinton just called half of trump 's supporters in the us a basket of deplorables . 
  it 's true , but it 's only a part of his supporters , not all . 
  yet some people who are okay in their day to day lives and horrible people are voting for him . 
  why ? 
  a lot feel alienated , lost . 
  a lot are talking just like op talked . 
  there 's been a lot of changes to first world white living , and many have been left out of the discussion and feel talked down to . 
  i think it 's wrong of them to feel that way , completely wrong . 
  and somewhat self-victimizing . 
  but we are n't doing due dilligence if that many people feel that way . 
  it has to at least be addressed . 
  i mean , he 's somewhat right about being attacked if we look at your type of comments . 
  they 're just mean and unecesarily rude . 
  people like op might complain about being attacked for bullshit reasons , but complaining about posts like yours is entirely legitimate . 
  plus posts like yours make the real issues easier to shrug off . 
  it 's not necessarily that he 's racist . 
  he 's probably somewhat xenophobic . 
  and that needs to be talked about openly and compassionately . 
  it 's pretty human to miss how your world used to be . 
  pretty human , to feel shoved out of your own world , and to feel life swirling around you is changing too fast for you . 
  largely because borders are falling , physically , politically , and culturally . 
  people should strive to embrace it , but not all will !, 
  and that 's reality . 
  but that 's entirely human and okay to feel !, 
  it 's okay to not feel comfortable around foreigners ( whatever race or background ) - humans are a tribal species , it 's a strong instinct a lot of people out there have to overcome . 
  what 's not okay is to hold that unease against someone as a person or to identify them by their foreignness , what 's not okay is to act on that unease , what 's not okay is to treat them differently in meaningful ways ( legal proceedings , job discrimination , etc. . . basically discrimination is not okay ) . 
  and then past that , people need to understand that yes , their world is changing . 
  but it 's to make sure other people have a world . 
  to make sure tens hundreds of thousands of innocent people are n't killed . 
  to make sure hundreds of thousands more are n't displaced and left to try to figure out how to live during a time of constant and horrible war . 
  what an american or a european is providing through allowing their world to change is a chance for hundreds of thousands of people to not live in hell on earth . 
  and that 's why politicians are pushing for migrants to be accepted in . 
  we either take then in - our neighbors as human beings , distant as they may be , or we let them suffer horrible lives . 
  those are the real choices . 
  first world whites have lost a lot of ground in terms of power and money since world war ii . 
  a lot see what they had and do n't realize that it does n't exist anymore and ca n't unless we want to go back to abusing the rest of the world moreso than we are today . 
  i mean , i think israel is definitely overreaching , and people need to make that case . 
  but like you get at , israel is in a perilous position and does many things out of literal survival ... the sad thing is that a certain burden is placed on them because they 're one of/the most reasonable government ( s ) in their region . 
  any time that someone makes a valid point about israel , someone is going to see it and play devil 's advocate to the other side of valid points . 
  it 's a very difficult topic to have a conversation about ... all the more so because so many people have such hateful and horrible positions on either side . 
  i mean i think that 's absolutely a harsh way to put it , but your sentiment about the israeli settlements being shitty is more accurate . 
  they did n't though . 
  that only happened later into his term . 
  dems had 59 senators at the start . 
  it never used to be allowed to be linked . 
  left a long time ago , might have changed i guess . 
  sad times . 
  kind of yeah !, 
  she 's not exciting , and she 's not personable . 
  she does n't interact emotionally with voters in large settings well . 
  this whole campaign she used dozens of advocates to say `` i know hillary personally , and she 's incredible and thoughtful and caring and a hard worker in all these ways . '', 
  and i believe it 's 100 % true ... it 's just she 'd never be able to give you that feeling herself in a typical televised event . 
  she does n't appeal to young voters , she is n't really inspirational ( unless supposedly you know her or have interacted with her in a more intimate setting ) , all the people who got so excited because of bernie got let down in their eyes when hillary became the candidate . 
  in a year of passionate populism she was the measured and steady-handed establishment candidate , and it made her look even worse . 
   attracts very little in the way of enthusiasm this was certainly an issue for clinton , but i think a really big factor were her `` scandals , '' especially the email issue . 
  well , as far as * who she is * goes . 
  i think there were a lot of reasons she lost and any number of things she could have done better , but as far as * who she is , * i think the `` scandals '' played a huge role . 
  i do n't know france well enough to know if people care about juppe 's outright conviction , from reading it sounds like they may not ? 
  if not , it 's a big difference between the two . 
  he 's not hated by a large group of the country . 
  clinton and trump were the first and second most disliked candidates ever nominated since we 've started polling . 
  oh i know , it 's already bad there are as many as there are and that they 're as bad as they are , but there really are some funny memes or jokes like the second marriage acceptance map post a few days ago . 
  but this is just too far even among bad jokes or memes . 
  and obviously this sub is vaguely themed , but i would think its theme does n't gel with this post ... 
  please let 's not actually be a meme sub or the next polandball ... 
  he was , go watch those videos . 
  he 'll be speaking on subjects he wants to talk about and knows intimately . 
  he still speaks the same way . 
  it 's still as self-absorbed , it 's still as grandstanding . 
  it 's still as stupid , just not as often .
