it 's not like a preemptive strike would stop any retaliation though . 
  nato would still get its nukes off no problem , its bombers would still be in the air , their submarines and whatnot would still be safe . 
  who strikes first does n't matter - both sides will be able to let their first strikes go perfectly fine and cripple the others ' traditional military force projection . 
  the thing is , he 's being aggressive in ukraine , yes , but all those steps you mentioned were really pretty small . 
  annexing was a big deal , continuing after the annexation was ( seen as ) a moderate deal , if he takes all of ukraine it 'll be a big deal . 
  if he goes past ukraine , it 'll be a very big deal . 
  if he 'd aggressively use nukes though , it would be a massive massive deal . 
  it would be * the * biggest deal since wwii . 
  nukes are a red line in the minds of 90 % + of people . 
  `` putin 's thugs , '' however true it may be , is still editorialization . 
  there 's no need for name calling - the actions will speak for themselves . 
  establish residency ; kill customs agent who let me in \\ #winning, 
  french kissing i 've heard of lots . 
  i 've never heard `` french love , '' though i wonder if op means `` menage a trois . '', 
  it 's a french term for a threeway . 
  it 's a rarer thing . 
  and there are n't any rules regarding things like titles or names or things you could use quotation marks for besides actual quotes . 
  i 'd argue somewhat strongly against using single quotes to denote titles though . 
  there are better alternatives . 
  let the single quote remain a fairly static thing : <, 
  sorry , it was a different frisian  .  your keyboard is the same as american layouts :d, 
  i assumed i 'd only see one in this thread . _ . 
  same here . 
  you were using two ' symbols earlier tho . 
  the proper way would be using the '' symbol . 
  most people wo n't notice , but there is a little less space between the two marks using the symbol that shows them both with one button press . 
  plus it makes typing easier . 
  `` these '' quotation marks are used to quote spoken words , denote titles of things like `` harry potter and the philosopher 's stone , '' or talk about a certain word . 
  like if i were to say : the word `` blue '' has four letters . 
  ` these ' quotations are typically apostrophes for showing possession or making a contraction but are also used in place of the double quotation marks within a quote . 
  bob said , '' ` harry potter and the philosopher 's stone ' is my favorite book in the series . '', 
  i think this may be the issue ... 
  well , the other countries are n't united states . 
  they 're separate countries / `` states . '', 
  the name usa implies much more of a federation , which is how the us started out . 
  honestly i think united states of europe would fit perfectly even today * if * the current context of the usa did n't exist . 
  but i do n't think the name use is as catchy as other idea and it 's almost rivaling the united states of america either to be the best united states or to say each united states is equal to the other . 
  it 's fun to be unofficial rivals with you guys , but to codify even an implied dick measuring contest into your name would be kinda awkward . 
  in my head i think of it as one side favors joining and one side favors leaving , even though that does n't really make sense :\\ i do know that the uk has been in the eu for a few decades or something . 
  not a founding member but one of the earlier ones :d, 
  firstly , and most obviously , there 's already a precedent for future change . 
  younger generations support europe right now !, 
  euroskepticism has half the support among 18-24 y.o.s as it does among the 60 + crowd . 
  the 18-24 crowd outright favors joining the eu , and the 25-39 is only split on it , they support it as much as they oppose it . 
  aside from that , it 's a cultural thing . 
  from what i can tell europeans are constantly feeling more connected with each other . 
  that does n't mean you all feel a sense of unity as one people by any means , but you really do seem on your way in the grand scheme of things . 
  give it a full two generations and i bet you 'll all feel mighty chummy . 
  plus , consolidation is going to be the virtue and nature of governance in the coming century i believe . 
  the eu is on its way and will lead the charge , but other trade zones and political unions will follow . 
  it 's probably going to be the natural progression , and i believe it 's the right route for humanity to follow looking hundreds of years into the future . 
  at the moment , not much . 
  but thinking two full generations down the road , you know europe is going to integrate at a continuing pace and at that point economics would largely be the incentive , as it is now to join the eu . 
  there 's currently a very strong precedent that they wo n't , but you do n't really look to precedent as a predictor of changing cultural views . 
  it 's progression 's nature to break precedent . 
  i bet the euroskepticism will dissolve given at max two or three generations . 
  rekt, 
  sarah palin : s, 
  rekt, 
  eh , just because of that ? 
  it 's easier to throw rocks at a house than to repair it from inside . 
  it really bothers me people can be arrested in the uk ( not sure where else in europe ) for racial language alone . 
  speech , expression , and the flow of ideas just seems like one of the most important things to keep the least restricted . 
  legitimately ? 
  where ? 
   the obama team are n't idealist , but they are shrewd realists i dunno ... 
  i think they 're becoming more realistic , but they started as lofty idealists and are still coming back from that . 
  uhh ... correct . 
  thanks lol . 
   the obama team are n't idealist , but they are shrewd realists i dunno ... 
  i think they 're becoming more realistic , but they started as lofty idealists and are still coming back from that . 
  does anyone know anything about this course ? 
  i 've never used coursera , and i do n't know anything about the people who produced it . 
  can anyone say if there might or might not be a slant to it ? 
  it sounds really pro-eu and pro-european unification , not that that 's a bad thing , i just want to get the whole story , pros and cons . 
  this coming from an american who knows the very basics of the eu/ep/euro and european history and culture , but not much more than the average european would know about us :\\ i wan na learn more but i do n't wan na become biased c :, 
  wow , unexpectedly nice response . 
  i guess you really did just want to leave work :p, 
  oh piss off . 
  i 've heard the exact same thing from europeans too . 
  does it need to be said ? 
  no , but it 's not like it 's a horrible or offensive thing to say . 
  just a little unnecessary . 
  and seriously , if this same thing happened in new york or something , do you think it 'd be a big deal in europe ? 
  he 's just wanting to know what happened . 
  domestically , yes i agree to a point . 
  internationally , no . 
  pence would largely continue american foreign policy with whatever small spin he put on it . 
  it might not be the best , but the world will very likely be around to be improved upon in four or eight years . 
  trump could actually cause massive military damage , and more concretely than anything , allow the russian and chinese spheres of influence to balloon in a way that pence just would n't . 
  who knows what future crises would arise after that that we would n't be able to address because america has been edged out . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that america can take whatever beating pence would give us . 
  i do n't want everyone outside the us to take whatever ( likely worse ) beating trump could give them , whether it 's our allies or even more vulnerable places like the middle east . 
  i mean , in a lot of ways , yeah . 
  i still ca n't totally shake my stigma against florida for some reason , but it 's also a wonderful state at the same time . 
  i figure this is a joke ? 
  but it 's being disrespectful regardless . 
  or at least crass . 
  what i 'm describing is also how to prevent it . 
  trump and brexit are the same , and it 's happening a lot of places in the `` first world . '',
