estonia , the czech republic , iceland , bulgaria , latvia , lithuania , russia , ukraine , slovakia , hungary , and macedonia are just a few of the countries that already have a flat tax . 
  those are all countries that have a much lower life expectancy and have more natural resources , which is kind of the point . 
  you can turn it any way you want , but a flat tax would not be sustainable in our economy , unless we make huge sacrifices in other parts of our society . 
  whether it be education , protection , social welfare , healthcare , etc. 
  the reason why we are considered the happiest people on earth is exactly because of those things . 
  they are the result of our culture , a pragmatic culture in which health , intelligence and happiness are considered to be good things . 
  a culture of enlightenment . 
  this is the exact same culture wilders is claiming to want to ` protect ' . 
  which is partly why it 's so very ironic , and hypocritical . 
   everyone benefits equally from the state . 
  so everyone should fund it by the same percent of their income . 
  well , no . 
  those who are rich , are rich because they had the intelligence and opportunity to do so , both of which are the result of good healthcare/education and many potential healthy and intelligent employees and consumers . 
  it goes both ways . 
  the state merely provides a short-cut at achieving these things . 
  it makes sense that the people that have gotten rich because of these things , contribute more to sustain these very same principles . 
  a completely ` fair ' ( libertarian ) society is not the most happy society , it will just be the most efficient . 
  the ultimate goal is utilitarian : achieving maximum happiness for everyone involved in society . 
  which is the reason why people team and work together as a society in the first place . 
  well , morals aside . 
  a flat tax would not be sustainable in our economy , not by far . 
  we would have to get rid of government-funded schools , our current healthcare system , and the middle to lower class would have to start working 80 hours a week . 
  we would not be able to put our elders in homes . 
  we would basically have to go back to our 19th century ways . 
  we would start seeing a great rise in criminality , poverty , homelessness , ignorance , and a backlash to our fundamentalist roots . 
   i do n't use more road than you , do i ? 
  well , i do n't own a car . 
  if you do own a car , then yes , you do use the road more than i do . 
  and that 's why there is a specific tax , that only car-owners pay . 
  using the roads has not much to do with income tax . 
  so i do n't see how that 's related . 
  i like how you cherry pick the parts of wilders you agree with , and then just say ` he 's not perfect ' . 
  i 'm sure you could vote for any party , anywhere , if you pick the things you agree with and ignore the rest . 
  when i say , he proposes a flat tax , i have to add that he proposes that together with a bunch of other things as well . 
  he wants more social security for the elderly and the ` honest working man ' . 
  he wants more police , and wants to introduce a new special police force just to protect animals . 
  these are things that are in direct conflict with a flat tax . 
  and i do n't mean that in a libertarian way , i mean that it is simply impossible . 
  there would simply not be enough money for such things . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  my first thought when reading this was : if we are among the happiest , then the rest of the world sure is miserable . 
  in my opinion , even if you agree with his views on islam and religion , there is no legitimate reason to vote for him . 
  mcdutchie explained it very clearly already so i will not go into it that much . 
  in short : this man , geert wilders , is clearly a man that will do anything to get as much power as possible . 
  his party agenda is full of inconsistencies . 
  he is a ` dictator ' of his party , he plays the role of leader , secretary and chairman at the same time . 
  he plays the media like an instrument , will say anything to get attention , even if it claims the exact opposite of what he said in the media a month before . 
  he claims to be for freedom , but wants to limit freedom , when things are not his way . 
  there are plans in his party agenda that would literally put this country into poverty in an instant . 
  his ` vlaktax ' being one of them , it says that everyone should pay the same amount of tax , no matter how rich you are . 
  almost all european countries are dealing with neo-fascist parties at the moment  it seems to be a reaction party against globalization , fear-mongering media since 9/11 , and the economic crises of the past few years . 
  maybe travel to europe first ? 
  see what places you like . 
  maybe try cheap hotels or try couchsurfing , or a mix of both . 
  as a dutch person , what disturbs me when reading nu.nl is the lack of background information , often crucial to the point of the story , in their articles . 
  that , plus the misinterpretation of scientific articles on the science page . 
  how true is this ? 
  [ guus meeuwis ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8r2vt8em2ac ) [ boudewijn de groot ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vruicxyi_tq ), 
  yay gays !, 
  indeed . 
  when i said ` now ' in my previous post i was referring to the last couple of years , not so much because of your comment  i can now ( wink ) see how that my post be misinterpreted . 
  i now also feel ashamed to be dutch . 
   from my experience western europe is still a very racist society . 
  the `` political correctness '' culture somehow hides this racism from the mainstream but it still exists underneath . 
  interesting , i have come to a similar conclusion . 
  the netherlands is a perfect example . 
  pvv , has gotten up to 15 % of the votes . 
  pvv is against immigration , anti-islam , anti-eu , anti-eastern europe , and it 's leader makes statements such as ` the islam is fighting a spiritual war around the world and it is winning ' . 
  at the end of the 90s , such a thing would be unthinkable . 
  this country that was one of the first to legalize gay marriage , defended women rights , goes easy on soft-drugs , was known as a tolerant country with tolerant people . 
  yet when pvv showed up , a few years later , it got votes in no-time . 
  he 's taking popular items and uses them for his own gain . 
  he has actually used the moroccan 's quite a lot , mostly in debates about islam and street crime . 
  it \u00b4 s not \u00b4 hip \u00b4 to bash on the chinese , indonesians , so he doesn \u00b4 t do it . 
  i 'm unsure about the surinamese . 
  keep in mind that everything this man does and says is part of a marketing plan . 
  he times his actions very well , makes sure there is nothing going on in the media to distract people and does it with regular intervals to keep reminding people he exists . 
  he thrives on conflict and outrage , he has a knack for finding things that make people mad and so he proclaims himself the ` defender of freedom ' because he is not afraid to say those things while other 's supposedly are . 
  this man is a marketing genius . 
  he has managed to get 24 of the 150 seats in parlement . 
  i do n't know what his actual motives are , nobody seems to know . 
  it is simply power ? 
  does he really believe in what he 's doing ? 
  his movie fitna is all about anti-islam hate , everything he stands for regarding immigrants is xenophobic . 
  you say a \u00b4 few \u00b4 , and yet 16 % of the votes went to pvv . 
  i really wish that the people who voted pvv were uninformed people . 
  true . 
  but what happens if we ca n't pay for it ? 
  these things you mentioned : * encourage immigration , have more natalist incentive and find other source of fundings ( stronger inheritance tax comes to mind ) * - are nice , but what if that 's not enough ? 
  morally i agree with you , i \u00b4 m just not sure if we can pay for it . 
  according to [ this article on wikipedia ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/algemene_ouderdomswet#historie ) men now have 4 years more years to live after pension and women have 6 more years since 1956 . 
  with twice as many people over 65 , percentage wise [ source ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/bevolking_van_nederland ) . 
  i do n't really see what is wrong with working longer , to be honest . 
  when retirement age was implemented we died much younger , so it makes sense that when our health improves we adjust the retirement age accordingly . 
  the problem is that wind turbines and solar panels do not provide a constant energy source , which creates a lot of problems . 
  most devices break when the energy source is not constant . 
  i see that france 's politics is very similar to holland 's politics . 
  it makes me sad that there is so much opposition to raising the retirement age from the left spectrum . 
  it seems obvious to me that we are going to need more people that work , because less and less young people are being born and we are putting limits on immigration . 
  what 's funny is that in the 70s , it was actually a right-wing issue to encourage immigration : they wanted more workers , to stimulate the economy .
