yeah , following the dublin regulations and internationally agreed upon laws . 
  such hypocrisy . 
  so you would support austria building a barbed fence at its border with hungary , as demanded by the austrian right-wing ( who will most likely win the next election ) ? 
  if you think that this does n't need an europewide solution , but every country should just deal with this problem by itself , then hungary is doing to right thing for itself . 
  altough the relation with its neighbouring countries seem to get worse ( except slovakia , i guess ) . 
  yes , the fence seems to have made the situation in austria much worse . 
  instead of stopping the migrants , it has just channeled them by diverting them to other routes . 
  i doubt that you can build enough fences to close all migration routes . 
  you ca n't close off the balkan like ceuta and melilla ( and even there some still try to storm the fences ! ) . 
  the eu really has to try to deal with this problem some other way . 
  the article cites orban ... . not austria . 
  all the talk about `` if some do not like the fence , we can let them throught to them '' , are veiled threats ala `` do n't critize how i handle the problem , or i 'll make it yours . '', 
  and thats exactly with what has been happening . 
  ( hungary busing the migrants directly from the croatian border to the austrian . ), 
  austrian newspaper report that austria explicitly asked hungary to follow the rules ( dublin and schengen ) . 
  orban is twisting words as usual . 
  austria never asked hungary to just let the migrants through . 
  the refugees are relocated from italy and greece . 
  those countries need the most help , the only thing is germany and sweden ca n't do it alone . 
  what bullshit is that . 
  the refugees are to be relocated from italy and greece . 
  and no , germany does n't decide who gets who . 
  my dear czech friends . 
  no need to freak out . 
  the sun will rise tomorrow and your beautiful country will still be there . 
  your country is strong enough to take care of a few thousand refugees ... . 
  spiegel.de reports that 15.000 additional field beds were brought to germany from us and canada . 
  thats a start i guess . 
  austria and germany talk to each other and have an agreement . 
  hungary does n't tell austria when and where they will send thousands of people over the border !, 
  he is not wrong . 
  as a peace project the eu is a huge success . 
  outside the eu there is war ( east ukraine , syria , libya ) . 
  next up : strache in austria . 
  next national election would be held in 2018 ( if the current government survives this crisis ) . 
  strache already demanded to follow hungary example and put a barbwire fence on our borders . 
  his lead over all other parties is already around 10 points ... 
  eu should give albania a few hundred million euros to take care of them . 
  yes , he tried his best . 
  he clearly told them to not go that way , because thats the way to austria and they need to go back and register in hungary . 
  unfortunately , the rest of hungarys police officers and soldiers were gone guarding the new fence to serbia and could n't help him ... . 
   you are wrong on that you should not register them , if a refugee somehow manages to get in your country without prior registration . 
  or if 10.000 migrants get brought to the border by hungarian police ? 
  [ picture from today ] ( https://images.derstandard.at/t/lb109/livebericht/2000022399507/2c0ddc9c-2a67-4844-96a8-f6d815a5ebd5.jpg ), 
  this happend today !, 
  almost 10.000 migrants were brought to austria from hungary , organized by hungary and accompanied by the hungarian police ( without informing austria before ) . 
  and i do n't think that they can continue on to germany that easily/quickly ( that border has been closed/controlled for a week now ) . 
  so any statements from hungary about defending the borders of the schengen zone , solidarity and european rules ( dublin rules are still in effect !! ), 
  are quite laughable . 
  both turkey and russia are taking part in the fighting in syria ( and not on the same side ) . 
  both countries ca n't be doing the right thing ( but both can contribute to prolonging the war ) and turkey upholding the border law ? 
  if only 20-35 % of these migrants are syrians , how come all the other ones to greece via turkey ( from iraq , iran , pakistan , etc. . ) . 
  as i understand , today they brought them from the croatian border directly to the austrian border . 
  i would be surprised if hungary managed to register 7.000-10 .000 migrants in a couple of hours . 
  we 'll see about the `` workable '' part . 
  eu troops to run and protect refugee camps in libya ? 
  what stops the migrants from trying to get on another boat to italy ? 
  will they be forced to stay in the camp or do we offer such high incentives ( pay them ? ), 
  that they decide to stay in africa ? 
   sent them straight to hungary . 
  what kind of european solidarity is this and hungary sent them straight to austria . 
  austria would like to send them straight to germany ( but probably has to wait a bit ) . 
  orban , erdogan and putin . 
  r/europe new heroes !, 
  funny , how fast people forget . 
  i 'm really glad that hungary built that fence to protect schengen borders . 
  so how is this fence protecting schengen borders , if hungary sends buses to pick up the migrants at the croatian border ( schengen border ) and transports them to the austrian border ? 
  no , it does n't . 
  it just means that , when you evaluate an asylum request , the total number of requests is not a deciding factor . 
  the most important factor is your country of origin ( if its considered a safe country or not ) and wheter you can prove that you are persecuted ( for some specific reason ) , and that the authorities in your country are unable or unwilling to protect you . 
  so basically even after receiving one million asylum requests germany must also evaluate case 1 million and one . 
  however they could set the standards for approval so high , that 9 out of 10 requests get denied . 
  orban for president of the eastern european union ? 
  that way romania would no longer have to be under merkels thumb !!, 
  poor ganymede . 
  perhaps you should get out more often . 
  it seems your whole worldview was shattered since you joined reddit one month ago . 
  / s ( but your karma ai n't bad ), 
  there are ads from human traffickers on the internet and facebook for a journey to europe . 
  of course they lie to them . 
  fact is most of the `` refugees/migrants '' coming to germany will probably not get asylum at all and/or be deported or asked to leave at some point . 
  this is going to really be messy for germany . 
  germany never made an open invitation to those migrants , they just changed one small part of their policy ( to not send syrians back to hungary and greece ) . 
  and that was a reaction to the 71 dead syrians in an truck in austria and some burning refugee homes . 
  as was the media campaign that followed . 
  all other statements like `` there is no upper legal limit to asylum '' were also misinterpreted on purpose . 
  it means asylum is granted on the validity of the claim and not on numbers of request . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  a refugee ca n't take the money it would cost to house and educate his children ( himself ) in germany and live with it comfortably in poland ... . 
   juncker maintains the line first formulated in 2004 by then-commission chief romano prodi that question has been debated for years . 
  and its a legal view , not a threat . 
  eu membership negotations take years and all other countries must agree , spain would n't . 
  it was downvoted to hell . 
  so i thought perhaps it was offensive to hungarians , to ask if their authorities are incompetent on purpose . 
  migrants in hungary boarded a train believing it will go to austria/germany . 
  instead , hungarian authorities stopped the train near a refugee camp , and asked the people to leave the train . 
  austrian chancellor said that reminded him of the darkest time in europe . 
  this week interpreters on the austrian/hungarian border were instructed to not tell the migrants about the closed borders to germany , and to not tell them that they might not be able to go to germany . 
  wow , quite easy to turn around the meaning of an article , is n't it ? 
  the austrian article on which the hungarian is based , says that hungary bused hundreds ( or even thousands ) of migrants to the austrian border , without previous warning or notice .
