  a refugee who already has relatives in germany ( where he can stay ) is not going to move to slovakia for a 380 $ job/month . 
  the argument here is that jobs are not a finite resource . 
  jobs can be created and the author of the article thinks that immigrants are more likely to do just that . 
  fact is that immigrants often have no chance on a regular jobs market beyond low skilled jobs . 
  immigrants often have no access to high-skilled jobs , because their education gets not recognized , they lack the language skills , etc. . . 
  so out of necessity immigrants open restaurants , grocery shops , small business . . 
  to be fair , hungary and austria are neighbors and share a common history in the habsburg monarchy . 
  in 1956 the people in position of authority still remembered the monarchy , because they grew up in the austro-hungary empire . 
  its a completley different point of view for those who decide on how to react during such a crisis . 
  i 'm certain people in , e.g. 
  czech republic would be more willing to help slovakian refugees , than they are to help syrian ones . 
  most european just not identify with the plight of people from syria or africa , especially as there are many countries closer both geographically and culturally . 
  they just checked if there are any signs of life . 
  after that , a forensic team investigated the truck and surroundings of the crime scene , which is part of a heavily travelled autobahn ( this took several hours ) . 
  the police obvisouly would n't enter the truck and remove the bodies and count them in the middle of the autobahn ( and risk destroying evidence and people filming , fotographing the scene ) . 
  so after the forensic team had finished the outside of the truck , the police brought the truck to a place where the could start investigating the inside ... . . 
  well , according to the news in the us there are mass shootings , cops killing unarmed black kids , donald trump and the nsa . 
  nothing else going on over there . 
  everyone claims asylum in order to prevent deportation . 
  but only certain groups get it granted . 
  the problem is that once a refugee gets officially asylum status , they also ( at least in some countries ) gets certain benefits ( like health care , housing , financial aid , etc. . . ) . 
  and i do n't think that a system were a refugee gets granted asylum status in one country , but can choose where to live and claim benefits will work ... and asylum status does n't equal a work permit , so benefits is often their only legal source of income . 
  there really are no good solutions to this problem . 
  just last week a group of 100 refugees arrived at a train station in vienna from hungary . 
  they wanted to continue to germany and refused help ( food , drink , blankets ) from austrian authorities . 
  yet police could not just let them travel on . 
  they could also not send them back to hungary . 
  so these refugees ended up in austria against their wishes . 
  syrians have a good chance to get asylum , because of the war , but everyone considers pakistani and bangladeshi purely economic migrants , yet they will request asylum here just to prevent deportation . 
  no wonder people get frustrated , when our country has to pay for refugees who do not want to be here in the first place . 
  but it happens more and more . 
  car crashes on the autobahn with vans with dozens of refugees on board on their way to germany are regulary in the news . 
  forcing these migrants to live in certain countries against their will is not going to work either . 
  they will just hop onto the next train or turn to human traffickers and go to their desired destination again . 
  actually , syrian ( and also afghani ) refugees have a good chance to get asylum in europe at the moment . 
  however there are many migrants from other countries who use the same routes to find a way into europe . 
  often with the help of illegal human traffickers . 
  and many of them are purely economic migrants , who when caught request asylum to prevent arrest and immediate deportation . 
  for example , asylum seekers from kosovo and albania are the 2nd and 3rd largest group who go to germany and have almost no chance to get a permission to stay . 
  its a huge mess , especially as many of these syrian and afghani asylum seekers not just want asylum in the first safe country , but they want asylum in the `` right country '' , where they expect to have better economic opportunities for themselves and their families . 
  and asylum seekers , who already are in a safe country and could get asylum there , pay a lot of money to human traffickers to get them to their desired destinations . 
  its no wonder that people start thinking of them as purely economic migrants as well . 
  [ austria ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phhqvubkara ) ( no surprise here ) [ 2nd place ??? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kar%c3%a1nsebes ) , 
  u/countvontroll calculated that it was probably only 4 executives at or near that pay grade . 
  i assume these four executives had the most influence , how the remaining 11 billion euros were to be used to recapitalize greek banks ( 39 billion were already spent by the time varfoukis took over ) . 
  in the big picture , it does n't really matter if their salaries are 11.000 or 18.000 euros ( of a handful of people ) . 
  what matters is how those 11 billion euros are being spent . 
  getting into a fight with the troika about those salaries just seems weird or an intentional provocation . 
  and then trying to pass it of as a `` cost-cutting measure '' is just cynical . 
   i did n't get to choose its ceo and i did n't get to have any impact on the way it ran its affairs vis-\u00e0-vis the greek banks ...  `` i discovered at some point that the law that constituted the efsf allowed me one power , and that was to determine the salary of these people . 
  sounds to me as he tried to influence decision-making in the hfsf ... do you think he would have cut the salary of the ceo of the hfsf , if he could have appointed one of his liking ? 
  was the 40 % cut a general policy in varoufakis ' ministry ? 
  especially the `` i discovered at some point '' ... sounds like he was spending quite some energy on that matter . 
  a few months ago , austrian mp ( one of the most extreme from the fp\u00d6 ) susanne winter , sent a parlamentary inquiry to austrian defence minster : `` is the austrian military sufficiently prepared for an attack by the eu-army ? '', 
  [ source in german ] ( http://www.parlament.gv.at/pakt/vhg/xxv/j/j_04245/imfname_391003.pdf ), 
  ok , this is just one worst case scenario : greece will need a lot of money to recapitalize the banks . 
  and once the banks and the stock exchange open again , most of that capital will leave the country within days . 
  they will also need money to pay outstanding debt , which can not be forgiven by the eu ( to private companies , e.g. ) . 
  greece might even have to nationalize banks and other companies and take on their obligations as well . 
  this means more unemployment , worse economic outlook ... there wo n't be a primary budget surplus for long , especially as i can not imagine that greece is currently collecting much taxes . 
  well the last few days the huffington post suggested that merkel , queen of europe could just forgive the debt with a handwave . 
  and syriza continues playing games with the creditors . 
  varoufakis resignation was probably planned for some time , as he had to resign anyway after his failure to negotiate a deal with the eurogroup . 
  so no surprise he burned some bridges by accusing the troika of terrorism and scaremongering , making his successor look more reasonable and cooperative . 
  we 'll see if the creditors are more willing to talk about a new deal now , or if the see through the theatre and are completely fed up . 
  yeah , those evil germans with their scaremongering ... . 
  the other countries ( or `` institutions '' ) sent representatives to negotiate a deal . 
  syriza sent varoufakis to debate economics and try to change their ideology . 
  no wonder negotiations failed . 
  its all nonsense . 
  german television was parading around `` one of tsipras closest advisers '' to represent the greek position in several tv debates . 
  it turned out to be a simple syriza employee . 
  so how can the guy in this article be `` one of europe 's most influential politicians '' , when he has asked for anonymity in the article , because he is too afraid of the personal consequences and political backlash for making such a statement . 
  yes , lets be democratic . 
  after greek has had its referendum about the troika offer , the people of the other 18 countries in the eurozone should also vote on it . 
  of course if just one country votes `` no '' then there will be no deal . 
  or we could just let our elected representatives and parliaments decide ... . 
  as i understand the timetable ( and reason for the `` ultimatum '' ) was suppossed to be something like this : sat , 27.06 - agreement between troika and greece sun , 28.06 - eurozone countries ( incl . 
  greece ) prepare legislation to extend the `` bail-out program '' . 
  mon , 29.06 - national parlaments of eurozone pass legizlation to extend program , greece pass legislation of reforms according to agreement . 
  tue , 30.06 - greece receives funds , which they need to repay iwf loan ( due on tuesday ) . 
  but tsipras announced the referendum saturday night , because there was no agreement . 
  it was an ongoing negotiation . 
  the eu even said that the final offer ( which was published ) was not formalized , because greece had walked away from the table . 
  there are probably many different drafts floating around . 
  `` niemand hat die absicht eine mauer zu errichten '' `` no one intends to build a wall . '', 
  ( head of east germany two month before the berlin wall was built . ), 
  china certainly is interested in investing in greece , as long as greece is a member of the eurozone and can be used as a hub for the rest of europe . 
  greece out of the eurozone ( or even eu ) is much less attractive . 
   germany 's affluence today is greatly due to the fact that greece and other countries accepted to defer payment of reparations , and to give the opportunity to the germans that committed the crimes to rebuilt and build a better future for their children , while the greeks had to build on the ruins left behind by the german war machinery after a brutal and completely unprovoked war ... . 
  the author might have missed a few decades of history . 
  which is probably the most problematic age for boys when they ca n't get girlfriends . 
  there is going to be lots of frustration , and the `` losers '' ( who ca n't get girlfriends , and perhaps no job they like ) are going to be easy targets for radicalization . 
  this article really reads like satire . 
  sounds like an interesting exhibition , but that headline is typical click-bait . 
  the narrative of austria as first victim of the nazis was pushed by the allies in the moscow declaration in 1943 , and intended to avoid another `` anschluss '' with germany , as was austrias `` perpetual neutrality '' . 
  and i think the view of austria denying its collaboration with the third reich has been challenged since the 1980 's ... 
  czechs prefer [ tunnels ... . ] ( http://www.weirdthingsinprague.com/2014/04/czech-tunnel-mediterranean-sea/ ), 
  it makes perfect economic sense .
