  the refugees were in bad condition ( the sick were brought to hospitals , and one women suffered a miscarriage ) . 
  this was around the same time germany had closed its borders ( which the migrants/refugees did n't know yet ) . 
  even austrian authorities did n't know at the time , if and when they can go to germany . 
  it 's true , however , that the migrants were only informed about shelters in graz and not the closed border to germany , to avoid escalation of the situation . 
  considering this happened at the austrian/hungarian border near heiligenkreuz means that graz is the closest city ( and not even further from germany !!, 
  money would be better spent on refugees , right ? 
  from now on you will have to take 1 refugee for every $ 100.000 from the eu funds . 
  / s seriously a quick calculation : 174 billion in 7 years means 25 billion a year divided by 100.000 ... ... . .250.000 refugees/migrants a year for eastern europe ( with a population of 105 million ) . 
  germany is willing to take 500.000-800 .000 refugees/migrants ( with a population of 80 million ) . 
  austria 80.000 ( pop . 
  8 million ) sounds like a fair deal . 
  so what is the new hungarian asylum process ? 
  they check if serbia is at war and if the answer is `` no '' hungary rejects asylum on the grounds that the asylum applicant came from a safe country ? 
  really ?? 
  comparing refugees with barrel of toxic waste . 
  awww , poor guy . 
  first his bag gets stolen in hungary and now the same thing happens to him in germany again ... ... / s, 
  there were suppossedly 60.000 people in r\u00f6szke camp . 
  orban shipped them all to the austrian border ? 
  greece debt crisis and migration crisis have two complete different causes . 
  they wo n't . 
  austrian chancellor would never do that , even though his party will have to pay a high price in the upcoming regional elections . 
  worst part is the schadenfreude so many eastern eu countries have towards austria and germany in this situation . 
  huh ? 
  i actually think eu should help greece in this situation , i 'm sorry if thats not clear from the above comment . 
  anyway , are we still blaming the banking shutdown ( due to the greek referendum ) on germany ? 
  i thought tsipras called the referendum to get a better deal and then ended up accepting a worse one . 
  there seems a lot of backfiring on european politics these days . 
  germany wanted to help hungary ( by not sending syrians back there ) and ended up the bad guy ( because media spun it as if germany invited in all migrants , therefore increasing migration ) . 
  the last time austria elected a right wing government eu sanctioned us and suspended all bilateral relations . 
  rest of europe obviously wo n't take any of the refugees/migrants ( only germany until today ) . 
  deporting them to unsafe countries is against international law , and still more will come everyday , so ... you are pretty much right . 
  perhaps . 
  or they will try to take boats to italy . 
  idk . 
  as long as they are willing to pay thousands of euros to get into eu , they will find someone to smuggel them in . 
  its not really a choice for austria , is it ? 
  that article also talks about refugees , not immigrants . 
  anyway the right word would be `` asylum seeker '' . 
  if they receive asylum they are officially refugees , if asylum is denied they will be deported ( or more likely become illegal immigrants ) . 
  greece will have a problem closing hundreds of islands . 
  it 's just the complete inadequate dealing with the whole situation . 
  why is n't there a syrian exile government supported by the eu ? 
  why are there no camps managed by eu , but each state has to deal with it themselves ? 
  why the hell is turkey fighting against kurds in syria ? 
  not to speak about the situation in libya ... there will be many more coming , if eu ( and us ) do n't deal with those issues . 
  yeah , faymann thinks one can follow european law ( dublin rules ) and treat the refugees well , at the same time . 
  what a fool !, 
  no doubt that orban is a more shrewd politician than faymann . 
  just waiting for an excuse to empty the camps and send all the refugees on to austria ... . / s, 
  you think czech republic will profit from closed borders with germany and austria ? 
  perhaps closed borders to poland as well , if poland stays in eu , but czech republic leaves ? 
  today 10.000 migrants arrived at the austrian border via special trains from hungary . 
  austria expected to send them all on to germany , but seem like they have to stay here . 
  looks like austria gets screwed from both sides . 
  ( austria expected 80.000 migrants the whole year !!! ), 
  last few weeks on r/europe i learned a few things . 
  asking for help/solidarity or even an eu wide solution is wrong . 
  never offer help , because it will be abused . 
  just declare thats not your problem , but some elses !, 
  send them back to hungary ? 
  after all thats what orban wants ( enforcement of dublin rules ), 
  apparently austria only belongs in the eu if we pay up , shut up and elect the right ( eu approved ) government . 
  everything else is unacceptable ( or gets sanctioned ) . 
  i do n't think the swiss would like to integrate into germany !, 
  i agree , when i first heard the statement that germany will no longer enforce dublin rules for syrians and not send them back to hungary , i took it as a statement to help out hungary to deal with the crisis . 
  it was n't even a statement by merkel , just a tweet by the federal office of migration . 
  the media spread the story as `` germany invites syrians '' , and a few days later we saw pictures of iraqis ? 
  waving merkel posters . 
  complete misrepresentation of a complex topic ( usually in one misleading headline ) . 
  and hungary blames germany , as if the crisis started with that tweet , although the crisis was getting worse every day for weeks ( car crashes with vans full of smuggled migrants in austria were a daily occurence and after the 71 dead refugees in the back of such a truck , politicians were forced to openly adress the issue ! ), 
  i would translate `` wertlos '' as `` worthless '' and `` wertelos '' as `` without virtues '' or `` without values '' . 
  have an upvote . 
  since the end of the ww2 austria has had several refugees crisis , totalling two million refugees ( austria has a population of 8 million today ) . 
  its estimated that 700.000 stayed in austria , while the rest left . 
  1956 - 180.000 hungarians ( 20.000 austrians still lived in refugee camps from ww2 ) 1968 - 162.000 czechs and slovakians ( only 2.000 stayed ) in the 1970s austria took a few thousand non-europeans according to internationally agreed quotas ( viatnamnese , kurds , chilenese , . . ) 1980/81 - 33.000 poles ( 90 % left again ) 1990s - 90.000 from bosnia ( 60.000 stayed ) recently - immigration due to eu enlargement every time people feared that it will harm austria , but it never did . 
  we are doing fine . 
  so when the polish pm says that poland ca n't take more than 2.000 refugees ( over the next 2 years ) , because it will destabilize economic and social security in poland , its hard to understand . 
  if she had kept her mouth shut , the migrants would have just turned around and left ? 
  ignoring a problem , is n't a solution . 
  by the way , germany just said they would n't send syrians back to hungary , but process their asylum applications themselves . 
  nothing else . 
  the same rules for getting asylum are valid like before . 
  maybe , but in the end a big number of migrants will come anyway . 
  i think it is better to have them registered and in the legal system than not registered at all ( and stay in europe completely illegally until arrested for a crime ; the cost to put them in prisons will probably be even higher for our countries ) . 
  the problem is someone has to take care of the migrants already in europe , as well . 
  ignoring them will make things worse and lead to unrest and crime waves , sending them back can only be done in an orderly fashion . 
  you first have to register them , process their asylum requests , take care of them for years ... and then there will still be lot of ( legal ) problems and procedures ... . i prefer that these migrants are at least in the legal system , then hundreds of thousands of illegals . 
  this will certainly put an end to the migration crisis . 
  i 'm sure millions of refugees will now patiently wait in some shitty camp for the uk to come and rescue them with in the next 4-5 years . 
  and the migrants from the 20 + other countries will stop coming as well . 
  / s there really is no solution for this crisis , is there ? 
  you think airlifting some refugees from syria , will stop the rest from trying to get to europe by themselves ? 
  what european unity ? 
  uk declared that greek economic crisis and migration crisis is none of their business . 
  basically let germany and merkel take charge . 
  uk sidelined itself , and cameron threatens to leave eu in 2017 . 
  if the uk does n't take part in european policy making anyway , they will not be in a good negotation position . 
  especially if the other 27 countries on the negotation table wo n't believe that the uk negotiate for a better eu at whole , but just for more opt-outs and exceptions for themselves . 
   shoudnt we take the poor ones first ?
