  it 's not about `` taking '' refugees or choosing how many or which ones ( rich or poor , christian or muslims ) you prefer to have . 
  asylum is not a choice , but international law . 
  if they apply for asylum , you have the obligation to check their case and decide wheter they qualify or not . 
  that should be respected by every country in the world ( the conditions on who qualifies will of course vary between countries , so many countries can basically set the barrier so high , that no one qualifies ) . 
  in the past you were able to apply for asylum in any austrian embassy . 
  now you have to do it in austria yourself . 
  so in that sense asylum is not an aid program to help people in war areas , its a just a process to decide the legal status of people who already are in your country ( refugee who can stay or illegal immigrant who must leave ) . 
  if you want to help poor syrians who are still in syria , another form of aid is necessary . 
  i think the uk has agreed to do something like that . 
  those who make it to hungary have already spent thousands of dollars for their journey . 
  so , no surprise they also have smartphones . 
  yes , there will be many unwilling to go back . 
  but there could be other ways to convince them . 
  for example , austria/germany could stop all programs designed to allow the rest of the family to join their relatives here . 
  this would stop the practice to send just the young men to europe in the hope the rest of the family can follow later . 
  if the family has to remain abroad , they might be more willing to go back to them ( at some point ) . 
  there really is no good alternative . 
  you ca n't hinder them peacefully ( hungary tried ) , and no one is willing to use force to stop these refugees . 
  so they will be brought where they want to go . 
  their asylum application will be processed there and then the authorities will decide , wheter they can stay or must leave . 
  germany already deported 10,000 this year . 
  its a small number ( 10,000 are expected to arrive in austria just this weekend ) . 
  its going to be a huge problem once germany decide that syria is safe to return . 
  millions will have to be deported . 
  and many of them will already have children , who speak german by then . 
  so there will have to be programs to allow some of them to stay . 
  about dictating energy policy . 
   as part of the agreement , the british government would guarantee an elevated 35-year fixed electricity rate to edf , the french energy group , which would be in charge of the building the ( nuclear power ) plant . 
  i see nothing wrong to check if such state subsidies are against rules of a common ( energy ) market or not . 
  eu commission decided in uks favor , so that issue seems to be settled anyway . 
  austria talks about european solidarity , because small countries like malta , greece , hungary or austria can not solve the current crisis by themselves . 
  if they enforce european law they get called fascist , if they let the refugees pass through , they get criticized for it as well . 
  so they turn to the european union for help , demanding a common european strategy and response to such a crisis . 
  but if you think the eu should cut funding to austria , because we do n't spend money on casting ethopian girlbands or finance a program to reduce `` greenhouse gas emissions from cattle ranching '' in colombia , then fine . 
  there is nothing wrong in being proud in ones countries contributions to the world . 
  i guess austria has different priorities ( thousands of refugees/migrants will arrive at our border this weekend , so we will see if austria decides to break eu law or enforce it ) . 
  by the way , i understood the article above as criticism and not praise of the foreign aid policy in the uk . 
  `` aid to poor countries in sub-sahara gets reduced , while middle income states like china and mexico enjoy increases , often in form of soft loans . '', 
  still , its a fucked up situation . 
  they considered it too complicated to send $ 14,000 to turkey via western union , so their relatives encouraged them to illegally enter greece/europe on a tiny boat ? 
  or did i misunderstand something ? 
  in austria 71 people were found dead , because in hungary they got into a refigeration truck without vent . 
  a few days later police rescued children in critical condition from another truck , and a few hours later the parents fled with them from the hospital . 
  just two days ago they found 24 teenagers in life danger in a truck , which was welded ( ! ), 
  shut ( and again no air vent ) . 
  refugees risking their life by entering eurotunnel in calais ... 
  they all were in safe countries they had already escaped war . 
  it 's just insane . 
  [ austrian newspaper ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000021684086/fluechtlinge-verweigern-transport-in-ungarisches-lager ), 
  if david cameron is part of the `` in '' camp he should tell the rest of europe that , we did n't notice . 
  the uk is n't part of schengen and the economic and monetary union . 
  the uk has opt-outs from the charter of fundamental rights and the area of freedom , security and justice . 
  and a rebate for their contributions to the eu budget , as well . 
  i think , the negotiations should not be about more exceptions and rebates for the uk , but on the relationship after leaving . 
  then the british people could vote fairly , if they want to stay ( and accept a union with rest of europe ) or leave . 
  it would also be the only sensible way , considering the question is `` should uk remain in the european union or leave . '', 
  it would be unfair if the voters only know what happens with one of the possible answers , and face uncertainty with the other . 
  as you said , the border control in eastern germany was more about keeping people inside than stopping them from entering . 
  and a land border ( controlled from both sides ) is a bit easier to manage than the mediterranen sea . 
  so , if the eu would pay $ 600 / month bulgaria would accept refugees ? 
  austria currently pays 19 euros a day per refugee . 
  the refugee gets $ 5,50 / day for food , clothes , etc. . . the rest goes to the caregiver ( can be a ngo or private landlord ) . 
  lets say there would be a similiar eu wide offer . 
  for one million refugees that would be 600m / $ month . 
  $ 7,2 billion euros a year . 
  i do n't think it would be impossible to fund such a program with the help of the eu ( and germany ) . 
  i think there would be landlords in eastern europe willing to take in refugees for 13 euros/day . 
  yes , with negotiations !, 
  syria-turkey-greece-macedonia-serbia-hungary-austria - ... ( balkan migration route ) neither the mediterranen sea , nor barbed wire fences could stop it . 
  schengen really does n't have much to do with the current migration crisis , considering that only the border between hungary-austria is schengen . 
  however if you look on foreign policy , i would say the uk has a greater responsiblity for the current situation in north africa and the middle east than hungary , greece or austria . 
  the uk is even a permanent member of the un security council . 
  to pretend that these refugees are none of the uks business is really bold , and shows an absolute lack of solidarity with the rest of europe . 
  quick calculation : this means an average of $ 600-625 / month per refugee ( migrant ) from the labour ministry ` s budget for benefits . 
  i assume that only applies after someone has received official asylum status . 
  it would also mean that only half or less of the refugees applying for asylum will receive it . 
  or worst case scenario : some of it will be sent to their countries of origin . 
  and used to pay human traffickers to get their relatives to europe as well . 
  however , most migrants will need other sources of income to afford that . 
  you still took the numbers from australia and not austria ... . anyway , austria is expected to receive 80.000 refugees in 2015 and lithuana recently said it can accept 250 . 
  source for your numbers ? 
  they do n't look right . 
  ( gdp/capita in austria is around $ 45.000 , in lithuania $ 26.000 - cost of living in austria is also much higher than in lithuania ) . 
  your are right , they moment they apply for asylum they are protected and in a legal process until a decision is made . 
  however , the discussion was wheter they are refugees or illegal economic migrants and thats not so easy to say , considering they did n't apply for asylum in austria , but fled from the hospital . 
   there is no such thing as `` illegal imigrants '' hang on . 
  you are probably mixing up immigration and asylum . 
  lets assume they used the balkan route . 
  that means they entered greece illegaly and requested no asylum ( or else they would still be there ) . 
  then they entered macedonia and requested no asylum . 
  their next stops most likely were serbia , hungary and austria . 
  they entered those countries illegally without applying for asylum . 
  only if they get caught by police or make it to germany will they finally request asylum on the grounds that they are persecuted and fleeing from war . 
  even if they are caught by police in hungary or austria many refuse to cooperate and only apply for asylum as a last option to avoid arrest and/or deportation . 
  and thats what makes many people angry and feel like the asylum system is being abused . 
  and this case , fleeing from a hospital in austria with your critically ill children , really highlights this problem . 
  it shows that they are not ( just ) looking for safety , but for economic opportunities . 
  even more so , as some of these migrants in the article came from as far away as bangladesh ( chance for asylum in germany is very low for people from bangladesh , so they might not even plan to apply for it ), 
  you define racism as the limits of solidarity ? 
  that 's true .
