  ye you see i live in poland , me being a white `` christian '' still have to put up with dirty looks , shoulder bumps and the very rare `` go home poland not for you '' . 
  and the only thing that distinguish me from a polish is my hair color and awesome beard . 
  i can only imagine my quality of live if i had dark skin or was a muslim . 
  dont get me wrong , not all polish are like this ( otherwise i woundnt be living in poland ) , but there is a segment of the population that is , and this segment is not that small . 
  also i can use words like racism , fascism and xenophobia because i am a anonymous internet user , holland can not . 
  fascism if forbidden in my country , it may make portugal less of a democracy but i am totally fine with it . 
  you dont get to keep the cake and eat it , eu is based on principles , member states are not allowed to discriminate people ( eu citizens or not ) with bases on religion or race . 
  if a country wants to do it , then leave the union , i am sure euroasia will take you on board . 
  mmm ... so quiet over here . 
  i realize that . 
  but the point is if every country took an manageable amount the problem would be far easier to solve . 
  helping only greece would to a certain point be contra productive , the biggest share will come from greece but also from hungary , sweden , germany and italy . 
  oh i think we did enough already to spread portugal name on those regions . 
  but i am quite sure refugees now can not pick what country they want to live in ( as it should be ) . 
  well we accepted 4000 refugees , now including university spots we volunteer to take close to 10000 . 
  until today 40 or 50 arrived , when question government says the eu bureaucratic process is to be blamed for their slow arrival . 
  my point being not every member state is being selfish . 
  the highest quality of live and the highest live spawn are in europe . 
  who cares how high gdp is if it 's not redistributed . 
  they are failing for different reasons ... you and half of this sub agree with them on emigration control so you close your eye 's to everything else . 
  it 's his fault for jumping on the ukip wagon instead of fighting their arguments with facts . 
  spineless pig fucker . 
  when i look at my national and europe history uk always played as a balancing force , they contributed to what europe is now has much as any other `` continental '' country , but if politician 's like cameron and farage its what uk brings to the table they may as well get up and leave . 
  you go guys !, 
  now no unfair fiscal benefits for corporations plz . 
  lol the prime minister you re elected is one of the biggest supporters . 
  nah men we should n't have to let go one of our civilization achievements so we can have a reasonable economical policy . 
  next time eu parliament and commission elections vote the ones that are there out of a job if you wan na see a change . 
  you and me on the eyes of many people in power ( both in eu parliament and commission ) are considered second rate eu citizens , i agree with you . 
  but we are talking about poland , they are not part of the euro , by not joining the monetary union they escaped a lot of what is rotten with eu . 
  the country is doing well inside the union , what pis does not like about europe its our ideals , they are religious conservatives ... 
  leftover sandwiches are still food , better take it than go hungry . 
  sure men do n't . 
  i only care about what uk does because we are in union together and what your government pushes will impact me . 
  quality of life . 
  haha the type of economical growth aid eu members give to greece are refugee camps . 
  your comment is priceless . 
  what ? 
  hurdles during talks to form coalition government , unheard off . 
  i feel unstable about the future already . 
  lol , what exactly there is in russia to love ? 
  ye you can see how the british and american 's citizens are benefitting from their political believes . 
  do n't worry there are plenty of conservative countries that actually want to be involved in shaping the eu . 
  nah anti immigrants supporters would never sink that low . 
  new actions cause new reactions . 
  but ye men we are the ones picking on the new government . 
  law and justice the party of the political incorrect . 
  taking in account the pound is higher than the euro i can go to amozon.uk and with ports included buy a book for cheaper that here in portugal . 
  maybe the book prices are not the problem . 
  our ex prime minister used that expression alot to defend austerity measures . 
  it didnt worm out so well over here . 
  wont see anything i dont find here , but in a larger proportion . 
  thats besides the point , i suport his european policicy . 
  he may be a bully but it is one pushing for economical growth , employment and stronger common fiscal policies . 
  i would say i cant believe this is the top comment , but sadly i was expecting something like it . 
  yes i used the believe the same , but thats because it was truth some years ago , the influence of the peoples party has been felt rather heavily this past years . 
  `` it is reasonable to expect that lower social standards would be exported from the u.s. to europe . 
  according to the study , the u.s. would be the principal beneficiary of the ttip . '', 
  rather trade with russia . 
  its not that i want it , is more like i dont notice so i dont care . 
  will they ? 
  you must be kiding me , muslims are the most discuss topic on media right now . 
  and even when they are not being discussed is very likely people like you will bring them up . 
  jesus how can you be so fucking blind . 
  spain can we invade them and steal all their moneys ? 
  there are reasons to be worried with a small number of countries . 
  germany is not one of them . 
  is a bad one men . 
  poor but happy . 
  but it can introduce a minimum salary as it did . 
  europe had to pressure germany to raise wages , using budget surplus to increase peoples income so they import more and reduce germany trade surplus was the plan . 
  meeting in a castle ? 
  is it me or does anyone else smells dilusion of power . 
  cool castle btw : http://www.dronestagr.am/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/niedzica.jpg, 
  all of sudden ? 
  somewhere in the world right now some one is predicting eu death . 
  great city . 
  if anyone has a chance to work or study there go ahead wroclaw provides a great quality of live . 
  eurogroup is not very democratic . 
  the fact the reunion were not recorded in any way really bothers me . 
  number 2 is a good measure , 1 i consider populist . 
  the best thing poland can do to defend itself from russia is not more 50 k soldiers but stepping up the eu lobbying against russia . 
  we just sold a small bank for 150 m to santander in a couple weeks time , investing 2.2 bilions of public money to make the bank viable . 
  this deal was done in a rush to avoid new eu regulation that would impose a similar deal to what cyprus was forced to undertake . 
  what good have they done ? 
  and yet the point of the finish army is just to delay until foriegn help comes . 
  fools . 
  actually they shoud lead the transition and is what happens in most countries going green . 
  this is the most idiotic thing i read today . 
  or maybe is the rataliation that russia warned it would happen if ukraine signed trade agrement with eu, 
  a bit . 
  lol . 
  taking in account europe has what 400/500 m people living in it , i am pretty sure it will look the same . 
  sure , they will just turn back and walk home . 
  i though greece was the cause of all crisis . 
  its a common market , same regulation must apply everywhere or it hurts competition . 
  this progress is an incremental one . 
  uk should leave because the same problem will show up again in the future . 
   paying their debt in a sustainable way you mean managing the debt in sustainable way . 
  `` they wanted to know if there were refugees and were talking about them very negatively , that they are murderers , rapists , '' an employee from a boarding house in kremnica told denn\u00edk n. '' lol .
