  its 2015 if you want a strong wall you need something better than brics . 
  you can add the 25 % already living under poberty in portugal . 
  our poberty levels since 2009 went back to 80 's . 
  you dont get how tolerance works , you give some and then you recive some back . 
  those militaria stores in poland are selling real guns ? 
  does the czech state has an official religion ? 
   this is so true , every opinion poll done in europe shows that almost all european countries feel like they do , where you got that from ? 
  well i think a massive dose of austerity concentrated in 4 years should fix it . 
  how times change , ukip is now considered a mild party . 
   poverty and homelessness are extremely high . 
  oh japan is pretty rich , what you mencioned is the result of the conservative government . 
  we need to stick together half of europe is really crazy . 
  a gay refuguee would face threats in many of our member states . 
  what pegida radicalised ? 
  no way . 
  no money was given to us . 
  very heroic stuff no doubt . 
  since when `` leftists '' oppose nato ? 
  it was a douch move to say the least , but it did cause the end of our last king and it was not the reason we lost the overseas territories . 
  for portugal it worked well until we joined the euro . 
  good post . 
  i speak portuguese and english fluently , spanish at b1/b2 level . 
  hei maybe you dont know , but you can find left from pro europe open market to against nato , eu isolationists , furthermore global trade agreements are mostly pushed by right wing . 
  i met a few mostly turkish woman though . 
  competency is irrelevant as long as he is german . 
  i allways saw then as center right and socialist parties as center left . 
  i think most people dont realize that fact , and as consequence they dont appreciate what we have in europe, 
  all countries pick and choose what parts of their religion they wish to follow . 
  bit hypocritic but then again we are speaking of religion . 
  such an ignorant comment , reminds me of '' look the refugees have smartphones indignation '' . 
  law is not suppose to care about election dates . 
  you cant swap a damage bill in your central bank . 
  love this guy . 
  well i get your point , but there is a reason why the reader automatically assumes the paper was shut down by the government with this title ... 
  same title for other country this would not be implied . 
  hope they get caught . 
  agree . 
  this . 
  time for eu to regulate this shit asap . 
  its same thing in portugal , you want a coffee you drink an espresso . 
  no giant water down coffee for us . 
  stop making up lies , not everyone on europe restricts there decision 's to the quota deal . 
  pretty good . 
  not as bias as pt like to think . 
  go read the conclusions of the investigation , accusing a hand full of people ody rape , including some german nationals can hardly be defined as the rape of cologne . 
  hun no , only if you mean helping then will in turn hurt us . 
  witch is a point made by people that look at then as a mob that shares a set of negative characteristics instead of realising they are all individual 's that will act in different ways . 
  the probability of one individual being a terrorist does not justify denying help to everyone else . 
  how weak is your culture that can not stand a less then 1 % population variation . 
  countries that were previously against the quotas are still against them . 
  great piece of news no doubt . 
  interesting perspectives . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  my guess would be france . 
  some services are not meant to be profit blue or they are key tools in macroeconomic policies and should be state owned . 
  also selling public assets for a price bellow their value when the income it represents wont even make a dent on annual interests and debt management cost is a bad idea . 
  that is the mainly thing orban wants to see on headlines . 
  your are delusional , they will find the help that the italian state provides to their citizens based on their income level and accumulated health . 
  well ecb policy is definitely helping portugal . 
  media is making to much of a fuss about german politician 's complaints , they are not likely to change anything and likely they are just noise targeted at voters witch savings became less profitable . 
  eu has 500m citizens , in 2013 syria had 23m citizens , it gives 4.6 % . 
  yes different nationalities are arriving but i doubt many of them will be allowed to stay . 
  oh pls we could take in the entire syrian population and they would represent arround 4 % of the population, 
  wow , its like that cover was made to trigger this sub . 
  try an spd and green coalition , when was the last time spd actually behaved as a left wing party . 
  yes to all 3 of them , they were based in some truth , when you open your doors to millions of people some will commite crime but you can not convict people for crimes before they make them . 
   they still try to ban the product/project . 
  turns out that the product/project they 're banning is done by or used exclusively by a `` foreign company , and banning it is done to favour domestic companies , sometimes even companies the political party receives a lot of donations from '' ye this is not how it goes , first because such measures are forbidden by eu competition law and companies can appeal to eu courts , second because in most eu countries companies can not subsidy political parties ... oh and you can stop with that `` evil companies '' shit , companies have no moral grounds and this is precisely why they should be kept in a short leash . 
  this is the reason most people are against this deal , being against ceta does not make you a corporations hater . 
   they bring crime and unemployment , homophobia and misogyny . 
  lol this is pretty much what was told before eu expanded east . 
  x d, 
  those it really matter ? 
  the elections could have been 100 % legitimate and the opposition still would not have won or made any significant progress , after a decade of state run media while simultaneously demonizing any source of information that is not heavily controlled by the government , a decade of political intimidation including assassinations . 
  christ why all the world powers need to be so fuck up . 
  i liked their ukrainian war video coverage . 
  how so ? 
  \u017durek indeed is the best . 
  maybe go check what syria and libya looked like before the bush administration and then speak . 
  secular countries dont look at religion when deciding who to help . 
  why spd ? 
  serra da estrela : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estrela_mountain_dog this one will fight off an wolf . 
  oh i recommend going to a crisis great depression style , that will fix it , even if does not it may give the population a better perceptive on what are the important issues to focus on . 
  talking about north africans ? 
  we had our fair share in early 2000s did n't see us making a fuss about it . 
  i can tell you in this south corner we are feeling pretty safe . 
  because institutional investors make their decisions based on a few organizations reports . 
  he just means no bank or debt union . 
  what other eu integration is being discussed besides this ? 
  if you think russia is a safer country to live then germany you are delusional . 
  you have the cristian democrats if you do n't mind their conservative attitude . 
  people that complain eu is neither democratic or transparent , and every time they come across with it they down vote it . 
  your population is quite smaller then the countries you mentioned , why the hell would you guys get more voting power ? 
  how much more does the opinion of a rich eu citizen is worth in comparison to a poor eu citizen ? 
  sure you are happy its not your country watering down democratic institutions , you just happen to agree with their migrant policies and close an eye to everything else . 
  i shared it mostly because of his final statement , he is kinda of right eu would most likely force hungary to rollback some reforms orban did since he is in power and condemn some of his statement 's much more harshly then now . 
  haha thanks for sharing never saw it . 
  this will get so downvoted . 
  maybe if more redditors add more ads like this on their tvs they would be better people . 
  `` summer is over .
