sorry with all the euroscepticism arround based on false ideas i got a litle defensive . 
  no country `` gives '' money . 
  countries pay their member fees . 
   just turns all my expectations upside dow at leat in portugal and italy black people are a big part of the community , in most east europe they are quite rare , and that was something that i found weird in the beginning when i went to work in poland . 
  government is doing what the european council wanted ( and a weak european comission allowed ) . 
  if france gets a new deal without penalties as a portuguese i will be revolted and my pro europe feeling will dwindle . 
  one more pro europe country loosing faith . 
  the same expression is applied to england concerning eu . 
  portuguese carlos moedas was nominated the head of research , science & inovation , we were expecting a position related to employment , but with a new budget of 80 000 million euros the goverment is happy with the nomination . 
  carlos moedas was a secretary of state that acted as a liaison between the goverment and the fmi , he is an enginner ( beja instituto superior t\u00e9cnico , paris ecole nationale des ponts et chauss\u00e9es ) and an economist ( master in business administratio harvard business school e.u.a. ), 
   online , print your boarding pass before you go to the airport and you 'll be fine . 
  to be fair they are fairly easy instructions that follow the industry norm . 
  made me laugh , good job . 
  go europe . 
  i think that the people from nordic countries , netherlands and england are snobs and just has easily fooled by their politics ( and therefore stupid ) has any portuguese from a small village with the 4th grade of education . 
  oh and the level of racism on eastern europe is a litle bit to much for 2014 . 
  i also would like to see and european federation but i dont know if i would support the downgrade from country to state . 
  ye sometimes i think galicia has more in common with portugal than spain . 
  i get what you are saying but you are generalizing to much . 
  alot of eu countries have a nice mix of moderate capitalism / socialism that works . 
  i think it is the best model for a country that wants to provide a good quality of live for its citizens . 
  volkswagen , cheap and reliable , dont care about spare parts price because they rarely have problems . 
  i shared house with germans on two occasions , they are a good people , but i get what you mean . 
  speak for yourself and your country, 
  if i had the capital i would probably invest in poland , but maybe not the eastern part . 
  well , i had many reasons , moving to another country allays requires an initial investment , for cities like london is more than i can afford while in poland is quite cheap . 
  and there are many things i like poland that made pick this country . 
  there are alot of foreigners not only in warsaw but also in wroclaw , sopot and gdynia ( cities i lived in and saw this for myself ) . 
  now to answer your question poland , did n't stop growing during the crisis , it is establishing a middle class very quickly , implementing reforms that make foreign investment more easy , it has low salaries and access to qualified workers ( no borders means a company can import workers from other counties very easily ) . 
  all this reasons and more make poland attractive to allot of international companies . 
  i work at thomson reuters , the last person doing my job was was situated in usa , i am academically more qualified to do the same job and they pay me 1/5 of what they had to pay in usa , so i believe that for the next years you will keep seeing new international companies offices popping up on various polish cities . 
  i emigrated from portugal to poland , it took me litle more than a month to find i job , i used alot of different sites and eures was the most useless one . 
  i think euro-idealism , that after years of harsh economic reforms will turn into euro-cepticism , that in turn if the reforms are well done will disappear . 
  i can see ukraine following the path of poland that is doing very very well right now . 
  i dont see us immigration laws has an exemple . 
  well if cameron is for it , then is settled . 
  this can not possibly be for real . 
  that is the reason we adapt so well , and even though there must be 5 million between citizens and their direct offspring and we are spread amongst all continents by the hundred of thousands of people you do n't hear about problem 's with our communities abroad . 
  incidently the fact that pretty much every family has a close family member living abroad helps us relate to foreigners that decided to look for a better live here . 
  every one here is in self denial or most likely did n't live in both a east and west societies for an extended period . 
  my country 900 years history disagrees . 
  it produced the most tolerant society i know . 
  the fatest way to make a nationalization happen is for them to fuck with the trams . 
  well one of the reasons we tolarate emmigrants so well is that its hard for you to find some family without at least one close familiar living abroad , so we understand that we want those host countries to treat them well and respect then , to allow them to have a nice live with their famalies . 
  so we apply the same reasoning here at home . 
  we can relate to them . 
  you would expect that other countries that have millions of citizens living abroad for economical reasons would n't be more understanding . 
  maybe you should move to one of those countries . 
  if germany wanted they could pass mandatory quotas even against the v4 countries with a majority vote , like some luxembourg minister said it could be done but it would be politically unwise . 
  more like limit the power that capitalists have . 
  poland is not riddled with unemployment . 
  i seen . 
  but unlike most i try to understend the context , what conditions the camps have , how long people are stuck there before revolting , how many people are part of the protest in comparation with how many refugees are camped in the area , i try to understend that a good chunk of that people has probably seen death from close , had to leave famaly/friends and all their belongs behind . 
  you can not seriously believe that you would settle in a refugee camps and freeze your live when you can just get up and walk to a place that can offer you more . 
  we can agree that they are not entitled to choose were to leave inside eu , many think so but if presented with a contract , be settled in x country or deported they would choose to stay ,, 
  i only hope i could actually offer you some help . 
  not good way to see it , back in early 2000s we had more than 60k ukrainians living here , any of then that stayed for more than 5 years can request portuguese citizisenship , same for all others , so they wo n't show up on immigrants per capita . 
  95 % of population are portuguese with makes us one of the more homogenous societies in europe , but this number doe 's not reflect the reality . 
  refugees with are one of the countries with less in europe ( we do n't get many requests ) , but this year there is a sharp increase with more than 500 requests so far , mostly from ukraine . 
  camon man , do n't appeal to slav pride , do n't be that guy . 
  building wired fences is totally the way for a better future and will definitely help solving the issue . 
  it wo n't at all isolate people from having real contact with the issue , they will be able to create informed decisions not by actually interacting with the muslims refugees but by listening to their prime minister inforned views about the world and their own media . 
  i can already see a bright future for greater hungary . 
  i feel your pain . 
  go hangout on controversial page , better content . 
  mmmm . 
  depends on your status and how much you will spend there . 
  if you are retired , buy property and spend minimum 6 months here the state wo n't tax your income for 10 years . 
  unplanned pregnancies happen usually at younger ages amongst lower class couple 's , that here happen to belong to the more cristian conservative families , that wo n't support abortion . 
  orban could be call far right much before refugee crisis . 
  that would actually benefict other countries in a way that exceeds the gain that germany gets , so i do n't see them supporting it . 
  what is he then ? 
  the speach was arsh but fair . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  slovenia is the only country inside the euro where famalies have less euro 's per month to spend tham portugal , its a poor country by east standards . 
  poland in the other hand has set a new record inside eu has the fastest growing country , doubling their gdp in 10 years . 
  it also did n't stop growing during a world economic recession . 
  i studied and worked in poland , i got a better recent grad job there than i would here or in spain . 
  i never seen the east , the poorest part of the country , but still most polish i know have a much more negative attitude about their country then they should . 
  i would n't like to stay in a country where a good shunk of the population did n't want me there based on my religion or the color of my skin ( not talking specifically about hungary on this one ) . 
  when compared to what i see here its a fundamental difference in attitude . 
  they are legal , if its what you are wondering . 
  not how germany rolls nowadays , i am glad for once , the attitude of the east countries can be understood , i do n't expect that countries with histories connected mostly to their geographical area will be as receptive towards difference races and religions as my own that has been in contact with them for literally hundreds of years , or other countries with colonial backgrounds . 
  but still the east position can not be ignored and should be judged according to eu values, 
  you can hang out on the controversial page ( where i found this ) . the variety of topics and opinions increases . 
  the quality of opinions in the articles rises when you use controversial filter . 
  r/europe what happen to you ? 
  some countries , others no . 
  no need for that friend , just ban the hate part . 
  lots of countries do not allow hate-speech . 
  if these people are not capable of a more eloquent speech to pass their anti emigration ideals , its their problem . 
  where was all the common sence i see now during the debt crisis . 
  ignorance mostly . 
  poland has 40 million people , not enough to survive only with their internal market . 
  if west is destabilized likely poland economy will be to . 
  for now . 
  but the east position will look more outrageous as the crisis gets worse . 
  like greece, 
  ask greece if germany does n't bite . 
  and this is a problem that actually its affecting them directly .
