  what i wonder is why he wants uk to stay . 
  from people that have solar panels at home in portugal you cant store it , if you have excess you sell it to the grid . 
  probably the same in germany . 
  lol , indeed . 
  but this time we cant complain we got the jucker because we voted him into the office , now why did we elected a prime minister of a country that depends on giving companies tax breaks to keep their finances healthy ? 
  i do not know . 
  `` tax the native people , make them unable to afford having children , panic about there not being enough laborers and consumers '' you could be talking about many eu countries with those problems , germany is not one of them . 
  you can look how poland is doing , or on how portugal did during the 90 's eu itself brings many advantages for less competitive economies , but having the euro nullifies most of them . 
  european people 's party are at it again . 
  getting punished by implementing the bailout program ... 
  if you wanted better results you should have made a better bailout program , or at least not pretend the one we implemented was flawless while systematically being wrong on pretty much all the predictions . 
  btw it would be nice some backup france , or maybe we should turn to illiberal democracy and shit all over some of the cores eu values , this way we would have plenty of backup inside eu . 
  then maybe eu should ignore the nationalities of eu citizens when dealing with particular problems , when the eu treaties their citizens differently based on the nationality they belong to you are failing at your job . 
  i dont think tusk is trying to meddle into junckers job , tusk knows why he is there , he knows that reasons that had him assigned to that post are no longer a priority for eu . 
  you dont see tusk speaking about southern deb crisis or bce policy . 
  in fact i dont see tusk doing much of anything . 
  there have not been any attacks in portugal but there are portuguese terrorist fighting for isis , curiously all expats , its like a tolerant and accepting society does not breed extremists so easily . 
  yes there have been attacks in a few countries and each attack is a tragedy , but the chance of a french dying in a terror attack is so low that is beyond negligible , a french is more likely to choke to death while watching a terror attack repetition on tv for the tenth time while eating their dinner then actually being killed by one . 
  but never mind that france has millions of muslims and attacks are a rare event , irrelevant information lets look time and time again at what individuals do and generalise it . 
  funny you mention portugal because i am pretty sure you would not like to live in a society like ours , so politically correct , free of right wing populism and muslim bashing . 
  our state does not even collect information on ethnicity or religion , how can we keep track on how pure european our society is ?!, 
  nah you would n't like it , do me a favor and keep portugal out of your arguments it really does not fit in . 
  happy he is trying but like muslims , christians will adapt their religion teachings to their own society and world views , choosing whatever parts suit them in the hypocritical way that only religious people know how , as an example we had the pope coming to poland and telling people to be more tolerant and welcome refugees , did n't really make a difference . 
  treat people like shit that will do it . 
  glad to hear it . 
  put yourself on assad shoes , the last attack was far more deadly and with the usa having a much more interventionist and anti russia president and nothing happened . 
  its reasonable he would try a smaller attack to test trump , i am sure he did not expect this reaction . 
  its a joke to say that bailouts of banks need to be dealt at the national level when the countries options are heavily restricted by the ecb and the treaties then ensure `` fair competition '' in the market , furthermore both ireland and greece by bailing out their banks ended up rescuing german and french banks , the hypocrisy of some of this finance ministers is astounding . 
  very interesting , give it a chance people . 
  nevertheless your most sold paper is a tabloid ... 
  i live in poland . 
  you do n't believe in anything that may go against your already establish opinion . 
  you have eurostat or the oecd to check stats on poland performance . 
  now i see why you refuse to acknowledge poland growth , law and justice supporter , do n't assume your side is 100 % correct and all information that opposes your views is propaganda . 
  there are negative consequences in poland membership of eu and you mentioned a phew but those do not erase the economical growth it brought . 
  thats the pis problem , for their party line to work they need to refuse reality itself . 
  you can not be serious , polish gdp per capita has not stop rising since 2004 , go compare the growth rates with belarus or russia . 
  companies do n't steal workforce , employees decide to emigrate . 
  tax dodging is a problem and some member states are creating barriers to reduce the problem , luckily the one that created the most is living soon . 
  do n't tell me a doctor in poland lived better in 2000 that it does now , its not remotely true . 
  security has improved even comparing with poland 5 years ago we can see a well equipped and present police force in all major cities . 
  never mind the fact poland is a free society fully democratic , establishing comparisons with russia ... 
  like most emigrants they are sending some funds to their families in their home country . 
  so your idea is forbidding people from leaving your country ? 
  did it cross your mind that without eu the polish state would be poorer therefore less able to provide free education and healthcare ? 
  is it a coincidence that all the areas you mentioned have been improving since 2004 ? 
  and who are you to want to restrict their choices of where and what to do ? 
  so do i , because they prefer to do so , because it pays better to wash plates in the uk then to work in their area in poland . 
  exactly how would eu not exist help them ? 
  those plumbers and prostitutes would just be worse paid plumbers or prostitutes otherwise . 
  oh he is just looking for an excuse to not go home to his wife . 
  i expected him to enrol in a master degree and promptly do two semesters abroad . 
  the commission can create laws , we elect the leader of the commission that is the person that nominates the commissars , its similar to the way we elect a prime minister that then forms a government . 
  the eu parliament should have more power but comparing it to the queen is laughable , the parliament actually uses its power its not merely decorative . 
  you are refusing to acknowledge that your vote elects the people that create the laws and the people that can reject them . 
  you want eu to be undemocratic you wont have it any other way, 
  hei , i read you comments gained some further insight on the road that led to pis gaining power , maybe things are not so dire but we can not make assumptions on non voters . 
  poland is a young democracy people are still far to accepting of autocratic tendencies its not abnormal , but the question still remains what should eu do ? 
  i am aware it ca n't act and suspend poland voting rights but it must at least posture itself and denounce pis less then democratic measures . 
  they are acting the same way as the communist did from passing laws during the night to having a what lets be honest is a puppet prime minister while the de facto ruler sits behind the scene . 
  it 's not only about the judicial separation of power your republic president walks the party line dishonoring his position and he does n't even try to hide it . 
  you can hear non polish speaking in any major big city krakow , tricity , warsaw , poznan , wroclaw and lodz ( missing some for sure ) but do n't pretend the majority of polish including most of the east are happy with this fact . 
  yes you welcomed allot of ukrainians , i am sure that must have been tuff for a growing economy that needs cheap labor to compensate for emigration to welcome fellow slavs , exactly how did the influx of ukraine migrants change anything in the polish society fabric ? 
  ok , i do n't expect poland society to be as open for vastly different cultures as countries that during centuries mingled with other cultures from different continents , and the reason 's that led to poland being so homogeneous are well known and tragic but both on your presidential and government elections emigration relating particularly to non christians and non whites was a key subject for pis and the main differentiator from opposition . 
  like in any elections , if your prime minister is on european council and the leader of the european party that got the most votes will form the commission how can you claim this is not democratic without being intellectually dishonest ? 
  like with national elections the party that gets most votes unless it has a majority needs the support of other parties to form government . 
  european parliament is elected by the eu citizens in local elections where each european party runs with a main candidate that its agreed upon and establish in the lisbon treaty that the party winner candidate will be the president of the commission , for fuck sake they even had broadcasted debates american style to be more engaging for the audience , european councils made up of the elected leaders of each country all nations have a representative they elected . 
  your vote will influence all the eu main branches . 
  how are they anti democratic ? 
  who elects the european parliament , the european commission and the members of the european council ? 
  most people with your speech do n't have a clue how eu works . 
  anti democracy is killing the independence of the judicial system either by steam rolling it and ignoring their rule like poland or chocking it by creating law after law until it has his hands tied like hungary . 
  anti democracy is using public channel 's as state propaganda , attacking media that does not support the government and financially starving them by allocating all public advertising campaigns to pro government papers . 
  passing laws to restrict and penalise public demonstrations , demonizing ngos that focus on public transparency and human rights . 
  there is a long list of anti democratic practises but so many seem to reduce it to the immigration question , anything is excusable as long as the government is anti immigration . 
  yes kick them out , we can not force them to create a society they do not want to live in , should we turn a blind eye ? 
  waterdown the values that helped creating the region with the highest quality of live in modern times and so many generations fought for ? 
  this countries governments have a say in subject 's that will affect my country , and this is fine when at least i know member states governments share the same ideals on how a democracy should look like and how a government should behave that portuguese citizens do . 
  look at poland , their economical growth is unprecedented and still they elected law and justice and failed to rebel when they showed they are just as bad as their critics pointed out . 
  ok , the majority of poles want to create a catholic homogeneous conservative country , its their right to shape their society but do it from the outside of europe , do n't criticise our values while benefitting from the prosperity they helped create and do n't mown that the west is imposing them when they were the ones signing off on them when they joined . 
  the people voting for them and then failing to revolt when they start to reduce transparency and independence of the judicial system are the ones to be blamed . 
  eu also as blame , this is a union of liberal democracies and the terms that define it are clear , governments like the hungarian and polish have no place in eu . 
  there should be no reasonable accommodation for politicians like orban , this is not the euroasia union . 
  so they are guilty when they strike first and guilty when they dont . 
  there is no point in showing you anything , you believe what you want to believe , there is nothing i can show you or say that will change your opinion . 
  even if so , then we havr facists fighting fascists . 
  what governments recognize then as such ? 
  i would also ask what institutions do it , but i have a pretty good idea about that . 
  i can show you trump supporter 's attacking people , what 's your point ? 
  generalising much ? 
  sources of antifa attacking centrist people ? 
  no doubt there should be more vacancies for positions like that, 
  in portugal some leave others stay , until now the majority stays , not so in east europe even though economically its a better place to find a job . 
  i ca n't imagine in europe a worst region for brown muslims to stay , seriously the population does not want them there and they can be quite aggressive , if i was allocated to a small town in east poland you can bet your ass i would run away to a different region . 
  integration goes both ways , assuming the locals habits are the best ones just because their are the locals makes it impossible for a society to improve itself and progress . 
  for that you need both integration policies and a constant fight against xenophobic or racist behaviors from the local population . 
  of course not many people will disagree , the thing is many times the solution is to remove or reduce the penalty of this status , back in early 2000 ` s it was estimated portugal had close to 100k illegal ukrainian immigrants , the solution was to simplify their legalisation process and to reduce the penalties , in this way the state took away much of the power the human traffic mafia had over then , and turned illegal workers into legal tax payers . 
  of course not many people will disagree , the thing is many times the solution is to remove or reduce the penalty of this status , back in early 2000 ` s it was estimated portugal had close to 100k illegal ukrainian immigrants , the solution was to simplify their legalisation process and to reduce the penalties , in this way the state took away much of the power the human traffic mafia had over them , and turned illegal workers into legal tax payers . 
  it may blow your small mind away , but criminals are still entitled to police protection . 
  sigh,
