  bridges connect people, 
  i have been in the one in the picture and similar new one in warsaw border , and i have to say they are quite small , minimalistic airports , is not like they went on a spending spree . 
  sure our economies ( greece , ireland and portugal , maybe malta and spain ) shrinked to early 2000 's gdp numbers ( or worst for greece ) , we can expect to be living at 2007 standarts in 8 years ( for portugal ) , our poverty levels jumped back to the 90 's , but there is slight growth the media covers it and for the rest of the public in europe the crisis is gone . 
  i wonder how many irish are receiving minimal salary now and how many were before the crisis . 
  this said i am happy for ireland , i think from the bailout countries they were the ones that deserved it the least . 
  thank we keep hitting export records !, 
  yes . 
  wow thanks for helping save the world germoney !, 
  end corporate lobbying . 
  and how much % of your gdp that is ? 
  speaking in absolute numbers another caracteristic of ukip suporters . 
  yes , it is the hotest part of the country , in summer temperatures go to the low 40 's . 
  white buildings are the norm , it helps with the heat . 
  still bilions spend paying debtors milions spend paying bloated public workforce . 
  lol do a quick search and you will see the bailout money was sent to the debtors . 
  fruit of extended reforns , austerety and top public eficiency . 
  oh wait it is actually control over their own coin , large amounts of eu funding entering the country during the crisis ( just a happy coincidence ) and a steady process of reforns that has been underway for years and will keep going . 
  for cases like this i agrea that foreigner users pay to , but not the same as a national user . 
  the shrinking forces can expand in great numbers in 24 to 48 hours so i wouldn worry . 
  i will bust one of my nuts if they actually ban geo blocking . 
  for portugal the return of the last emigration wave will help , but the problem will be fix by granting nationality to large numbers of non eu foreigners that want live in a stable country . 
  unlike other societies our adapts well to foreigners with diferent cultures or race . 
  sea and overseas territories . 
  is not hard to grow after years of gdp shrinking . 
  spain is also far from being the country that aplied more austerety measures . 
  any thing that takes him out of his current role , i am for it . 
  every thing that makes other countries to much competitive is not ok with sch\u00e4uble . 
  for them life of me i ca n't remember one brand that presents proudly made in u.s , apart from zipos . 
  why the fuck would they know that northern england people like to fight ? 
  do you know the regional caracteristics of all countries you visit ? 
  glad to hear it . 
  yei now is the time for our milk producers to rise again and flood the market with our superior milk !, 
  for european countries their past glory days involved defeating/invading/annexing / colonizing other countries that are know our partners , its awkward . 
  for who ? 
  but the taxes on their paychecks and whatever the worker produced during work hour 's would stay in germany . 
  yes it does . 
  fun fact recently you guys changed the way you prepare the codfish before you export it , but it would make it impossible for us to dry and salt it in our tradicional way , so you agreed to keep doing it the old way for us . 
  to pay back other international banks . 
  iberia can be an energy source for central eu . 
  just make the connections available the chinese will make the investment . 
  turkey population has the lowest education levels on oecd knowing this , his ability to control masses is not so i impressive, 
  oh ye they pop up here in the last years , and a few others , famous for fucking workers up the ass . 
  ukranian ladies + polish ladies + beautiful dirt cheap city . 
  how i miss poland . 
  plz share it all on reddit !!!!!, 
  what is the media reaction to this ? 
  and being free to have a big defit really helps to kick start the economy . 
  yes sometimes . 
  because in europe we dont give up the social state or regulatory powers in name of economical grow like usa does . 
  and when someone tries to change it will have backlash . 
  what it takes to change elites , regimes and political ideologies are nice words . 
  just look at history . 
  no intimal personal live and no religion , this is how we like our politics over here . 
  polski bus is pretty great and really cheap . 
  `` juncker grinned impishly '' the article is full of little jabs like this , only serves to show the spiegel bias , they could make their point with them . 
  i dont know why southern states all having some what similar economies , problems and customs dont pool together all their influence and eu votes . 
  instead italy and greece are more worried about establishing conections with russia , like that has ever saved any country . 
  not so bad here . 
  foreign gipsies left with the crisis . 
  the portuguese ones never gave me any troubles and they do n't beg in the streets so much . 
  why is this news ... 
  many of their current problems were caused by the bailot conditions that germany supported . 
  `` schorkopf : in the past decades , germany has provided enormous transfer payments , to greece as well -- not as reparations , but as a part of european integration . 
  we are talking about a figure in the high double-digit billions , a sum that easily reached the level of possible reparations payments . 
  greece could always count on support . 
  when the country was accepted as a member of the european community in 1981 , it was a tottering candidate . 
  in in 2001 , when greece was admitted into the economic and currency union , people did n't look very closely when the greeks falsified their accounts . '', 
  being a eu member state is not free , a country has to pay a certain amount that will be used to fund many institucions and programs that greece and many other member states benefict from . 
  is not german generosity , making it so is a bullshit argument . 
  germany pays this money because it thinks its worth it to be a member . 
  thanks i understand better germany position to lower our already pretty low salaries , even when implementing austerety the main outcome was to become a more lean and competitive so we can become and export state like germany . 
  well , low salaries policy worked out pretty well during the 90s but then china and east europe were allowed to enter the common market and we stopped being competitive at all . 
  this lowering salaries policy was the only austerity measure that was publicly advertised by troika that i remember my govermnat refusing to implement our discuss it ( and believe they did n't a lot of unpopular things ) . 
  for example instead of exporting cheap crappy shoe 's we export the second most expensive ones after italy , you need to oay higher salaries for that . 
  you know there a lot of member states that are switching to renewable energy , even if it costs more on the beginning , being energy independent is just one of the many advantages . 
  the usa real state buble that become a wold economical recession that originated a debt crisis in europe that forced my country to acept an awfull bailout that throw us to the worst recession in our democratic history , is still a big deal over there where you live ? 
  it made me depress watching . 
  if you advertise pancakes in defense of your national cuisine you are not impressing anyone . 
  unless he was speaking about eu funding ... we privatized a tone of companies , chinese bought most , the daughter of angola prime minister and richest woman in africa bough a little and brazil bought a little to . 
  no big german invest that i know about . 
  thats what i am talking about , they could make references to real situations in the pass showing how we citizens good fuck in the ass by some lobby in brussels . 
  what investment ? 
  and french champagne ... 
  again germany manages to find a solution that is ok for europe and great for germany . 
  buying the support of the public workers , he implemented a 10 % pay cut it needs to be compensated with bribes . 
  ye i guess i was kind of selfish , still you should solve the union economic problems before you start speaking about creating an army . 
  i do n't fucking want an eu army while 20 % of my country population lives like shit and another 20 % lives slightly better . 
  get your priorities straight . 
  and sad, 
  some countries can deal with it others ca n't . 
  the ones that ca n't need to change or i do n't see a very bright democratic future ahead for then . 
  impressive . 
  make and houses of cards for eu politics . 
  this series looks kinda lame . 
  fun fact the second most spoken language in kindergartens here is ukranian, 
  the author of the books got her inspiration to create hogwarts from the old universities at coimbra and their students with capes . 
  it 's hardly state of the art propaganda machine . 
  its just good enough to fool russians . 
  dunno about eu . 
  myself if it was summer i would go to the park , catch some sun and have a bear .
