  i would take my phone with me to be updated on the invasion of corse . 
  ahaha that nato commander is a boss , loved the answer he gave when confronted with the article . 
  is nice to see someone not afraid to put germany on her place for once . 
  thats eu integration happening . 
  and victims to . 
  we had to threaten to veto the last climate bill the eu council passed , to make france build the infrastructure on there side to allowed us selling our energy surplus to rest of europe . 
  even now we ca n't sell the amount of energy we want . 
  well to put it simply it went like this , when portugal was formed there was no spain , there were arabs and a bunch of other kingdoms , we conquered arab land south and at same time defended our borders against this kingdoms advances . 
  we tried our luck against some of this kingdoms but with no big results , and after spain was formed we pretty much focused on sea expansion . 
  people assume that when portugal was created spain was already there as we see it now , but it was not so . 
  ye that was such a douche move . 
  we held an empire for longer with less resources , and for it to fall soviet union and usa had to intervene . 
  we should totally be the ones ruling europe . 
  we only left because the austerity imposed was inferior to the one in greece , we barely made it . 
  because we won more battles then we lost . 
  i think this is the answer for most questions why has this country not absorbed the other . 
  we are not in a position to make the necessary investment to fix our problem , we need to play with the cards we have . 
  depends on the region you choose to settle . 
  but in case if you know any other southern countries we are similar but we keep more to ourselves , we are not so direct when talking to strangers like a spanish will be but if we make friendship then you can see our southerner side . 
  people are always available to help but more then that they are glad to do it , they wont take offence if you do not speak portuguese , if you go more then 5 times to same coffee place our food store you can expect the person behind the balcon to start making conversation and ask you how things are going ( it used to make some of my foreign friends feel awkward ) . 
  we are a bit melancholic at times but we can change our mood to happy very quickly , centuries of contact and integration with cultures around the world made us very tolerant , if you wish to escape this muslims clausterfuck or the raise of nationalist/extreme right movements portugal is a good country to settle as we developed a strong aversion to it . 
  i think its a good place if you want to express yourself freely without other people meddling but at the same time you want to live in a place that has a strong community sense . 
  we are a safe country and me emigrating made me realize our public transportation and health systems are not as bad as portuguese think . 
  our constitution forbids the goverment from collecting racial/religion data , after 5 years ( not sure if it is still 5 years ) working if you request double citizenship the data collection will only take in account your portuguese citizenship , so if you read around here that we are one of the most homogeneous countries in europe dont buy it . 
  this are the things that came to my mind , i think they must be what i miss most about my country so for me they are the main things about living there . 
  also our favorite pass time is going to coffee place , drink an espresso and sit there for hours talking , we do it almost everyday , coffe places are like small community centers for us . 
  maybe an influx of low labor actually improves the country situation for the rest . 
  actually there is no maybe about it as there are plenty papers talking about this issue . 
  maybe the fact we have one of the oldest populations in the world and we need young people to occupy our deserted regions and farm our lands justifies this . 
  if sirians are willing to do it they are welcome to it . 
  maybe this article will help you understend it better . 
  -_- ( this is my surprised face ), 
  i dont think people are reading the article , only people that are not working and have not made discounts for social security in the pass lose access to benefits , i actually assumed this was the case already . 
  dont see the big deal . 
  the only software i buy are games and the price is same everywhere . 
  so a country with larger savings does not want to go to harsh on fighting of shore funds and the country with very low taxes on companies profits does not want to limit the amount of profit companies can move out of the countries they operate . 
  ahaha you must not be paying atention the perspective of havign a different racial/religion minority was enough to boost far right and neo fascist movements in plenty of countries . 
  i dont see so much aversion to fascism in europe as you . 
  we still have aversion to fascism or extreme right wing movement 's . 
  i get it , if i was an american citizen more likely then not i would have totally different vision of the world to . 
  no men , it was n't when he did n't knew who did it , and its not now . 
  the problem with xenophobia is that people are judged by some characteristic and not by their actions . 
  he attributed blame not to a person but to a group . 
  brits are fine with ukip , why would they oppose fn ? 
  we had this until short term fiscal concerns made us cancel this tax break . 
  but hei i am sure that squashing portugal helped cdu hold on to a few conservative votes , shame they lost them with this refugee crisis . 
  he is just kidding , a play on american media that makes posts like this happen . 
  well it wont be a single market while services are not included , why should cheese producers have to compete in a single market and media , communication companies , ... be excluded ? 
  one of the first things i noticed when i moved to poland was the front doors of the houses , here i never lived in a house with less than 2 locks and one sliding bolt ( my portuguese house has one lock and glass window on it ) , more than that the doors are always quite thick with extra padding , first time i was like wtf are breaking and entering such a regular affairs that we need borderline blindate doors ? 
  i think its an old costume from a time before i moved to poland , as the country cities are pretty safe now . 
  its keeping and has kept portugal afloat after the disastrous germany lead austerity program . 
  suddenly ? 
  the commission and the member states leaders that do not rely on panic to keep their jobs have always defended schengen . 
  comment : user with strong opinions that are likely to be racist or have a xenophobe undertone but does not want to be called on it . 
  in countries where communism is forbidden they get 0 because they have no communist party represented there , in countries where communism is allowed and have communist parties they will receive based on the number of members they elect and the size of the european political family they are inserted in . 
  but i get your point , the truth is that in our union far right movements are less tolerated that far left . 
  its because we are a union of liberal democracies making the ideology of modern far left more compatible than far right . 
  did you read the article and searched for the different branches of the organization and the people inside of it ? 
  your made up title is not so neutral neither . 
  because he needs constant reassurance that his fears are correct and therefore he is actually a citizen with valid concerns not a xenophobe . 
  god dam this leftie pope , destroying our christian culture with his tolerance . 
  where does he get this shit from ... 
  i may be wrong but i remember bulgaria being one of the more harsh countries when it came to deal with the bailout programs . 
  i thought cristian religion gave europe the dark ages , rolling back progress hundreds of year back . 
  haha got ta love czechs . 
  hei i fit both of your criteria , sent pm . 
   it used to be the regressive left that hated white people , i dont even know what to say men , seriously where do you pull this shit from ? 
  un has been talking about it , like anyone acts on it ... 
  ok , but you pretty much mentioned the big difference between the classic form of nazism and current form of nationalism , the imperialism/expansionism . 
  does it not bother you that the type of society that the classic nazis fought to have in germany is very similar to the one that current nationalists ( polish or not ) want for their countries today ? 
  an uniform look a like society . 
  apart from their common view with the nazis on what the society should look like , nationalist also resort to violence and intimidation to push their agenda . 
  you call them nationalists for historical reasons , thats also why you dont have socialist party but you do have a socialist system similar to most other eu countries . 
  you dont have neo nazis but you actually do ... 
  probably one of the countries in eu with more of them . 
  by they you mean a few in millions right ? 
  the fact that he is not just proves that you can criticize religion all you want in germany ... and those in jail are not put there for making suggestion on how to reduce radicalism ... 
  this one is in porto : http://www.stylecheck.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/img_64301-1024x682.jpg, 
  `` late last week , german finance minister wolfgang schaeuble was reported as blaming the ecb 's cheap-money policy in part for the rise of the country 's right-wing anti-immigration alternative for germany ( afd ) . '', 
  if this is remotely true schaeuble is even more blind than i thought . 
  ye if you have the euro eu can force you do to pretty much anything . 
  thanks for the quick info sum up , but i still stand by my main point , you can find buddhist attacking christian minorities in asia , or buddhists enforcing strict laws , even though buddhismis is based on peace and tolerance . 
  ( again talking from general mainstream knowledge about what buddhist is about ) . 
  religion is one more excuse for people to enforce their views on others , of course that religion it self shapes a person view of the world but is one factor in many . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/18/world/asia/myanmar-sentences-3-to-prison-for-defaming-buddhism.html https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2014/01/29/sril-j29.html, 
  i am not familiar with the bible but its not the same ? 
  i am pretty sure bible says some fuck up things to ... 
  besides what the qur ` an or the bible say matters very little as the individual readers will interpret it as best fits their vision of the world anyway . 
  i think this is how you see it , witch kind of shows you dont really know much about europe besides the part you live in . 
  in my opinion we portuguese are more similar to polish than we are to dutch for example ... 
  those are not the solutions , what germany needs to do ( is what eu is asking germany to do ) is to start spending their surplus , by increasing their citizens income levels it will lead them to buy more goods and therefore import more reducing the trade surplus . 
  is quite funny but the same way eu regulates country deficit it also regulates countries surplus and germany is passing that limit , putting germany on an irregular situation according to the pact of stability and growth . 
  germany already established recently a minimal wage and announced that is going to invest on renewing their public infrastructure . 
  netherlands does not want them no point generalizing , as the biggest foreign community in portugal are ukranians ... 
  thats debatable , but ok assuming it brings no benefit for the netherlands , you should still take in consideration the cost for netherlands and the benefit for ukraine . 
  as the cost will be small and the benefit quite huge i think this should be reason for you to vote in favor . 
  other wise if all member states acted same way eu would brake , why should portuguese government vote for anything that improves netherlands economical situation if you guys dont buy from us and compete on the same market ? 
  why should any country help anyone but them selves ? 
  well when states let go the solidarity idea in favor on their personal gains its a big step further into doom . 
  sure this will require a scrafice from dutch to help ukraine , but quite a tiny one from a country that has a nice quality of live .
