  nah just give them to us , it will be cheaper for eu . 
  you cant be serious ... 
  people wo n't have any difficulty making that connection . 
  and you can remove the violent part , religion its a lot of things to a lot of people , stop speaking for others . 
  no , they have a democracy , if they pick someone like orban , then they will eventually pay the price and learn their lesson . 
  no the conservatives playing ukip game instead of showing how flawled their arguments were was what brough the referendum . 
   there are kids in primary schools throughout european countries cheering attacks like these . 
  pretty strong statement , source ? 
  and you will have some form of access to , no one is contesting that . 
  kinda of different jobs . 
  nationalism is not an islamist thing . 
  many countries in europe have aversion to nationalist movements , but sadly there is been a shift , now is starting to be ok again : (, 
  polish woman are becoming chubbier is past few years , i guess it comes with economical progress , less boiled potato and more macdonald fry potatao will do that . 
  german woman were slim once to . 
  did you saw religion free ? 
  you may have convinced me . 
  plus czechs really intrigue me . 
  can confirm , no one ever threw something at me before i dated a polish woman . 
  companies dont love foreigners from western countries its just that they may have offices in poland but they are managing company activities from all around the world . 
  for example my first job here i was dealing with brazilian market , even if you can find polish people that speak portuguese ( we have a few in my company support ) , its hard to find one with the correct education background . 
  its easier for a company to hire a polish then a foreigner , if they choose the later its because they had no other choice . 
  all your prices tend to be cheaper . 
  no , marketing . 
  i am living in poland and ye you can find similar prices to the portuguese ones . 
  brand cloth are a bit more expensive as portugal and spain are manufactures for some pretty big premium brands . 
  oh we can get cheaper then that , for no branding i would say 10 euros t shirt , 20 euros long sleeve shirt . 
  that no doubt . 
  but for clothes apart from needing a few thermic under shirts ( 20 euros each ) my winter portuguese cloths are fine in poland . 
  and in poland i can find those shirts for less then 80z . 
  oh i do , even with heat still pay less for end of month expenses in poland then in portugal . 
  and the cloth part , why do you assume ours is cheaper ? 
  i was ; ), 
  ok its like this , in poland as recent grad i can get a job much more easily than in portugal , but more then that the salary i receive even though is close to what i would get in portugal allows me to have 10 times more quality of live , i can afford to live alone in a good house , not have to worry about buying discount products in supermarket , order food or go to restaurant if i feel like it , spend money going out at night at still save 20 % of my salary . 
  easter redditors often dont take in consideration how much higher our prices are in pretty much everything when they talk about how we have higher salaries in order to justify austerity . 
  but guys if we try to legislate huge companies they will just leave the eu market . 
  can confirm southerner living and working on east . 
  phony democracies tend to go well with other phony democracies , i think turkey and russia will get closer, 
  of terrorism ? 
  yes no doubt about it . 
  glad could help you . 
  any more questions ? 
  not going well men ... and i do n't see why problems happening in other countries should stop the debate about v4 xenophobic problem . 
  may as well include the homophony and racism problem 's to . 
  because of the ways to stop it is not allow it to be spread online . 
  thank you for the post , this thread was depressing me , but there is still some hope . 
  at least your reforms were made to improve your country not bailout banks . 
  furthermore all the things you mentioned greece has been suffering them for years , your country having gone through them i would expect you would n't want the same to happen for others if there is any other way . 
  also you controlled your own coin , imagine what you went through while having a coin whose value automatically makes your economy less competitive . 
  if the rest of the world was so tuff on germany like germany is being with greece your country would not exist . 
  i heard turkish oranges are pretty nice . 
  we actually have companies in all the industries you mentioned ... 
  but this is not what eu money is for , it is to create the conditions for the companies to show up . 
  and yet the solution imposed to fix their problems was pushed by righties ... 
  the results are out for anyone that cares to look at them . 
  nah , they just got use to living in chaos and carry on with their lives . 
  i wish i could explain you the difference between struggling while hoping for a better future , and just struggling with no perspectives of improving your life . 
  its a world of difference . 
  people dont have the knowledge to make an informed decision , it is the job of `` real '' politicians to tell them . 
  maybe ( just maybe ) those were warnings . 
  a fine with value of 0 or suspending eu funds ( suspension is automatically removed if our deficit falls bellow 3 % this year ) may be good alternatives to end this retarded debate . 
  last election was the first one where it would decide the head of the commission , media was talking about it , the candidates were talking about it , there was even a debate american style with all the candidates , if you care enough to vote for that election ( few did ) it was almost impossible to not know it . 
  plenty of people voted for him ... 
  i do n't think he gives a shit , he got his job after an election . 
   why do n't these countries leave the euro instead then ? 
  it is not us who have a problem with the realities and rules of the euro , it 's them . 
  maybe is because this rules benefit your economy ? 
  eu banks ... sure, 
  they hate the left and liberals to . 
  maybe ( just maybe ) there is a connection between spain growth and their significant deficit ... 
  companies will look for financial incentives , qualified cheap labor and an international pool of workers close by to recruit . 
  i say we got a good chance of attracting some of london businesses . 
  elected religious euro-federalist . 
  diversity !, 
  by anglosaxons you surely mean americans, 
  we got this , we been saving all good football for the final . 
  kinda . 
  just because its called a reform does n't make automatically better ... 
  we ignored them when it came up to the greek bailout program , and we keep ignoring when talking about greece capability to pay its debts , maybe we should no mock the english so much ... 
  we had this situation to , we fixed by making state tv more independent not less . 
  it means less transparency and more national interest overcoming eu wide interests . 
  that is want the eu council does , takes something the parliament and the commission propose and waters it down behind close doors to appeal to petty national interests on national lobbies/unions . 
   `` intergovernmental confederation '' . 
  thats how i look at the commission . 
  so she saves all her progressiveness for germany and all the pandering to her conservative voters is left to south europe . 
  people are comparing extreme right with fascism , not right ... 
  light convictions that wont land any one in jail , and it may spark the creation of whistleblowers protection laws . 
  they could . 
  just sch\u00e4uble being sch\u00e4uble . 
  our goverment is lucky that brexit and spanish election have kept sch\u00e4uble away , but his gaze is again upon us . 
  not absolute majority , meaning there are more spanish that do not want to see him effected that those who want . 
  god dam it , how long do we have to wait until rajoy gets charged with corruption . 
  fuck he cant be the only clean person in that party . 
  not even close . 
  he wants less decisions made by eu parliament and commission that are elected by eu citizens , and more backdoor negotiations between eu leaders . 
  ye not thanks , its precisely the path france and italy are trying to walk away , if you consider this pro europe you understand as much of what the eu project is about as your overlord kczy\u0144skin . 
  you see eu liders may turn a back to populists like kczy\u0144skin and orban for many different reasons depending on the current framework , but eu parliament wont . 
  lol why dont you just call them lefties while you are at it . 
  represents about 8 % of eu gdp if i remember correctly . 
  thats sound like a good outcome . 
  i was more curious about the other eu citizens attitude towards portugal , is pretty clear that the bailout program was not based on economical sense but on the punishment that other eu citizens though that portugal should go through to pay for their past mistakes .
