  amen brother . 
  you are talking about melenchon right ? 
  what battle ? 
  good , please give me patience to endure religious people . 
  pff the countries where young people would actually be able to use this do not need eu funds anyway and the rest would n't be able to afford it even with eu support so ... 
  you do n't ? 
  its an irrational decision to live with such fear of something with such small odds of happening , they are either misinformed or suffer from some mental imbalance . 
  do n't see the issue , old ukip leader was named farage , wilders is of indonesia descent ( he actually paints his hair blonde ) , do n't be surprised by the hypocrisy or the ignorance of the far right , those are their biggest strengths . 
  because thinking otherwise is crazy but if you need proof you can take a look at the recent years refugees and emigrant waves . 
  how does single individuals that have control over their actions and follow no leadership moving in mass resembles a group of singles individualism moving in mass under the chain of command of one single entity ? 
  mmm ... not sure how to feel about extrapolating regional election results to national ones . 
  in portugal the regional elections are much more about the individual candidates then they are about their parties . 
  it does if after he can prosecute the boot owner and have the realistic expectation that a politically independent judicial system will judge the validity of the face stomping . 
  and yes i am aware of the usa problems when it comes to applying the law against law enforcement forces and the prohibiting costs if you have a low income . 
  because the usa does not use legislation to crush public opinion . 
  i do n't think nationalism in turkey is just a right wing thing . 
  you can not seriously compare russia to usa when it comes to either democracy 's or freedom of speech , russia is more at turkeys level . 
  nah , not yet . 
  its a work in progress . 
  god bless you little heart for sharing it but articles with racism on the title do n't go anywhere is this sub . 
  those are the organizations that mostly fight for transparency , democracy and human rights , the countries that go after then using your excuse are often totalitarian or corrupt countries like russia , venezuela , turkey and hungary to mention a few . 
  the only real way to decrease the debt burden when it crosses the 60 % threshold . 
  and here we have the conservative politician , so quickly to judge those who have the least and are helped by the state , the honest politician that was going to cut the fat of the french state , i wonder if he paid taxes on this handout . 
  very interesting . 
  they used eu data to re reach their conclusions and i quite agree with them , you can see populism rising in countries that are economically well off like netherlands and the uk , precisely because the voters concerns are no longer simply materialistic . 
  if i can not apply it to his comment to what situation can i use that term ? 
  maybe provide a example you consider valid . 
  edit : ye got the answer i assumed i would get . 
  he is applying the same speech to extremist 's that we apply to regular muslims in order to imply they are all the same . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtmrbbedxm8 i was looking for a different one but posting links of individual cases when there are so many trump supporters is not the best way to argue anyway , same goes for antifa supporters . 
  yes we persecute people in europe for hate speech , we do it for many reasons , because we learned from our past and because our freedom ends when the freedom of the next person starts and this includes not being insulted . 
  i can also be persecuted for slander , its a restriction of free of speech and no one seems to be bother by it . 
  you brough a good point , even though extremism islam and fascim are both authoritarian ideologies that share many points one is a religion the other is not therefore it ends up being more protected , but we definitely should do more about it . 
  we already see mosques being closed for extremist speech , and many that are not closed are under vigilance , closing them would be counter productive as they are sources of intelligence . 
  milo would be persecuted in more then a few countries in eu for his speech but i guess thats besides the point , sure they should not had done it but lets not pretend trump supporters are the most understanding people , and when in groups they acted like enraged animals when faced with counter protests . 
  there is a serious problem with my fellow eu citizens when its even debatable with group of people we would rather have in our streets . 
  so did germany with their own coin ... 
  the discussion is how to do it , the only reason you push for austerity while a recessions is occurring is because you do n't suffer the consequences , take a look how long finland government managed to inflict their `` austerity '' before backing down . 
  eurogroup leader position is not that important , we will see how german elections go . 
  southern countries do n't need a bad comment to push for a southern eurogroup leader , they can just meet and say its time for one , this block weight in terms of gdp and population is more then enough . 
  besides the next eurogroup leader will likely be another member of the center left eu socialist group , there are no viable options in the south , i like my finance minister but i think he has his hands full managing our situation same for greece , spain as a center right government and italy politically is to unstable . 
  there is no guessing ps was clear since even before the elections ps could work with the extreme left as long as they realise a portugal under ps rule will be pro nato and pro eu . 
  are you a simpleton ? 
  do you understand anything of went down since 2008 ? 
  do even try to ? 
  ps the only ones from the 3 that you know is in the government . 
  talking about a complex issue that involved a world wide real state crisis banking crisis incomplete monetary union bad fiscal/economical policies as lazy southerns like to spend their money having fun is low level populism that dutch seem to be so much fans of . 
  it plays on xenophobic stereotypes that keep us from moving on from a crisis that started in 2008 , he needs to go , his solution failed and it costed dearly to many eu citizens . 
  simply saying countries must stick to budget discipline while ignoring all rest is pandering to ignorants like you . 
  because things are that simple and the dutch leadership did such a great job . 
  he actually made the and and the grasshopper reference in the end of last summer regarding greece , because its not like they spent the summer dealing with two major humanitarian crisis ... 
  our government is very pro eu stop lying . 
  i will take a crowd of antifa types to a crowd of trump supporter 's every day of the week . 
  let the piggies come out they been hiding long enough . 
  if by globally you mean outside europe , you are mistaken if you think the duch political spectrum is tilted to the left . 
  so everything is their fault and nothing is our responsibility ? 
  you realize that you are at the same time criticizing a line of though and enforcing it ? 
  x d, 
  but i can compare the same deep state conspiracy bullshit and discredit of all critical media , do you think erdogan stated to spray journalist on his first year ? 
  and he was being compared to extreme right wing nationalist european politicians not the regular right wing politicians that together with the left build eu . 
  hei i think europe has been to lenient with erdogan for years , but this reactions are not caused by our wish to save turkey democracy , they are just appeasing extreme right wing voters , doing the right thing for the wrong reasons . 
  our laws apply to everyone that enters our countries not only to nationals . 
  this sub gets all up riled up when a country restricts the extreme right freedom of speech , i guess the freedom to be political incorrect only applies to europeans . 
  everyone knows the people party party is where all the franco era fascists went to after the regime went down , they just ca n't help caving to their authoritarian routs , its weird how spanish put up with this . 
  but the spanish repression laws put in place since 2008 are all about keeping protest 's against government policies to a minimum , not related to this discussion . 
  you see what you want to see , are you honestly tell me that the dutch , french , german judicial systems are giving breaks to extremist 's muslims ? 
  some of the best and most transparent democracies in the globe all decided to not persecute islamist terrorist 's , how do you support your claim ? 
  do you see every facebook shitposter being dragged to jail or passed a fine for their comment 's in facebook ? 
  are these judicial systems also giving breaks to right wing extremists ? 
  or maybe the laws that restrict free speech are not that restrictive and still allow for more then they should . 
  so you call stopping xenophobic groups from spreading their hate speech anti freedom , your concept of freedom of speech is delusional and very few societies adopt it for good reason 's . 
  no you are not entitled to say anything you want , deal with it and stop pretending we suddenly live in an oppressive regime , the laws in place are not new . 
  right wing hate speech is treated the same way as islamic extremism hate speech , as it should . 
  the ones i meet were mostly university students that did n't care to much about islam , drunk alcohol liked clubbing and took the opportunity to try pork in europe since is hard to find in turkey . 
  tastes like chicken is the most common answer . 
  do n't be buddy , it 's gon na be alright . 
  5 portugal is for this as long as the multi speed does not include the euro group , taking in account the reason 's why portugal supports it also benefit greece i can say 6 countries are for this . 
  they will be negotiating a new package of perks from scratch . 
  depends on your personality , if you want empathy i say portuguese but i rather prefer the polish society not to cold and not to friendly . 
  this was already the case when i went to school . 
  are we ? 
  countries join voluntarily and they are free to leave . 
  if a country ca n't handle liberal values then it should not have joined an union of liberal democracies . 
  no ethnic or religious discrimination , not so hard . 
  we will start kinda of doing it in 2020 . 
  no , you are just a dumb dumb that gets taken advantage by eurosceptics , he ran a campaign as head candidate of the ppe , his party was the most voted in the european parliament elections ( that happened at national level in all member states ) so he got the job like it was established in the lisbon treaty , there were even public debates american style to attract the attention of dumb dumbs like you . 
  you see your vote may count as much as mine but your opinion does not , so less commenting and more reading . 
  oh the people are uninformed idiots , they elect politicians to rule not to follow all their wishes . 
  the people have neither the knowledge , the skills or the information to propose measure 's , this is why we elect represents and officials that do . 
  you do n't even seem to have a basic notion of how modern democracy works . 
  i would bet you that most people that hate eu ca n't point out his position , how he got there , where he came from and the name of his political family . 
  does it matter ? 
  if you think that it does you have no place in eu . 
  one can assume the police is not made up of retards and if the group is dangerous enough to be banned is dangerous enough to be under surveillance . 
  police probably knows where all their prayer carpets are and will keep a look out . 
  hate speech is one of those specific conditions . 
  its not a new thing a few countries have it for a long time mine included , never felt it oppressed me . 
  as defending xenophobes rights to spread their ideology is not a concern for me this does not bother me . 
  like in many other european countries , it prevents discrimination against all the other people that share the same skin colour of a particular criminal . 
  it would n't be necessary if so many people would n't so easily turn into biggots .
