  its not specified to muslims , people in general are like this if everyone around you treats you like an animal you will eventually act like one . 
  it sucks to be on your position , i cant predict an individual behavior but in a group of people being treated like you described its more likely this individuals will turn to crime . 
  in a muslim group crimes include blowing your self up . 
  if you are white they are fun i suppose , they happen here and there you had one in warsaw not so long ago : https://i.imgur.com/iltxiez.jpg, 
  islamophobia definition given by google search `` dislike of or prejudice against islam or muslims , especially as a political force . '', 
  it is a thing , there are parties that created with islamophobia at there core . 
  matters little as fighting one will lead to the decrease of the other . 
  companies , producers and financial markets adjust their economical activity according to their expectations of the near future . 
  this is why if a state or central bank announces expansionary policies next year companies/consumers will increase their economical activity during the current year . 
  if you use libertarian as an example any political spectrum but them are intolerant fascists . 
   ou are intollerant of that view and demand the state uses its power to destroy the indigenous nation by replacing it with a multi-racial society . 
  you are assuming from the start a negative outcome , when in reality it varies from case to case . 
  you wont see me arguing for eu to force poland to accept muslim refugees , ideologically they should but in real world the polish society wont accept them breading extremism on both sides . 
  in this particular case i would defend that as long as the polish goverment moves towards a more tolerant society , eu should not pressure them . 
  eu its not a union of democracies , its a union of liberal democracies . 
  any movement that goes against the core principles of this ideology : `` 1 . 
  any discrimination based on any ground such as sex , race , colour , ethnic or social origin , genetic features , language , religion or belief , political or any other opinion , membership of a national minority , property , birth , disability , age or sexual orientation shall be prohibited . 
  within the scope of application of the treaty establishing the european community and of the treaty on european union , and without prejudice to the special provisions of those treaties , any discrimination on grounds of nationality shall be prohibited . '', 
  should be counter acted by the state . 
  again , yes i realize this puts me on an extremist corner of the political spectrum when it comes to this particular issue . 
  furthermore if poland or any other state wished to have an one religon , one race nation by all means do so it your country , but do it from outside eu . 
  i dont listen to radio , but i try to find the podcasts on political debate shows , and no doubt they have the best quality . 
  if you are asking if the romanian constitution has this right i dont know , but the eu does , article 21 . 
  i will share a quote some user posted in a different thread as it presents my views in a better way then i am capable . '', 
  unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance . 
  if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them . 
  karl popper '' i often though about my personal stance on some topics , if my position of 0 tolerance against intolerant people makes me an extremist . 
  yes i guess it does , the individual should be judged based on his actions , and nothing more , i fine being an extremist on this point . 
  at least i stand by my views and realize what they make me , unlike allot of people in this reddit . 
  my beliefs dont come from marxism , never studied this ideology , i am product of the environment i was raised like most people . 
  if you are someone with intolerant beliefs , they yes i am oppressing your rights . 
  there are reasons to be against this law , like for example not wanting your kid to know he is adopted . 
  but put your self on the kids shoes , your chances to be adopted are reduced because your race , an this is allowed according to your comments because couple should have the right to choose what type of family they want from the racial point of view . 
  you have to chose witch side you rather protect , i choose the kid side , even though it oppresses the possibility of a couple to chose the color of its family . 
  no you are not . 
  so there is two rights in conflict in this situation , the adopting couple right to pick the race of a kid , and the kids right to a fair chance to be adopted independently of his race . 
  in my opinion the state should side with the kid on this one . 
  you seem to want a hands off state , while i rather have a state that takes a active part in many different issues , like redistribution of wealth and rights . 
  i believe that the individual freedom ends when the next person freedom starts , if ones opinion will lead to a different person have its right reduced the state should interfere and fight that ideology . 
  its not so much my logic as a statement how things turn out to be . 
  does the uk has a problem with racism ? 
  how good are the uk institutions that take care of this kids ? 
  how long is the waiting list ? 
  i was just finding a reasoning behind this type of measure , i dont have an answer defining if it is right or wrong , i think it depends on allot of factors . 
  and the only reason the central bank is doing that is because governments can not apply expansionary fiscal politics , so the central bank tries to do it for them with his monetary policy , in the hopes private investors will borrow and invest . 
  but investors do not gamble and try to kick start an economy , that is the state job . 
  if you allow a couple to choose based on race , its obvious that race is kinda of important for them , in most likeliness the adopted kid will grow up to be an adult with the same opinion . 
  its a bad opinion to have the state should fight it . 
  but yes it may mean less kids are adopted . 
  our quality of food is miles better then what usa citizens have at their disposable , i appreciate though regulations . 
  there are plenty of papers that conclude that in industrialized economies immigration is positive to the economy . 
  google academics is your friend . 
  indeed , hope someone adds erdogan in there for some sweet tri some action . 
  he is steering poland away from democracy , without eu poland would become hungary in 5 years , russia in under 10 . 
  exactly how is poland a lapdog ? 
  by being part of a group ? isolationism fueled by nationalistic rethoric so he can keep diluting your democracy , and people like you just eat this shit . 
  `` the tribunal declared as unconstitutional , among other points , a provision that the head of the constitutional tribunal has to refer requests for judgment to the prime minister '' you need to be a fanatic not to see the clear pis power grabs , one after the other ... 
  peninsula iberica has almost not connection with the rest of eu electric energy market . 
  both portugal and spain want to start selling our green energy to the rest of eu ( fixing one of the problems green energies have , you cant accumulate it it needs to be used as its produced ) . 
  france has not been very cooperative , one of the main reasons is wanting to protect their energy market based on nuclear power plants . 
  las time eu was negotiating eu environmental policy 2020 , portugal and spain used their veto power to force france to assume a deadline for the contractions of the necessary connections on their side . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/france-spain-energy-idusl5n0z12gw20150615 since them have n't heard anything about it, 
  hei france how are those cross-border energy links going ? 
  its because they are cults , unless there is a rule that specifies that after enough people believe something it becomes true . 
  south countries stand with germany on this one . 
  its not just a german thing ... 
  ye ... we ca n't compete on labour intense industry but uk will . 
  sure . 
  why , you can find some great deals right now !, 
  the commission denied any contacts from schauble prior to the decision and the german commissar was one of the ones opposing the final decision supporting rajoy is the only reason i see to explain a possible schauble involvement . 
  how can you be so short sighted ? 
  first of all syrians that reach europe are the ones that can afford the trip , the lowest income syrians stay stuck on syria or border countries , second why would they not bring the smartphones they own ? 
  it may surprise you but lots of then owned property back in syria . 
  refugees does not equal low income households . 
  about time . 
  preferably parties from both political spectrums should sign . 
  it really depends from country to country . 
  french suburbs are tinderboxes of terrorism same way american suburbs are tinderboxes of criminals . 
  but ye keep focusing on the multiculturalism part and not on the variety of factors that lead people to become criminals ... 
  i hope this happens , it will make it harder for bigots to play on peoples fears and ignorance . 
  no , thei are founded on very low incidents rates with refugees . 
  they are trying to sell you fake drugs , police is aware not much they can do . 
  thats very pagan . 
  social democrats ( the biggest eu political group ) also defend the current immigration politic , and this does not make them a left movement . 
  the center left and center right have allot of common ground . 
  left wing communism ? 
  is there a right wing communism ? 
  you dont really need to have the word left in there . 
  according to this sub reddit , no one is ever extreme right wing ... 
  if you share their values dont be bother by what they are and if bothers you then rethink your attitude . 
  dont know anything about this men , but he has a point in regards to how eu should deal with turkey . 
  hei come here , will tell you a secret , defending freedom of religion and fighting generalizations are liberal values . 
  when did that ever work out well ? 
  we border turkey we dont want to create chaos over there ... we should adopt a tough economical policy weakening their government popularity and supporting their opposition from afar . 
  not create more bloodsheed . 
  calm down , its not going to happen anytime soon , but if the turkish government starts to crack down even harder on their populous , they will be able to ask for refugee status . 
  rajoy is far more extreme then renzi , at least when it comes to internal politics . 
  this said , i wish southern countries would work more closely independently of the political parties in power . 
  do n't worry anything that bashes on right wing does not get up voted . 
  it will soon disappear .
