  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-crisis-russia-statesecret-iduskbn0od1ha20150528 https://www.shape.nato.int/new-satellite-imagery-exposes-russian-combat-troops-inside-ukraine enjoy, 
  fuck you for bringing your right wing xenophobic rhetoric to this thread . 
  ye , where is the portuguese , the irish , the spanish , the maltese lepen ? 
  there must be something more then just economy or migrants . 
  what are gendarmes ? 
  riot police ? 
  lol merkel belongs to the conservative right . 
  you are miss informed and delusional . 
  social democracy is pretty much the definition of center economics in europe , a state that plays its regulator job while providing minimal services to the population that needs it . 
  its beyond me how you reached your conclusion . 
  i guess that you missed the acts of violence and suppression of free speech during trump rallies . 
  besides most of the student 's protested peacefully , sending in the police would have been the wrong decision . 
  did any one get physically harm ? 
  epp does it again . 
  you should try to remind people that greeks do not have slovakian prices . 
  something obvious that people should keep in mind , also like in portugal , greek pensioners reforms are used not only to support them but also their family . 
  its common to have one or two pensions for a house of 5 . 
  i sympathize with your comment but eastern europe block is one of the harshest towards the south economical problem , simplifying a complex issue with the general lazy stereotype and shrugging off the huge economical and social impact 's with the argument life in our countries is hard to . 
  not the most productive stance to have . 
  shocker , here is another for you portuguese public debt is also not sustainable . 
  we elect the head of the european commission and the composition of the european parlament , and finally the european council includes the elected representatives of each eu member state . 
  its pretty direct already , people just do n't care enough to inform themselves . 
  the number one common characteristic in the extreme right movements across countries is ignorance . 
  ignorance reigns supreme . 
  from the way you argue yours more likely does . 
  the lack of language skills is a known problem for english native speakers . 
  plus learning a new language is a great brain exercise . 
  but by all means keel being proud of something you should be ashamed . 
  wow the west gave political support and some meps went to ukraine , the horror . 
  lol we all know how tolerant and polite trump is to those who disagree with him . 
  so he will support the group that made it impossible for europe to solve the 2008 crisis , everyone moved past it but us . 
  future looks dim . 
  not that much , the de facto ruller of poland is a traditionalist , very conservative that uses christianity to gather votes . 
  the only difference is that salazar was also a fiscal conservative . 
  says is going to be downvoted , starts argument with are n't very fond of the idea of increased islamic immigration into the country ye ... 
  really good piece . 
  very informative . 
  check out what happened at the bikini islands . 
  even though the number of casualties is smaller than the events you mentioned there something really fucked up about using entire local populations as test animals . 
  you can ? 
  i lived in sopot and gdynia and i never noticed it . 
  i came from poznan and you can feel the air quality difference as soon as you step out of the train . 
  the same wind that helps with the air flow also kills me during winter . 
  but china . 
  really ? 
  now that they registered and housed quite a few seems more easy to interview them . 
  fixed . 
  this guys : http://www.venice.coe.int, 
   non-intervention strategy . 
  obama just replaced boots on the ground with air strikes . 
  slovenians on this sub allways try to bring down other countries to their level . 
  the problem is not netherlands being to generous , is you guys being to selfish . 
  mmm ... we had quite a few migrants from marocco in early 2000s , do n't remember any news about them being a particular troublesome group . 
  but they keep being mentioned nowadays , strange . 
  what ? 
  90 were our last golden age for economical growth portugal was looked at as a success case , even with a much more corrupt economy , bureaucratic state , much less qualified work force we were able to growth . 
  there are other factors for our lack of growth since the euro but losing our coin is one of the most important ones . 
  how can the government solve any crime ? 
  by doing an investigation and talking it to the courts ... 
  in portugal is quite normal saying oh my god , thank god , if got lends an hand . 
  not sure whats the problem when muslims do the same . 
  have they a long history of wanting to break away ? 
  for example before they developed a strong industry and were mostly a rural area , did they still wanted independence ? 
  you painted the perfect picture of an polish emigrant . 
  some will add to the country others will subtract exactly like any other nationality . 
  dumb fucks , people witch such shameful behavior should be publicly shamed . 
  we replaced their trade monopoly , the products reaching italian city states used the old silk rode , we created a sea route . 
  italian 's needed to buy from muslims traders , we bought directly from where the products originated , so they could not compete with us in price . 
  what ? 
  we all know it was why the local population reacted this way . 
  lets not pretend that if a pole stabbed a pole any of this will happen ... 
  do you know why when a russian goes to austria to steal cars , he needs to steal two ? 
  because on his way back he passes through poland . 
  sadly its how it will go . 
  eu has to many problem 's of its own to deal with turkey situation . 
  for now you are on your own . 
  dude your story is really surprising i was not expecting this type of event in gdansk , sure every place has crime but tricity always seemed so safe , never was , saw or meet anyone that was mugged or assaulted and police seems to be everywhere all the time . 
  anyway thanks for sharing and respect for taking the initiative in helping that guy . 
  if it comes to it i hope i can follow your example . 
  indeed . 
  not by british press standards . 
  i think this bot crashed . 
  this is the thing , a majority 's government is not allowed to change whatever it wants , its restricted precisely to preserve the democratic regime that allowed then to be elected . 
  we are seeing in poland a government that does not respect the restrictions it faces . 
  by phony democracy i meant a democracy in with the past governments managed to undermine ( even without recurring to voter fraud ) the possibility of a different political force getting elected in the future . 
  common way to do this ( we saw it happen in russia , hungary and now poland ) is to use state funded media as a propaganda channel for the party in power and at the same time diabolize any media that presents a different picture . 
  right wingers and conservatives dominate the european parliament and the european council , polish and hungarian governments are being targeted for their ( assumed ) iliberal points of view and their actions diluting their own democracies . 
  eu is a union of liberal democracies , if a country does not want to be one then i guess it can join euro asia union with all the other phony democracies they so much want to be like . 
  edit : we probably should refer to poland as a central european country to be accurate , not that makes so much difference . 
  who cares , this discussion is so fucking irrelevant . 
  hows is that in any way relevant ? 
  nice try but its not eastern europe evil right wingers , its hungary and poland evil right wingers , stop trying to make it a regional thing . 
  eastern feelings of persecution are getting old . 
  ye , but do n't worry portuguese media mentioned them by name , personally i think czech republic has the best chances to get the factory . 
  this people are insane . 
  you mean mozambique ? 
  since 2009 i would say . 
  the time where reducing divergences between member states populations is long gone . 
  the idea that pis is opposing socialism/communism in poland is crazy . 
  at maximum he is opposing social democracy and liberalism .
