  keep implementing them ? 
  no , renegotiate new ones , that what they try to do . 
  when you are under bailout you lose alot of powers . 
  if he came to power after spain elections he would had better chances of doing something right . 
  also he was couting on the back up of some menber states ( italy and france ) and didnt get it . 
  spain and portugal both enforced austerity , and the leaders speach was similar , `` there is no other alternative '' . 
  elections for both goverments are coming if they allow greece to get a good deal , people would blame them for not fighting agains eu , like greece did . 
  well portugal does not have extremist parties running for elections but spain does , and if they win spain can not be pushed arround like greece . 
  europe is mostly focused in preventing that from happening . 
  there is a reason the portuguese and spanish finance ministers have some of the most agressive stances againts greek proposals , acepting them would mean that they woud for sure lose their jobs next eletion . 
  so you can split the blame between people that choose the path of radicalism and the surrounding society that push them that way . 
  most countries have muslim minorities but not all of them produced isis fighters or suffered attacks from muslims . 
  in fact the countries were the backlash against islam is bigger are the ones that produce more extremist fighters ( is only my point of view , no proof ) . 
  real integration is needed , but not all societies are capable of giving it , now i start to think that probably is best if we dont force it and just wait until they are ready . 
  how was islam a problem for europe 20 years ago ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we got muslims here to , and they are totaly different from what you discribed . 
  the first group came from ex colonies so they already felt portuguese and integrated well , but since then more arrived and integrated just fine . 
  they have a strong sence of comunity that fits well among our society . 
  cameron should focos on his reforms for eu , still waiting to read his proposals to make us more efficient . 
  a socialist state can have flexible labor laws, 
  the left is weak and the right is getting strong after each election , ahead we have this trade agrement with the capitalist motherland and there isnt one strong socialist goverment capable of turning the tide . 
  i blame france for the poor state of the eu left . 
  at a fair you wont get a receipt for what you purchase , more likely it was stolen . 
  your best shoot is to search and buy portuguese tiles at a producer/retailer , and directly support the trade . 
  a greek professor of economics come to a debate show last week , and told greece had already proposed to replace the pension cuts with defense cuts and it was refused . 
  its not a new proposal . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njjk6uzlzsy ( its in portuguese ) . 
  well deals behind the door are made mostly by the eu council , even when laws are discussed and made behind doors with private meddling the law will still be publicly voted on eu parlament . 
  in fact the bailouts policy went to shit because it had to be handled by eu leaders not eu institutions and leaders have to take in account their voters . 
  i rather eu institutions to have more power to solve eu problems . 
  dont steal or buy stolen tiles at fairs . 
  seriously dont . 
  they need a solution to fix the current situation , they have none . 
  people forget or dont know , but troika does regular inspections on bailout countries , fmi team comes every time before more money is given and only passes the check if they think reforms were made . 
  they have been passing checks for 5 years because austerity was being implemented . 
  it didnt work , and its not a solution for greece . 
  because it is already establish that they fucked up , they know it , we know it , greek governments since bailout admited it . 
  what would be the point ? 
  what imf says to media and what they enforce under bailouts are two diferent things . 
  i wounder if comments would be so positive if greece was the one threatening . 
  when they allowed their migrants walk arround ( due to overcrowding on camps ) the comment section was n't so comprehensive . 
  that would impact the live of millions and create heavy monetary losses plus it would be a cluster fuck to do . 
  if italy does this and france government wants to send some patrols to their borders is their business but schengen is not going to be suspended . 
  who knows ? 
  the may be outside your house right now !, 
  but maybe it will on the very long run . 
  not publish yet . 
  go learn about the multiplier effect . 
  i am force to tell you the same i tell all polish when discussing your politics , a country that is doing so well ( and has been doing for the past 10 years ) can not have such terrible politicians . 
  not good the other main party in poland is really populist party named law and justice or something close, 
  yes , they did over promise . 
  we still get interest back and we get the added bonus of not creating another crisis . 
  dont know what the rates they are paying but i do know that even when being consider garbage by the main ratings agencies , running a deficit ( it would not be there if not for interest payments ) , and being after a huge recessions , portugal still managed to finance it self in the private markets with a lower interest rate then what imf gave us when we signer the bailout . 
  our goverment will pay in advance our debt to then and save some money with the lower interest rates . 
  and can search and see how many millions countries germany made out of greek debt . 
  in a organisation that has a gdp of trillions . 
  your reaction is reasonable , the current offer from troika to greece most likely is not . 
  the crisis started in 2009 the eu could act in many different ways , the way it choose to deal with greece had a part to play on we needing a bailout . 
  ok , until witch point are you prepared to squeeze your friend ? 
  make him cancel his holidays ? 
  sell is car ? 
  sell is engagement ring ? 
  sell his kids toys ? 
  your answer will depend on how much money you have for yourself and if you need your money back to survive . 
  a bit illogical is your comment . 
  lets see : - the number of people who receive aid from the portuguese food bank has steadily increased since 2006 , from 209,445 to 329,176 in 2011 . 
  - since 2010 , the number of people who benefit from \u201e social insertion income \u201f has been cut from 527,627 to 274,933 . 
  the average monthly amount received by those covered by this programme , which aims to provide support for those most in need , was $ 81.90 in april 2013 . 
  - as part of its bailout from the troika , the government agreed to $ 4.7 bn in cuts to public expenditure by 2014 , 21 with a special emphasis on health care , education and social security . 
  - portugal abruptly reduced spending on education between 2010 and 2012 , by 23 per cent in two years . 
  there is plenty of information about all the bailout , you can see different semester and anual reports about our program in imf , bce and banco de portugal websites . 
  you do not know the true meaning of austerity nor will you ever know , france people would burn their cities down before they would subject themselves to true auterity . 
  thats simply not thruth and many many milions were paid to those banks before the haircut . 
  your analogy is not right , the amount of borrow money to greece increased while at the same time the greeks gradualy saw their income and living standards decreased . 
  the borrow money is being used to pay the last bailouts and interest rates . 
  look at portugal we started our bailout with a debt of 90 % of our gdp and we left with 130 % . 
  to put it simply our overspending rose debt from 60 % to 90 % and the solution for the debt problem made it rise 40 % . 
  this money wasnt invested in structural changes it was used to pay creditors while increasing the amount that we still have left to pay . 
  how do people believe that countries are beneficting from the money borroed in any way ... our poberty levels went back to the 90s ( 20 % of population living under poberty line and 19 % in risk of poberty ) , and we only lost about 13 % of our gdp now compare it to greece that lost 25 % !, 
  the new demands from creditors to greece involve savings that are almost triple of what we plan cuting in the next 4 years . 
  its insane !, 
  we fucked our future for the next 10 years the bailout and austerity did it for the next 30 . 
  more than 90 % of bailout money went to the banking system ( greek and other eu banks ) . 
  its not like the money was distributed to the people , dont undertand why it is so hard to get . 
  greece didnt have money to pay creditors , they got bailout and they paid their creditors . 
  their creditors are not their citizens ( like in japan ) , they are banks and other states . 
  oh you dont really want germoney help . 
  thats because you guys are more similar to northern portuguese than spanish . 
  if your country is with a defice of 3 % or more eu can make goverments re do national budget , if reforms are not made eu can apply sanctions ( mandatory deposits until max 2 % gdp ) . 
  when budget is back on track money is returned . 
  all countries send their national budgets to brussels . 
  the solution was already given germany has to spend more money , consume more , implementing minimal wage was a start . 
  also the saving habbits of germans keep the money they win by exporting inside the country . 
  german banks then use it to loan abroad . 
  better if germans use it to buy more stuff and travel more . 
  tourism is great and helps a tone but it represents like 10 % of our gdp on a good year . 
  i dont see this being much diferent for most south countries . 
  if you dont want to hear the answer dont ask the question . 
  he does enjoy his drink s.
