  not a single person translated the article ? 
  what the hell ? 
  i am assuming it will happen the same that happens in lisbon , nothing . 
  197 comments , 315 upvotes for a title . 
  part of a country in war is enough to allow ukrainians to apply as refugees . 
  do the people have access to free media , so they can be able to better choose ? 
  do the turkish courts treat the same way the ruling party leaders as they would any other turkish citizen ? 
  does the state uses the police to squash manifestations that do not support them ? 
  your point is correct by not being turkish or living there my opinions are reduced in value , but they still have some you should pay attention to them as my main sources are national ones , my media or my country have no skin on the game . 
  a puzzle wont put it self together without some hard work and dedication . 
  but ye the pic is pretty spot on . 
  sorry i am the one to have to tell you in such a public manner , but for the past years your country has slowly ( or maybe not that slowly ) becoming an authoritarian regime . 
  at this point you are a democracy the same way russia is . 
  if they would wait for permission it probably never happen . 
  the restrictions on manifs were put him place to stop arab spring from happening in turkey . 
  at least he is no pro reduction of companies regulations . 
  still better then nicolas sarkozy . 
  you forgot , reduction of central bank and media independence , raids on foreign aid groups , economical stagnation increase of hate crimes and corruption , emigration of qualified workers . 
  if it not illegal is not illegal , now we know , lets not be assholes about it . 
  at some point there is little different between the `` state nation '' version of fascism and communism . 
  their investment on the schools i attended . 
  if you actually call an afghan an economical migrant you either are completely ignorant to what is going on on their country ( so less commenting or more reading pls ) or another xenophobe hiding your inner ugliness from yourself by calling them economical migrants . 
  better not even ask . 
  in their own national universe , each country has a different political spectrum , at an european level their ideals stand close enough to be put under the same socialist umbrella . 
  with the power that comes when you represent millions of european citizens , with the power behind the veto right every member state has independently of their economy size . 
  we may be walking towards an europe that has first and second rate eu citizens , but we are not there yet . 
  the socialist leaders are meeting soon , if renzi or holland step it up we can stop germany on their hypocritical tracks . 
  btw austerity supporters you may notice , that the less austere the austerity program is the better results it provides . 
  is n't even one , one to many for you ? 
  not that surprising since fico the main stream candidate made his campaign based on protection slovakia from outside europe migrants . 
  extreme right party make same points , why not for then instead . 
  dont let ignorance and fear corrupt your vision of the reality we live in . 
  dont forge the pensioners from malta , portugal and ireland , and why stop there , think of the childreen , we have 1 in 4 leaving bellow poverty line , our schools in poorest regions started to have to offer free breakfast , kind of hard to learn with no morning meal . 
  oh ye trump made his success in usa by not catering to their system ... true revolutionary , bringing less regulation , less citizen protection provided by the state and fueling the xenophobic fires . 
  all new things . 
  oh yes dam leftist imposing austerity as a solution , look where that got us ?!, 
  wait a minute it was the conservative epp that has eu parlament majority , and the states ruled by `` center '' right that did it ... btw there is a thing called social democracy in europe , that are not from the left and that do support refuges integration . 
  trump is extreme right and so are you . 
  i heard allot of `` you must '' in this last years but not from leftist mouths ... and the ones that scream louder are the farages and orbans of europe . 
  the worst kind of blindness comes from the ones that refuse to see . 
  edit : forgot marine le pen , another of your quiet idols i am assuming . 
  us is not forcing any european country to follow their example . 
  not every country , pretty much all the same ones make headlines . 
  there are 28 members ... 
  men must be the 4 repost . 
  anyway in one of these reposts we got a guy that claimed he worked with drones , and his point was that the blame is on the way the guy lunched it . 
  ciudadanos are what we would call social democrats ( center right ) ? 
  yeh i guess you are right . 
   he called it an `` absurd situation '' that migrants on the macedonian border are `` protesting and using violence to get from an eu country to a non-eu country '' . 
  if you cage people , giving them low living quality standards , based on what country we are talking about they may be threaded like animals , how do you expect them to behave ? 
  i seen the same report of migrant riot on a greek island , one in my national tv other in uk , both showed the confrontation , the difference was that the uk report showed the fight and moved to on , the pt report showed the fight and followed it by talking to greeek police and one of the migrants fighting , that explained that his pregnant wife his feed once a day and they dont allow them to leave the camp . 
  i would react the exact same way , worst if i had the knowledge about were isis originated and who 's to blame for . 
  nah , my morals were introduced to me by my family members , and they do not change based on who is in government . 
  i dont get podemos , they are being more extreme that the portuguese communist party , i am sure if it comes to new elections they will pay the price . 
  edit : unless the new lider of the socialist party is corrupt , then i get it . 
  haha love it, 
  well , juncker will probably not be here for a second mandate ... 
  he has no say on nato , and lets keep in mind he his just trying to calm down duch voters that again assume the worst from the start about other nationalities . 
  yes because they are some kind of aliens that unlike us do not care about safety , living in a tolerant safe environment and the best for their kids . 
  as you can understand , young +18 males are not priority , families , kids traveling alone and woman are . 
  actually the idea they can pick it is not correct . 
  we can not force them to choose a country , but also they can not pick it . 
  so the choice is travel illegally , stay put or accept the country that was assigned . 
  but yes portugal is not a popular country among ts them . 
  well i guess its not for everyone , and we dont know what are their expectations about living in finland , or living in europe . 
  i would like to read an article questioning them in detail about how they imagine our culture and day to day are before they arrive an see it . 
  same here , our new government just raised the number of vacancies to close to 10.000 plus maybe another 2000 that private institutions volunteer to received and only an handful of refugees arrived . 
  our government blames it on eu bureaucracy . 
  yes we dont have alot of income to go around but we can offer them a fair shoot at integration a safe environment and schooling for their kids . 
  if by right kind of speech you mean a speech that is not based on spreading hate ignorance and fear , that yes you are right !, 
  all islam is anti semitic got it . 
  you try to debate with racists and xenophobes , its not easy men . 
  and is not like they are the type of person open to new ideas . 
  back in early 2000 's we had more than 100.000 ukrainians living and working in portugal , dont know how many are left but ukrainian is the second most spoken language in our kindergartens ( so quite a few stayed ) . 
  experience taught us that ukrainians adapt well and actively look for employment . 
  but i guess why would the dutch try to look for information on how ukrainians adapt if they cast just assume from there high horse . 
  their assumptions on other nationalities worked really well when it came to solve the debt problem of some countries i am sure they wont fail again . 
  how can this be the most up voted comment ? 
  and what you call cameroon ? 
  besides pig fucker of course . 
  for my finance minister to make a choice that implies that there were more than one option , witch is not the case . 
  and dont come and tell me we could just leave the euro , if you think this is an ok way to negotiate i hope you never hold a public office position . 
  it means schauble can impose on my countries policies that will make him popular in germany , and if those policies fail he gets no penalties . 
  austerity was only good for merkel ( and other liders to ) approval rates and little more . 
  the fact that an `` informal '' meeting as so much power it only confirms my point . 
  did n't work so well for our ex prime minister here . 
  did n't he say ireland should n't repeat portugal mistakes ? 
  maybe follow your own advice . 
  i loved how the g20 final declaration about economical recuperation was the opposite of his statement . 
  i think he still is respected in germany but for most of eu countries and the bce he is a varoufakis with less economical knowledge . 
  eurogroup , close doors reunions with no transcripts . 
  no matter how much absurd schauble economical policies are i cant vote him out of office . 
  time for some austerity then . 
  well , eu can not suspend a country membership for being extreme right or extreme left , they can do it when a country breakes some of the core eu values , in the polish case that would be the changes to the way the constitutional court acts , if those changes break court habitability to act and block government laws then that can ( and should ) be seen as an anti democratic action . 
  also extreme right parties tend to base their speech in nationalism ( witch is allowed ) and discrimination against a certain group of people ( not allowed ) . 
  now from this article this is the part that makes pretty clear who he is referring to : `` when the freedom of the media is at stake ... '' it may have escaped me but i think the polish government was the most recent country to literally end public tv independence by changing the law in a way that allows them to directly nominate the tv station directors . 
  also merging the general public prosecutor position with the law minister is a bit shady to say the best . 
  edit : you may enjoy this curiosity but we still have a communist party they had close to 10 % votes . 
  because i said some rough things about poland i want to share a bit more information , so far i lived in wroclaw , sopot , gdynia and poznan , i find that wroclaw was the one i felt less welcome ( i know that it is a young university city very international , but it was my personal experience ) . 
  i speak with many foreign workers and most share my experiences , but again poland provides me with a good quality of live and i feel like most people dont mind me being here .
