  the idea that pis is opposing socialism/communism in poland is crazy . 
  at maximum he is opposing social democracy and liberalism . 
  the idea that pis is opposing socialism/communism in poland is crazy . 
  at maximum he is opposing social democracy and liberalism . 
  it was our fishermen background that gave the initial know how to kick start the discoveries er . 
  we did turn our backs to europe for centuries . 
  what is the vast majority of muslims for you ? 
  amongst the two bigger groups that are many sects . 
  besides , not including muslims leaving on the west they are still spread amongst different continents . 
  from experience i noted that polish christians behave differently from portuguese christians . 
  i doubts that a muslim in iran behaves the same as one in mozambique for example . 
  i am living in poland . 
  that 's such bullshit , implying that muslims can stop attacks by other muslims is delusional . 
  if they see something suspicious they should report it and their obligation 's end there . 
  look , eastern poland is the poorest part , meaning they receive a bigger cut from the eu structural funds , yet unlike the west they have n't prosper so rapidly . 
  government can attenuate the problem but its natural that the border with germany and the rest of eu will receive more private investment then the border with russia . 
  `` recently in a interview , he made a puzzling comment about worsening condition in economy , blaming entrepreneurs `` associated with political opposition '' for stalling business opportunities in poland . '', 
  pis always gives the same excuse . 
  i do n't give a shit you do n't care , we are talking about other humans , you do n't caring is irrelevant . 
  funnily enough this is the type of broad generalization eastern and central european countries populations tend to believe in about other countries or groups . 
  pretty much . 
  its well defined in portuguese law , if facebook operates in portugal it should follow it . 
  because his diversity point is supported from the extreme left to center right ( including christian democrats ) . 
  he simplifies the reality to a child level , `` me good moderate right wing everyone else with a different point is a bad lefty . 
  ca n't be , polish economy allows for some populist sending measures . 
  i doubt any of this was planned or even beneficial for pis . 
  for me it does not , because its a movement with very low support , while extreme right support is rising . 
  its like the small guy doing extra noise to get noticed . 
  also extreme right supporters are causing incident 's all over to , aggressions and insults to minorities mainly . 
  they just seem to have a better organization when it comes to manifestation . 
  yes it it . 
  indeed . 
  ye , they they do n't want to be there and they are not welcomed , in theory poland should share the burden but on the real world it would be a terrible idea . 
  providing relief to low income pensioners that most likely are helping to support their unemployed relatives and not raising vat in the zones particularly affected by the refugees crisis ( lets remember they also are losing tourism revenue ) its not comparable to going out for stake , also they did not found the money , its a primary surplus at the expenses of cuts in the greek social state , cuts made while they are going through a humanitarian and economical crisis that you are unable to understand for some reason . 
  seriously tough how can you have such a narrow view of the world ? 
  you know that germany does not tolerate muslim extremists . 
  same way it does not allow for nazis . 
  how can a state differentiate a muslim from an islamist ? 
  or someone with a very conservative and nationalist opinion from a fascist ? 
  most of the times the state only finds out when the individual takes an action that makes it public , by committing an attack against the group of people they by ideology dislike . 
  a state that punishes an entire group of people because they have belief 's that have some points in common with extremist 's is an unfair state . 
  if i vote in my national socialist party i am to be blamed for the crimes committed by the socialist venezuela government against its people ? 
  hun , you can be a nationalist in germany and support a social state . 
  that is not banned . 
  same way you can a muslim . 
  many unemployed portuguese receive help from their retired parents . 
  i am sure in greece is the same , do n't worry a good part of the money spent on pensioner 's will also go to unemployed people . 
  the napolean invasions are directly related to brazil going from colony to independent country , also they looted our country dry , even today you can go see beautiful palaces that are pretty much empty , all the valuables are in france . 
  remind them that greeks have greece prices , higher then estonians . 
  hope they do n't fuck with tyskie . 
  audio book beautifully narrated precisely on this subject . 
  hopefully to a future with less obesity and diabetes . 
  we are also going to pass a tax on some types of sugary drinks . 
  portugal to . 
  any context ? 
  were they hooligans ? 
  there is still hope . 
  some people refer sarcastically to the portuguese 25 april revolution as one big magic trick that managed to make hundreds of thousands of regime supporters disappear from one day to the other . 
  on this side of the border we also decided to forgive and forget , its not the most just option but in the end is the one that will produce better results for everyone . 
  hun , trying to find more club members . 
  they will do both . 
  ye she was lying , she did n't get assaulted . 
  the dilution of hungarian democratic institutions , the corruption scandals and the overall decrease of transparency when it comes to government actions should be enough motivation to change pm . 
  do you really think so ? 
  he is speaking about state monetary and fiscal policy , namely the state should apply counter cycle policies . 
  yes . 
  you do n't really elect all public official 's in a democracy , you do elect the organs that can nominate them ... 
  what 's rich is merkel simplifying the incredible complex situation that led to the bailouts and the necessary work to implement it as `` each country needs to do his homework '' . 
  attacking the judicial power ? 
  could you try be less scummy ? 
  do n't you see the dangers of your attitude ? 
  christ grandpa , you may have forgotten that all of your rights are a result of hipsters and otherwise protesting for them in the past . 
  not going to accuse the photographer of cheery picking the group ? 
  after all we can see a allot of tents in the background , i am sure they are not all for this small group of kids . 
  good orator ? 
  i heard him more than a few times in the eu parliament , he uses a speech that appeals to the lowest common denominator , never approaches any detail whatever the topic is and when someone quotes some procedure or law to counter his demagogy he just resorts to insult 's , laugh or ignores it and keeps rambling the same arguments like he was n't just proven a liar . 
  the european peoples party does not need refugees to keep the wages down and job market flexible or dynamic like some like to put it . 
  that 's an insulting comparison for one of the parties . 
  ok the explanation is simple this subject has been discussed before many times , the goal is to reduce the incentive for emigrants to cross the mediterranean , thus saving lives . 
  it has been a topic discussed by many leaders . 
  for someone so offended you do n't seen to know what 's going on . 
  14 upvotes , incredible . 
  under the radar ? 
  sure thing . 
  stop it , you know very well the point i was trying to make . 
  its a shame demagogy is not a crime otherwise i would call the police on him . 
  nevertheless , the point i was trying to make was that he does not have enough knowledge to make that statement . 
  my example may be an exception but it should still be taken into consideration . 
  much like nigel farage . 
  thats quite a claim , marrocanians did ok in portugal . 
  you freak . 
  elpais is not even trying anymore ... 
  orban had no problems recycling old enemies he can always go back to bash russia . 
  i would say a good reason was pis hiding most of the crazy away during the campaign and people being tired of civic platform although no polish has ever explained to me why exactly they wanted a change . 
  some of your government actions clash against eu rules or eu values , you will find the same criticism coming from different eu sources if you do n't trust the media . 
  it does not work like this , members can not be kicked out , at best eu can suspend poland voting rights and structural funds . 
  its up to the polish people to decide if they share the same ideals the union does and what type of society they want to live in . 
  not surprised they removed the rule book police had that was meant to help them identify racial or discriminatory crimes . 
  this government has no place having a word in the eu future . 
  it would n't be a loss just one less ignorant fearful xenophobe roaming the streets .
