  no point downvoting me , its important for people to confront and mention their fears , shinning light on them often makes then look smaller . 
  alright , but is there any cases of robbery , rape or vandalism in places where refugees were integrated ? 
  i havent read anything about it . 
  what do they fear exactly ? 
  got to go to a well equipped new school instead of a shitty one . 
  it was part of the bill that woman would have to sign an echography , but it was removed before they submitted it to parlament . 
  playing on the people 's fears ti gain popularity istead of taking the time to educate the electurate into looking at the bigger picture . 
  thats what conservative goverments do best . 
  their growth was inflacionated true , but didnt all come at your expenses . 
  greeks do actually work . 
  wasnt he the one that enginner the original bailout ? 
  it was a total failure . 
  he should been fired earlier . 
  as the hate and resentment grows towards greece the more popular he gets . 
  maybe is better if he leaves and a less conservative minister takes charge . 
  dont see what special about the interview , nothing new and a couple of lies here and there . 
  what is a humanist radical ? 
  german started to confuse economical debate with moral one and dont even realize . 
  it upsets people . 
  germany could take a harder economical stance , no one is calling for war . 
  well i dont think she will burn down ez but i guess we will see . 
  look last month italy rose their debt in 20 something billions , in one month not one bated an eye , greece is a tiny economy that represents what ? 
  2 % of eu gdp . 
  its a political matter , right now only one side has really pushed for their view , its clear that italy and france are not happy whith the current situation , portugal and spain right now are ruled by center right goverments that belong to the same eu party family has germany and enforced and suported austerity themselves , with socialist goverments they will change their narrative and italy and france will step up their retoric and action . 
  calm down . 
  situation is not over , if you break with europe now there no one there to support you . 
  six months elections will come for us and spain , likely socialists will win here , not sure how polls are but from what our media prints spanish are not happy with rajoy and likely a left coalition will take power ( personal opinion ) . 
  tsipras already proved he is no coward he will act then . 
  i know that if you are living in misery this words matter little , but i refuse to believe than the rest of the south and france will allow greece to become a failed state . 
  there is still some east in merkel . 
  yes they should have reformed or at least started to . 
  they didnt thats why when the international crisis started they went down . 
  but since then alot has happen and blaming the greeks for the failure of the bailouts is a very narrow point of view to take . 
  the bailout program requires periodic evaluations before each cash tranfer . 
  the troika had to sign saying that the program was infact being implemented and they did so in every periodic evaluation during the last 5 years . 
  most of the reforms were done in the 90 's if i am not mistaken . 
  you cant compare a austerity done at their own pace during a long period while controlling their own coin , with any of the bailout programs . 
  i went to ask about funds for the erasmus placement program last year with a job offer in my hand , the funds run out even before the first semester was done . 
  greece is not a unique case , our private debt is near 90 % gdp to this you had our public debt and it pass the 200 % of our gdp . 
  we are very very fragile , we keep avoiding one debt clift after the other but it will take very litle for the markets to push us again to another bailout . 
  in 2008 our debt was 71.7 % of gdp for comparasion . 
  not only politicians but entires populations dont see it , that is the problem . 
  during our bailout as the program mistakes were poping up the imf in more than once ocasion admited them , but that didnt mean that they allowed us to fail our targets , what imf says and what they enforce are two different things . 
  i think you guys should totally do it . 
  if you think the bailout program included measures to tackle the social imbalance represented on this graph you really have no clue about what you are talking about . 
  we successfully implemented the program but the gap between rich and poor only increased over here . 
  how you can think that a program based on cuts on the wellfare state , reducion of labor costs and tax breaks for companies as a tool to increase competitiveness can improve this situation is beyond me . 
  `` if they were already applied , why do they need to apply again ? '', 
  because of the way the program was designed . 
  imf lends when no one else does , the cover their back by not forgiven debt . 
  i did read the annual reports from the imf and bce but about portugal bailout , in fact they have allot of bullet points . 
  summaries of all measures taken divided by sectors . 
  it compares what it was done in the last months to the schedule on the program , the reports do not look to much into the overall effect of the measures taken , besides from the in introductory part , their take on the near future and status about the economy . 
  they fail to make logic connections or look back on the past mistakes and adjust future measures , for example they mention the fact that our energy prices for the industry are above the eu average and hurt allot their ability to compete , but they still make us privatise the producer and the distribution network , even though every single state monopoly that was privatised led to a rise in the price for the consumers . 
  the program was done by people that are detached from the actual portuguese economy , to follow the energy example , they made us open the energy sector , call it a free market and turn a public monopoly into a private one , in paper opening a market brings competition but on the reality our market is tiny we are isolated and anyone that wants to enter has to face a multinational company owened by a even larger chinese energy company that already controls the market . 
  the reports do n't mention that our poverty rates are back to the 90 's levels , or that elderly begging is now a thing that exits over here , the reports talk about the decrease on labor costs but do n't talk about the fact that 10 % of workers do not make enough to live above the poverty line ( and believe me its a pretty low line ) , 20 % population living under poverty , 19 % in risk , 50 % young people unemployment , brain drain more tha 400.000 portuguese left the country . 
  i could talk about the reforms that reformed systems that were already reformed in previous governments , they were just done on a different idealogical basis then our creditors believe to be the right one . 
  reports are not reality , have you lived under the greek bailout ? 
  i was talking about the last 5 eyars of austerity . 
  lets try to keep an eye on more than the last 5 months . 
   nobody wants greece to suffer way to late for that . 
  all europe found out . 
  we dont . 
  rather leave euro than allow my country to be rulled by neo liberals . 
  few months ago i would lol at a coment like the one i am making . 
  not sure what my stance about more integration is anymore . 
   `` so , '' varoufakis said , `` what we have is a non-existent group that has the greatest power to determine the lives of europeans . 
  it 's not answerable to anyone , given it does n't exist in law ; no minutes are kept ; and it 's confidential . 
  no citizen ever knows what is said within . 
  these are decisions of almost life and death , and no member has to answer to anybody . '' this is the part that upsets me the most . 
  thats bull shit the greek state can run a primary deficit but it just cant pay his montain of debt . 
  same here btw without interest payments we would not have a deficit . 
  sure lets forget how all this was miss handled since the begining , lets just focus on the last month ... 
   the oppinion of the german population is fairly clear ( and propagated by disgusting papers such as the bild ) . 
  this is what i meant , germany refused to admit that the new greek goverment was right about the fact that the previous bailouts were unsustainable , precisely to apease this type of voters , but like it happen in finland the lack of a decisive solution only made this voters group grow , to a point that they are the majority of the population . 
  so , to not lose votes merkel insisted on further austerity , austerity didnt work , more people get frustaded with greece , merkel is forced to push for more austerity not to lose even more votes , it keeps not working , more people get frustated with greece and so on . 
  5 years ago it would be unpopular to give a bailout without making the greeks suffer , but not enough to end such a popular politic carrer ( i think ) , but now it impossible to do the right thing . 
  i though that merkel would rise above and fight the abismal misinforming that goes on in german media , but she didnt , know is to late anyway . 
  so many lives are being ruined , and the people that are getting affected many of them wont get a second chance to bounce up . 
  i read somewhere that that germans are the people in europe that reads more political/economial news , about 60 % do it on regular bases , the country is developed , the people tolerant and educated how can such a bias conservative media take root ? 
  well , my insight varies from country to country , portugal and spain goverments implemented austerity , their speach was `` there is no other way , its gon na be hard but it must be done '' , both are facing elections in about 6 months , if greece would get a deal that cuts on austerity the populations would ask why didnt they fight europe like greece , they would for sure lose elections . 
  german and finish populations are agains a third bailout , their goverments need to take that in account when negociating . 
  greece cant push their view on all the other members and neither can finland . 
  greece bended alot but so did other contries like italy and france , i am happy they started to have a stronger position . 
  it is pretty clear that countries with a hard stance are taking mostly their internal politics in account , and not the common good.germany backed themselves into a corner , merkel knows it is time to make a deal but now it cant just backtrack . 
  if greece goes out of euro even for 5 years , i can see our left wing starting to ask for the same , we are not attached to the euro and there is already a strong connection between euro and our lack competitiveness , instead of helping euro is a burden and people know it . 
  the coin is not suited for us , it was our mistake to embrace it if people see that its not a requirement for us to stay in eu then i think the majority will want out . 
  in that case finish would payback everything not because of their superior moral code but because the finish bailout was done in a responsible way . 
  moral does not overcome finance . 
  what people need to get is that your cutting everything is in a total different proportion that any of the bailout countries , and even if it was in the same proporcion the negative impact on the citizens would also be quite smaller . 
  the same way that if greek and portugal made the same cuts to the nation helth systems greeks would sufer more because our health system is more robust . 
  finland did the same to portugal , its just their internal politics . 
  good article it shoud get about 50 upvotes . 
  yup this was a mistake , and is coming to bit the ass of those who pushed for it . 
   thru worse austerity-wise thats just not true , poorer countries than greece have implemented austerity but not a stronger one . 
  no poland is backwards, 
  no , join us and bring cyprus to , lets become to big to default !, 
  same has us . 
  good opportunity abroad . 
  you wouldnt believe how fast things moved in the less developed areas , to give you a good example my grandmother and nany didnt know how to read or right , my parents have 10 years of education combined and they started working 12 and 13 , me i doing my master degree and my first job was abroad .
