  it baffles me how you can interpret a positive measure that reduces social tension and prevents further crimes from happening as something negative . 
  the state is taking away your right to discriminate . 
  sad . 
  uk is not alone on this , but i consider the biggest opponent to be the ppe , even f countries like netherlands are happy with the current situation saying so is not very popular and undermines their pro austerity moral stance . 
  but in the european parliament ppe can delay and strike down law after law and no one cares, 
  since you defense minister is creating civil militias for local defence that are not incorporated into the military chain and answer to the defense minister only you pretty much already have a pis military force . 
  hurts me to be paying taxes to pis regime . 
  i expect my state to take care of rehabilitating drug addicts , does not mean i want then in my home . 
  why are you being dense on purpose ? 
  sure sure buddy thats why their are inviting them to their country . 
  i was expecting a report and you gave me a page with 15 names . 
  the questions is why are we not isolating and boycotting the states that actively sponsor terrorism ? 
  i can only came up with economical interests . 
  of course they protect them , as you said , they are potential dangerous , we can not condemn someone for potentially committing a crime . 
  we humans accept moderate risk , otherwise we would not leave home . 
  but when it comes to muslims this rule does not apply . 
  sad, 
  ah the immigration card , of course . 
  people are willing to let go of our humanitarian principles out of fear i am not surprised they will give up their privacy . 
  it worked in portugal , even though we only decriminalized the consumption of all drugs we did not legalize them as most think , the funds used to create the new support infrastructure to treat addicts ( increase the number of social workers , treatment clinics , housing support , tax discounts for companies that hire ex drug addicts , etc ) came from slashing police budget destinated to be spent in our version of the war on drugs . 
  they fail to look at europe to find solutions for problem 's they are facing and we managed to tackle but as soon as right wing populism is increasing they remember it . 
  maybe he should look how netherlands runs their health system , a good match for their problem . 
  well when you say gmos i think usa , as most people will , they are not known for the quality of their food . 
  we are keeping our agricultural related product 's prices artificially high , so the lower food cost argument does not really stick . 
  low income families can afford quality vegetables and meat in eu , they can not in the usa . 
  are n't the concerns related to gmos mostly based on future consequences ? 
  is a 10 year report long enough ? 
  actually the political framework changed , one of the main parties became irrelevant , their government is a brand new party not tainted by corruption . 
  the solutions they apply are the ones imposed , 12 pension cuts and now they asked to apply another one as if this will change anything . 
  furthermore greece as the euro and belongs to a single market its laughable to think its only up to them . 
  eu member states would n't keep pumping money if until now the program 's were n't being implemented . 
  we are talking about pos bailout period . 
  everyone knows and admits the problems that led to the bailout including corruption and populist spending measures . 
  then start demanding for real structural reform 's , cuts across the board and trading state monopolies for private ones at discount prices are not solving anything . 
  what makes you think a 13 th cut on pensions will solve something the other 12 th did n't ? 
  and members state contributions are proportional to their gdp , it 's a fair system . 
  why do you say they are equality valid ? 
  yes yes everyone in the world knows no one works harder then a german conservative . 
  die linke came to portugal to meet bloco de esquerda , they are similar parties . 
  the goal was to study the coalition that support 's our minority socialist government . 
  it rules with the support of the left block , communist party and green party . 
  the coalition its not official as neither of this parties are in the government , they signed a document promising to cooperate and meet on weakly bases to discuss the laws that the socialist government will propose . 
  its an unstable but workable solution , as the smaller parties would pay harshly if they bring down the minority government . 
  treating them as second class human beings works better then any wall , hungary found out the solution !, 
  i expect their new tactic of preventing them from leaving the camps while increasing the waiting period for processing to month 's ( government words not mine ) while starting to forbid journalist from entering the camps will further increase the reduction of refugees/migrants entering eu by land . 
  that publication is shit even for uk standard 's , do you want information or just something that will keep pandering to the opinion you already have, 
  hate was the motive ... 
  if you want to find out what that involves in german law google it . 
  i would guess that germany like portugal for most crimes keeps the victims and the aggressors identities confidential . 
  let me give it a try , seems like someone is pushing some agenda . 
  it will have to come to and end eventually , members dont like to call out other member 's ( unless it gets them votes ) but with the current electoral mood it will be very hard for dutch politician 's to argue against any criticism thrown towards you guys in this particular subject . 
  your intolerance attitude reminds me of certain groups that load our open societies . 
  mmmmm, 
  and sea does not stop them but a wall sure will ... god bless small minded people . 
  no , what she did was to publicly assume the responsibility that germany like other eu members had to receive the refugees applicants that were arriving in other member states . 
  her speech was redundant . 
  edit : also countries in eu are suppose to help out even if they had no role in creating a particular problem in the other corner of europe ... 
  the quotas thing was just a way the eu commission found to help share the burden , like it should be . 
  a bit shortsighted yes but still . 
  do you mean the iberia federal republic ? 
  no , but you seem to have . 
   ially liberal and economically `` left '' . 
  for example in northern ireland sinn fein has tabled motions to legalise gay marriage but it was blocked each ti are they a new party ? 
  the crisis in spain and greece led to new parties being form , parties that managed to become quite relevant and even form goverment , in portugal this did not happen . 
  our nationalist parties are also left wing ( extreme left wing actually ) , the left block and the communist party , but they are both quite hold in our democratic history . 
   fascinating speculations . 
  what about the evidence ? 
  why is asking to shut up the rhetorics and provide hard evidence ( that by the way i 'd like to go straight to hague ) suddenly an unrealistic position , especially when we are talking about relatively advanced nation in the middle of europe and the conflict that is spanning years ? 
  evidence ? 
  the soldiers clearly had to come from somewhere ... its my turn to say come on ... well i guess ukraine as an ok intelligence unit , but capable of overcoming the russian one ? 
  i dont think so . 
  they are barely capable of properly doing counter artillery strikes . 
  the question is do you think the rebels would be able to hold the ukraine army without direct russian involvement ? 
  if you call ukraines refugees you need to do the same for most of the migrants arriving in europe . 
  come on men seriously ... 
  besides no one is denying or making a problem with the influx of ukraine 's to eu , so whats your point ? 
   migrants coming in posing as refugees i am not cool with that neither throwing tantrums because they are n't getting enough money and free food you are over simplifying the subject , many of the camps not only did not provide enough meals , they provided no sanitary conditions or safety for the people living in them for months . 
  we are capable of doing better and you would most likely act in the same way . 
  i know i would . 
  he made it about the colour of the skin not me . 
  i did not browse his comment history before posting , but i did it now and i stand by my comment . 
  really ? 
  have you seen some of the camps that the refugees are stuck in ? 
  how many have died in the sea ? 
  i am generally shocked by the lack of empathy so many eu societies show towards the suffering of the migrants , the ukraine 's , the greeks and my own society . 
  personally i think that yes people in eu care more about the refugees/economical migrants then the war in ukraine but only because it affects them directly not because of their skin colour . 
  thanks for going into more details , this was the type of explanation i was looking for . 
   there were no deaths in crimea , so that clearly has nothing to do with the deadly invasion we 're talking about here . 
  because the ukraine soldiers did not fight back , ukraine government was caught in surprise , the army was in a bad state . 
  but they saw what happened in crimea and decided to act differently when it happened again in easter ukraine . 
  many would call the pile of evidences that already exists palpable proofs . 
  i am sure countries like uk , usa , russia , etc have a military developed enough to in a similar situation be capable of monitoring the border with drones , ukraine does not . 
  the ones they have were provided by the usa and are not very effective . 
  http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2016/12/22/world/drones-u-s-disappoint-ukraine-front-lines/#.wjtsuvkrk00 we can also talk about the miraculous turn of events in 2014 , when the ukraine military almost took donetsk , but soddenly the rebels just turned it around , i guess its common for a rag tag army to suddenly not only increase its ranks in a way capable of pushing back from the brink of defeat but also increase the quality of its fighters . 
  i am sure those aid convoys that came soon after were full of soup cans , btw is russia still sending those on regular bases to help the bathered people of easter ukraine ? 
  http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2014/8/11/ukraine-donetsk-separatists.html https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/aug/22/russian-convoy-crosses-border-ukraine-without-permission obama did not really want to get involved i think this was crystal clear , i wonder even if he had clear proves of russia involvement he would make them public , after all it would force him to do something he did not want . 
  edit : ye ukraine does possess bulk missiles , i realizedd soon after posting and edited my mistake . 
  our defense ministers meet not so long ago , they talked about some deal related to arms industry , we offered to take care of your wounded in one of our military hospitals , but i hopped we could do more , not sending in troops but maybe offer to train some soldiers . 
  you seem to be forgetting those tourists showing up with guns before crimea was annexed , or the plane shoot down or the other fucking million of evidences of russia involvement . 
  one of my favourites russia changing legislation to hide the increasing numbers of dead russian soldiers in ukraine .
