  i thought that we having implemented the program and paid our pond of flesh , people would be more willing to give us a break . 
  whats the point of coming out with other plans if it was clear it was the german way or the highway . 
  ye german is not so free market economy as germans think ... 
  your state intervenes as much as most , your labor legislation is very protective of workers rights and germany always pushed for consumer goods regulations . 
  german conservative economic attitude only applies to others . 
  mmmm . . maybe my view is skewed because my father and all its family have blue eyes but i dont think having blue eyes is so rare in portugal , and i live in poland so i have some comparison bases . 
  anyway our biggest emigrant community are from ukraine , i am curious to see this map in a few years . 
  inform yourself , ireland bailout was the least austere and therefore the most successful . 
  see the connection ? 
  well i would n't go so far just because education is widely available and its mandatory until a certain point , two things do not happen in usa , we are a bit better . 
  no they would n't didnt read once anyone clamming the majority were unaccompanied children . 
  he came away with more then most expected . 
  some people will always leave but their research and publications stay in your universities . 
  we have many outside eu students in our universities to , they come from our ex colonies ( probably same for netherlands ) , the state does not win much with this programs but we see it as reparations for the damages we caused and a way to establish new ties with our ex colonies . 
  lol r/europe where a protest against racism gets shitted on . 
  you know netherlands is one of the countries that provide more incentives to foreigners with university degrees to come and live in your country and just keep studying , the salaries you offer for foreigners taking a phd or master degrees are pretty generous . 
  if you have the disposable income its a great way for a country to import brains . 
  its funny when you take in consideration the economy minister went from being the most relevant before 2008 to one of the least now . 
  they did it in the pass therefore they can . 
  like we are doing with saudi arabia ? 
  or turkey ? 
  ye you clearly have n't been paying attention to what the labor reforms imposed by eu were and their results . 
  also you are assuming that all conservatives in eu are like the british , when for an example a big chunk of mep conservatives are social democrats more aligned with the labor party than the conservative party . 
  never heard that theory and never notice that difference in portugal , but it does make some sense , as woman often think more of the community while men are more individualistic . 
  `` we have a saying ` start like a turk and end like a german . 
  but here it is the other way round . 
  ' '' lol, 
  well if you are brazilian come to portugal with a tourist visa , get a job while you have permission to stay , after your visa expires go to state office ( dont remember witch ) tell then your situation , you will be requires to pay a fine but because you have a job they will issue a new visa . 
  you wont be able to emmigrate to other countries for a long while but its a way to leave south america and with your skills you can get a job in portugal . 
  the info i am providing is not very detailed but you can google details or try to speak with br expats in portugal . 
  can you get uniforms for the people collecting tickets at metro entrances they look like thugs . 
  i think there actually is a high chance for this to happen . 
  this . 
  yup i know , thats why i mentioned be change of attitude , its recent so lets see what the party becomes in the near future . 
  podemos represents everything i dislike about extreme left , they could learn from syrisa inicial posture and bloco de esquerda change of attitude . 
  if you are going to intervene dont invade a country without a solid plan to put it back together . 
  doing something with the pretense of helping someone else when you are more worry about helping yourself is wrong . 
  polish some people take offence when i speak english in poland , they must really be proud of their language . 
  lol this is not polish media men . 
  what ? 
  is n't europe ruled by intolerant extreme lefties that persecute anyone that has different opinions ? 
  allot of people hope it does but no one seriously expect it to happen . 
  `` which actively targets people for diagreeing , and has gotten very efficient at hurting people . '', 
  give one example, 
  social democrats in portugal and eu parliament belong to center right , not left . 
  but i suppose that in a country more to the right social democrats could be considered left . 
  well the commission is not inclined to pass a fine and the voices that ask for them ( epp ) are just pandering to their voters , not sure how much of a big deal they are willing to make . 
  there is a reason why small countries have veto power on important issues , and even though bigger country had more influence it was understood that for eu to work it could n't be totally obvious it was this way , but now no one gives a shit anymore . 
  its just one more problem . 
  lol sure compare protest caused by labor law reforms to protests caused by a goverment ignoring the constitutional court . 
  yes that is basically want eu wants germany to do , establishing minimal wage and planning to rebuild public infrastructure are good ways to do it . 
  maybe if the south was more like rest of europe and we had far right parties raising everywhere and taking power the situation would be fixed by now . 
  like anyone need the polish goverment to cut a florets to have arguments to attack it . 
  we been doing temporary arrangements for years now ... 
  oh i see your bookshop , pretty nice most beautiful in the world ? dont think so : http://www.livrarialello.pt/en/home/galeria, 
  `` it would be absurd to discuss measures aimed at artificially weakening germany 's competitiveness in order to reduce current account surpluses vis-a-vis the other euro-area countries . '', 
  do you mean as absurd as taking measures that sharply reduce your gdp as you increase your debt ? 
  and how far right parties often defend the same social protection that socialists/left parties do . 
  for portugal it makes little difference as we already have a restricted version of free speech , but for countries that do not this is the type of thing that bolsters anti eu supporters , this kind of decision should be made at national levels . 
  cool , now start to import more pls . 
  it does not hurt to try but we taling about a goverment that ignores the constitutional court i dont think a petition will do it . 
  not enough kids riding bikes !, 
  no last time i read a breakdown there were more men , followed by children then woman . 
  but of corse if a jornalist rather report in a camp that has 40 % children inside then one that has 10 % its understandable even if questionable . 
  a bit but not so much , its their language as much as ours , its ok to have portuguese followed by a brazilian flag . 
  what you mean by today ? 
  nationalistic = racist precisely because of their actions in the past , also there are allot of them right now that are pretty xenophobic , its not like they even try to hide it . 
  i wonder if we can issue a voting band of both poland and hungary at the same time , giving these cronies no chance to protect each other . 
  camon second week i was in poland i made a small presentation of poland political parties to present at school and it was pretty clear just by reading the parti wiki article what they are like ... sure they hid allot of crazies during campaign , but they did no hide what they stand for , and poland new president got elected even after saying to pretty crazy stuff . 
  i think jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski is kinda of a shady character and a evil men , there are allot of topics that cause polemics in poland right now , but the one that most amazes me is having a guy that defines everything law and justice does and by consequence the decisions the goverment and president take and he is not even a public official . 
  we import it , probably from spain . 
  cant disagree , i was not talking on the broad sense but about the individual behavior . 
  `` can you name a single party you consider ` left ' that is openly skeptical of mass immigration ? '', 
  i can not , but the left parties rarely speak about multiculturalism nowadays that was used more to push for eu integration , when referring to the refugee problem they speak about human rights that is their main point . 
  `` perhaps i reduce the left to immigration , because that 's what the left-leaning media does to the immigration skeptics : any party opposed to immigration is ` far right , ' no matter their stand on social services , welfare safety net , etc. 
  etc. '', 
  ye men i get it , but we should try to meet on the middle , same way some left leaning media pushes to hard against anti-immigration supporters the same people start to diabolize left supporters . 
  from what i know we are not doing so well , one of the biggest gaps in salary between men and woman in eu . 
  by internationalists you mean the liberal democrats and cristian democrats ( the biggest party family in eu parliament ) . 
  so you have the left and the right pushing for multicultural/multiethnic europe , and the extreme right pushing back . 
  i know it sucks for most anti refugees reditors that the right is on the same side of the left , because it means you guys belong or sympathize with the extreme right , but those are the facts , deal with them and stop kicking a dead horse ( the left ) attributing it some huge power that they do not have . 
  i disagree , i think they care little about human rights precisely because they are poor and desolate . 
  first you need to have your basic needs provided , then you start caring about those around you . 
  and asia , africa , south america , pretty much any poor region really . 
  but sure muslims are bad we get it . 
  cronies using religion to subdue their populations you can see this happening in a couple of countries in eu to . 
  we did n't reform the euro after it was clear many countries were stagnating from 2000 to 2009 , we did n't act to prevent the refugee crisis when millions were being displaced and running to neighbors countries , and we will not start acting against extremism be it religions our national until its a real problem . 
  for me the main problem with eu is how slow they react , only after crisis starts eu starts to think how to solve it . 
  `` the core of the pathological dishonesty of the modern ( morally and intellectually bankrupt ) left is to never , never , never give their opponents arguments a fair hearing ; '' what left are you talking about ? 
  seriously in what way is the left ( socialist party and green party ) ruling or defining the route germany is taking ? 
  that description fits very well if you were describing parties like ukip or national front , but the left ? 
  what socialist leader or party is having this discourse ? 
  and why are you reducing the left to their migration policies , how about their opinions about the social state ( education , health , pensions , environment , etc ) . 
  edit : downvotes but not answers . 
  is n't romania doing well ? 
  i had the idea you guys were doing a good job fighting corruption and implemented economical reforms . 
  you know both of your main parties are pretty socialist , they may not use that word for obvious reasons , but their policies on education , agriculture , health and the role the state plays on the economy are socialist . 
  the thing is we can not go back , refugees or no refugees this populists and nationalists are still here , be it burning refugee temporary houses or pushing for insane bailout programs on countries they know nothing about , presenting their opinions with a certainty not based on economy has a science but on stereotypes . 
  some of this people come from countries where the conditions of living are pretty sweet , i wonder what would happen to germany if they went through 1/5 of what the greeks are suffering , apparently having lower interest ratings on their savings is enough to fuel the rise a new far right party . 
  why would n't they , his tactic to face eurogroup failed but his points are still right .
