  we really need to restart and pick up on the time lost . 
  and the greek minister , our greek colleague , was i think convinced there was a joint interest for all of us to keep this on track . 
  it has very much to do with trust , trust of course between us , trust in the imf ... but also trust from the outside world in greece and the greek economy , '' dijsselbloem said during a press conference after the meeting . 
  `` summer is over '' , you dick . 
  greece spent the summer dealing with the refugees crisis and their overall destroyed economy and you start your commentary by basically implying the greeks just spent it lazying around . 
  this union ... 
  `` so how exactly is the eu run by ` the left ' ? '', 
  look if the eu is ruled by the right , then people that dont agree with what is happening belong to the extreme right , this is something they can not admit , so they just make up their own little world where they are just right wing moderates and eu is ruled by the lefties . 
  the main difference is that nationalism on the west is rising but on the east is already ruling a few countries . 
  ever wonder why bailouts were done so poorly ? 
  because of this guy right here . 
  well you can look at poland as an example , if a country lives trough a long period of economical growth people tend to take it as their new reality and their priorities shift to other subjects . 
  nothing to new about this . 
  leaders of south europe countries are meeting to establish common grounds for a block in greece pretty soon . 
  not sure if it will turn into something , lets see . 
  no its not fair , but i saw you doing exactly what some british do when presented with this cases , they get defensive , ignore them and refuse to see what is going on . 
  even if this case , and the portuguese student case were not hate crimes , both countries have problems in this aspect and they should not be ignored . 
  the right to feel safe is a cornerstone of our societies , and nationality should not be a factor of unsafety . 
  i agree with your point , i remember sharing a flat in gdynia with 3 polish guys , a dock worker and two merchant sailors , one official and the other studying to become one . 
  the dock worker clearly was not happy with presence and made 0 effort to bond or establish any kind of relationship besides being passive aggressive but i became friends with the other two . 
  one particular conversation stuck with me , we were talking about diversity in terms on race , one of them says to me , `` i work allot with black people when we dock in african countries , they are helpful and share their local food with us , i have no problem working with blacks , but if i see one of them dating a polish girl it makes my blood boil '' . 
  he understood his sentiment was not reasonable because he met allot of black people and found out the color of skin has 0 effect on what type of person they are , but yet he still had it . 
  of course i went how about you dating hot black girls , he laughed and said had nothing against that . 
  he was clearly conflicted , and he saw his hypocrisy . 
  he was a really good person always kind and generous towards me , his comment didnt made me think less of him , it was clear that the fact his job required him to mix with allot of different people made him a more tolerant person than he was before , it his likely that when he raises his kids they will be more tolerant then he is . 
  he like me is a product of the surrounding environment . 
  my comment was a bit bitter because this sub is full of polish nationals that 1 ) take offence at any criticism made towards poland , get defensive and refuse to see the reality and 2 ) some of them do see the situation and simply do not consider it a problem , rather see it as stock up westerners enforcing their values on them . 
  in open broadcast we have 2 public channels and 2 private channels . 
  oh shut up , both main parties are corrupt and pp just boosted the economy by applying expansive fiscal policies last year , making spain reach a 5 % deficit , and then has the face to say it was the austerity measures that led the economy to growth . 
  at this point there is little difference between both parties , with the exception that pp manages to somehow be even more corrupt then the socialist party . 
  rajoy is holding to power with his life , because he knows he will have to face justice for his crimes after he leaves the goverment . 
  save your political fanaticism to yourself . 
  oh yes because when a erasmus arrives in poland and its his first night out what he wants is to make up story and have to be involved in an internal army investigation . 
  his mistake was not knowing what country he was in , and more particularly what region . 
  oh lets , polish society has racial problems , black people are a no no in the entire east of the country and rural areas of the west , homosexuals are also a no no , what else oh yes muslims its 2016 and you can deal with the concept of freedom of religion . 
  mediocre politician but you can fake the type of affection he shows to the people . 
  by all accounts great university teacher . 
   they may not have time to go after all of them , but i bet you they are willing . 
  if ec does not have enough people , they should hired one , even if it requires more contributions from member states , i want to see what head of state will disagree with it . 
  so , what does that have to do with us ? 
   it 's infuriating to watch now imagine your self as an economy graduate in one of the countries that receive a bailout . 
  its a struggle to keep supporting the eu project . 
  banks are vital !, 
  but it was the other way around pensioners , homeowners , small businesses and tax payers saved the banks . 
  we allow them to do what they pleased and the result is what everyone saw and keeps seeing . 
  my comment was to broad so i edited it . 
  just like any other member we pay our quota and abdicate of part of our sovereignty to be in eu . 
  i am asking for some rationality when applying economic policies , that 's it . 
  we were going to suffer penalties because we followed the solution that was presented to us , and the results were catastrophic . 
  i am suppose to be grateful for this ? 
  german commissar argued for the fines btw . 
  dont be naive they were not doing any favors to portugal , they were just doing their part to help spain form a conservative goverment . 
  they voted for a end to austerity , as it was not working and the negative impacts far surpass the positive ones . 
  there are other alternatives , the majority of eu members decided to ignore their vote and keep pushing for the same solution . 
  they did not vote for a default or to leave the euro . 
  as a member state we have the choice to at least try to shape eu according to what we think its best , we do it using eu internal channels and international diplomacy , like member states should . 
  edit : also eu encompasses allot of countries , organizations and political parties , not all eu is waiting to bully portugal but some elements take any chance they can to apply pressure in our goverment . 
  thats not what they voted for , majority of greeks wanted to keep the euro . 
  the population did not want it . 
  people only act in a rational way in economic models in the reality things are different . 
  taking in account we are a southern country with a center left goverment supported by extreme left trying to apply as best as they can expansionary fiscal policies , i say we are next on the line . 
  no it still has problems , but we did save a lot of banks . 
  do n't know about france , but we are also a secular state and its a result of the heavy left wing mood our country lived after we took down are semi fascists dictator . 
  please understand that intolerance breeds intolerance . 
  i am in poland for bit more then two years , since then i have lived in poznan , wroclaw , sopot and gdynia , believe me when i say you dont need to tell me that most poles just want to have a normal live . 
  but you should be aware that the polish society does have an homophobic problem , and even though i feel integrated i am just a white heterosexual dude working and contributing for the system . 
  the only was i would be easier to integrate is if i was from ukraine : p . if i was not white i imagine i would have a completely difference views about poland . 
  congratz on your urban transportation system and police btw , i feel polish people dont appreciate their good work enough . 
  caving to their demand or pandering it only makes it stronger . 
  you can see the uk , hungary , poland , france examples . 
  when the police force a woman to take her burkini off people around it feel legitimise to shout insults and tell other french nationals to leave their own country . 
  addressing the problems and communicating with people that follow this ideology are ways to fight it . 
  i see the national sovereignty issue being brought up mostly by extreme left parties in the south of europe . 
  the extreme right cause on france , germany and the east are based on immigrants , do n't fool yourself . 
  he only fucked up because he brought economy into a game about politics . 
  he lost from the beginning . 
  ca n't blame him though , he was right ad though that was enough . 
  oh ye its the elites that harass homosexuals in poland , not the common hill billy , hooligan and religion type . 
  well i am tired of this fake we all on the same side attitude eu has anyway , let eastern europe present their reasoning to be against and italy can answer them . 
  if easter europe motivation is we are poor , they are lazy let them implement destructive policies so we dont have to explain basic economics to our voters , them so be it . 
  maybe they are japanese , last time i dared to speak in english in japonese server i was showered with insults . 
  they called me a monkey : (, 
  wait until they find out about reddit ... 
  that 's funny as your comment is quite retarded as well . 
  please do n't haver attribute another darwin award . 
  there are people out there that claim that islamophobia its not a thing , people claim all matter of nonsense - in regards to that link , prison systems segregate pedophiles because they are a targeted group by other inmates if muslim inmates start to be targeted then they should be protected by the state . 
  criminals have their rights reduced not abolished . 
  islam does n't let anything , people let 12 year old blow themselves up . 
  its no an entity , people make their own decisions and find what justifications suit them . 
  no , i would only defend kicking a country out if they become a phony democracy and their governments stop enforcing the basic ideals that stand behind a liberal democracy . 
  you can get by if you dont speak polish , allot of people do speak english . 
  poland is a conservative country in many aspects , if this bothers you stick to the big cities in the west of the country . 
  if you have a darker tone of skin i would n't really recommend it . 
  this , you just forgot to mention that the relatively lower wages allow for a quite nice quality of life your are young . 
  also their urban transportation is pretty sweet and cheap , got ta love flat cities . 
  collaborating how ? 
  it just seems that two really different groups defending the same topic for reasons that are not connected . 
  radical left enforcing their political ideology and industrialist wanting cheap labor . 
  phoney democracies tend to stick together . 
  by , and btw taking in account how this conversation started that pic is quite relevant , even if i used to poke you .
