  my region has the lowest income in portugal so for many years we got the bigest shunk of funds related to education invested here , i am pretty sure i wouldnt be able to avoid a live similar to the ones my parents had if not for eu . 
  this subreddit should know that not all eu funds are wasted . 
  not surprised , one just needs to look at the comments in this sub reddit to see things are not going to work out for the better . 
  how can such well educated populations eat all the shit their bias media feeds to them . 
  i think it is important we separate the pre bailout , where everyone including the current and pass govermant admited that it was their fault ( ofcorse with the level of integration we have in eu its not just their fault ) and the post bailout . 
  the time does n't go back , their mistakes are made , we can look at the post bailout and the only conclusion is that the program didnt work , more of the same will only make it worse . 
  if we dont mencion the greek past as often is because it has been talked to infinity in the past years and there is no new conclusions to be made . 
  and the way to reduce tax evasion is by increasing taxes and reducing the income ? 
  we are talking about finding a solution that fix greece right ? 
  or just pointing out their problems ? 
  if you must believe in something believe this , we left our bailout without going under despite the troika and the euro not because of them . 
  besides there is no way we would continue to apply austerity if the negative consequences were as bad in greece . 
  i really dont think any country could do it . 
  what do you call the bailout program that greece had the last years ? 
  it should be the definition of economic suicide . 
  dont be blind . 
  forgot the finger episode already ? 
  i am dating and living together with some one from a different nationality for more than one year , any problems we have are caused by the fact we are two different persons and sometimes our opinions are not compatible , our nationalities are just a part of our personality but far from being the cause . 
  i believe so , but only if it is done according to the europe he invisions ( and worked for ) , if it is n't done his way i dont think he is pro europe . 
  in documentary about germany , i saw bavarians rip on other german regions for not be able to sustein their live style and basicly living of their hard work . 
  if they dont try to understand the problems in other regions inside their own country i doubt they will try to understand south of europe problems . 
  very litle can be done to change their minds . 
  but our turn to run europe is arriving , italy and greece embraced a new generation of politicians , little by little other countries will follow . 
  wolfgang sch\u00e4uble and others with his mindset will die out , and any damage done by them will be forgotten and forgiven . 
  german dodc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ksmbqnapgo, 
  what people find in erasmus is that after two weeks the nationalities just dont matter anymore . 
  young people get along no matter where they come from . 
  erasmus is reducing the nationalism that plagues europe one semester at the time . 
  take in account cost of living . 
  thank you bulgaria . 
  do you have stats about how much do they contribute ? 
  no you are not but this is a union that respects human rights , and does not send people back to die . 
  them are the rules . 
  lol . 
  the most leftist in usa would be right wing in almost all eu countries . 
  i wish finland had oposed us getting in the euro zone . 
  we were doing do well on the 90 's ( talking only about growth we were much worse in everything else ) . 
  if you said that you never lived in poland . 
  no point rejecting the thruth wont do any one any favors . 
  seriously you guys are downvoting this submission ? 
  well there are places in europe were they can settle integrate and have a normal life , but these are not necessarly the richest countries , that is were they tend to go . 
  laugh it was intended to be funny . 
  because in other parts of europe they have been settling for a long time and doing just fine . 
  a country can actually buy debt to pay debt and in the end have less debt . 
  get it ? 
  we do it all the time . 
  when the v man shows germoney the finger , national outrage , spy scandal some people care for a couple of days . 
  here we dont turn off the micro we reduce their party overall speach time for the debate . 
  impressive . 
  we are a union of 500 million citizens ... 
  what you talking about ? 
  there is alot of immigration in \u00c1sia , alot alot . 
  you just need to mencion immigration for a nationalist right winger to shut down is scared litle brain and upvote . 
  shenmue 3 made 4 millions in 24 hours , wonder how much this one did . 
  govermant says its all alright we have a debt pillow of 15 bilions euros that should cover our financial needs for about one year if we lose market acess . 
  govermant knows that eu cant let us fall or it would be giving the greek goverment reason . 
  public opinion about portugal is good , everyone and their mother on eurogroup has at one point or other complemented our hardwork , if needed i am sure help will be given without asking for more austerity . 
  no special goverment or parlament reunion took place . 
  god fucking dam it . 
  most negative laws always come from the council . 
  didnt see that one . 
  schauble is not pretending to be a bad cop . 
  well the thing is we spent the last 10 years changing people minds about fiscal evasion ( in the 90 's people would brag about it to friends at the coffe place when they manage to scam the state in any way ) , throwing garbage to the floor , abandoning pets , driving like insane people , and a tone of other shit you would think you will find in a poor south country . 
  i shit you not people now ask for recipts whenever they dont get one . 
  i think the bailout kinda of worked because we already started reforming some things a while ago , if not we wouldnt manage to do it . 
  i dont think merkel said a word since referendun was announced . 
  its her mo to wait and see . 
  i seen many speaches from different menbers of the troika and i seen the impact of the bailout if not for this i would believe juncker . 
  hard to collect taxes with a high unemplyment numbers . 
  well luckely there are 420 m more eu citizens . 
  lived over their means . 
  maybe if we all try we can find a way to resume the situation to 3 or less words !, 
  much smaller scale . 
  about 1 % of total menber states gdp . 
  and eu should and is helping them . 
  well turkey is year after year becoming less domocratic . 
  true ... there isent one fucking elected leader fighting the amount of miss information going arround . 
  they are actually exploring it . 
  good point . 
  i never thought that the fact we have lower salaries and lower live expectations than the greeks helped us some how to deal better with the austerity . 
  even if only helped a bit . 
  half ... sure . 
  this should have more votes . 
  `` center-right to right just adores him '' makes sence . 
  dont know if it was a mod . 
  he just made an ironic comment how islam is a religion of peace . 
  is schauble a popular politician on germany or he is just there to assure votes from some minority voters group ? 
  the article writting was to bias . 
  almost same lvl of writting that we find on rt. 
  as much as any other . 
  that and we have been tackling some of the issues we had ( like fiscal evasion ) for many years now . 
  and our economy is more exported oriented than greece . 
  i think germany problem is your media , such a reasonable population should demand news with better quality . 
  also it would n't hurt eu if germany had a decent socialist party . 
  i dont think merkel is a evil leader ( like that idiot cameron ) but i do hate her a litle for not taking the time to explain to the german people how things really are and kill for good a bunch of misunderstandings . 
  we are talking about the lives of millions of people . 
  and germany did bend to russia more than one time , why not do it for her partners to . 
  well germany should be able to bend , or eu wont work . 
  this wont be the last crisis eu faces . 
  the last 5 years of reforms didnt work so what would the goverment do ?
