  men its kind of how europe union works , for some countries there is an immediate gain when they join others it will take lots of time and investment before they can become net contributors . 
  now if netherlands does not what to make the investment as a sovereign nation its totally fine but it does not fit on the way eu is meant to work . 
  i think netherlands government should actively fight for a eu change , so we can get to a conclusion and your citizens can decide if they want to be in or out . 
  dont even get me started on the cyclists . 
  do they at least sell real drugs ? 
  lisbon is full of nationals from morocco selling fake drugs . 
  now ? 
  hate speech has been forbidden in many countries for a long time , the difference is that when this laws were made they were targeting paper publications , organisations and public rallies now since its 2016 they are moving online . 
  and what that hell does being politely correct or incorrect as to do with hate speech ? 
  oh yes it was , the idea that spread around that greeks are lazy and justified their bailout punishment and all the negative effects that came with it, 
  not everyone is familiar with polish politics and some of us come from secular states where the idea of politicians speaking about religion or on how it influences there political decisions is quite unusual , so the article has a point to exist . 
  ye i did , there are nutjobs that believe in the most absurd shit . 
  still my post was more meant to point out that we should n't use lunatics believes to whitewash the true involvement of the west in the clusterfuck that the middle east is . 
  oh camon us has and hand on it , if not only by deciding to dissolve the iraq army and putting hundreds of thousands of soldiers without a job , there is a reason why isis started in iraq and why since the begining they could coordinate large scale operations combining heavy armor . 
  also they destabilized the region without having a plan to reconstruct it . 
  if after second world war usa did n't invest on rebuilding europe what do you think would happen ? 
  i worked in one of this foreign offices , previously they were in detroit usa , we were handling the company operations for asian and south american markets . 
  even if they evade taxes they were still employing directly little more then 1000 employees , renting the office space and then this people need to eat , the office needs cleaning , security further supporting local business . 
  companies may escape taxes , employees dont . 
  about 200 off this employees were foreigners , people whose mother states invested large amounts of money for their education and that came to poland . 
  its basically how a debate works . 
  then you should rethink your attitude about eu . 
  lol there are plenty that do , is how eu works . 
  yes must suck to have international companies opening business all over poland . 
  we cant , sanctions against members need to be approved by all member states , hungary already said they wont do it . 
  not how eu works . 
  what is it then ? 
  when someone judges millions by the actions of thousands ? 
  what can be the justification to assume that all followers of a religion believe in the same exact ideology and behave the same . 
  crist lets compare two countries on the same continent that follow roman christianity , portugal and poland , both countries have a large part of the population that has this believe yet the way they practice is vastly different more then that the social behavior and habits are also different . 
  if portugal becomes a dictatorship strongly influenced by christianity hardcore believes and starts locking up and execution homosexuals are the polish christians suppose to be blamed to ? 
  or even apologize for the behavior of people in other country ? 
  religion is just a factor the way people practice it and interpret it depends on so many other variables . 
  people refuse to understand it or even to inform themselves besides the news sources that cater to their already formed opinions . 
  azores gets money both from the eu and portuguese state to compensate for the isolation . 
  no is not exaggerated , some situations dont clearly have right or wrong . 
  in this case this associations dont agree with the turkish deal so they dont to be part of it , does n't mean they will stop helping people at all but also they are not making any favors to the refuges by reducing the support provided . 
  i dont know what to say , my comment was more directed to the responses i saw here than the news itself . 
  i wish i did n't read this comments , despicable , now ngos are the enemy and part of the problem . 
  people that work day to day with this refugees , instead of listening to them we should banned like russia did . 
  are there no limits to what fear will make people say and do ? 
  when your views are similar to the ones far right has , everything to your left is far left . 
  most people here say europe is dominated by the left when in fact the eu parliament and most countries governments belong to the epp ( mostly social democrats and christian democrats ) . 
  we should not laugh to much about lobbies , their use is getting pretty popular in brussels . 
  lol my statments are about problems that are well known , furthermore the solutions for the problems are also well known . 
  well the pile is still much smaller than your gun violence , deaths related to obesity , drug overdoses and so on . 
  is trump worried about addressing this issues ? 
  ofcorse not it would require recognizing that usa has alot of problems , caused by american citizens and american systems and that is not popular . 
  but sure lock out all the mexicans that should make america great , what ever that means . 
  oh i forgot your maternity clinics shootings , maybe you should start patrolling christian rednecks neighborhoods . 
  `` the issue of immigration-related crime plays an important role in the political debate in european countries . 
  [ 51 ] a 2015 study found that the increase in immigration flows into western european countries that took place in the 2000s did `` not affect crime victimization , but it is associated with an increase in the fear of crime , the latter being consistently and positively correlated with the natives ' unfavourable attitude toward immigrants '' you missed this part , quite relevant for the actual discussion . 
  `` a 2014 study of the random dispersal of refugee immigrants over the period 1986-1998 , and focusing on the immigrant children who underwent this random assignment before the age of 15 , suggests that exposure to neighbourhood crime increases individual crime propensity '' no were religion is mentioned , you added it . 
  you know why religion is not included ? 
  because the same morocco emigrants also went to other countries , like mine and spain and yet they are not associated to sexual assaults cases . 
  you see our morocco emigrants are just as muslim as the one in denmark . 
  by using the information on your link , the explanation why morocco emigrants have high crime in denmark but not in portugal , is because in denmark they are concentrated in low income , high crime rates neighborhoods but in portugal they are spreaded ( also helping with integration ) . 
  but this communities tend to get worst on their second and third generation , if their country of origin cultures was the main problem then it should be the other way around . 
  you have to look at other factors . 
  - family income - education of parents - how many work hours the parents work per week and how many hours kids spend alone - crime rate on local neighborhood . 
  not in ireland , greece and spain . 
  because i lived in more then one western countries and i know . 
  and that doc confirms its . 
  west european countries concerns are splitted . 
  sure , it is a factor , mostly because it means that they will be allays in a disadvantage , either because of their linguistic skills or because they dont have such a strong family support to help them out when ruff times come . 
  again factors that lead to criminality : - family income - education of parents - how many work hours the parents work per week and how many hours kids spend alone - crime rate on local neighborhood all factors that migrant kids are faced and that help explaining the problems their face . 
  you are the one selectively giving more importance to factors that you are predisposed to believe in . 
  i live in poland , and i feel safer in polish big city then most portuguese ones , but it is mostly because they have a lot of police in the streets , alot alot . 
  and they may not be rich but their country has been growing for the last 15 years ... 
  stop electing conservative parties , that should help . 
  if your concerns are education and health pick a party that has the same ones . 
  not true , at all ... 
  is there any difference between a poor degraded social neighborhood full of emigrants or one full of nationals ? 
  they are both dangerous places to be . 
  lets not focus on the foreign part but on the social/economical difficulties , those are the relevant factors that lead to criminality . 
  the only thing dying is liberal democracy and social/economical development in hungary , and orban is the one killing it . 
  orban always is protecting hungary from possible future dangers but never improving citizens quality of live in the present . 
   while planning to contribute nothing . 
  and you know this how ? 
  they already took rose from us and call it their drink , now they are going for whisky . 
  so because there are so many people displaced we should reduce the help we provide . 
  insane is to generalize traits among millions of people and claim eu can not absorb the current number of migrants looking to settle . 
  i use politco and i didnt notice them trying to pass any special ideology . 
  it depends on the topic and writer . 
  by right candidates you mean , parties that defend liberal democracy ( a requirement for a country to belong to eu ) . 
  well i can say the same about eastern opinion in relation to how you view southern countries . 
  the reasons are mostly western dont really know east and east does n't know south . 
  if you want to stop hating the west try to visit it , living in central europe and visiting the east enforced some of the views i had , but also made me understand that if you guys act in a different way is because your history is different not just because you are worst people . 
  the other leaders state their opinions , nothing we can do if your media chooses not to report about it . 
  its already here . 
  the only thing they want is visa free travel , plus if they can announce that their application is moving forward its also a win ( even if they dont actually want to join ), 
  the russians and the dangerous eu extreme leftists are behind this attack on poland . 
  there is plenty of double and triple standards on eu . 
  but there is a difference into being the first country to do something like building fencers or being the third , forth , fifth , etc. 
  after the social damages of the austerity program they should allow us to present a 3.0 defict , not demand a 2.2 one . 
  its insane , impoverish the country , lower the salaries reducing the amount the state collects and at same time shrinking the economy and increasing unemployment and the money the state has to pay in benefits . 
  how about allowing us to push economical growth reducing unemployment , increasing contributions . 
  the only way we have a chance at paying our debt is decreasing debt/gdp ratio , and we do that by increasing gdp . 
   but if i was in a room with random nationalities , i likely would n't care more for other europeans . 
  circlejerking aside , i really do consider myself if you were in room with other nationalities around your age you would n't care about their nationalities at all , if there were attractive people you would care about sleeping with them , if they were people that like same books , sports or movies you would care to discuss them and so on .
