  hopefully one day there will a pact of mediterranean countries . 
  there was a europe union before the east expansion , it should be enough countries to make this happen i suppose . 
  this guy gets it . 
  for you maybe . 
  here is the past and present generation paying . 
  the attacks returned after turkey started to bomb kurds positions , right ? 
  love then but from far away . 
  after the bailout programs europe pushed you must be kiding me . 
  with exceptions of the parks , public transportation , schools , dorms ... that they helped fund . 
  one more reason for europe to do its max to finish isis . 
  uk really needs to go . 
  for the good of everybody . 
  we use to . 
  before troika came collective bargaining represented half of contracts now its presence is negligible . 
  hoping a socialist government in the future roles the old system back . 
  i am hoping that portugal and spain turn left this coming elections . 
  this should help with greece isolation . 
  oh elections are coming making noise again to influence then . 
  the good thing coming from this is that a lot of huglyness will come out . 
  better this way to than to be hidden . 
  i am learning alot about my country partners . 
  i am sure there are thousands of middle and high class syrians in the crowds . 
  they had to pay the smugglers , just that means they ca n't be totally broke . 
  like many would point out during the debt crisis , germany is not the only one defending this stance . 
  at least france , spain , belgium , portugal , italy and greece governments support germany . 
  in the private institutions the refuge signs a contract that explains his rights and obligations in portugal . 
  if he signs it he comes if not he stays . 
  i assume that the state will have a smiliar system . 
  best of luck . 
  hope i can still buy stuff in uk amazon without much trouble . 
  onion ? 
  oh the hate was already there before the first syrian refugee arrived . 
  their posture during all the debt crisis , was pretty right wing . 
  germany is ruled by the right . 
  you can moved there . 
  oh wait you wo n't be welcome . 
  the way and the people making it matter when time comes to vote it . 
  if i get a chance to . 
  there alot of things we do for our populations they do n't to . 
  mostly because of our left wing population . 
  should we stop doing them because of arabic states do n't ? 
  why would europe look somewhere else for ideologic guidance . 
  do you know who else belongs to that 95 % portuguese group ? 
  any ukranian , agolan , brasilian and so on , pretty much if you work for 5 years and have a family with kids that already going to school you get a citizenship . 
  our consitution forbids any data colected about the population to be segrated by ethnicity , the state does not collect that info . 
  true when you talking about central and nordic europe . 
  when comparing to east europe you are mistaken . 
  we have been in contact with different cultures ( culturaly , religiously and ethnically ) for hundreds of years , after 1975 when we lost our colonies , hundreds of thousands of portuguese came from africa and asia back to portugal , we are a people that emmigrats alot during our history , it will very hard for you to find a family here that doesnt have a close family menber emmigrated somewhere . 
  my point is that its understendable when a polish is not as receptive to a syrian as a portuguese , their history and society are different from ours . 
  but polish should know that there attitude is not aceptable everywhere . 
  pretending like most people have similar views to them , everywhere else in europe like anti emmigrants often do over here is redit is what annoys me the most . 
  the media coverage is very sympathetic to the refugees , the government says its ready to accept more refuges than the 1500 already agreed , but is says the same needs to happen in all member states . 
  general public opinion agrees that we should do more . 
  you raise it . 
  i rather have a syrian neighbour than an anti immigration czech . 
  go tusk answer . 
  he said it all . 
  maybe on your part of europe . 
  in the real world europe is surrounded by other countries , in the real world their problems affect us . 
  well that depends where the white blond ukrainian emmigrates to . 
  your country can be against lgbt rights , against muslims or blacks , but it has to be it from outside the eu , we are more than just an economical union , i suggest that you look around for countries with similar points of views . 
  maybe that will give you some perspective . 
  better than nothing i suppose . 
  if eu can pay them our minimal wage as long as they need until they find work we have the obligation to take in more . 
  the right is rising again . 
  white and blond . 
  they will do fine . 
  i will tell i was n't welcome there . 
  close to 1000 euros per year for bachelor 's degree , masters can go up to 1600 euroa a year . 
  south is becoming popular for eye cirurgy . 
  maybe sol but tabloids are not popular or accepted over here so much . 
  how about eu has a set of principles that go behond economocal growth , if your country population does n't like it they have the same choice that greece has with the euro . 
  not bad . 
  i do n't know the law on detail but if you have your family settled and you are working , you can approach the authorities and aplly for a visa without the fear of being deported . 
  ukrainians adpated well and are seen as hard working people , a big number decided to say even after they crisis started and ukrainian is the second most spoken language in our kindergardens . 
  we have thousands of ukrainians living permanently here . 
  and they came to work hard jobs for less than 500 euros , basically almost everyone country they passed they would earn more . 
  life experience make 's your point untrue . 
  plz stop spreading it . 
  but they make much more with eu than they give . 
  i argue than if we portuguese are ask to give 1 euro for eu budget and a german is ask to give 50 we are the ones making a bigger sacrifice . 
  cape verde and brazil . 
  ukrainian is the second most spoken lenguage in our kindergartens , from all the east emigrants that came on early 2000s ukrainians are the ones that adapted the best , that 's probably why lot 's of then stayed when the crisis came . 
  it is still possible to make a modest but comfortable living over here , you probably wo n't get rich but you will be able to raise a family and put your kids through education . 
  we have a mostly empty country would n't mind if it started to be fill by ukrainian families . 
  this happened , 400.000 or little more already left portugal in the recent years , this is why our unemployment is at 12 % instead of something like 15 % . 
  it helps but only in short term , a big public investment was made on the people that left , young people mostly leave helping solidify our place in the top 10 of countries with the oldest demographics and worst of all it weakens our social services contributor base . 
  in many many ways the bailout program plus the some of the extra measures that our govermeent did really stole much of our potential to converge or surpass the more developed eu members . 
  well i blame the euro first , lack of key reforms second and missundling of eu funds third . 
  the only time we converged was in the 90s with the escudo . 
  our salaries are still pretty low . 
  they forgot to mention that the spanish goverment is increasing spain debt at a faster pace , in a way that is pretty typical to happen near elections . 
  its one of the worst political habbits them and we have . 
  from little i saw budapest or krakow . 
  `` are they trying to be a state inside a state '' . 
  priceless . 
  when orban is on your side , you should rethink your stance . 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  their countries have been poor for a long time , something has changed . 
  i read what you mentioned , but there are many thousands of them already `` settled '' in europe , the cases of them causing trouble are minimal .
