tried that concept of total transparency of political process and bitterly failed . 
  whatever more information you make public , whatever more meeting you livestream , there will always be aspects which people involved want to discuss without the whole world listening , and they will always find avenues for that . 
  people ca n't really be expected to just shift immediately . 
  too much fear , and not enough general tolerance , despite the strides humanity has generally been making . 
   i support the idea of transparency of the political process . 
  but that is a very different issue from the issue discussed in this thread , namely the private sphere of ordinary citizens . 
  `` total surveillance '' - see , i 'm categorically for openness and against privacy so the distinguishment is lost on me . 
  for example : i wish all accounting books were open . 
  i wish people simply could n't move money around in private , and i mean no one , including secret government blackops bullshit . 
  including private citizens , and large businesses . 
  i wish everyone 's finances were always in the open , i do n't think there is any moral ground for any of that to be private . 
  all privacy allows is for people to game the system , and i 'm tired of people gaming systems . 
  forcing everyone to be open requires them to deal more with the moral consequences of their actions ( including spending habits ) . 
  it dissuades people from compartmentalizing situations , a habit that only increases general moral ambiguity . 
  the thing is , i want more systems built on top of a cashless society . 
  i want uniform systems that automatically report fully itemized breakdowns of what i 've bought , reported to a centralized place , that then gives me a simple interface to understand my current cashflow habits . 
  i want centralized place where all my outstanding bills and debts are listed . 
  i do n't want multiple accounts on multiple websites . 
  i do n't want to be dealing with emailed or paper receipts and bills . 
  i want this all done automatically in a way that requires zero effort from me . 
  but a system like that will never happen given the amazing diverse ways we have of transferring money around , it 's simply too much complexity . 
  and it would face too much resistance from people who get hung up over privacy . 
   there is ( and always will , necessarily ) a number of third parties involved in payment , each of which will want their cut , and each of which are primarily after their own good . 
  uhhh ? 
  why is this necessarily ? 
  government could set up a cashless system that does n't involve third parties each trying to take their own cut ... ? 
  it would likely be cheaper than the costs of running mints for physical currency . 
   it is not really that fast , either . 
  from a consumer perspective out might be , but the payment itself has to roll through one or more banks , which have set times at which most transactions are processed . 
  that 's a problem with the current system , and not any sort of theoretical limit . 
  there is zero reason this stuff ca n't be processed in real time , adding and subtracting number in a database is about as basic as computing gets . 
   the business will only receive notification that the transaction is authorized , the money may take its due time . 
  cash , on the other hand is immediate . 
  you hand it over , the other person has it . 
  no transaction fees , no waiting time . 
  you say cash is immediate , but then do n't acknowledge the fact that the business ca n't really just use cash immediately in its business processes . 
  it 's got to be counted , stored , shipped around , etc. 
  there are costs and waiting times to using cash as well . 
  i do n't really see top level comments ever advocating for more surveillance , from what i can tell most people fear surveillance . 
  and they fear it ... fear is never a guarantee of certainty , so i generally do n't agree with their rational so easily . 
   do these people not understand what the ultimate corollary and consequence of this argument is , `` zero crime by total surveillance '' ? 
  we 've never actually seen total surveillance , which should include leaders and decision makers . 
  a fully transparent government would be an amazing benefit for society , instead of all the backroom dealing with have in politics today . 
  simple rules like : all communication done by elected representatives of the people should be auditable by the public . 
  we can include things like : cops have no jurisdiction without a functioning body camera could be hugely beneficial . 
  instead you image some dystopia of unequal levels of surveillance , where leaders surveille the populous , and do n't get surveilled themselves . 
  this is problematic . 
  so fight that , do n't fight surveillance in general , because there are definitely useful applications of it . 
  my god . 
  you 're a such a fucking idiot . 
  i 'm not even going to bother responding in depth because until you figure it out for yourself , i 'm not going to have an effect . 
  lol . 
  i do n't need to sit here and convince you i 'm right . 
  you will realize it in time . 
  i 'm now bored . 
  you are boring . 
  you are self-limiting . 
  you have no dreams . 
  and you do n't fucking realize it . 
  lol . 
   would n't want to work with someone like you . 
  yes . 
  jesus christ would not be able to work in today 's situation because it is so vastly corrupt by narrow minded idiots like you . 
  lol . 
   this is so dumb that it looks more and more like an elaborate troll ahhhh yea . 
  you 're still part of the retard crowd which thinks trolls are real . 
  lol . 
   i can only advise you to read more , learn to think logically and stop taking your hallucinations as reality . 
  hhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha holy fuck . 
  lol . 
   pollution happens because someone is doing it to make shit you want , and since you do n't care about how bad the production was for the environment , they 're gon na do it . 
  when you bought this thing whatever it is you 're viewing this on , did you ask around about the environment footprint it created by being produced ? 
  oh , you were more interested in the screen resolution ? 
  i see ... you 're the one hallucinating i had any choice in the matter . 
  because what ? 
  i 'm just supposed to be able to go around and descontruct literally everything i touch to make sure it 's moral ? 
  idiotic individualists like you do not have any conception that maybe humans should n't be have n't to verify literally everything about that ? 
  that they should have systems set up that actually make correct choices in instead of ones the literally inundated them with desires they never even had until advertising implanted them , and then fuck them over as much as possible trying to nickle and dime as hard as they can ? 
  the world you are advocating for is the most uncivilized that has ever existed . 
  and it fucking forces me to stay . 
  *** and you idiots made suicide illegal ? 
  if society is so good , why the fuck is suicide illegal !? 
  holy fuck *** look bro . 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  and you 're hallucinating far harder than i am , as if i * should * be responsible for everything around me , that somehow i * should n't * depend on society despite the fact *** the only reason society exists is to support humans , and at this point it 's just making life harder not easier . 
  *** *** no all the gadgets have are not bringing you happiness , you do n't even know what happiness or love is *** . 
   states and bureaucrats do n't have the answer . 
  even when they try to support technologies they think will be a solution . 
  states and bureaucrats are not the cause . 
  craving-driven consumer capitalism is what caused the problem because profit is the only thing that matters to the people making money . 
  [ our whole society is geared towards getting people to consume as much as possible , ecological considerations be damned . 
  ] ( http://imgsrc.art.com/img/print/print/tom-toro-yes-the-planet-got-destroyed-but-for-a-beautiful-moment-in-time-we-created-a-lot-of-value-for-sh_a-g-9318033-8736197.jpg?w=774&amp;h=774 )  reform ? 
  what fucking reform ? 
  massive social shifts to a society that is systematically aware of itself , and changes that will come with that . 
  for example , massive degrowth . 
  massive restructuring of societal decision making . 
  heck it probably wo n't involve too much loss of quality for life for the masses , so much of society today is useless waste . 
  lol . 
  i realize you 're too unaware to see or feel the need for such changes , because you ca n't see through being a sheeple of society ... ** and i 'm aware of how you 're going to respond by pigeonholing me into social stereotype for that claim ***  dragging morality into the story to equalize subjective personal preference with objective truth to present a non existing argument . 
  selflish-individual ideaology has been pushed so far you do n't even know what morality is , or what it 's used for .
