  i did n't force anyone to reply to my comments either . 
  if you do n't like it , that 's your problem . 
  you 're right . 
  i have never been there so i could never possibly know anything about it . 
  i 'll put it on my list of places to travel . 
  first i need to visit the arctic circle to find out whether or not it 's cold there . 
  or the moon . 
  how can you possibly know that the moon has no breathable air if you 've never been there ? 
  my quest for truth will be long . 
  wish me luck, 
  all these responses to my questions amount to : `` wow dude , go read a book ! '', 
  are n't you taking for granted that the truth of the matter should be obvious ? 
  interestingly , the places which were heavily colonized are today much better off compared to the regions untouched by those `` evil colonialist scum '' . 
  you living in one of the more civilized areas does n't refute my points . 
  africa is a big place , and most of it sucks . 
  how is 60 years not enough to gain some stability ? 
  that 's several generations worth of people . 
  what could be preventing them from forming stable governments ? 
  you are entitled to your opinion , sir . 
  you have so much confidence in this one book . 
  seems like you 'd be able to sum up a few of his points easily . 
  do n't get lazy now . 
  you would n't want me to remain an evil white racist forever , would you ? 
  you seem awfully sure that guns , germs , and steel provides an airtight argument . 
  i 'm going to sleep . 
  when i turn on my computer tomorrow , i would be pleased to find a reply from you explaining just how impossible it is to domesticate zebras , or how the year-round warm weather of africa makes for a worse environment than the brutal winters in europe and asia . 
  stating your views does not equate to citing evidence . 
  you 've no more provided evidence than i have . 
  they 've been in contact with eurasians for thousands of years and still ca n't keep up . 
  they were backward before european powers built cities for them and they are still backward today . 
  the ones bright enough to become doctors emigrate as soon as they possibly can . 
  why ? 
  because africa is a backward region and they know it . 
  why mention evidence when you have n't actually presented any ? 
  none of that explains africa 's lack of advancement either . 
  assuming you have the moral high ground is n't helping . 
  calling me a racist is , again , not helping you . 
  complaining about my style of argumentation wo n't help you refute my points . 
  stone age technology . 
  not the time period . 
  the `` ages '' are different for every region of the world anyway . 
   again , why is it fine when european 's take advantage of cultural diffusion , but evidence of racial inferiority when africans do so ? 
  not that there is any evidence of the indian ocean trade links reaching as far south or as far inland as great zimbabwe during the 11th century . 
  the africans have the collective contributions of the rest of the world and some of our money as well . 
  they are still significantly behind . 
  all the help in the world has n't made much of a difference . 
  they carry on the way they always have , now among the crumbling ruins of cities which were built for them . 
  they live on some of the most resource-rich land on earth . 
  they are n't lacking in access to much of anything . 
  you keep trying to make this about me being an evil white racist but that does n't help you explain africa 's lack of advancement . 
  are you arguing that nomads running around in grass skirts , dying from dysentery are just as advanced as people who split the atom , put a man on the moon , and cured polio ? 
  you are entitled to your opinion but that does n't mean i 'm going to take it seriously . 
   `` those that did not , could not . '', 
  that 's a very strange way of looking at it , given that you 've chosen to ignore the kingdoms produced by the bantu migration and the khoikhoi people , such as great zimbabwe , who were known for making stone structures . 
  indian sea trade . 
  not sure where you got that idea . 
  `` stone age '' refers to the kind of tools they were using . 
  i also do n't know why you 're talking about colonialism in this context . 
  the 7th century predates european colonialism in africa . 
  this is also an opinion . 
  you are entitled to your own opinion . 
   both statements made no such claim about being `` primitive '' before contact with the north - they made the claim that writing and city-building did n't exist without them being enslaved . 
  that 's a big fucking leap . 
  living in straw huts and not having a written language would indicate a primitive culture . 
  my assertion still stands : they were primitive in comparison to civilizations to the north and by coming into contact with those civilizations they were elevated . 
  `` a dump '' could have a variety of meanings . 
  in this case , i 'm using it to mean primitive . 
  i , for one , am not surprised that they are still behind the rest of us . 
  unfortunately for your argument , metalworking and writing systems developed independently in many parts of the world . 
  the same with agriculture . 
  the printing press/movable type was invented independently in several regions of the world as well . 
  it 's not as far-fetched as you might think . 
  civilizations have produced architectural marvels , and innovations of all kinds . 
  those that did not , could not . 
  please do n't tell me you are one of those who believes that the rest of humanity has engaged in a conspiracy all throughout history to keep them from advancing . 
   my assertion was that sub-saharan africa was a dump before being contacted by more advanced civilizations to the north and eastward . 
  mostly through the trading of slaves and precious metals . 
  even with outside assistance in the modern age , it 's still a dump . 
  whether or not you think my geography skills are up to snuff , the fact remains that north and east africa are genetically and culturally distinct from their cousins to the south . 
   sorry to say , but africa south of the sahara has been a dump for the last 6000 years of recorded history . 
  sub saharan africans had no written languages and lived in huts made out of straw until they became slaves to the north africans , arabs , and europeans . 
  i 'm not seeing any goal posts being moved . 
  both statements claim that they were extremely primitive before contact with civilizations to the north . 
  why would n't genetics and culture impact the historical achievements of a civilization ? 
  for instance , in some of today 's african cultures there is a belief that raping children will cure diseases . 
  understandably , this shining example of african culture causes much misery . 
  there 's racism and then there 's reality . 
  well , do n't bottle it up . 
  let it out if you must . 
  i would n't want you to do anything crazy like go outside . 
  my assertion was that sub-saharan africa was a dump before being contacted by more advanced civilizations to the north and eastward . 
  mostly through the trading of slaves and precious metals . 
  even with outside assistance in the modern age , it 's still a dump . 
  whether or not you think my geography skills are up to snuff , the fact remains that north and east africa are genetically and culturally distinct from their cousins to the south . 
  metallurgy was a eurasian thing . 
  by the 7th century , sub-saharans would have been in contact with many advanced civilizations to the north . 
  no amount of finger-pointing can justify their current state of dysfunction as anything but their own lack of civility . 
  again , personal insults really do n't add anything to the discussion . 
  just because you disagree , does n't mean you should insult people . 
  it lowers the level of discourse .
