  the recent rise of china would n't have been possible if all their best and brightest left and never came back . 
  forgive me for poor formatting , by the way . 
   that 's rotten justification and based on assumption . 
  i can say the same about your assumption that they would have been successful without our meddling . 
   and some infrastructure it brought , african has fuck all in the way of infrastructure . 
  my point is that the good that came from colonialism is downplayed wherever possible . 
  it 's not the fault of europeans that the africans were too incompetent to maintain what we left behind . 
   but their lives can be dramatically improved . 
  my life can be dramatically improved if i were allowed to live in a mansion on a hill . 
  so what ? 
  bill gates is n't obligated to let me move into his house . 
  europe is not obligated to take in the world 's poor . 
   because the problems are rooted in what we have done . 
  they may not be able to blame you or me , but europe is very central  in the causes to their shitty lives . 
  not just from our colonial past , but from continued exploitation through corporate means . 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  do you think i exploited millions of asians and africans ? 
  the practices of big business are n't the fault of the general population . 
  these are a very small number of elites who operate with the complicity of asian and african governments . 
   because we did historically oppress them . 
  claiming we did n't is revisionist in the extreme . 
  i never said we did n't . 
  european countries are n't anywhere close to being the only ones who did this . 
  just about every country who was capable of exploiting foreigners has done so in its history . 
  these people have no room to cast the first stone . 
  the exploitation occurring in china today is , as i mentioned above , done with the full cooperation of the chinese government . 
  most of them were n't a success before colonialism and there 's no reason to believe that they would have been . 
  colonialism brought education , infrastructure and modern medicine to the colonized . 
  we appeased them by leaving . 
  the problems in their home countries ca n't be solved by moving in droves to europe . 
  all their capable people leave , living conditions continue to backslide , and they continue to complain about the evil white man . 
  nothing gets solved and they will forever be accusing you of historical oppression . 
  the british empire did a lot of underhanded things to the chinese . 
  the chinese are doing much better these days . 
  do you think they would have made such a comeback if they all decided to leave when things were tough ? 
  yes . 
  most of the people who suffered under colonialism ( and by suffering , i mean having a higher standard of living than many of them do today ) are dead or near death . 
  people are so ready to pass the sins of the father onto the son . 
  many of the places demanding reparations of sorts from the west have themselves a long history of exploitation . 
  do they also owe something to the people they exploited in their history ? 
  if so , they have no moral high ground to stand on . 
  the foreigners are n't entitled to immigrate . 
  they are entitled to be left alone . 
  do you want to start arguing that i should let black people come and go into my house as they please because of the atlantic slave trade ? 
  you know what 's interesting about the former colonies ? 
  they all wanted us out . 
  we left . 
  we do n't owe them anything else . 
  i get tired of hearing that the west owes immigrants for things that happened decades to centuries ago . 
  if that were true , what we 're doing to the middle east could be justified by the horrific arab/muslim slave trade . 
  it 's no coincidence that the people arguing most fervently for open borders are people who would personally benefit . 
  i 'm quite sure most of the west 's greatest achievements were made when it was strictly white and christian . 
  the trade and transfer of ideas between the monocultures of europe and commonwealth states is responsible for our dominance . 
  if that 's what you mean by multiculturalism , then we 're in agreement . 
  you still have n't justified this brow-beating of russia for wanting to do things differently . 
  that does n't mean they have to do everything like we do . 
  i love the west but it 's ridiculous for people to denounce russia for trying to be like the us was 60 years ago ( more or less ) . 
  they have different ideas . 
  it 's not like they 're grinding up children to stuff into tuna cans . 
  is it really that bad to want to distance themselves from the current state of western culture ? 
  i never knew that . 
  makes sense though . 
  well , when you put it that way . . 
  is n't it possible that he was just discreet about his investments ? 
  people have made fortunes by investing their start up capital intelligently . 
  i 'm not saying that i think the guy 's innocent . 
  he probably is n't . 
  i 'm saying that it is n't outside the realm of possibilities that he made his fortune legally . 
  i do n't feel either way about this , but can someone tell me why it 's significant or controversial that the ex-energy minister invested in gold ? 
  people looking out for the best interests of their home countries is not a dangerous idea . 
  the people at the top are empowering and enriching themselves at the expense of entire countries . 
  mass uncontrolled immigration is just one thing that the average citizen does not benefit from , and never asked for . 
  it was n't necessary to import a low-skill , highly disruptive work force . 
  if that were true , japan would be in a much worse state since they were confronted with the same problem of an aging work force much earlier . 
  it 's kind of sad . 
  if left unaltered , the usa will likely follow the same path . 
  combative in terms of language/cordiality . 
  making snarky remarks to each other , telling each other to shut the hell up , etc. 
  i actually think american politics is very similar , but it lags behind in these trends . 
  in both countries , right-wing ideas are being advertised as an aberration where as the left is `` normal '' . 
  the e.u. 
  seems to function like the early u.s. . more power being in the hands of the individual member states . 
  mostly there seems to be a difference in what you guys consider right/left wing vs. what we americans would define them as . 
  british politics seems to be more combative than what you find here . 
  i tune in to the house of commons on c-span every so often . 
  the small differences are fascinating . 
  how big is the debate on eu-skepticism ? 
  and is northern ireland really trying to gain independence ? 
  i 'm starting to see why nobody likes david cameron . 
  though i still do n't get british politics quite yet . 
  that might be surprising depending on the demographics . 
  businessmen and politicians benefit from appearing morally superior . 
  i 'd like you to expand on the first statement . 
  the second i can do without . 
  insults are not arguments . 
  in what way ? 
  please do n't turn a ` deaf ear ' to conflicting views . 
  do n't you think that it 's more than mere coincidence that you find more racism in those areas where cultures collide ? 
  the most outspoken supporters of diversity just happen to live in racially homogeneous areas , more often than not . 
  if someone dislikes certain people , he or she generally has a reason for it .
