i can understand that israel wants the local politics to be handled without foreign interference , but they have no qualms about meddling in every other country 's affairs so long as it benefits them . 
  those people trying to illegally enter europe on a skiff surely understand the risks when they depart from their home countries . 
  all the pictures i 've seen of these `` migrants '' reminds me of a zombie apocalypse film or an invasion from mordor . 
  with the ebola outbreak ongoing and almost exclusively being spread by the same people , i think that italy is justified in ending the operation . 
  we 're spying on your subreddits , europe . 
  see , you do n't need to import millions of africans to be diverse . 
  you already are !, 
  http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/jan/24/two-jailed-twitter-abuse-feminist-campaigner http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2012/mar/27/student-jailed-fabrice-muamba-tweets http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-wales-south-west-wales-27328669 first search results . 
  granted , this is all in the uk but you can get jailed for equally trivial reasons elsewhere . 
  you can be detained/arrested by the police in sweden for having a muscular body because it somehow means that they are on steroids . 
  being critical of certain demographics can get you jail time . 
  every so often , i have the pleasure of learning that someone has been arrested for making `` controversial '' twitter posts . 
  please explain, 
  i do n't want to see any upturned noses from europe over this . 
  in many states of the eu , you can be arrested for hurting someone 's feelings ( only if you 're a native european though ! ) . 
  those guys are looking for a `` gotcha '' story so they can lecture the us on how to treat brown people , or whatever angle you 'd like . 
  it makes me sick that world leaders would `` stand in solidarity '' with a pack of thieves and brigands . 
  these are the people that your politicians are telling you to be vital for europe 's future . 
  it 's racist to suggest that obama likes to eat bananas ? 
  or destabilizing foreign governments ? 
  i 'm sure some europeans took part , but i 'm betting the greater majority of the trouble makers are not european . 
  `` curb civil society '' ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  did they outlaw good manners ? 
  there 's so much false outrage from european politicians , it 's sickening . 
  they were complicit in most aspects of the us spying program . 
  they probably did n't think that they would personally be spied on but definitely knew that their own countrymen were being monitored . 
  i 'm of the opinion that americans overestimate our contribution where as the rest of the west underestimates it . 
  it certainly does n't fit in with western values . 
  the people advocating for more wonderful diversity probably live in the least diverse areas you can find . 
  calling someone a bigot is just the latest method of putting the lower classes in their place . 
  as opposed to soviet propaganda, 
  i do n't subscribe to the jewish conspiracy tripe , so no . 
  though like muslims , there is a question of loyalty when these groups encounter agents from their homeland/extremists . 
  enough of them are sympathetic to foreign agents for things like this latest mess to occur . 
  america supplied the entire allied front from thousands of miles away . 
  not our fault that the ruskies zerg rushed instead of using strategy, 
  now someone make a graph comparing supply contribution . 
  the war was won with american steel . 
  and food, 
  one of the factors that makes this subterfuge so successful is that moderate muslims are willing to look the other way while extremists work . 
  for the same reason , israel 's spying and industrial espionage would n't be nearly as successful without jewish citizens looking the other way or assisting . 
  brits , please stop letting all these foreigners run your institutions . 
  the problems are so big , it 's hard to imagine anything improving without drastic changes . 
  if you could magically remove politics from education ... 
  you said it . 
  not me . 
  idiots with college degrees are still idiots . 
  education does n't make people smart . 
  it makes them useful . 
  george washington did n't have to deal with every mouth breather casting a vote against their own interests . 
  i said i would be comfortable in a monarchy . 
  if anything , i 'd rather the usa just get rid of universal suffrage . 
  there is no shortage of imbeciles voting for bread and circuses . 
  i have n't ruled out the possibility that i 'm romanticizing monarchy . 
  i would think that royalty is better able to resist subversive elements because of the unilateral nature of a monarch 's power . 
  note that i am not against capitalism or corporations . 
  in the us , we do have an aristocracy of sorts but they do n't bear the burden of responsibility . 
  by that i mean responsibility for the outcomes caused by their leadership . 
  if the common person is sold out or screwed over , everyone waves their fists at the yes men in elected office . 
  universal suffrage was a terrible idea . 
  i would be comfortable in a monarchy . 
  i actually know who rules the roost as opposed to what happens in my country . 
  a secretive elite rules the day and elected officials just play along . 
  the only problem is deciding who would become royalty . 
  as far as i understand , the old royal families began by organizing and conquering territories . 
  these are different times . 
  you guys are correct . 
  i 've made a fool out of myself here . 
  though i do think that if the germans had consolidated their gains instead of continuing their expansion , the conflict would not have escalated as much as it did . 
  still , the invasion of france was one of their biggest mistakes . 
  besides trying to blaze a trail through russia . 
  anyway , the soviet union was n't any better than the fascists . 
  it 's curious that putin would say that the soviets ` saved ' anybody . 
  western powers ( further west anyway ) seemed content to allow germany to expand as long as it was in the east . 
  they wanted a buffer against russia . 
  that 's the impression i get . 
  i doubt there would have even been a world war ii if germany kept pushing east instead of messing with the french . 
  yes , the knowledge you have is so obviously true you ca n't even begin to put it into words . 
  perhaps i read the book already ? 
  which is why i ca n't take you seriously for using it as your be-all-end-all explanation . 
   no-one called you a fucking nazi you self-persecuting twat . 
   go to stormfront . 
  i guess telling me to visit a neo-nazi website as if it 's where i belong is n't the same as directly calling me a nazi . 
  though it 's been heavily implied throughout the discussion . 
  you 've been paraphrasing from diamond 's book the whole time , but how about some direct quotes ? 
  telling me essentially to do a google search is n't anywhere close to providing citations . 
  here 's a parallel to what you 're doing : `` jesus is the son of god . 
  jeez man , just read the bible !, 
  it 's all there . '', 
  but please do continue to fantasize about me walking around in full nazi regalia . 
  whatever helps you feel morally superior . 
  why my interpretation is flawed was not explained . 
  there was lots of `` you 're an ignorant racist '' `` you 're wrong '' `` colonialism was evil '' `` stupid americans . . '' `` you 're so wrong . 
  i 'm not going to tell you why so just figure it out yourself '' `` it 's obvious '' '' ( insert ad hominem here ) '' '' ( insert vague argument from guns , germs , and steel ) '', 
  i 'm notoriously lazy . 
  i was hoping one of you enlightened souls could explain in simple terms why my interpretation of history is wrong . 
  could it be that you do n't know the main points expressed in the book which try to explain european dominance and justify low achievement of other groups ? 
  you are welcome, 
  like i said , if you do n't like my opinion that 's your problem .
