  really , the best way for these people to carry on is to act like nothing is wrong . 
  you can get away with a metric tonne of bullshit if you do n't act like you 're doing anything wrong . 
   that he chose to have the words `` sieg heil '' tattooed on his right arm  because he liked the fonts . 
  `` hey , check out my new tattoo !, 
  i think it 's chinese for ` love ' . 
  it just looked cool so i had to have it ! '', 
  i guess if they 're that stupid , it would not be a good idea to give them power . 
  at the risk of being an r/conspiracy nut , i 'll say that it was awfully convenient for this turn of events to transpire . 
  an alternative to the status quo continues to gain popular support and is suddenly implicated in a conspiracy to murder people . 
  i 'm not trying to be an apologist for the golden dawn , nor do i know all the facts . 
  unless gd leadership is really stupid , they would want to keep their noses clean while they 're still little in number . 
  the political elite will , given enough time , subvert any opposition . 
  to truly have a clean slate , opposition must ` come out of nowhere ' . 
  you have to admit , there is a certain naivete to the belief that all people are equal in all ways . 
  i fully support equality of the application of law and punishment , by the way . 
  one of my few god-given talents . 
  if you 've ever lived around a bunch of black people , you 'd see that it is a justified prejudice . 
  even black people know that . 
  i said this in another thread but i feel i should say it again . 
  the yuppies in europe and america who scream about tolerance do n't live anywhere near ethnic/racial minorities . 
  unless the crimes committed were sanctioned by the party , i do n't see why it would be a good thing to ban gd . 
  there is very little faith in democracy when you ca n't trust the common people to reject toxic leadership . 
  even if golden dawn is a fascist party as it is said , how is that any worse than communists in europe who wear their political affiliation like a badge of honor ? 
  regardless , the authorities would not have been so quick to judge the parents if roma/gypsies did n't have a reputation for criminal activity above and beyond what you 'd expect as `` normal '' . 
  if they are indeed the biological parents , the simple explanation for the girl 's appearance is that one of her grandparents shared the same features . 
  sometimes traits skip generations . 
  i read an awful lot of negative opinions on gypsies and some argue that you should let them be and respect their culture . 
  when that culture includes theft and human trafficking , i think people are justified in being wary of them . 
  i also have the distinct feeling that those coming to the defense of this seemingly thuggish culture are no more exposed to it than i am, 
  what you just described is already happening here in the states , even without a voucher system . 
  almost to a t. i would think that removing the connection between funding and test grades would eliminate the moral hazard of lowering academic standards . 
  it 's an extremely complex issue though , and i 'm sure it is n't as simple as i describe . 
  i agree that the role of genetics in academic performance is downplayed . 
  the people who have a difficult time believing that there are genetic variances in intelligence believe that everyone `` must '' be equal in their capabilities . 
  unfortunately , you ca n't resolve every issue by throwing money at it . 
  they should bring vocation training back to high school programs . 
  i can relate to what the guy says about course work , since the english and american education systems are so similar . 
  standards have been lowered over the last few decades so that everybody can pass and nobody has hurt feelings . 
  if classes are too easy , the more intelligent kids get bored and stop paying attention . 
  that 's probably where this adhd crap comes from . 
  he kind of describes a voucher system where the schools compete for students ( the grant money ) which i find to be a swell idea . 
  i think the boats are being deliberately sunk by border security . 
  having secure borders seems to have become politically incorrect , so it 's no surprise that it 's a hush-hush operation . 
  next stop : / r/conspiracy, 
  here in the good old red-white-and-blue , those boys would have just gotten their asses kicked . 
  i 'm not seeing the problem here . 
  seems like when one eu country is doing better than others , the latter salivates at the idea of dragging them down with rhetoric and regulation . 
  the way i see it , those countries will never succeed on their own while their brightest individuals can just pick up and move to a rich country . 
  the whole brain drain phenomenon in effect . 
  while skilled immigrants can enter through legal channels , the raw sewage they left behind tries to hop the borders . 
  businesses and politicians benefit from immigrant hordes but the general population certainly does n't . 
  i do n't let just anyone into my home and i certainly would n't welcome someone who broke in . 
  i think this sort of wariness should be applied to immigration policy . 
  colonialism and western influence have caused recent suffering , but not in the way people tend to describe . 
  we developed land and infrastructure , taught the natives farming techniques , and raised the standard of living for millions of people outside of europe . 
  once western influence and governments left these places , whether it be from native protests or changes in our priorities , the natives were left to maintain that higher standard of living on their own . 
  the utter failure of these people to maintain infrastructure built by us and rotate crops , combined with the population explosion brought about by the abundance of colonial rule has caused the poor state of affairs . 
  they failed miserably to provide for themselves what colonial rule brought to them . 
  now they are clamoring , by the boatload , to enter your countries illegally . 
  all the suffering they face is just the slow descent back to their original ways of life pre-colonialism . 
  almost like a child who runs away from home because he believes he can take care of himself and ends up eating out of a dumpster and begging for change when reality smacks him in the face . 
  no need to be snide . 
  i think you mean encyclopedia . 
  i can agree to that . 
  i forget that ( great ) britain is a conglomeration of states similar to the usa . 
  could i then move to china and claim to be chinese ? 
  or perhaps i could claim to be a native american since i live in the usa . 
  would n't it be more accurate to say imams in britain ? 
  i 've never heard of any white imams . 
  is it like when somalian immigrants claim to be frenchmen ? 
  crime statistics tell a different story . 
  the people of a nation are responsible for its prosperity . 
  people are responsible for the bad conditions of the regions in which they live . 
  get enough of those people in your country and they will remake it in their own image . 
  never forget that these people need us . 
  we do n't need them . 
  if they are going to be a part of our nations , they should do it on our terms . 
  in addition , by allowing these people entrance , you are encouraging more of it . 
  it would be a very convenient way for enemies to gain entrance . 
  would n't a basic income cause prices to rise ? 
  guaranteed student loans here in the states cause text book prices to sky-rocket and tuition to go up . 
  not an intended effect but certainly , it happens . 
  highly capable immigrants , the ones you 'd actually want in your country , can normally immigrate the legal way . 
  it 's important to have strong borders like it 's important to have skin . 
  it protects the whole from undesirable elements . 
  people who show such a lack of respect for your laws by trying to sneak in are going to cause you problems . 
  forgive my assumption . 
  america is the center of the universe after all . 
  you 're trying to turn this into an unrelated issue by again , referencing my post history . 
  attempting to discredit my argument by citing reputation , you are committing a common fallacy of reasoning . 
  i certainly do n't appreciate your far-flung assumptions about my character , but you 're entitled to an opinion . 
  the problem with discussion on the subject is that most people who circumcise their children generally do n't consider it 's physical effects . 
  i 'll go so far as to claim that most doctors would call the procedure unnecessary . 
  nobody can make up their minds as to why it is important to circumcise babies . 
  first it was religious custom , then it was to tame male libido , then it was for cleanliness , and now it 's between being a protection against stds to just `` aesthetically pleasing '' . 
  i was n't aware that dicks could be pretty , but then again i am a heterosexual male . 
  for every study that suggests the health benefits of circumcision , you can find one that says it does not . 
  the point is , you were given a choice in the matter . 
  many children do not get the luxury of choice . 
  the heart of western culture is in self-determination .
