  still waiting on that explanation . 
  personal insults do n't tell me anything, 
  i admire your honesty, 
  maybe you could give an explanation as to why that is , and why that has anything to do with the discussion i 've been having . 
  i 'm not sure why you bother telling me these things . 
  it does n't affect me in the slightest . 
  you ca n't be any older than 17 if you think this is important, 
  statistics soon ? 
  exactly . 
  do nothing and like it . 
  petty insults are basically nothing . 
  an intelligent , enlightened european could surely help me see the light of reason . 
  seems as though you do n't like my opinion . 
  well , there are only two things you can do about that : nothing , and like it . 
  maybe you can cite some statistics to enlighten me . 
  the atlantic slave trade and colonialism were n't the same things . 
  hospitals , schools , roads , modern technology , clean drinking water , and the list goes on . 
  they were brought out of the stone age in exchange for what was taken . 
   we might have been even if we did n't decide it was a good idea to colonize north africa . 
  and north africans are currently colonizing your major cities . 
  you seem to have a masochistic approach to `` an eye for an eye '' . 
   mali mali is in north africa , which falls under eurasian influence . 
   ashanti west africa . 
  not settled until the 11th century ad . 
  just in time for the slave trade . 
   songhai west africa . 
  need i say more ? 
   zulu south africa . 
  loincloths , feathers , spears . 
   great zimbabwe , swahili oh look , they just happened to be a part of the indian ocean trade . 
  plenty of meddling from the middle east and mediterranean . 
  as an added bonus , the arabs and persians remarked that the people living there were subhuman beasts who ate each other . 
   axum , nubia north africa . 
  plenty of eurasian influence . 
   katanga you know this was right at the end of belgian rule ? 
  did you also know that the un stepped in to resolve the issue ? 
   `` infrastructure '' , the only infrastructure that was created was to help colonials extract resources . 
  so you should take a trip to africa sometime and when you come back , tell me about all that glorious infrastructure . 
  do you not consider roads , hospitals , and schools infrastructure ? 
  damn that evil white man for curing polio and providing clean drinking water !, 
   absolutely untrue . 
  do you think the united kingdom would be this wealthy without ever having an empire ? 
  after two world wars great britain was bankrupt . 
  in fact that 's what killed the empire . 
  whatever wealth they had before that is irrelevant to their continued success . 
  never underestimate the british . 
   if they are middle class and are lucky enough to live in a heavily developed country . 
  even working class people in our countries can not simply quit a job . 
  try telling a factory worker in bangladesh to go get a real job . 
  you are so fucking ignorant of actual realities . 
  how middle class are you ? 
  the point is n't that they `` get a real job '' . 
  the point is that they have the power to leave . 
  starving , disease-ridden africans sail across the mediterranean in leaky skiffs all the time . 
  do you really think it 's a question of money ? 
   oh , i did n't know you knew about 4 billion people personally . 
  it might come as a surprise to you but not everyone has an education . 
  there are villages in afghanistan only a few miles a part and the people do n't even know that the other exists . 
  there are cults that worship prince william as a literal god . 
  i 'm quite secure in my assumption . 
   i doubt it , seeing as there is zero media coverage of these issues . 
  i 'm talking about cultural attitudes toward your own history . 
  you 're all the evidence i need . 
  you apparently think that europeans are pure evil and need punishment . 
   strawman , not even worth replying to . 
  why not ? 
  you ardently believe that you owe so much to the rest of the world , why not set an example and prove how non-racist you really are ? 
  my posting history has nothing to do with our discussion , nor am i ashamed of anything i have posted . 
  all these personal insults are really inconsequential to the conversation . 
  on your first 4 points ( to save some space ) : we were n't only talking about colonialism . 
  you suggested that we have these obligations to foreigners for all the sins we committed . 
  not just colonialism . 
   i 'm saying it 's nothing compared to colonialism . 
  slavery was a two way street , christians sold captured muslims into slavery during the  reconquista . 
  due to the fact those people had then been living there for a sum total of 700 years , would you call that economic exploitation ,  or just simply the spoils of war ? 
  you 're making light of the crimes committed against europeans throughout history and exaggerating what the europeans did to others . 
  it suits your argument to do so . 
  i do n't fault you for that . 
  interestingly enough , your point about the reconquista seems to indicate that you think we are even with the muslims . 
  good , then we do n't owe them anything . 
   actual foreign direct investment as opposed to simply handing over a few billion to a government as long as they tow your line , because make  no mistake that aid money does n't go to all post-colonial states , just the ones that do what we like . 
  we could go back to giving them nothing if you like . 
  i 'd certainly like that . 
   you should pick up a history book sometime , it might fix that problem of yours . 
  sub saharan africans had no written languages and lived in huts made out of straw until they became slaves to the north africans , arabs , and europeans . 
  maybe you could enlighten me . 
   do you think that the blacks have twice the unemployment simply because they 're lazy and like living off welfare ? 
  or maybe it 's because  there 's fuck all educational investment in working class areas . 
  i guess white people do n't belong to the working class , right ? 
  your insults aside , there are many ways one could explain black unemployment numbers . 
  one thing i do know is that it has nothing to do with some imaginary inter-generational post traumatic stress . 
  that 's one of the more outlandish explanations for black americans ' over-representation in violent crime and under-representation in higher education . 
   for example , it was the belgium army fighting in the congo on the behalf of corporate interests . 
  so , yes , the state does endorse this . 
  that 's all fine and good but i was talking about post-colonial governments . 
   the relationship between the colonized and the colonials is like a home owner and a thief . 
  the thief has all of your shit but you still want him  to get the fuck out of your house . 
  at the end of it all you have nothing left . 
  is it your fault ? 
  infrastructure , education , modern medicine , and a written language in some cases .
