  religious freedom is a more recent development and in most cases , people do have the right to practice their customs . 
  however , certain practices come into conflict with the individual 's rights . 
  genital mutilation , male or female , can not be performed on an infant without violating his/her right to choose and could cause great harm . 
  compounded by the fact that the procedure is unnecessary . 
  your right to free expression exists only as far as it does not restrict another person 's rights . 
  this is why islamic fundamentalists get so confused when europeans do n't want to practice sharia law . 
  my posting history has nothing to do with the present discussion . 
  please stay focused . 
  and they do the procedure without anesthetics . 
  if indeed it is a procedure that solves medical problems that may arise , it should be performed on a case by case basis . 
  i am an intact adult and i have never had medical problems because of it . 
  there are tens of thousands of nerve endings in the foreskin . 
  it 's not so different than genital mutilation in girls . 
  circumcision gained rapid popularity in western countries for varying reasons . 
  before all the health claims , they did it to discourage masturbation in boys . 
  imagine the surprise when we kept fapping . 
  this would just force the golden dawn underground . 
  i think that would cause even more problems . 
  i admit , i 'm not familiar with the details of the study . 
  am i the only one who interpreted this statement as a joke ? 
  as in , the statement i am directly replying to . 
  black americans are 20 % european on average . 
  jungle fever . 
  it was a thing evidently . 
  that 's just in my experience . 
  i live on the east coast, 
  is it different in europe ? 
  families in the southern states tend to be more racially diverse in ancestry . 
  most blacks , native americans , and mexicans live in the south . 
  the further north you go , the whiter it gets . 
  with exception to major cities of course . 
  here , we associate the germans with discipline , intelligence , and ingenuity . 
  like a stereotype , you could say . 
  it 's just typical of us americans to claim to be anything but american . 
  the most common ones i 've heard are : german , italian , native american , and black american ( surprisingly ) . 
  anybody i know with even a slight tinge of red hair claims to be irish and brags about having a high tolerance for alcohol . 
  since most of us do n't understand what it really means to be scottish , italian , etc we honor our ancestry ( real or imagined ) in token ways . 
  i have an uncle who wears kilts , cousins who drink tea all the time and practice paganism , and friends who suddenly develop accents when they talk about being irish . 
  any white person with a drop of native american blood has an unusual fixation with nature and animals . 
  i happen to have pretty solid english and scottish ancestry dating back as far as the 1600s but for the most part you ca n't trust what americans say about their ancestry . 
  everybody and i mean every fellow white person i have ever spoken to about ancestry claims to be german . 
  most people just claim one that they most identify with . 
  we 're mutts after all . 
  it means that having pride in your nation/heritage/race and its accomplishments is politically incorrect if you are white . 
  national pride in general is looked down upon these days . 
  some people still ca n't tolerate germany succeeding economically without screaming about nazis . 
  i 've read about people in the uk getting fined for flying their national flag ( s ) because it is a `` symbol of oppression '' . 
  i could n't imagine that sort of thing happening here in cheese burger land . 
  of course , i 'm all the way on the other side of the atlantic so i 'm sure you guys see things that i can not . 
  some people ca n't overcome their white guilt complexes long enough to be positive about europe . 
  it 's a very broad subject but to over simplify , i would say that the west ( white people , basically ) values education and cooperation more than others . 
  it 's a question of what works and what does not . 
  you ca n't blame the white man for the failure of certain populations to produce stable civilization . 
  sub-saharan africa was uncivilized before we ever showed up and only by outside intervention did they ever achieve a remotely comparable quality of life . 
  contrary to popular belief , the empires of egypt were not black civilizations . 
  black africans were used as slaves by the egyptians for thousands of years . 
  the nubians came into power during egypt 's decline and their rule lasted for less than 100 years before falling into obscurity . 
  you could say that our meddling is making things worse . 
  our assistance made it possible for their population explosion and our departure left them incapable of sustaining such a population . 
  the writings of old scholars and ancient historians should n't be so easily discounted . 
  they lived in times where it was unnecessary to be politically correct . 
  liberia is a great example of what i 'm talking about . 
  it is a country that was established by former black slaves . 
  when they got there , the former slaves promptly enslaved the native blacks . 
  today , the country is well-known for rape , squalor , and cannibalism even though the black settlers were exposed to a more civilized society . 
  just like africa in general !, 
  the values which produce successful societies are conspicuously absent from certain cultures . 
  thus , some cultures are better than others . 
  do you really think a culture that advocates the rape of children to cure diseases is equal to western culture ? 
  the question of the u.s. in relation to this subject is complex ( for me ) . 
  most countries in the old world were established by conquest involving the same races of people . 
  no one bats an eye to the idea that borders between countries in europe were established through bloodshed more so than trade . 
  much of the initial native american population died by diseases carried by european explorers/colonists . 
  also , there was no country for the early settlers to steal . 
  no established borders or governing bodies . 
  i do n't know enough about it to say anymore than that . 
  even if the colonists screwed over the natives as badly and as deliberately as you say , why should i or any other american want the same thing to happen to us ? 
  and even if you say that we have it coming because of past sins , that does n't mean europeans should be displaced in europe . 
  most of the government action you 're talking about is very far removed from the will of the american people . 
  and about the wealth and happiness bit , you have to wonder why the rest of the world wants to come to the west and not the other way around . 
  people vote with their feet and their actions . 
  anybody who wants a better life , comes to the west . 
  this is a very good question , i have to say . 
  this is like saying that if you move to china and insist that the chinese change their traditions , laws , and customs to suit the lifestyle you had in your home country , it would be justified . 
  immigrants come to the west to get away from the steaming pile that they left behind ( usually ) . 
  once they 're here , they waste no time in trying to turn our home countries into what they ran away from . 
  the indigenous people of europe should n't have to sacrifice their cultural dominance to appease the desires of foreigners . 
  these people all have home countries where the laws and customs reflect their culture . 
  you flood the u.s. with enough mexican immigrants , and it will become more like mexico . 
  you flood the e.u. 
  with enough africans and middle easterners , the result will be more like those places . 
  what do these countries have in common ? 
  more poverty , more violence , and less of anything resembling western culture . 
  tl ; dr - not all cultures are equal and they certainly do n't have the same track records in creating wealth and happiness . 
  hence , the reason people immigrate in the first place . 
  i 'm making a general statement . 
  western nations have their own laws and customs . 
  the more you make exceptions , the more will be demanded from you , and the politicians will bow to the pressure . 
  after all , they are basically importing a new voting bloc . 
  we are having similar problems here in the states .
