  we gave these things to the colonized . 
  i 'd hardly consider the relationship to be one of a robber baron and a peasant . 
   the wealth they took went into the state and matters of the state , which the state benefited from and as such , successive generations of  people living in that state benefit from that same exploitation . 
  where does the state get its money ? 
  who do you think is the one who really pays for restitution ? 
  that 's my point . 
  generations today should n't be made to suffer for sins of the past . 
   are you some sort of libertarian that believes everyone can quit a job and move on with their lives ? 
  people do it all the time . 
  they weigh the risks and take their chances where they might have more opportunity . 
  many third world immigrants come to europe with nothing . 
  many come illegally . 
  if they can just quit their countries and move to europe , they can certainly quit a job and move on with their lives . 
  i doubt many of these people care about colonialism . 
  they 've learned from your own media to beat you over the head with it in order to guilt you into giving them what they want . 
  if you are so intent on eternally prostrating yourself to foreigners , why do n't you do the ` tolerant ' thing and give your house up to a family of somalis ? 
  maybe you could let chinese nationals vote in your elections ? 
  the possibilities for saying , `` we 're sorry '' are endless . 
   um , that was n't colonialism . 
  at all . 
  funny , i do n't remember saying that it was . 
   firstly , mongol `` rule '' in europe was mostly confined to raids and demanding tribute . 
  they did n't settle and they never went further west than  hungary . 
  they were far too busy fighting themselves . 
  they were responsible for bringing the plague to europe . 
   seondly , the muslims did not colonize iberia . 
  they migrated and settled in the region and created their own sultanates and caliphates . 
  there 's a  distinct difference between conquering with migration , and colonialism where the only goal is to strip the region of resources useful to the  overlord , regardless of the conditions of the native population . 
  the conflict between warring kingdoms of roughly equal capability in the medieval  era is supremely different to the domination of less civilized nations later on . 
  so numerous slave raids , land grabs , and centuries of foreign occupation were all just quaint settlements in our neighborhoods ? 
  are you saying that they did n't exploit us economically ? 
   are you one of those americans that claims that blacks today are not suffering at all from the effects of past american discrimination ? 
  what 's funny is the fact that they 're not . 
  they have benefited from their ancestors ' enslavement . 
  they enjoy the same rights as whites do , and they get a leg up in education and the job market through affirmative action . 
  they get to enjoy the conveniences of the western world while their relatives in africa have drastically lower living standards . 
   to make it simple for you , problems such as wanton corruption , abysmal education , wars , ethnic conflict , and wealth leaving the country are  extremely present issues that are resultant of european colonialism , and american neocolonialism during the cold war . 
  sorry to say , but africa south of the sahara has been a dump for the last 6000 years of recorded history . 
  it 's not the white man 's fault that they slaughter each other and commit mass indiscriminate rape . 
  not being able to read does n't cause someone to burn their neighbors alive . 
   on top of this , what you are saying is amount to victim blaming , it 's arrogant to the extreme to assume people should not want to govern  themselves because their colonial overlords are handicapping them in their ability to do so , and this is directly contradictory to the right of  self-determination as granted by the universal declaration of human rights . 
  and we did allow them to govern themselves . 
  just because their standard of living fell post-colonialism does n't obligate us to let them all come to europe . 
   it is a reality that corporations of various national origins are exploiting africa for its natural resources , and it is in the name of these corporate  interests that many european interventions have been made , the most classic example being the secession of katanga in 1960 . 
  and ? 
  this exploitation is not endorsed by the european governments nor is the general population responsible for it . 
  if those nations want restitution , they should get it from the companies that exploited them . 
  and again , it is the leadership of these exploited places that allows it to happen in the first place . 
   for an indefinite period of time . 
  we are the root cause for many of the problems plaguing these nations , when those problems have been solved  and we show genuine good will to act in their interests instead of our own , when it comes to the problems in the region , then we can start talking  about absolving ourselves . 
  in historical terms , this was yesterday . 
  how about those that exploited europe then ? 
  should we continue to make them pay for their past sins indefinitely ? 
  the west already supplies most of these nations with food/monetary aid . 
  some countries i 'm sure , only remain solvent because of the aid we give . 
  where would you draw the line ? 
   again , the nations are , as these are the same nations today that existed then , only in a more evolved ( or devolved , depending on where you  stand ) state . 
  the united kingdom is the british empire . 
  portugal is portugal and belgium is belgium . 
  a nation is it 's people . 
  and these people have nothing to do with the sins of the past . 
  who 's really bearing the cost of making amends ? 
  it 's not `` nations '' . 
  it 's people . 
   one would think that 's not really the fault of the consumer , but the utter indifference amongst the general population as to the origin of their  goods would , indeed , make us partially responsible . 
  it takes two to tango . 
  no one is making them accept such working conditions . 
  if someone is , it certainly is n't your average brit . 
   no , the people of germany should not feel any specific guilt about the holocaust , but the nation of germany should remember its obligations to the  people which it has effected - namely the jews and the arabs who have been displaced in order to make space for a jewish nation . 
  but germany was n't responsible for the establishment of israel , which impacted the people already living there . 
   i think it 's safer to assume they would 've been better off without us raping their natural resources and stealing all their shit , but that 's  just me being crazy i guess . 
  europe would have been better off without repeated muslim/arab invasions and slave raids . 
  europe would have been better off without the mongols and other assorted asian marauders pillaging . 
  but wait , the europeans did recover and we did n't have to immigrate in large numbers to the lands of former occupiers . 
  you are claiming that we picked clean all the resources in places we colonized but that 's not true at all . 
  the vast untapped resources of africa lay before them . 
   it is n't downplayed , it 's just marginal compared to the longterm harm that we have inflicted . 
  what exactly are they suffering from today that was caused by western colonization ? 
  is it anything like the black americans who claim to have ptsd as a result of slavery , which ended over 150 years ago ? 
   actually it is , in most colonial holdings we suppressed native education and had white europeans do all the educated work . 
  even if what you claim is true , that just lays the blame on the ones who wanted europe out . 
  did they at any point think , `` hm , most of us ca n't even read . 
  maintaining advanced irrigation systems ( etc. ), 
  on our own probably is n't a good idea '' ? 
   i do n't recall bill gates ' cutting off your father 's hands because he did n't meet his rubber quota . 
  likewise , the current generation of europeans is n't responsible for what may have happened decades/centuries before they were born . 
   no , our nations , which believe it or not , are more than a generation old . 
  the question was asked in the video . 
  how long are europeans supposed to carry the weight of this indiscretion ? 
   and done with the complicity of our nations as well as that of the general population , but this is n't the argument we are having . 
  we are  discussing the long term effects for colonial imperialism , which you are trivializing . 
  ah , but you did bring up the supposed exploitation being carried out post-colonialism . 
  as if that was the fault of the general population . 
   maybe , but we just happened to be the ones that were good at it and did it for far longer and objectively much more recently . 
  so because we did these things more recently , we should feel more guilty about it ? 
  should young germans feel guilty about the holocaust ? 
  they had nothing to do with that either . 
   not the point i 'm making . 
  you spoke as if china was somehow `` recovered '' , which is a blatant falsehood . 
  they would have been better off without our meddling .
