the funny thing is , i have had a few english friends move to ireland and look for work as benefits here are better , your guys get paid very little competitively . 
  ireland here gtfo ,, 
  and depression is conducive to drinking , its a perpetual cycle and i do n't see any problems with it . 
  why do n't ya have a drink and cheer up . 
  * 5 . overstay your welcome * 6 . profit, 
  thats a long game to be playing , it could result in an entire generation growing up to become anti russian , if they had have waited for the current anti-russian generation to have moved out of power and politics , they might have had an easier go of it . 
  given how predictable this was , i have expect to see some established pro european politicians turn pro russian after election , because if russia was n't hedging its bets and preparing for this since before annexing chimera , i just ca n't comprehend the idea of a massive country and military force acting with out ration or plan . 
  an intriguing point to be sure , the same could be said for american news too , a lot of bullshit has been called lately , thanks to leaks like with snowden ... how much `` bullshit '' might go on that we never find out about ? 
  yeah agreed , post 2001 to before about 2012 it was fairly solid it started to go off track before ukraine but not to long before it . 
  [ my face when i know keith ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8hplfxe.gif ), 
  [ mommy make the bad man stop ] ( http://i1295.photobucket.com/albums/b624/carinavella/pics/tumblr_mbldnfi6tr1rw8654_zpsce1aa7ba.gif ), 
  i do n't think its so much what your asking for as whose asking , if you pause for a second and say `` its ok i 'm irish '' with an american accent , you are liable to be lynched on the spot . 
   ireland `` other people have a nationality . 
  the irish [ ... ] have a psychosis . '', 
  -- brendan behan ask them why the potato is their national dish and suggest they join great britain and adopt the pound to get out of the crisis . 
  say that clannad make shit music . 
  sigh , we love potatoes they are delicious . 
  the way europe is going we would get back into the uk if we could , and cameron was n't a tool , who/what even is clannad . 
  has this guy even met an irish person ? 
  if you want to piss off an irish person talk about the water tax , they will rile themselves up . 
  russian protection * * terms and conditions apply , fees for services rendered will be extracted by any means necessary . 
  sounds like an extortion racket . 
  they are likely getting it for cheap because politics , russia trying to curry favour . 
  yeah i hear that , the price of children is gon na sky rocket too . 
  clever man to bet against yourself , thats how you always win . 
  its your own fault , get yer volcano 's in order over there that shits an accident waiting to happen . 
  or rather not on the same level as spain , they are essentially the same place . 
  not sure if name is relevant ... 
  cork is n't rough , just full of . . ahem / me clears throat ... `` daft eejits '' but to sure the daftest man in all the land would likely reside there . 
  in dublin its the northside thats shit , on the north side its ballymun/finglas in ballymun it used to be the towers if you went to the ballymun towers they would say one tower was the worst of them and i 'm sure if you went into that tower they would name a floor and on that floor would be a specific flat . 
  as someone from ireland has already pointed out its cork ( used to be kerry ) i would also point out in those cities , there is an area that is the worst bit , and in those areas its usually a street that gives everything a bad name . 
  and if you go to that street and ask people living there its a particular family . 
  no matter where you go someone will always be looking down on someone else . 
  i find it amusing . 
   just as worse , if not more are you sure your british ? 
  it used to be kerry , but i guess the kerry tourism board did some hard work to lift that shame . 
  everyone in europe trusts germany to not make mistakes and generally do a competent job in everything they do . 
  the issue becomes then they apply that competence to killing us all and taking our stuff . 
  this war will be officially over before it officially starts the way russia is playing it . 
  in this age of technology its funny to see that the slow knife does indeed pierce the shield . 
  that sounds an awful lot like what people say about computer piracy ... inb4 mpaa and riaa sue france for encouraging piracy and have them removed from google, 
  plane go in sky , who need floor in sky ? 
  maybe its russia way to say sorry to malaysian airlines, 
  [ this is for you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/axjmn.gif ), 
  [ this is for you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/axjmn.gif ), 
  yeah i totally agree , the bdsm scene in the uk is totally out of hand . 
  the funny part is this will just split any votes and lessen their chances of actually getting anything done . 
  lets see what happens . 
  someone threw a shoe at bush , 2 in fact . 
  could you explain in a round about processes your political career how/why you got into it and how you ended up in the european parliament ? 
  the french and english already consolidated their aircraft carrier assets as i understand it . 
  great answer exactly what i was looking for . 
   i support it , however , there is n't any popular support for this do you think the more worried newer eastern block members of the eu will push for it , maybe create or finance some internal propaganda to drum up western support and in a non malicious way , try and subvert western opinion towards supporting it ? 
  i think i 'd be ok with it , if non contributing neutral countries that are in eu still had some power either to individually or collectively or part there of to veto it 's use , i 'm sure `` leader '' would not be a term anyone would use with it , but being honest , france , italy , germany and england would be the largest contributors and likely poland too , i 'm sure as with most things the more people ( or a country ) contributes the more say they will have in it , regardless of any democracy or power structure put in place . 
  nuclear reactors take a really long time to put together , usually like 5 years , i am likely the biggest advocate of nuclear power that i have met , but they are a long term solution not a quick fix . 
  new laws for new tech , new mechanics in the cars to make them safer over all for collision with pedestrians and other vehicles, 
  actually the cold war was n't really all that cold , korea , vietnam , afghanistan . 
  see [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_proxy_wars#cold_war_and_aftermath ) for more details the point was , and still would be that america and russia do n't want to directly go to war , which would be still true today , but they have vested interests in the opposing sides winning , thus they flood both sides with arms , equipment and supplies to bolster their respective interests . 
  russia does n't have as long a list of allies as it once had , or america currently has , and less so america as `` pro european ukraine '' has . 
  so they would likely argue about it in the un and try to cock block each other while feeding arms through anyway through 3rd parties that do n't give a fuck like israel , south africa and various `` terrorist '' organizations the same as it ever was . 
  i think demonstrating the will and ability to do it , will make america think twice before enforcing their will on the internet they value it as much as we do , and if they keep pushing we do need options . 
  a glim you say , ( sounds like a country side expression , `` we go down the town and watch ourselves a glimmer '' ) i know you mean film , and yeah i saw it , i think it would make a great tv show premis make it a bit weird , father ted meets x-files . 
  imagine that new marvel film was about irish cops ? 
  is that it ? 
  my bad, 
  an garda siochana - the guardians of the state ( which is pretty cool sounding name to be honest ), 
  i 'd imagine if someone did burn it , people would say they were with them all night and stuff . 
  you mean the newscorp site has a anonymous informant with no credibility ... 
  ukraine should pump gas into some sort of storage facility while the goings good . 
  you guys sure know a lot about luxemburg comparatively less about northern ireland and portugal , is there a tv show ab out luxembourg or some famous something ? 
  india and pakistan are pretty easy gets too , and kashmire is between them , korea is near japan and china and mongolia is north of that because of that whole wall deal . 
  maybe they were hoping it would put itself back together ? 
  [ we may as well be ] ( http://greybook.cern.ch/institutes/ ) we get out as much as we put in if not more , i think to be a member you need to contribute funding , and lest face it we do n't have the money for that either . 
  most rocket science is done on/with computers , and we export computer related experts by the boat load . 
  we also contribute heavily to cern , as far as i know about 6 of our colleges/universities contribute direct system resources so the cern internal cloud . 
  honestly i 'm surprised were even on the list , all the countries we are debating are in the same economic boat , so we place fairly predictably on that list . 
  lets be fair we have more pressing things to take care of at home . 
  how ever we are a major exporter of intellectual resources , i 'd venture a we are supplying a large portion of the brain power behind these efforts , and as far as person per % of population , i 'd bet were very high on that list if not at the top . 
  the nazi thing ? 
  i agree and i 'm a non smoker , but other non smokers can be very high and mighty and that shit pisses me off . 
  i just hate the `` look how much better i am than you because of x reason to have assumed moral highground '' group . 
  religious , anti-religious , vegetarians , meat eaters in vegetarians company ... if you really think your way of life is better , you should n't have to attack someone to prove it . 
  they should make a film about him and use chevy chase, 
  i love him , he is such a spectacle an agent of chaos . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  i think that is the biggest problem in the world , not america and not the recent generation . 
  people feeling the need to lash out at things that undermine their faith in something . 
  its like the best way people can think to show support for something , is to attack and destroy either physically or verbally the things that are opposed to their beliefs . 
  i 'm an atheist i hate religion i 'm religious so i hate atheists i 'm american so i hate non americans i 'm european so i hate americans i 'm straight so i hate gays it gets repetitive after a while , yet people still practise it . 
  a lot of paranoia too , russias biggest enemy is russia . 
  thats the issue , although i will agree during cold war era it may have been necessary , but america seems to taken this privilege for granted and it has now become an expected right in the us leadership . 
  in short they have become spoilt . 
  lets pretend that there is some magical end in sight , and terrorism goes away for ever , will american agents just wander into brussels and remove all their equipment ? 
  just like the uk to forget about us , ya pricks . 
  once the marriage is over you do n't care about us or the kids , well the kids are grown up , and i have news for you n.ireland is a useless bastard . 
  but poland is not a real place like the internet . 
  so what , insurance fraud ? 
  what else is gained by destroying this stuff ? 
  i am really disappointed in europe at the moment , we are better than this . 
  i hope we as a union of nations care enough to change our stance on this .
