  if you need the laws of god or man to know the difference between right and wrong , you are not a good person . 
  wait , you 're people ? 
  i have been meaning to contact you , get your shit together will you ? 
  he who controls the time controls the world . 
  begun the time wars have !, 
  gmt for life !, 
  because he is right . 
  the fact that nazis came to power despite their inhumanity just goes to prove my point further . 
  people can be easily manipulated by their government , the nazis are a perfect example of this . 
  i have traveled the entire world , and my [ daughter is japanese ] ( http://imgur.com/3dsde ) . 
  so you sir unlike me are wrong in your assumption . 
  national pride is one thing , but zealous belief in ones nation is greater than any other is very much an american ideal this manifest destiny ideology where they are doing gods will , you can see it in social disputes or political campaign this pandering to god , which is n't so much directed at god or doing good , but more about saying that god is on our side and no one else 's . 
  that even the wrongs they do are for the greater good . 
  this is akin to pre world war 2 japan , where they thought their emperor was a deity and that his will was above all else . 
  and to assume that i am speaking only about europe when i am speaking about the world is very ethnocentric of you . 
  i could go on to say how american culture is fairly new , and because of that it as a nation is very unsure of itself and that 's why so many people adhere to older cultures like asian culture or even irish culture as a way to give themselves a sense of chronological relevance and this manifest destiny is a way of over compensating for an overall lack of self assuredness , much like a teenager proudly displays their favorite music artist on their clothing as a way to explain to people who they are and what they are about , because they themselves are unsure . 
  but frankly i did n't want to get sucked into a strawman argument about how i am wrong because of how you made an incorrect assumption . 
  as i understand it , heartland areas tent to be more religious too . 
  1/10 americans own a passport , they rarely see the need to travel outside the us unless they want to see some cultural things , these people tend to be largely socially `` superior '' for lack of a better word compared to those who have no interest in travelling out side the us . 
  when in the us its a much different story . 
   why , of course , the people do n't want war . 
  why would some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best that he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece ? 
  naturally , the common people do n't want war ; neither in russia nor in england nor in america , nor for that matter in germany . 
  that is understood . 
  but , after all , it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along , whether it is a democracy or a fascist dictatorship or a parliament or a communist dictatorship . 
   oh , that is all well and good , but , voice or no voice , the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . 
  that is easy . 
  all you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger . 
  it works the same way in any country . '', 
  ~ hermann g\u00f6ring america is the most patriotic country in the world , and you are socially ostracized for not agreeing . 
  / u/mkvgtired showed i was wrong  `` its about 40 % not 10 % . '', 
  yes it is , but people need to say it , because everyone else who is thinking it is waiting for someone to say it first . 
  these are the same people that romanticize organised crime groups like the mafia . 
  they live a bland mundane life and want to be apart of something both greater and that allows them to feel in a position of power and control . 
  add to this a skewed perspective and ignorant mind and you can justify this as `` doing something good '' which escapes any moral obligation that they have of not hurting people . 
  suddenly they can attack people and feel good about doing it , and in control . 
  there is shit like this in every country in the world , asshole cops are a good representation of this , people who join the police to power trip . 
  i 'd imagine terrorist organisations feed almost exclusively from this demographic too . 
  because the military is comprised entirely from the people , mandatory service means nearly everyone has been in or is in the military . 
  also some people would say the government is n't entirely democratically elected . 
  also democracy when working is n't always fair . 
  if you ever lived in an apartment with a couple you will understand , 100 % of the time 33 % of the population of that apartment will be overruled on any issues that require a vote . 
  i was under the understanding that turkish military service was mandatory and that the military represented the people better then the government because of this . 
  culture is peoples national identity and i think a lot of young peoples culture is that of the internet , as much as we complain on reddit about websites like funny junk or 9gag and kids ruining the internet , the fact they are everywhere and so abundant shows how endemic the internet is for the youth of today . 
  i could see in 20 years time people identifying themselves as user 's rather than irish or german , but maybe my perspective is somewhat bias . 
  thank you for this it is very interesting stuff , almost like a mini cold war . 
  i could imagine a german officer policing greek riots , but maybe a european one . 
  when you break people down to their component parts it will always be us against them . 
  europe against america , british isles against the mainland , ireland against britain , n.ireland against ireland , dublin against cork , north dublin against south dublin . 
  whether is be sports or crime , economics or politics when you look at people in their component parts you divide them . 
  correspondingly when you look at people as a whole you unite them , using the same examples as above , football hooligans are a perfect example , people who would normally kick each others heads in at club level will go to the world cup hand in hand to `` fight '' for their country . 
  these are the irrational violent people who are more often than not are at the center of a riot or non football related violent crowd . 
  obviously we are years away from anything like a european police force , and when/if we did get one , i 'm sure they would be nothing like i suggested . 
  i feel if europe takes a strong position one way or another , the losing side will have someone to blame . 
  which could lead to issues if turkey ever joined the eu , maybe internal terrorism or maybe we would have a weak link on border security due to terrorists sympathizers . 
  obviously this is a worst case scenario and i do n't imagine there is a great chance of it happening , i do n't think the eu would be heavy handed in anyway if it did get involved and i do n't think the turkish people have an agenda other than free and proper democracy and respect of its people . 
  but there is a few hardliners in every country who support a kind of zealous patriotism which excuses them from blaming their own country for their own countries problems , the kind of xenophobic mentality that looks outwards for blame . 
  i hope things work out for them , and in time they become a strong member of the european family . 
  ( and secretly that istanbul becomes renamed constantinople ), 
  i do n't know made in china sounds good , some of those workers have been making shoes since they were kids , they are master craftsmen at this stage . 
  and everyone knows kids have nimble fingers . 
  ahh come on israel needs lebensraum just like everyone else . 
  i 'm a lord of sealand but i have never been there so i do n't think it counts . 
  the title was gifted to me . 
  also i think if there was a political schisim forced , were in bed with s.korea and china better then them , russia is doing its own thing but due to the gas and natural resources it exports to eu i 'd say they would be in bed with us and obviously the english colonies , asutrailia , new zeland and cancada ... so america would burn a great many bridges . 
  frankly i 'd love to see it happen , america needs a right kick up the hole and learn some perspective . 
  so thats why anonymous all hack from their bedrooms ? 
  maybe they are smarter then i gave them credit . 
  at least when shit went south we had someone to blame , now when the government fucks up its our fault for voting them in , democracy in action . 
  if a king fucked up this bad we would have chopped his head right the fuck off . 
  you guys used to run an empire , now you cant even get your shit organised , man what happened to you ? 
  not really , i did specifically not say `` 90 % of the reason everyone '' i said avrage people . 
  maybe google and facebook . 
  but im talking about people who use the internet sporadically , even as popular as facebook is thats 500mil users , and i think in the west its assumed by a lot of people everyone is on it , but thats clearly not the case . 
  so think generic e-mail , generic searching there is a lot of people who use the internet in a very basic way , and those people tend to use google , hell if it was n't those people yahoo and aol and bing would have died long ago . 
  just because a lot of people do n't cross into your circles of social interaction does n't mean they do not exsist and infact might be a larger majority . 
  this has to be against net neutrality or something , 90 % of the reason avrage people pay for the internet is to use google and its services . 
  its essentially a majority of oranges business . 
  i can only equate this to a cinema charging coke and popcorn suppliers for thier products , wtf . 
  and the americans ... so many americans trying to usurp our culture . 
  ireland reprasenting , ol\u00e9 , ol\u00e9 , ol\u00e9 ol\u00e9 , ol\u00e9 , ol\u00e9 ol\u00e9 , ol\u00e9 , ol\u00e9 ol\u00e9 ,, 
  i hope once the precedent is passed europe will follow suit . 
  i 'm addicted to potatos , i ca n't go on or go to work someone pay me disability please . 
  yeah well you look to close to france , we see you over there canooodleing . 
  pedco 's everyone east of germany . 
  borisi 's everyone in russia . 
  potato fuckers , ? 
  i prefear the term potato nigger thank you !, 
  then you shit heads wo n't sand bag us in the eurovision anymore , sounds good to me . 
  it ended fine , it was the bit just before it that sucked . 
  anyway europe is outta cash , so hows a bout a load , for old times sake . 
  do n't forget ireland , comeon guys do n't be like that . 
  rename instabul , constantanople , then we will see . 
  irish here , deal ! . 
  europe is a shit sugar daddy these days , the well is dry , we need in on that common wealth , specifically the wealth part . 
  i love you that you guys can take jokes . 
  jokes instead of other peoples countrys . 
  or people who hate everyone equally like me . 
  damn it romainia , you had one job to do !, 
  we nearly had a gay president , i think iceland does , so they beat us .
