  rebels and separatists which are clearly not funded by the seceded seagull state . 
  they are avian rebels , we have been continuously assured and reassured that they are not being funded by the separatist state . 
  they were off course , all they had to go on was the city lights , so they were n't after dublin but they were after the city . 
  if that makes sense . 
  i heard they were engaged by a flock of hungry seagulls in 2005 , we suffered no losses but had to issue a tactical retreat from dublin bay . 
  as i understand it the seagulls seceded in 2011 , but we maintain positive diplomatic relations . 
  well thats it , shaming and bullying someone into an apology , well there is only one reason to do that , when you know they will apologise to begin with . 
  if you know they will apologise , you know they did n't mean to offend , so before they even go asking for an apology , they already know the person they are shaming , is n't malicious . 
  they do n't go up to skin head nazi 's telling them not to be racist , or actual real unapologetic racists or misogynists , because they know they will just be told to fuck off , if not get beaten up for their trouble . 
  with that understood , its clear this 3rd wave feminism , is very intentionally based around bullying personal accommodations out of people already willing to accommodate them . 
  i was trying to wind you up because you came off as overly upset . 
  but you took it well and earned an apology , for yourself at least , i am sorry . 
  however nothing has ever been gained arguing over the pride of dead men . 
  lol, 
   especially when there 's still humans in the loop yeah , but this is germany , they may as well be machines built for precision , i 'd expect this in ireland or england , greece and italy but not germany . 
  while i say that with a joking tone , i half believe it too , maybe the person in charge was ill , or was feeling murderous or maybe an equipment failure with the sensors . 
  give all the money to europe as the eu , let them apply for a means based standardised federal welfare , adjusted for the state they are in . 
  gon na be a costly reunification , think we can beg for some reparations from the english over it ? 
  also tbh there is about 2-3 counties who would throw their toys out of the pram all together , n.ireland for me , is its own country these days , and should be respected as such . 
  the hitler comparison gets thrown around a lot , i 'd like to use it not to compare erdogan to evil , but rather the mechanisim for which hitler used to take power from an established democracy . 
  in the end people will do what they want , and an electorate will do what they want , but i ca n't help but compare the reichstag fire to the `` failed '' coup not to long ago , i put quotes around failed , because i question the legitimacy of its origin as many do with the reichstag fire . 
  regardless whether either was legitimate or not , it certainly gave cassius belli to those at the time , to take advantage of the situation . 
  a weak turkey , makes for a weak nato , and with the us looking `` interfered '' with , by russia , as well as claims of russia interfering with brexit , and thus weakening europe . 
  whether by coincidence or intent , all of russia 's opponents , eu , nato , usa are all having a hard time lately . 
  considering they are still sitting on a piece of ukraine ... 
  if i were say belarus well i 'd be watching my borders pretty hard . 
  lol fair enough , i suppose it gives you casus belli to treat them however you want , and be able to say `` we told you '' rather than being called fascists for not allowing fascist to be fascist ... 
  you should n't have said anything , like people should n't need to be told , they will get downvoted anyway ... just let them peddle their opinions as if everything is ok then ban them in bulk . 
  i feel like this comment is like the equivalent of `` no weirdo 's '' on a dating profile , personally i 'd rather the weirdos were n't hiding , so i can avoid them . 
  south korea i think has open trade with eu , as close as other eu countries have and better than us trade deals . 
  we also were part of the allies when japan was defeated by america , so we have that too . 
  japan was conquered by america during ww2 , as part of the allies , which was consisting of many european powers . 
  i 'm calling that in our favour too . 
  i 'm big on the `` lets not erode liberties to sedate terrorists '' but , i agree , battle field combatants , that have potential insight/intel should be high value targets , on top of that , it sends a message to potential defectors . 
  and reduces any national embarrassment ... or worse , potential accusations/reparations that might be asserted by a another nation . 
  like as someone from ireland , if say an irish person defected to isis and then was related or cause of a terror attack in england , i 'd imagine that could cause some political issues between the countries , because of past tensions . 
  austria , i am your fatherland . 
   but you are british , you are bally morry . 
  to me to you to me to you to me , to you, 
  agnostic theist here , also as a swede , where is kopiest or what ever that made up religon is called, 
  made more funny by the fact i was thinking germany before i clicked the scroll bar . 
  i was all like `` this guy gets it.mp3 '', 
  i was a little pissed , they have like 4 options for each major religon , and atheist and pastafarian , but they dont have agnostic theist or agnostic atheist or kopiest, 
  hey spain , ireland here . 
  we got a bone to pick with you , think just cause you got your south american buddies you do n't need to be friends with the rest of us in europe eh ? 
  yeah well screw you too !, 
  1 month of cheap phone tv and internet 20 individual cans of coke 4 meals budget meals from burger king or mc donnelles 6 days worth of inner city public transport rount trips 2 avrage meals from any takeaway, 
  i can add , east coast usa , china , korea , japan to those lists . 
  lack of fresh milk makes me home sick :(, 
  i 'm a natural english speaker , my spelling is not great as i work programming , and spend much time on computers . 
  but i am a consider myself a great orator , and have reprasented myself legally with sucess . 
  i still find myself reading , rereading every question dispite my knowledge of the language used and of the subject matter . 
  reading what you said there , gives me uncomfortable sense of expectation . 
  i. ... i have to go get my hat , it may be made of tinfoil . 
  i know sometimes eastren european countrys are have minoritys of nazi influenced racist gang types , i do n't dare assume but just to ask is this a thing in bulgaria ? 
  though again i doubt these people i speak of have the intellect or inclination to do such a thing , just broadining my understanding of europe as a whole . 
  hover over the flag it says . 
  kings of war mongering maybe , you could use some of the maturity us europeans spent 1000 's of years cultivating . 
  also go back toy our own subreddit tresspassers will be insulted , you indignant cur . 
  can ireland come too , we do n't have a history of war or invading anyone , i figure its about time we start . 
  for the emrald empire !, 
  you guys have a lot of skilled builders , before the recession hit you made our irish builders look like shit ( for good reason ), 
  jack of all trades king of none , if a sector takes a hit they are diverse enough to avoid taking to much of a fall , but they are n't specilised enough to be a `` got to guy '' for the sectors . 
  it really needs to look at what it can do best and adjust tax 's to encourage development in those areas . 
  i ask you not to publish that , so we can continue mocking americans , frankly with the state of my countrys debt , i do n't have many countrys to look on these days , times are hard . 
  collins barracks is my personal choice for awesome landmarks , though the english built it . 
   we 've managed not to get caught having a genocide in at least western europe for seventy years . 
  ftfy, 
  europe - `` alea iacta est '' let the die be cast , the original action hero tag line said by ceaser as he marched on rome , also america has no real history thats why they do n't shut up and stop starting wars , they need to make some history to talk about . 
  it took russia and america to stop germany last time , think of what we can do if we work togeather . 
  he has no flag , he is from the moon !, 
  maybe one of dem space nazis i ` erd bout . 
  and saving europe from the germans ... who were also european . 
  i still maintain it was just our civil war , we just had a better one then they did and they got jelly . 
  thats why , were all shit stirers over here . 
  not i. 
  yeah but is it worth it , dealing with all those upside down jokes , tis a high price to pay . 
  what about hibernia ? 
  albion and midgard ? 
  that was made 10 times better because of your german flair . 
  i 'm irish and i can confirm that we are not iceland , though sometimes i wish we were ... 
  not germany ? 
  not even a little bit ... are you sure ? 
  when they call it constantinople they can join the eu , and not before . 
  rape and pillage like the olden times ? 
  i am irish and i can confirm this . 
  i will try to get back to you , ca n't promise it will be any time soon though . 
  ahh yeah i actually prefer js to ruby nothing wrong with the languages , just ca n't comprehend doing a programming language by hand personally i have n't written anything more then a signature or shopping list in about 12 years, 
  i 'm sorry you are going to have to explain it to me , either there is a joke i do n't get or i 'm an idiot ... more likely both . 
  i am going to cite that i had a test to day in javascript ... and it was a hand written exam and my brain is fried . 
  as an excuse . 
  we did n't change the side of the road we drive on , and i have heard nothing indicating we ever will . 
  which means the steering is on the same side as it is in uk but we have different speedometers adding a bit more to the expense of our cars . 
  purpose built for a small population like us . 
  [ just said the same thing ] ( http://moblog.net/media/f/i/n/findogask/tesco-price-beating.jpg ), 
  no they do n't , if you look at the price there is a smaller price next to them on the bar code , indicating prices per 1 unit of metric value . 
  [ this includes special offers ] ( http://moblog.net/media/f/i/n/findogask/tesco-price-beating.jpg ) this also allows customers to navigate the price between bulk buys and smaller amounts on special offer . 
  ireland here we went through the change recently , it was n't that bad . 
  our biggest issue is we drive on the same side of the road as you do but now our cars have kmph speedometers , as you can imagine ireland shares a lot of its market with england so i think this was the first thing we did with out your lead, 
  ireland here , if i could vote for germany i would you guys do a better job then our own government .
