he probably left because they would n't execute his financial plan of buying crates and keys in bulk . 
  well , we ca n't have him distracted by his homeland 's financial crisis , we need him to sort the new tf2 update out !, 
  oh , do n't worry , you made headlines for a big part of 2014 , so i 'm fairly accustomed to hearing about scotland more than i thought i would . 
  anyway , i was thinking mostly about the monetary side of the issue , thanks for pointing out how it would also primarily be a matter of cultural differences . 
  so , just how far fetched were scotland 's claims at becoming part of the nordics ? 
  ( assuming they had seceded ), 
  rude . 
  i prefer the term `` delicate '' . 
  it 's stupid . 
  it 's a non issue that 's being treated as one . 
  most civilized countries are getting on with the times , and now we 'd have to begin such a slow process for no real reason . 
  i know , i 'm a fool for not having let this infuriating country lower my standards yet ... 
  it 's amost current year plus one !, 
  ... do you want a catholic church and neo fascist right wing ? 
  selling them for real cheap . 
  heck , i 'm paying you to take them . 
  plz . 
  as much as being grey sucks , if we turn light blue instead of dark blue i 'm gon na be just as pissed . 
  `` other type of partnership '' is not equality in my book . 
  it 's almost 2016 ffs , why tiptoe around granting basic rights to people ... 
  many italian dialects , especially the southern ones , have few ties with the main italian language . 
  some , like sardinian or calabrese , are impossible to understand even to other italians . 
  one of the biggest challenges once italy was reunited was to try and teach the italian language to the whole population , which at that point only spoke regional dialects ; public tv ( rai ) played an important role in that . 
  yeah , that 's why i said almost . 
  though it 's pretty close , its kinda impressive, 
  you can almost make the new zealand red peak too , if you cut at a skewed angle near the middle of the cross, 
  detroit is the naples of the us . 
  if only there were a system that allowed citizens to elect representatives to better understand the implications of laws and propositions and to then vote on their behalf ... 
  some might argue that going through with article 50 as soon as possible would be the real victory , since it is the will of the people . 
  then again , some might argue that direct democracy is foolish and that representative democracy is where it 's at . 
  i mean , it 's the kind of insult that 's only one in the insulter 's eyes . 
  like dumb preteens using `` gay '' as an insult ( which is exactly what this cartoon is doing , funnily enough ) . 
  yeah , we already know we are all rich gay piggies , nothing new for us . 
  then i guess it 's femininity as whole to be shunned by the russians , if [ these ] ( https://dvsgaming.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/zarya.jpg ) are your women ( unless a cartoony first person shooter lied to me , which would be ridiculous ) . 
  oh you disgust me . 
  ( call me ), 
  been on tumblr . 
  same thing . 
  i 'm being told girls can have penises too . 
  too soon, 
  that 'd actually hurt our tourism pretty bad . 
  fair enough, 
  `` the singular they had emerged by the 14th century and is common in everyday spoken english , but its use has been the target of criticism since the late nineteenth century . 
  its use in formal english has increased with the trend toward gender-inclusive language . '', 
  i 'll just leave it at that . 
  i literally ca n't, 
  did you really think this one through ? 
  `` he '' can be cofused with the gender-specific `` he '' though , making people think that the subject is specifically male . 
  `` they '' avoids this , because even though it 's the same as the plural `` they '' , plurality/singularity can easily be otherwise deduced from the context . 
  i mean , they tried making languages from scratch , like esperanto , and it did n't work really well . 
  for now all the languages we 've got have evolved in a `` darwinistic '' way , and are imperfect . 
  `` i 'm just glad op googled it instead of taking a picture of the screen with ... op 's phone . '', 
  that 's literally how language works though . 
  if it 's used , enough , it `` becomes '' right . 
  i 'd say centuries of common usage is enough . 
  they . 
  the word you are looking for is they ( their ) . 
  counterterrorists win, 
  what do you mean , we share the same color as san marino and vatican city . 
  malta is on the map too . 
  * gesticulates in disgust *, 
  hey , if they like their food to taste like literal garbage , i 'm not stopping them . 
  well said . 
  i do n't know what your version of `` ketchup on pasta '' is , but i 'm sure people celebrating around the world at least get the right spirit . 
  i guess i should ask them too . 
  but i mean , if chad from brooklyn who 's 1/19th dubliner can celebrate , i do n't see why they would n't . 
  what are your feelings about them actually ? 
  do you include them in your celebration of irish identity ? 
  does n't he play for juventus ? 
  what did we do wrong ... 
  i thought we had a good thing going, 
  that oven was made by europeans , just like america . 
  a monty python sketch for every occasion, 
  the last part of my brain that even remotely remembered some high school latin just collapsed . 
  cheers , liguria is still ours anyway basically . 
  hey , back off . 
  if things are to go back to how they were , let us piedmontese handle it . 
  make rome great again . 
  you use wealthiness as the sole factor to judge an entire country , and have the nerve to call other people sad . 
  we 've had a tornado already . 
  a tornado . 
  he was likely being sarcastic . 
  sometimes i wonder if italy is even real . 
  and i live in it . 
  i get it , stereotypes . 
  although , not that fair a point since u/hexalby was making an hyperbole about australia 's wildlife , while your examples are about cultural habits . 
  actually it happens rather often that the police will randomly show up at train stations and check people 's ids . 
  i still personally choose to believe that that kindness has helped much more than it has caused harm . 
  intel maybe ? 
  oh , definitely . 
  cultural habits stem from geographical reasons . 
  or whatever country spends the most time on their pc instead of going outside to play . 
  thinking of our last meme war with / r/sweden . 
  our gofri tend to be more crunchy than the typical breakfast waffle ; the go-to topping , especially for the kids , is of course nutella ( which is also piemontese in origin ) . 
  facts lost all importance a long time ago . 
  paging / r/pyongyang we have a guy shit talking best korea here . 
  the snail eaters really know their wine too . 
  they definitely want the south . 
  i 'm not even sure they know the north exists . 
  besides , the north already belongs to the chinese , especially milano .
