germans can get really angry when a neighbour starts mowing his lawn ( or producing other noises ) on sunday or generally between 13:00 and 15:00 . 
  source : i 'm a german and i 'm getting angry everytime it happens . 
   :( i think i could n't live in a big city . 
  i do n't know , i think i 'm just confused and do n't really understand the map . 
  but we germans like to be grumpy on politics anyway , you could be right . 
  so germany favours the np but trusts the ep more ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  no , `` ihr seid '' is correct . 
  i think we ( germany ) coud n't stay passiv if the nato would do something . 
  but there will be votes next month , so germany waits and looks what happend before saying anything . 
  our airforce could help a lot , we have about 600 taurus cruise missiles . 
  crytek is from germany ? 
  do n't forget elsass , lothringen and east-prussia . 
  edit : switzerland stays neutral . 
   when the southern european countries begged for assistance in the refugee crisis , germany could n't care less about their so called solidarity . 
  they said : `` haha , it 's your problem !, 
  deal with it ! '', 
  nope , germany said : `` okay , refugees , come to us then !, 
  we 'll find a middle-term solution later . '', 
  which is what everyone then criticized and what lead us to the current situation . 
  the german government argued for a distribution system and is still trying to establish one . 
  sad , but probably true . 
  also sad because the global relevance of all current eu members would decrease without the union , especially economical . 
  the usa and china do n't face such internal disputes . 
  and our dependence on their markets would increase . 
  but kinda ironical that the most famous and prestigious european award is the charlemagne prize . 
  that the last stable union was forced by a fanatic conqueror in the dark ages and that democratic leaders chose his name for this reward . 
   self inflicted ah yeah , the famous german colonialism in the middle east which caused all these failed states . 
  and the famous german lead military interventions in and against these failed states . 
  / s we did n't caused this , we 're just the ones who try to help . 
  we could 've also just pointed at the south europeans who had no choice and say : `` haha , it 's your problem !, 
  deal with it ! '', 
  every distribution system the german government suggested was about distributing the refugees according to the economical power . 
  so we would take most of the refugees anyway . 
  and all refugees who are already in germany will stay here . 
  it 's just about a fair distribution of arriving asylum seekers . 
  and asylum is a human right , no matter of being `` morally superior '' . 
  and what banking crisis are you talking about ? 
  the one we stay pay for , because some countries are not able to fight the corruption within their system ? 
  yep , it 's so arrogant of us to pay everyone 's bills and honor human rights while the others laugh and think it 's not their problem . 
  sorry , i 'm so ashamed of my arrogance . 
  it 's probably because we are nazis . 
  yep , that 's the glorious european solidarity and unity at work . 
  everyone points at it when there 's money to gain but if a european crisis endures , they turn away and laugh at the countries who ( has to ) face it . 
  you do n't have to force them to stay somewhere , i think i phrased this wrong . 
  register their fingerprints and assign them . 
  so they ca n't get asylum somewhere else , which means they 're illegal there and get no money . 
  i 'm sure every european refugee camp is a better place to live than an autobahn bridge . 
  they would want to stay where they are . 
  well , they do n't get money in another country , and no work permission , no one pays their rent , etc. 
  i 'm pretty sure that living in an hungarian camp is still better then living on the street in germany . 
   migrants does not want to stay in poland . 
  i know that sounds harsh , but no one gives a fuck what the refugees want . 
  the refugees / asylum seekers have no right to chose the country , that 's also what our ( german ) minister of inner affairs thomas de maizi\u00e8re said just two days ago . 
  and i think that 's not just the german point of view . 
  if there will be any kind of eu agreement , they will be forced to stay where ever they got appointed to . 
  the debate is not about what the refugees want , it 's about common distribution rules . 
  nope . 
  which is also the case because luthers language then became something like a very early standard german . 
  people started to considered something to be `` good german '' if luther used it . 
  there were definitely way more variations than today or even during medieval times . 
  pre medieval / `` dark age '' middle europe had way more natural barriers than a few centuries later . 
  `` proto-germanic '' is a purely hypothetical construct , it 's what we imagine to be a common denominator of the different languages . 
  it 's a way to say that some languages have more in common with each other than with other languages - which could be a sign for common ancestors or just more cultural contact . 
  just to make this clear : all the `` proto '' languages are not actual languages . 
  no one ever spoke proto-germanic , this is not like the bible story about the tower of babel and the confusion of languages . 
  these are just theoretical languages linguists use to explain the connections between real languages . 
  germanic people etc always spoke differently . 
  edit : the downvotes are funny . 
  do people really think that all the pre medieval germanic tribes spoke the same standardized language ? 
  and then , as soon as text sources become a thing , all the languages split up ? 
  the german language was n't really standardized until the late 19th century . 
  i think it would be a joke if he would 've been clearly french . 
  well , he kinda was . 
  neither germany nor france existed back then , obliviously , but karl was frankish . 
  he spoke the frankish language , which was a germanic / old-german dialect . 
  the franks were a germanic tribe . 
  so he was neither german or french , but calling him french is even more wrong than calling him german imo . 
  breaking news : selfies still allowed !!!, 
  it 's a greek word ( like many in germanic languages ) but not a greek idea . 
  it 's a continent . 
  austria was german the same way saxon , prussia and bavaria were ( and are ) german . 
  well , austria was one of the german countries and part of the hre . 
  an austrian product was also a german product . 
  i just checked it and you 're right , my bad . 
  but its at least dangerous if you 're older than 21 , because it 's illegal to `` take advantage of naivete '' in this case . 
  so it kinda depends on the judge , i guess . 
  edit : spelling, 
  you have to be less than 21 years old in germany , though . 
  and you 're not allowed to pay for it or use influence from student/teacher relationships etc. 
  yeah . 
  although it 's kinda debatable what the `` correct '' name is . 
  we called our country * regnum teutonicorum * ( = kingdom of the teutons , referring to the teutonic tribe ) since the 11th century ( when latin was the language of the educated upper class ) then * sacrum romanum imperium * ( to suggest a continuity between the ancient roman empire and medieval germany ) and then * sacrum romanum imperium nationis germanic\u00e6 * . 
  so we called ourselves teutons , romans , and germanics at some points of history . 
  ( although the german term `` deutsch '' developed parallel and was used at the same time . ), 
  in addition to what nofknwaydude wrote : `` alemannisch '' is what we still call a variety of south german dialects . 
  but we do n't know for sure where the polish , russian , etc. 
  name comes from afaik . 
  you 're holland as much as we are alemanni ( arabic , french , italian , kurdish , ... ) or saxons ( estonian , finnish ) . 
  deal with it .
