  you do realize that historically irish people were considered beneath whites ? 
  compared to animals and considered uncivilized ? 
  biological essentialism based on race has been debunked for a long time , buddy, 
  that 's a good one !, 
  voldemort hid there for awhile, 
  you dumbasses do call yourself `` radicals '', 
  it is much easier to be frightened of the unknown than those you live among . 
  there 's a reason that urban folk who live among muslims are n't as anti-refugee as rural areas, 
  i do n't know if he can match the fascist communist atheist muslim kenyan president, 
   n organization whose website features slogans such as `` no justice , no peace '' , which in chants is usually followed by `` fuck the police '' what 's wrong with requiring justice in order for there to be peace ? 
  not all cultures are equal , but cultures are not stagnant either . 
  if you had asked me 100 years ago , i 'm not sure i 'd prefer either to the other . 
  if you asked me 1000 years ago , its even harder to say . 
  `` european culture '' ( which is nonexistant , given the vast number of unique cultures in the region ) did n't start to become first class until after world war ii . 
  america still has n't reached that level . 
  you ca n't project the cultures from today and assume what they will be in 100 years . 
  perhaps we will be the backwards ones by that point . 
  seriously , on one hand these idiots think that all muslims are barbaric , uncivilized , and incompetent . 
  on the other , they are telling me that 1.8 billion people are part of the same conspiracy . 
  it 's like obama derangement syndrome, 
  you realize the vast majority of posters here are anti-immigration and if you say anything remotely positive about refugees , or refuse to condemn them , you get downvoted to hell , right ? 
  i 'm always surprised that this sub proclaims to dislike trump and le pen , yet speaks like far right nativists everytime anything related to migration or non-whites comes uo, 
  but but i thought gay rights was this major european value that is such a part of the culture here !, 
  human rights do n't go `` out of date '', 
  i wish minnesota was a canadian province :(, 
  this sub is basically r/european when it comes to refugees and migration, 
   lesser extent african americans in the us hard to meld into society when you are slaves for most of their time in the country and then were prevented from melding by segregation for another 100 years, 
  i wo n't speak for relatively recent european laws , but sodomy was punishable in america until very recently . 
  acting like the west has always been some bastion of acceptance for the lgbt community does a disservice to the decades and centuries of work activists had to put in just to be seen as peopld, 
  you would have said the same thing about christianity and widespread lgbt acceptance 50 years ago, 
  secular islam was common across the middle east until the cold war fucked over countries like iran and saudi arabia got to use american money to fund wahhabi missions, 
  as someone who lives in a country where our cities actually have non-negligible amounts of violence , i can tell you that only the paranoid worry about it . 
  i imagine it 's similar to protestantism over here in the us . 
  no one would say the elca and southern baptist convention are at all similar , but both fall under protestantism, 
  trump refers to himself in 3rd person frequently , especially in tweets, 
  this out of context meme needs to end, 
   very few christians believe that the old testament with all its god-approved genocide is how we should live our lives . 
  the old testament 's commands are mostly ignored , except for the 10 commandments . 
  that is 100 % false . 
  you are thinking of catholics , not evangelicals, 
  no one is pandering or apologizing for the views and actions of isis and extremists . 
  we defend the vast majority of muslims who unfairly get lumped in with said groups . 
  some commonality , certainly , but the differences can be substantial enough that different groups do n't consider certain groups `` true christians '' ( a large number of american evangelicals consider catholics an anti-christian cult , for instance ) . 
  then there a groups that consider the bible the inerrant word of god to the point that they reject all science and refuse to believe any of the old testament could be allegorical . 
  that puts them at odds with catholics and other christian sects that fully accept science . 
  finally , there 's the conflicting ideas of how much the old testament is to be listened to . 
  you might think these are minor , but the difference in focusing on teaching a loving god ( catholics , mainline protestants , etc ) and a hateful , `` just '' god ( most evangelicals ) leads to very different types of christians and people . 
  i do n't think using either is proper , to be clear . 
  i only support the initial post in that it shows how nonsensical putting that many people in a box is . 
  hell , if you want a `` better '' example of how nonsensical it is , would you really put all american christians in a box ? 
  after all the internal conflict they have ? 
  there is a lot of ideological diversity there just like there is with muslims . 
  and tokyo itself does n't have that much political significance in the grand scheme of things either, 
  yes , their demographic problems and the fact that native japanese are n't reproducing means that not allowing immigration is n't an issue at all / s, 
  do you also view conservatives as a threat ? 
  would you view most of european society less than 100 or even 50 years ago a threat ? 
  if we can put all 2 billion muslims in a box , surely we can classify all europeans together, 
   cnn is more factual , but they 're also shit , because they spend hours covering one story , which they 've blown out of proportion , while ignoring other news which is arguably more important . 
  but what about the missing plane ? 
  europe has been too busy being at war with each other for most of its history to have been at war with muslims outside of a few major conflicts such as the crusades, 
   but , when a woman wears a burqa/hijab/veils their other freedoms get narrowed . 
  they do n't swim/sunbathe properly , they do n't become artists like painters , singers , they do n't become independent businesswomen , they ca n't do a lot of things men can do mostly because of strict religious rules or overwhelming pressure by the enclosed society they live in . 
  i 'm concerned with saying anyone is doing things `` properly '' based on their clothing ( note : i 'm still for bans of burqinis and stuff , just not for this particular brand of argument ) . 
  furthermore , the mere banning of clothing is n't going to change any of the issues you point out - it is a correlation , but while i think there is a causation where being oppressed can lead to the wearing of modest clothing ( though , for the record , there are non oppressed people who wish to do so as well . 
  i have a friend who is a very liberal , progressive catholic , but is very much anti-sexualization and will often wear what is considered modest `` old people '' clothing , such as `` granny scarves '' , which come from a less open era ) , i do n't believe changing the clothing changes the culture . 
  the hijab is also a much different beast than the burqa , niqab , and burkini . 
   sometimes , like in france , constitutional basis is found for forbidding face covering , and then the constitutional foundation is used to balance and deny , in this case , the other constitutional principle ( freedom of expressing religious beliefs ) . 
  i thought france does n't have a freedom to express religious belief , at least in public ? 
  unscrupulous generally is n't it - its usually disaffected young men who are n't fitting in - they then become radicalized into a family or group that understands them . 
  while the resulting communities differ based on culture , ethnicity , and the like , those who are susceptible to radicalization are surprisingly consistent across groups . 
  tell me what is good about the same people doing the same things , eating the same bland food , and having the same belief system . 
  variety is the spice of life for a reason hell , even european variety is at least something . 
  so many of your cultures are n't at all similar or homogenous . 
  not trolling . 
  homogeneous is boring and limiting . 
  i 've lived in those areas and i hated it . 
  this is why urban life is the best . 
  yes , all of your countries had the same ethnic groups . 
  definitely not disparate groups that ended up conquering each other . 
  given you guys are trying so hard to be the us with the eu , yes yes you are jealous . 
  and our melting pot is great . 
  diversity is wonderful . 
  stagnation sucks . 
  i got stuck in a homogenous part of the country for a bit and ugh . 
  the worst, 
  your eu is attempting to emulate us , so yea you are . 
  melting pot is great - stagnation is bad, 
  your eu is attempting to emulate us , so yea you are . 
  melting pot is great - stagnation is bad, 
  no profit if it ca n't stir up hatred of muslims, 
  was ready to condemn this ( title made it sound like they decided to just go to a private religious site on their own ) , but it sounds like it was a city-sponsored event in a public location that happens to have a statute of mary , who is an important figure for both catholics and muslims . 
  you want integration ? 
  you start with the things groups have in common, 
  this , minus the / s, 
  clever, 
  you do n't agree that fear leads to a drastic curtailing of rights ? 
  do i need to point you to how so many fascist regimes came into power ? 
  hitler created fear of the other as well . 
  the destruction of liberal institutions , rights , freedoms is far more consequential than any terrorist or mass murderer could ever hope to be, 
  i do n't give a damn about mercy for terrorists - i give a damn about losing rights and becoming a more hateful society where more violence happens as a result of fear .
