  how so ? 
  i never said anything positive about violent protest . 
  i 'm just not naive enough to think peaceful protest works, 
  stupid . 
  peaceful protest has never led to anything meaningful . 
  waste of time for a large number of people, 
   you are only trying to make the country look bad in front of others your country does n't need any help with that, 
  the only european value to these people is being anti-muslim . 
  and what happens when there are so many refugees that the border countries become overwhelmed ? 
   poles have been to europe . 
  they 've seen the dutch complain about turks and moroccans , the germans complain about turks , the french complain about algerians , the english complain about pakistanis . 
  poles also know the ghettos many of these people live in . 
  why do poles go somewhere where they are n't wanted ? 
  i 've never heard a western european say anything good about the poles . 
  almost sounds like its too hard for you to integrate too , 
  the quotas were sensible as well , as determined by a majority of the eu . 
   you 're just an edgy kid with a superiority complex based on your birth country you 're saying this with a straight face as you have your own superiority complex against non-europeans ? 
  you guys just elected the most pro-migrant candidate for president . 
  i do n't think you get to say that, 
  brexit was building a long time before the term `` refugee crisis '' meant anything to anyone . 
  a lot of it was dislike for eastern europeans, 
  marxism is a weirdly broad category of believes . 
  my understanding is that most can fall into two categories - state communism or anarcho-communism . 
  state communism is where the state , run by the proletariat , controls all the means of production and all industry . 
  leninism and maoism are the two most known examples of this . 
  anarcho-communism would dissolve the state and the proletariat citizens of the world would come together and take `` from each according to his ability , to each according to his need '' . 
  think true utopianism . 
  now , in reality i would hypothesize that any anarcho-communist society would eventually devolve into state communism . 
  but those who are proponents of anarcho-communism are not aiming for such an end result . 
  the point being , you can hold viewpoints that are both anarchist and marxist . 
  note : this is n't my area of expertise by any means - this is a very broad overview of a very intricate set of philosophies/societal structures . 
  why has n't this `` silent majority '' risen up anywhere in european elections ? 
   they prob think that peaceful protest does n't lead to anything so they go for a violent one . 
  it makes you wonder if they actually do care about stuff , or just like to be violent . 
  they are n't wrong that peaceful protests do n't ever do anything . 
  and they do care about things , even if they are n't going about things in the best manner . 
  in the words of martin luther king , `` a riot is the voice of the unheard '', 
  anarcho-communism is a thing, 
  i have the exact opposite experience, 
   i remember an interview with one of those people . 
  are they wrong ? 
  when was the last time a peaceful protest changed anything without it being the better alternative to an ongoing violent protest ? 
   remember that if you ever get a heart attack alone at home or an accident and need police help i wo n't speak for european police , but i probably would n't ever risk asking for police help in america . 
  the police are not your friends here . 
  this sub is pretty pro-right on some issues , namely immigration, 
  it 's more that this is meant to be a broad sub discussing a number of european people , cultures , and issues , whether contemporary or historical . 
  having a flood of a `` series '' taking up the entire front page stifles all other discussion in favor of the one topic . 
  the mods hav n't deleted anything - they made a sticky topic for `` scumbags of europe '' , which allows for discussion of them as well as not drowning out other conversations that may be wanted . 
  low bar , to be fair, 
  someone is clearly arguing in good faith, 
  why on earth should we like poles ? 
  low key candidate for most dangerous man in trumps ear since he is the most forgotten one, 
  i 've noticed . 
  no one else is stupid enough to support trump, 
  why should the eu value a country that only wants the benefits of being part of the union without any of the burden ? 
  that 's not a decision to value poland more than migrants , but a decision to ensure the integrity of the union moving forward . 
  otherwise , you open the door to a future where no one in the eu fulfills any responsibilities because `` we do n't want to . 
  deal with it '', 
  arguments were made for decades against those groups in the united states . 
  you act like these arguments about immigrants are new and unique to mena . 
  they are n't . 
  hell , in early america , benjamin franklin was in staunch opposition to german immigrants because their culture was incompatible and they were non-white `` savages '' . 
  the eu would be better off without poland . 
  perhaps cee as a whole . 
  i hate trump , but i would n't mind him leaving cee to russia 's mercy either . 
  exactly what the backwards cretins deserve, 
  holy hell the alarmism that europe is going to become majority muslim is amusingly pathetic, 
  if you wo n't follow the obligations , why should you receive the same rights and privileges ? 
  being in the eu means you ca n't say no to whatever you like - you are part of a group that has appointed leaders and you have to follow their directives presuming they come from a majority . 
  otherwise , there is no reason to have an eu, 
  those regions are gorgeous in the summer , though . 
  much better than the rest of the country burning their asses off, 
  if the royal family enables the wahhabists ( which they do , especially financially ) ) does this not make them just as culpable ? 
  i would n't mind, 
  false . 
  somalis are doing decently well here in the twin cities , and will be assimilated in another generation or so , same as every other immigrant group in our history, 
  the user i was responding to originally had used the term `` of the same stock '' in a different post in this same thread . 
  it was clearly meant in a racial way . 
  in the context of my conversation with him , bringing race into it is perfectly legitimate . 
  frankly , the number of islamic terrorist attacks over here is small , especially compared to mass shootings , gang violence , and even police shootings . 
  you bring up two instances from last year and off-hand i think there may be enough attacks we can trace back to somali immigrants that will fit on both of my hands . 
  it 's not something we worry about here in the twin cities . 
  some out-staters are paranoid and think we are a sharia-law warzone , but there 's not really anything to be concerned about . 
  i wo n't speak for european urbanites , but here in the states most of us who actually live and work among diverse populations , including muslims , do n't fear our neighbors so much . 
  i 'm more concerned about the self-centered asshole idiots who are driving and biking in our streets . 
  given the general lack of somali attacks and the culture they 've brought , as well as the good we 've been able to do for them , i am quite happy to accept more somalis to america . 
  integration also takes time as well - usually a 3-4 generation on this side of the pond . 
  using the somali population as an example , there appears to be a slow but steady movement of young women to decreasing the use of the niqab ( which i do abhor ) in favor of wearing the hijab . 
  even if you dislike the hijab , i think we can agree it 's a step forward , no ? 
  more are also becoming involved in community and social organizations , and we actually just elected our first somali-american representative to the minnesota state house , ilhan omar . 
  i think progress is happening and integration is continuing to increase . 
  that being said , we do have much more experience integrating large foreign groups into our melting pot than you guys do over there . 
  which is why i think integration has n't been quite as strong there as it has been in the us, 
  poor integration is one thing . 
  blaming it on race is another . 
  and yes , there would likely be poor integration of irish people if there had n't been the grand european experiment post-wwii also , i 've lived near lots of somalians here in minnesota . 
  they are great :d, 
  on one hand they claim they want to preserve european culture , lifestyle , and ideals . 
  on the other , they want to blow up european culture , the eu , and are willing to be violent to do so . 
  yet , they do n't see this as contradictory ?
