  a disproportionate fear , given how much more likely we are to die of a million other things . 
  eh , the evolution of religious traditions over thousands of years puts that in dispute . 
  hell , there 's enough disagreements that there are something like 72,000 sects of protestant christianity, 
  no , aka sharing the burden of the international law requirement to assist refugees . 
  the eu is designed for countries to share burdens . 
  you ca n't take the good parts of being in the eu and not accept being part of the more difficult parts and expect not to be sanctioned, 
  yes , i 'm so scared of all these cultures we have here in the states . 
   culture mixing i assume you are anti intra-european mixing , then ? 
  very disparate cultures, 
  you 're the one claiming all white people are super duper similar , even though we 've spent most of our history trying to annihilate each other over our differences, 
  hell , in america we did n't even treat the irish or italians as properly white for decades, 
  you first, 
  terrorists have political goals - and they are succeeding in them as right wingers keep winning and as we discuss tearing up human rights law . 
  human lives are at stake in plenty of other decisions as well , but we do n't discuss criminalizing those who wish to lessen housing regulations , even though that will kill more people . 
  we do n't talk about deporting drunk drivers , even though you are 100x more likely to die from a drunk driver than a terrorist . 
  and yet , here we are , telling thousands of people that they are n't allowed to flee wartorn areas and need to just accept their death . 
  the asylum seekers hav n't been the ones committing attacks , it 's been homegrown radicalized disaffect men . 
  same as every other extremist group of any creed . 
  first time immigrants are fleeing for a reason . 
  if your fear is now outweighing your love of your fellow man , we have lost . 
  the terrorists have won, 
  conservatives and their hatred of regulations are a greater threat to europeans than muslims ever will be, 
   very few muslims condemn islamic terror [ that is an entirely false right wing talking point . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/shortcuts/2017/mar/26/muslims-condemn-terrorism-stats ) being downvoted in the new r/european for showing facts . 
  why am i not surprised ? 
  the initial post was implying that the terrorist had the correct view of islam - it clearly was not speaking just to the state of mind of the attacker . 
  so that makes them theological experts ? 
  pardon me if i do n't take an extremist 's view seriously, 
  yes , that 's why poles flee to actually work ( and burglarize ) other countries, 
  i doubt anyone else gets 72 percent youth turnout . 
  his favorability will keep rising as the blairites fall in line, 
  even most non-evangelicals or literalists will still say it is god 's word , just disseminated and interpreted by man . 
  it 's a debatable issue of theology and saying it is clearly one way or another is laughable, 
   it 's not the common practice to slam islam or the likes , hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  most of us are . 
  and yet we 're still liked more than you guys :d, 
  everytime i see poland in the news , i see why the rest of my european friends hate the poles so much . 
  come over here and talk to evangelicals, 
   at the end of the day , people like may and trump are idiots . 
  they surely are out of touch . 
  but they are still human . 
  and they are doing what they think is right i wo n't speak for may , but i can assure you trump is n't doing what he thinks is right . 
  he 's doing what he thinks is best for himself, 
  i do n't know about your side of the pond , but over here politicians get compared to robots a lot . 
  the biggest example last year was marco rubio , whose entire campaign died when his [ programming broke down at the new hampshire debate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnrnhgi1rzu ), 
  bill did n't think so, 
  dabbing always leads to losses, 
  please clap :'(, 
  so it 's not a total `` top 2 move to the final '' like the presidential election ? 
  the first generation never will . 
  immigrants to the us did n't either . 
  there 's a reason the stereotype of asian immigrants not knowing how to speak english exists you know, 
  people integrate from exposure . 
  kids go to school and pick up culture . 
  they become half and half . 
  their kids start from there and become even further along . 
  then again , you 're from the donald , so you probably think first gen chinese immigrants became perfect english speakers and threw away their culture the instant they moved to the us, 
  i often wonder if the reason the us ( and canada ? ), 
  are more accepting of face coverings is because of how popular hoodies are over here . 
  when i 've been over to europe , i do n't recall seeing many in any of the countries i visited , though i may just have missed whether it was . 
  you can actually see more of someone 's face under a hijab than a hoodie pulled all the way up !, 
  certainly , but there are 2 key components to keep in mind . 
  first , we do n't want alienation of muslims when they are doing something so innocuous as wearing the hijab . 
  if we allow them into our spaces without judgment now , we are more likely to have our culture seep in . 
  if we make them afraid , they will retreat into their culture and it may become worse . 
  sometimes incremental improvements are what is needed . 
  my second point actually addresses that - oftentimes a muslim woman who is a 2nd or 3rd generation immigrant and is wearing a hijab while her mother may still wear a niqab . 
  i actually see this in minneapolis ( the city with the highest somali population in the states ) . 
  you 'll see many middle aged and older woman wearing the niqab when you go through cedar-riverside ( `` little somalia '' ) , but its becoming more common to see younger women and girls wearing hijabs . 
  that is progress and sometimes that has to come slowly . 
  this seems like too easy a binary though . 
  children want to be like other children , so there would certainly be an internal push to not want to hear the hijab in a school that is mostly european , but what about community or family events when their cousins or other child relatives are wearing hijabs ? 
  not to mention that children at that age want to emulate important adults in their life . 
  the brain will push in both directions of conformity . 
   it seems like you 're saying that any newcomer should discard of their own attitudes and traditions upon arrival , which translates basically to complete assimilation , which i think ought to be the norm . 
  that generally is n't even possible - the human brain does n't work that way . 
  even with more `` similar '' cultures migrating to the us ( i.e. 
  italians around 100-150 years ago ) , no one completely assimilates and the assimilation that does take place happens over 3-4 generations . 
  hijabs are a silly thing to complain about - no different than wearing a hood , hat , or other sort of religious or cultural head covering . 
  it 's the niqabs , burqas , etc. 
  which are horrendous . 
  i 'm ok for the full banning of the latter groups of clothes , and fine with measures to ensure that women wearing hijabs are doing so of their own volition , but nothing further . 
  the twin cities, 
  i miss madrid, 
  it will be extremely painful ... for you, 
  60 percent of our states allow the death penalty, 
  i know who i want to play poker with, 
  trump has already demonstrated he does n't care about the shared history or any common goals . 
  the conservatives have no bargaining power right now, 
  sinn fein declaring they are going to actually sit in protest should happen - would be the ending this election deserves edit : this is n't what i 've read will happen . 
  its what would be a perfect ending to this clusterfuck, 
  but the scots voted to stay in on the understanding britain would stay in the eu, 
  unfortunately , the same sentiment was said around the world about trump, 
  if you can find me one post where i 've praised the political situation in the united states in comparison to france , i might actually dignify this nationalistic rant with a response . 
  le pen , fillon , and melenchon garnered about 60 percent of the vote . 
  that 's not a good sign, 
  i 'm hoping it 's a `` you need to vote for labour and not gamble on a coalition with your preferred party '' move and not actually serious . 
  but corbyn has some pretty good highs and some pretty terrible lows , so neither would surprise me, 
  it 's led to the largest period of relative peace in european history . 
  do you really want to go back to warring against each other every other decade ?
