italy would n't cause an international incident by attacking a boat . 
  they 'll just bar them from docking in italy and being them go court . 
  not to mention seoul would be decimated before we could arrive, 
  not at all - you can still be reassured by a conservative but not by donald trump . 
  pretty sexist against your daughter, 
  you could say the same thing about most areas - african , european , etc. 
  all are made up of vastly different cultural groups, 
  the fact you think it is ok to speak of muslims in one way but that it is unacceptable to do the same for eastern europeans demonstrates your own prejudices, 
  better build a wall to keep the savage poles out of civilized europe !, 
  that is unrealistic - it would require all the surrounding countries to just allow that to happen . 
  human history demonstrates that states will not just sit back and watch their neighbors have greater resources without trying to do anything about it . 
  at best , there will be large amounts of resentment , creating negative diplomacy , at worst there will be constant attacks on the chosen country, 
  which is why it amuses me that so many here complain about savage cultures when wanting to return to savagery that helped europe create the two bloodiest wars in history, 
  given the large influx of the_donald posters here , it would n't be a surprise, 
  i love how the states which only have european borders are the ones saying `` lol , fuck you '' to those who actually have to deal with shit . 
   spread of the vote , which is very fair in a country of states of such disproportionate size and populations not at all . 
  someone living in one state should not have their vote be worth 65x more than someone in another, 
  i do n't see how supporting human rights in all instances is `` feeling sympathy for terrorists '' . 
  i reject your binary . 
  attacking people based on perceived `` flaws '' such as virginity or calling them trolls wo n't help with that . 
  and i 'm saying this as someone who at least partially agrees with what you are saying, 
  excuse you . 
  we are the canada of the us . 
  just waiting on you to annex us , 
  come tell that to literalists over here, 
  this sub has become very anti human rights and rule of law . 
  i hope it does n't represent europe, 
  yeah , you lose sympathy here, 
  there 's not much you can do to the ones who do successfully make it be k other than to arrest and try them, 
  i do n't disagree . 
  however , it is not a situation of `` nothing to lose , everything to gain '', 
  `` as of late '' ? 
  our entire foreign policy for the past 70 years has been to destabilize the middle east . 
  that was n't the argument . 
  the argument was that they clearly had something to lose . 
  day old account too . 
  wo n't stop the idiots here from taking him seriously though, 
  i think you are ignorant , often sheltered ( given so many of you are rural ) , missing out on a lot of life , and a threat to liberal society , but i do n't hate you by any means . 
  but hey , you hav n't voted in your trump yet - you 've still got time !, 
  the continent has always been diverse . 
  this idea that all european cultures are super similar is a recent myth - nothing more, 
  good thing `` white guilt '' is n't a thing, 
  do tell me more about how much i hate myself, 
  international agreements should transcend governmental transitions . 
  how else can we maintain consistency and trust in international relations ? 
  not at all . 
  america in wwii obviously was n't nazi , but they claimed jews were too much of a threat to take in, 
  sounds like how we spoke about jewish refugees in wwii, 
  it 's unfortunate . 
  future generations are going to look back on us as abject failures and scumbags for our failure to live up to the standards of human rights, 
  important to remember a number of gulf states have actually unsustainable refugee rates , including at least one state which has more refugees than their population, 
  oh god no . 
  one thing that needs to change in america is election of judges, 
  so america should never have let in the majority of immigrants throughout history ? 
  how poor of a country would we be in that alt history ? 
  ah rural types - never understanding how metropolitan , multicultural cities are the best places in the world . 
  only thinking things `` look scary '' even though the only reason countries do well is because of these cosmopolitans, 
  still protected under asylum law once claimed, 
   sympathy for jews existed outside germany and austria . 
  are you being serious right now ? 
  everyone turned away the jews . 
  our uniform failure with regards to holocaust refugees is the number 1 reason the refugee and asylum conventions are so strong . 
  examining radicalization is too nuanced for this sub . 
  just `` all muslims are like dis !!!! '', 
  i lived in spain for a year and think my quality of life would improve if i returned . 
  alas that my field is n't very transferable, 
  they wo n't be able to do that unless the eu sets up an asylum processing center somewhere in north africa . 
  international law requires that all who seek asylum must be heard . 
  why should we ally with a region that has decided it wants to go full authoritarian ? 
  once we get our current nutcase out of office , i hope we downgrade any relationship with most of eastern europe, 
  or the game the v4 plays with the eu must be a european thing, 
  yes , it 's `` rational '' to think that paris is a middle-eastern hellhole . 
   why are `` shit '' jobs , worse than no jobs . 
  many of the low paid jobs are starting point into a career . 
  if you started a business , how much would you pay the long term unemployed person that offer you little productivity ? 
  it is probably lower than the minimum wages , so they will stay unemployed for years . 
  because the cost/benefit analysis of taking a job where you are barely making money and ** may ** make it up the higher echelons at the cost of losing welfare benefits ( and thus actually making less than you were before ) might not result in someone taking such a job . 
  with ubi that is unaffected by employment , someone is much more likely to take a low-paying job because of the potential or even just to have some extra spending money . 
  i wo n't deny she 's a terrible campaigner , but she has been proven competent at any actual policy-related job she has had . 
  her biggest problem was being advised by everyone that trump could never win and that they should stand back and let him shoot himself in the foot . 
  furthermore , she was not assisted by the media giving trump billions of dollars of free airtime while ignoring any townhall or speech she gave . 
  essentially , the election was made to be about trump , with hillary as an afterthought . 
  that was a mistake . 
  keeping bill away was a good thing though - the left-wing part of the democratic base despises him . 
  she had to work harder to win them over because she was married to him . 
  obama using bill is n't a good example either - he basically stayed away in 2008 because there was still bad blood from the primary ( bill said some pretty terrible things about obama ) and i 'm not sure he helped while campaigning for him in 2012 . 
  better than most of our `` left-wing '' politicians here in the states . 
  further left than obama , for one . 
  i voted bernie in the primary , but hillary is pretty boss too, 
  meanwhile , in the us :(, 
  is n't that the main reason the tories ended up winning so much in scotland ? 
  because the pro-union snpers went to labour , splitting the votes and allowing wins for tories ? 
  virtoo signal * drinks *, 
   why do you insist on treating `` fairly '' people who do n't act fair ? 
  jihadists do n't subscribe to you standards , they will use every possible trick to turn your standards against you wile pissing on them themselves . 
  ( same applies to pretty much all religious nutjobs , and some non-religious nutjobs too ) they should be offered no protections from rules they do n't respect themselves , simple . 
  this would n't be a race to the bottom at all . 
  no sir, 
  acting like this sub is n't 80 % reactionary nationalists . 
  hahahahahaha,
