  funny how the only local crimes that anyone here thinks is permitted to talk about are those committed by muslims . 
  me thinks the far right nationalists that fill this sub have an agenda . 
   italy and greece should ask eastern europe for support nah , do n't negotiate with terrorists bent on destroying european solidarity, 
  well at least now i know that the `` their own people were doing the same to them !!!! '', 
  apologism is n't restricted to the trans atlantic slave trade, 
  are you seriously saying that you should have the ability to send in your armies unsolicited because a country is `` unwilling '' to control their borders to your satisfaction ? 
  you understand that would be taken as an act of war by most states , yes ? 
  i 'd you think that is what i 'm suggesting , you are quite off, 
  i doubt u/lolreallyno disagrees with anything you say . 
  the disconnect is that many users on this subreddit , particularly from eastern europe , do n't realize that their is said international obligation to process any asylum claim . 
  while , as you say , it is a system open to abuse , it exists for a reason and resulted from a treaty signed by ( almost ? ), 
  every member state of the european union . 
  there are a large number of conservative europeans who believe we should do away with this , which would be almost impossible to do under international law . 
  furthermore , even if we did decide that states breaching their obligations was acceptable , it still opens the door to further rule of law violations , particularly in the realm of foreign relations . 
  one possible solution i 've been mulling over in my head would be creating domestic law related to asylum seekers . 
  perhaps states should create criminal penalties for false asylum requests . 
  t of course , states would not be allowed to create such laws in an attempt to circumvent the refugee convention and states can not morally create laws that are designed to thwart all asylum seekers , whether legitimate or not . 
  moreover , many of the rejected asylum seekers may legitimately believe they had a strong case and were not here merely as economic migrants , even though it was determined they legally do not qualify for asylum . 
  any punishment should be reserved for those who are attempting to immigrate here through non-proper channels knowing they do not have a case . 
  this could include jail/prison time , as well as financial penalties . 
  hopefully , this would discourage migration from individuals or families who have no business being in europe . 
  unfortunately , this is not with its own drawbacks . 
  to prevent the aforementioned problem of convicting those who do n't have the proper mens rea ( i.e. 
  the ones who think they are being persecuted to a strong enough extent , but it is determined otherwise ) , the state would have to then start a separate proceeding to determine the guilt of those accused of willfully violating the asylum system . 
  that could be even more expensive and time consuming . 
   [ the ecj ] also reiterated that asylum requests must be made in the first country of arrival , even in the case of massive migrant flows still not a big fan of this - this ruling essentially means that landlocked european states get to have zero concerns about migrants while states bordering the mediterranean have to fend for themselves no matter how many come . 
  some european solidary * eyeroll * otherwise , good ruling . 
  i support asylum requests and i support deporting those who are rejected , so long as their hearings were held in good faith, 
   countries outside of europe you mean the `` savage countries '' , as you lot call them ? 
  it amuses me that so many of the racists on your continent talk about `` whiteness '' and `` white european values '' when you 'd be shot 100 years ago for even saying the germans and the french are similar . 
  so because he did n't where 's waldo the one black power supporter in all of germany means he `` did n't try hard enough '', 
  the weakening of one law through non proper channels , like countries choosing to ignore international treaties and conventions inevitably weakens the other laws and institutions that keep us peaceful and safe . 
  also bear in mind that certain conventions were designed to prevent countries from not fulfilling their moral duties due to it being `` too difficult '' . 
  the refugee convention is one of them - it was a direct result of the holocaust and jewish refugees being turned away from a number of countries, 
  right , because it 's definitely not the people in homogeneous rural areas who make up the majority of anti-immigrant sentiment . 
  cities are where diverse communities are , and shockingly , cities are overwhelmingly pro-immigrant . 
  its generally those who look on from afar that are terrified of the great `` other '' and think the world is going to end . 
  those of us who actually live in diversity realize it 's pretty grand , 
   i see no point in taking into account a broken and flawed law . 
  if we were to allow that logic , can you imagine what that escalates to ? 
  good . 
  just because israel is terrible does n't justify hamas, 
  `` immigrants will destroy our values and respect for rule of law so let 's beat them to it !, 
  you ca n't complain about migrants leading go the destruction of european values and then suggest shit like that, 
  literally no one claims islamphobia when you talk about saudi arabia and wahhabism, 
  while true , i do n't think it helps to respond in a fashion that does demean victims of female abuse . 
  best to just call out the `` what about the menz '' and move on, 
  but the gerwoman media and gerchildren media too !, 
  why ? 
  should journalists give equal coverage to sides that are bullshit ? 
  should climate change denialism be given the same level of respect and discourse as those who do n't ? 
  the media , however , refused to talk about anything other than trump , apart from hillary 's emails and hillary 's tv ads were hilariously low-information . 
  whoever on her campaign approved those was stupid, 
   instilling terror is terrorism . 
  full stop . 
  in that case , a much larger number of crimes would be able to be charged as terrorism . 
  the term would lose all effectiveness, 
  france is the one who started the conflict in libya, 
  lots of countries are in a race to the bottom right now ... 
  i did n't say it was a paradise , just that it was more secular than parts of the west/europe at the time . 
  virtoo signaling * drinks *, 
  yes , european cultures are soooooo similar . 
  that 's why they definitely did n't self segregate and hate each other here and why you lot were n't the most wartorn part of the world for centuries / s also , past whites would n't even agree with that . 
  benjamin franklin was against german immigration because they were savages who would n't integrate, 
  there 's norway it could be sarcastic, 
  as i said , you should leave . 
  do n't come crying back though, 
  then how come people change their way of life here in the states ? 
  it 's not naive , certain countries and cultures ( on the receiving end ) are better at encouraging it, 
  generally it 's been the 2nd i thought ? 
  is it not the proper term if they are stranded in the sea ? 
  you may disagree with them being brought here , but it does n't change the fact that they were rescued, 
   time and time again it is shown nobody is willing to enforce integration . 
  `` enforced '' integration has never worked . 
  there 's definitely more resources than can be used to encourage integration . 
  though it never ever takes place in the first two generations source : america 's entire history, 
   take a look at pictures of iran and afghanistan before extreme islam took over . 
  it 's a lot different . 
  which is why the argument that `` these mers have and have always had a savage culture '' always makes me roll my eyes . 
  iran was more secular than much of the west until the 70s, 
   if men were not allowed to be outside after dark and never unaccompanied crime would be four times lower and rape in particular twenty times lower . 
  your rape estimation forgets that most rapes are committed by someone the victim knows - very few are of the `` jumped in an alleyway after dark '' category, 
  he edited it bruh, 
  you realize that was for all crime , not just homicide , correct ? 
  it 's been proven countless times that black men are far more likely to be arrested for , convicted for , and given higher punishment for crimes than their white counterparts , even when all else , including number of crimes committed per capita , is equal . 
  we also see this in how children are treated - black children and teenagers are more likely to have the police involved than white children in the same exact instances and if you really want to go back 100 years , bear in mind the civil rights movement is barely 50 years old . 
  if they are anything like the american versions, 
  has n't it had a negative correlation with sex in general ? 
  i know japan is facing a severe population crisis because the younger generations just wo n't have sex, 
  cheers, 
  is n't the southeast ( greece area ) considered southern europe ? 
  and you are a pleasant individual, 
   why does n't the left and center parties unite against immigration ? 
  because then they lose their pro-immigration voters ? 
   a big reason for that is because migration from those countries are also mostly men . 
  and men are responsible for ~ 97 % of all sexual crimes . 
  which countries are you referring to ? 
  the ones at the very top , southern europe , or the ones with actual refugees ? 
  i 'll note that the data demonstrates that groups from the most refugee-filled areas ( syria , eritra , etc ) are n't exactly far off from east or southern europe ( serbia , bulgaria , etc. ), 
  how does that work when many of the regional numbers are below every listed country from that region ?
