  then leave . 
  just do n't complain when your country falls into irrelevance without being propped up by western europe . 
  you realize there are likely many people who did n't want to fund cee into relevance , but they do n't throw the hissy fit you guys do . 
  i wish we did . 
  but israel basically controls our country , so that will never happen, 
  your precious v4 should leave the eu if you are n't willing to take the negatives with the positives . 
  otherwise you are sucking up the money of actual prosperous , successful states in your laughable attempt at pretending to be first world countries, 
  stronger, 
   i already told you what our government offered as our input to help the situation , what else would you have in mind for a country of 10 million that is landlocked ? 
  we do support eu approach to stopping the crisis , but it seems that eu is only content on distributing the problem rather than solving it . 
  `` we support the eu , but only if the eu follows our ideas '', 
  virtoo signal * drinks *, 
  good . 
  hope you guys end up kicking poland out or bankrupting them ( and hungary too ! ), 
  cameron staked his political future on a remain win . 
  he would never be able to lead from a place of authority after that failure . 
  eastern europe ca n't even take care of its own outside of mooching off of actually successful countries . 
  yes , because it 's just as easy for italy to secure its borders , which almost entirely encompasses the mediterranean , as it is for the v4 / s, 
  no puppet . 
  no puppet . 
  you 're the puppet, 
  generally , civic involvement . 
  though whether said involvement is good or bad is obviously in the eye of the beholder, 
  `` why should poland fulfill its obligations as an eu member ? 
  it should only have to receive the benefits !, 
  certain parts of america still oppress homosexuals , though it is not allowed to be enshrined by law . 
  and it is n't like we were n't bad even less than 10-20 years ago . 
  bush was able to win in 04 partially because of anti-lgbt feelings, 
   instead i would prefer a sustained effort to reduce the barriers that deter many young couples from having children i would argue that this could only achieve so much . 
  one of the main reasons that population stagnates or even reverses in developed countries relates to greater freedom and rights for women . 
  in present-day 1st world countries , women can pursue careers and their own interests more than they have ever been able to in the past , meaning they do not need to get married ( and likely have children with their husband ) in order to be able to support themselves . 
  furthermore , there is no longer the suffocating level of societal and legal pressure to have children that existed in the past . 
  frankly , that is an area that will never be open for compromise - women will not go back to being brood mares with no rights outside of those as mothers , which is how it will be seen no matter how well political groups try to sugarcoat it . 
  i 'm not speaking about you guys directly - more that everyone on both sides of the debate decided they need to mix the economic migrants and refugees together in their discussions . 
  it is not at all the same . 
  but nuance is too much for some people ... 
  was expecting to see a completely far right party , but they seem relatively sane . 
  probably a little too strong on immigration , but perhaps italy needs that more than any other country in the eu, 
  this . 
  you guys should deport economic migrants , but still allow refuge for actual refugees, 
  so why did you bring in eastern europeans ? 
   the us has much more interesting places than germany i think this is a `` grass is greener '' situation . 
  most europeans i 've met think there are more interesting places in the us , while most american i know , including myself ) find europe to be much more interesting to visit ( though usually out of our price range ), 
  refugees are factually not illegal immigrants . 
  hell , the us ca n't really complain about iran when they turned a super secular country into the terrorist-sponsoring regime it is now, 
   not `` legit '' enough for this subreddit unfortunately . 
  apparently every article or even opinion piece must include direct citations to individual newspapers and reports of crimes to be allowed in here . 
  are you kidding ? 
  this sub is extremely anti-refugee to the point where anyone who is pro-human rights gets downvoted to oblivion, 
  pesky thing , that freedom of religion . 
  we should bring back theocracies to ensure that never happens again, 
   he 's living in britain and hates the british army ? 
  sounds like he is n't fond of britain as whole and should perhaps leave and join his like minded people in the middle east . 
  that alone does n't have to mean anything . 
  one can dislike the military and still be a patriot . 
  not saying that this particular man is , but military worship is not something that should be a requirement for being a good citizen . 
  no troll no troll you 're the troll, 
  i do n't have time to look into the others ( though comparing a great , but non-world city like copenhagen to new york or london is a disingenuous comparison imo ) , but i know for a fact that rio was targeted for terrorist attacks during the olympics . 
  they just happened to be stopped . 
  yet the conservatives are ow claiming `` lgbt rights '' are a western cultural norm , yet that only happened because of progressives . 
  to conservatives , the only western cultural norm is hating muslims . 
  that 's it, 
   most toxic people on reddit  sub other than the_donald pick one, 
   to have more stability strong and stable, 
  i never claimed they were . 
  but nothing is quite as off-putting as a `` i 'm above all of these idiots because lol golden mean '' centrists, 
  i do n't think anyone on the political spectrum have larger egos than `` centrists '', 
  i 'm a fan of `` better dead than red '' so long as we are talking about the republican party . 
  when they violate fundamental individuals rights , yes . 
  for instance , i am very much against the curbing of free speech that germany gets a kick out of, 
  would you say the same thing about women leaving their fathers , brothers , husbands , and sons behind ? 
  i never claimed it fixed all problems . 
  but you are n't even willing to cooperate on any problems unless its your way . 
  first human rights , then constitutional rights , then `` natural law '' . 
  you really want to start taking away rights from individuals ? 
  excuse me `` adjusting '' ? 
  where does that lead in the future ? 
  should the same be said for other types of legal rights ? 
  because that 's the process you will start, 
  what will that mean for human rights moving forward ? 
  that is not an area we can afford to move backwards in, 
  not necessarily - leadership only cares about staying in power . 
  the opposition leading a peaceful protest is absolutely meaningless . 
  it only sends a strong message if it demonstrates that one is in danger of losing power - though for someone like erdogan , he is even less likely to care because he 'll find ways to stay in power , whether legitimate or not . 
  but it will help with respect to the refugees already in the eu, 
  i 'm not talking about just the eu here - i 'm talking about international law related to refugees , in any context . 
  are you saying the us should never take in refugees because we do n't border anywhere that would create them ? 
  should australia never take any refugees because it does n't border anything ? 
  which only succeeded because they were preferable to the simultaneous violent protests . 
  edit , since i 'm being downvoted without responses : there 's a reason mlk never truly went after malcolm x. 
  he was helping king 's movement immensely . 
  yes , because the people 's representatives are against it . 
  as i said , i am against referendums as a rule for pragmatic reasons related to having a functioning state - has nothing to do with presumed results that may or may not happen . 
  i 'm against a referendum insomuch as that would open the doors for referendums on any eu wide policy . 
  that would cripple and eventually destroy the organization , just like it would any other country/government . 
  representatives exist for a reason - direct democracy is n't feasible . 
  if it was , i would be all on board, 
  would be pointless, 
  eu representatives and leaders . 
  you know , the key part of a functioning government ?
