  this . 
  if someone goes to fight for isis , by all means revoke their citizenship , presuming it would n't leave them stateless ( it is vital we uphold international law ) . 
  but as a mass deportation of citizens , both innocent and guilty ? 
  those are some unsettling implications, 
  buy radicalization is much easier with the internet . 
  much harder to radicalize someone in another nation if you do n't have access to them, 
  and this is how the descent into darkness continues . 
  liberal democracy 's heyday is at an end . 
  all working rights are theoretically harmful to the economy . 
  oversized in whose mind ? 
  employers who would rather there be no benefits at all ? 
  you were the one manipulating by putting in a loaded adjective like that . 
  i merely corrected it to what it really meant, 
  because a fetish for benefits and working rights is such a bad thing / s macron will become as popular as hollande if he reforms too much, 
  or radical media created radical man from someone on the edge . 
  online radicalization is a real , dangerous mechanism for terrorists and other unsavory groups, 
  if a white christian who sympathizes with the kkk carried out an attack on black people , i would n't say it was due to christianity , even though the kkk is an ostensibly christian organization . 
  you realize there are muslim immigrants in america , right ? 
  and i was referencing racial profiling of african americans , not immigrants . 
  you do realize that the tip from the friend likely came from another muslim , yes ? 
  the solution is to strengthen ties with the broader muslim communities so that they feel safe reporting activities . 
  so every alt-right extremist attack in america are now the fault of donald trump and the republicans , given thats the ideology they follow ? 
  well given how far right r/europe is on certain issues , it works out , right ? 
   yes im talking about racial profiling ask us over here how well that 's gone for us . 
  you want to prevent integration from ever happening ? 
   infact they broke laws because the moment they entered safe country they had to stop . 
  this is idiotic . 
  if that was the case , the us would never take in refugees . 
  and think about the consequences - that would basically require one , maybe two countries to deal with every refugee created from any given conflict . 
  that is unsustainable, 
  a concept i disagree with , but even if it was ethically acceptable , it would not apply here . 
  if this constitutes `` war '' , we will never be at peace ( not just from terrorist attacks , but from any other levels of violence , such as gun violence here in the states ) . 
  rule of law will disappear, 
  i do n't know about treason in europe , but in the us treason is held to the highest standards and is almost impossible to prove . 
  and due process can never be stripped if we wish to remain faithful to our values . 
  * you * may not be saying that , but others are . 
  and do you really think the nationalist right would n't be ? 
  either way , i still would n't agree about stripping citizenship because there is a reason the statelessness law exists and that resulted from liberal values . 
  but at least with punishment we can have a reasoned debate ; we can have no such debate as a preemptive matter, 
  revoking citizenship on the basis of religion inherently violates two of those freedoms you claim to cherish and endangers the right to life as well so yes , changing international law that is a result of `` western values '' would show we have moved away from them . 
  or are going back to traditional fascist western values . 
  showing that our modern values are n't even safe among us, 
  it 's because trump has tried to assert his dominance through handshakes . 
  a world leader ca n't acquiesce to that, 
  so we should make laws worse ? 
  give up `` western '' values ? 
  so islam is evil but we should use their tactics ? 
  this made perfect sense to me , and i think this is a very important post . 
  it probably took a lot to come out and talk about your experience , so thank you for that . 
  i hope you do n't get downvoted !, 
  there 's a difference between muslim cultures which have developed over a large number of nations and geographical areas ( you would n't say , for instance , that iran and saudi arabia have ` similar ideologies ' , would you ? ), 
  whereas nazis were mostly a very specific subset of germans . 
  that being said , i would n't say all present day neo-nazis are the same , because they are coming from different cultures and backgrounds as well . 
  they may have a few overarching similar beliefs but it would n't be enough for me to say they are anywhere near a hive mind . 
  i do n't know enough about hutus or tutsi to make an informed response to the rest of the comment, 
  the identity crisis of disaffected young men leading to radicalization which leads to violence is n't exactly new . 
  the vast majority of people do n't fall into radicalization , but there is always a chance among these populations ( disaffected young men ) . 
  we see similar radicalization with the alt-right , and it is very similar to inner-city gang radicalization here in america . 
  culture seems to effect what the radicalization looks like more than the chances of radicalization itself . 
  you mean the same thing they said about the east ? 
  and the russians ? 
  this `` clash of civilizations '' that you fascists and isis both want is never going to happen . 
  deal with it, 
  [ hillary won 365-173 in the survey i 'm talking about ] ( https://www.channelone.com/feature/mock-election/ ) . 
  like i said , there is conflicting data . 
  gen z is still living at home and it will be harder to get a read on them until that changes , given that it is impossible to measure the extent to which their views are shaped by their parent 's . 
  that changes when they get out on their own . 
  most people come to their final partisan viewpoints in their 20s ( numerous studies have shown that the biggest indicator of who someone will vote for is who they voted for in their first 2-3 elections ) not to mention , there 's some conflicting reports . 
  a gen z presidential survey across the nation had hillary winning handily among that demographic if they could vote . 
  other data has shown they are more conservative . 
  but as i stated before , it is far too early to tell, 
  so ban all religious , political , and philosophical beliefs ? 
  hispanics hav n't integrated ? 
  in what world are you living in ? 
  he believes all muslims are a hive-mind , like most of the nationalist right do, 
  which , from american experience , is unfortunately normal . 
  2nd generation has one foot in the old culture ( without seeing the negatives that led their parents to leave ) and one foot in the new culture , not feeling like they belong to either , which leads to disaffection . 
  this can lead to issues such as radicalization . 
  it 's usually the 3rd and 4th generations that are so seeped in the new culture that they are assimilated, 
  as we can see from our country 's experience , it is common for the first generation to come in , do work with their heads down , have the second generation have an identity crisis , and assimilation fully happen around 3rd or 4th gen. 
  `` islamic culture '' is far too broad a category . 
  wahhabist-influenced culture is shit though . 
  seriously , the decline in islamic culture in the middle east can almost entirely be thrown at the feet of saudi arabia 's spread of wahhabism . 
  the other is the west 's epic failures leading iran from turning extremely secular to extremely theocratic, 
  france , the young went to the extreme nationalist options , either le pen or melenchon . 
  in america , the young are extremely left wing, 
  there 's an election coming up . 
  that 's why, 
  ah yes , the same arguments made about asian cultures coming to america in the 20th century !, 
  we are more selective now , certainly , but we were much less selective in the 19th and early 20th centuries . 
  but even in areas we are less able to be selective ( undocumented immigrants ) we still start to see such changes, 
  that is a possibility as well , of course . 
  have any studies looked into this ? 
  sanders is as left wing as it gets in the us and he was n't even a member of the two mainstream parties . 
  the far left in many places in europe ( corbyn , melenchon , etc. ), 
  make bernie look like the second coming of ronald reagan, 
  i 'm expecting that to happen no matter who wins . 
  i might actually buy the conspiracy theory that may wants to lose, 
  i 've been pretty happy with somali immigration here in minnesota . 
  i think europe probably took too many , but it 'll be alright in the end .
