  also its frustrating to see the same pattern happen over and over again without being able to do something about it . 
  some parts of the eu have degenerated into our `` retarded siblings '' who wo n't and ca n't do right until someone forces them to . 
  seriously , how can the eu 's fourth largest economy elect someone like silvio berlusconi over and over and over again ? 
  if it were `` only '' italy it would be mildly embarrassing to watch but otherwise entertaining , but this way these were lost years in terms of making italy more self-sufficient . 
  since the eastern expansion of the eu we 're also mostly alone in our struggle to rebuild east germany ( which was badly hurt by our own politics ) , so it would be really nice if we did n't have to babysit 10 other countries as well . 
  it 's not objective , it 's a sentiment . 
  it does n't take into account what the uk contributed , how france originally got this whole thing started and a lot of other things . 
  but it 's there , it 's growing and i 'm pretty sure it will become a problem until 2017 , because by then the pro-eu parties might lose public support and moderate powers ( for european integration but not this way ) wo n't be able to step in by that time . 
  i hope this helps understanding how this sentiment came to be . 
  ps : austerity was n't the word i was really looking for . 
  there were cuts in spending but also huge changes in labor law and welfare , moderate tax increases and changes in the military sector ( in 2006 we only spent 17 b. 
  $ for defense ) . 
  it 's always a mixture of things , but of course it only helps if done at the right time . 
  it is and rightfully so . 
  what 's correct on a political level does n't mean people will like it on a personal level , though . 
  germans often have the feeling that they 're vastly underrepresented in the eu . 
  smaller nations have a way higher voting weight than their share in population or economic strength would suggest . 
  on the other hand germany seems to be first in many developments ( regenerative power , ecological movement , economic integration , austerity ) and thus invests a lot to nurture new technologies/mentalities while they 're growing , then has to work its way through the system until 25 years later finally everybody admits we were right from the beginning and harvests the benefits . 
  add to this that germany pays a lot to the eu but gets less money back and voila , you have a sentiment against those who are part of the club but only when it benefits them . 
  if germany had its way in the early 90s the euro would never have come the way it did but with much more regulation as things seem to go now . 
  france made it a condition for their agreement to the unification , so again things went through as they should have never done . 
  it 's a sentiment , surely not true but not completely unjustified either . 
  that 's true , but as inflation goes on and debt remains the same it will become increasingly unimportant . 
  also i do n't think we 'll have eurobonds for every public debt . 
  it will more likely be a model where every nation has to use eurobonds for x to y % of their debt , with x below 50 and y somewhere around 75 . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  to compete with weak countries german unions and employees ( grudgingly ) accepted a number of measures that weakened their position . 
  most of these apply to all cheap labour countries , not only those with the euro . 
  things would have gone different but not necessarily worse . 
  i agree with your conclusion though , common bonds to finance at least some part of our debt will come . 
  it will have little meaning for us though , as the federal government will be severly limited in it 's ability to make new debt and the laender sill be completly unable to do so . 
  finally !, 
  austerity worked in germany because we started early and made changes in all fields . 
  austerity worked because germans have a crippling fear of public debt ( even when they 're used to save money in the long run ) and inflation . 
  germans will endure many hardships before they consider lsrge scale public spending . 
  this does not hold true for the rest of europe and sureky is n't the best way to solve the crisis , but it 's what the german people want , so it 's done . 
  i 'm all in for intelligent public spending and a moderate inflation to save the euro , but europe has to realize that germans will not want to pay for those measures . 
  we basically cut our own flesh and accepted some lesser evils , which are n't great but helped us come out of the crisis relatively unscarred . 
  others did n't follow - which is fine - but now that shit has hit the fan please do n't expect germany to pay a fourth time in just a quarter century . 
  i wouldnt ' t be surprised if the german government pushs for pro-german changes in eu financing in exchange for a change in european policies . 
  oh dear , it 's almost 2am here and i 've started to translate literally . 
  yes , it means to cope with something somewhat bad for the greater good . 
  my best guess for an english translation would be `` to take the bitter pill '' . 
  as the seasonal federal unemployment rate has n't been anywhere near 6 % during the last decade , i guess it 's more about how you define unemployment . 
  the bundesagentur counts everybody who works less than 15 hours a week as unemployed while ilo counts everyone employed who works at least 1 hour per week . 
  personally i 'd rather go with the former definition but as long as it 's about being comparable between several states that 's a toad i 'll swallow . 
  still , it 's heavily skewed . 
  working less than 15 hours per week is severe underemployment and almost always not sufficient to support a bearable lifestyle . 
  the `` bundesagentur f\u00fcr arbeit '' says unemployment was at 7.2 % as of march 29th : [ http://www.arbeitsagentur.de/nn_426140/en/zentraler-content/presse/presse-12-011-en-676600.html] ( http://www.arbeitsagentur.de/nn_426140/en/zentraler-content/presse/presse-12-011-en-676600.html ) they mention an international statistic which counts 5.9 % for febuary , though . 
  pretty much everyone is aware that there 're another 1.1 to 1.5 million un - and underemployed hidden outside of this statistic , so in reality the number is much closer to 10 % than 5 % . 
  germany is at 7.0 % as of may . 
  does n't look very reliable . 
  most of central europe is ** really ** densly settled , so you 'd be hard pressed to find a decent camping spot anyway . 
  however , once you get further off the beaten path , you 'll still find plently places where no one will mind you putting up your tent and gas lamp . 
  by the time of voltaire , it was n't . 
  during the ( high ) middle ages it was all of the above . 
  ludwigshafen ist definitly up there , but i could n't decide if e.g. 
  gelsenkirchen is uglier or not . 
  there are some butt-ugly german cities . 
  it should depend on the size and internal cohesion imo . 
  if the belgian regions want to split up , so be it !, 
  but does the netherlands want to divide itself up or do the regions want to stay together ? 
  same in germany : nordrhein-westfahlen , bayen and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg are fine as is , but smaller states are already kind of lost within germany . 
  howexactly are sachsen-anhalt or mecklenburg-vorpommern going to hold up on the european stage ? 
  we could even try and form new regions that cross the borders of old . 
  rewe has been seriously reworking their brand for a few years . 
  their old shops are still middle-of-the-road , but the reworked and new branches are really well designed , stocked and priced . 
  passau is about as far east as berlin , come to think of it ... 
  that depends heavily on where you are . 
  the further to the south and east you get , the less the impact . 
  places like scotland , ireland , scandinavia and iceland would be fucked , though . 
  before that happens , climate change will kill the gulfstream , returning europe to the northern us/canada-like climate it should have , given its latitude . 
  oh absolutly !, 
  i actually have the medium plan offered by my carrier , which already costs 10 $ / mo. 
  most carriers offer a `` basic plan '' , which includes something akin to 100 minutes/sms and 100 mb/mo for 3 or 4 $ . 
  anything above 1 gb is already considered a premium or business thing . 
  my former boss was excited when he got a free upgrade from 5 to 10 gb on a 35 $ plan and within germany that is a good deal !, 
  my plan recently got upgraded from 300 to 750 mb . 
  300 mb for 10 $ was a bit on the low end , but not outrageously so . 
  mobile communication in germany is fucked up . 
  in germany , that 's the standard . 
  countrywide is free , eu is something like 9ct/min . 
  my phone data plan recently got upgraded to 750 mb before throttling . 
  please send help . 
  in germany i do n't think you can waive away the trial period , even if you wanted . 
  it 's for both side 's protection , so you can walk away from a job/team/company that does n't work out for you . 
  his original name was `` tango '' , but the shelter he got to already had a dog with that name , so it became `` jango '' . 
  i added the ( silent ) d for the coolness factor . 
  here 's [ django ] ( http://imgur.com/a/lsrfm ) on his third-birthday-walk . 
  the scorpions . 
  a global success , but here they 're not really popular . 
  i like almost all his roles . 
  found him mediocre in his early years , but he has really grown . 
  christoph waltz . 
  inglorious basterds , django unchained , bond : spectre , the zero theorem ... need i say more ? 
  most german schools do n't serve lunch , nor do they plan for pupils to bring their own proper lunch to consume during school hours , so there is no designated lunch break . 
  just for comparison , my schedule in germany went : 7:55 -  8:40 8:40 -  9:25 -- 15 minute break -- 9:40 -  10:25 10:30 -  11:15 -- 15 minute break -- 11:30 -  12:15 12:15 -  13:00 13:05 -  13:40 13:45 -  14:30 i rarely had courses after 14:30 . 
  those 5 minutes extra plus a proper lunch break really do add up . 
  woke up with a different balance . 
  banks had been showing account data in both currencies for 3 years , already .
