just wait until the newness of it fades . 
  right now it 's all ` culture ' and ` art ' and ` architecture ' but once the local politicians and the national media have something else to put in their uplifting news segments , the thing will instantly become one giant billboard . 
  well at least they do n't hurt when you step on one . 
  if one steps on you however ... 
  it 's actually more of an apartment tower in an unusual shape . 
  the outside is mostly comprised of balconies . 
  no , really generally the roads in the netherlands ( relatively small country with relatively many people ) are very good and as a kid i always woke up when we crossed into belgium due to the sudden increase in noise . 
  i do n't think it will have much of a negative effect on the us , rather positive . 
  i think the us would benefit from a slight depreciation of the dollar . 
  but then again , the effects would be rather minute . 
  it will if it means they do n't need dollars to trade with europe . 
  the trade between europe and china is so large that i think it will have an effect on the exchange rates , but probably nothing dramatic . 
  in fact , the us may even benefit if their export becomes more competitive . 
  for the people that are n't going to read the article : he is upset , not because the regulations are too strict , but because he would rather have seen a 700 watt limit because his business opponents prefer a 1600 watt limit . 
  did someone tell this guy yet that politics are n't there to give him a european monopoly ? 
  still , i believe the british can make their own , stricter law anyway . 
  i do n't think he means his actual face , but rather his policies and actions . 
  i think i saw it on both the nos and nu.nl . 
  but is was mostly overshadowed by news on the jihadists . 
  are you suggesting we should subsidise the chinese ? 
  they are putting some proper effort into africa at the moment . 
  operation serval put quite some stress on the logistics and they are now starting a new operation i believe . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=4ea_1384605775 ) is a documentary on it . 
  that view is mostly aggregation i think . 
  both germany and france have a properly strong military , which is something that is often overlooked . 
  britain also has a strong military , and when you combine all of europe 's armed forces , it is a lot less dramatic than it seems . 
  if we ever get into a war and our allies get to moscow , these men should raise the flag on the kermlin while performing that act . 
  the painted star probably , perhaps the person had a paint brush with blue paint on it somewhere in the house . 
  i do n't think they even applied logic to the trial . 
  actually , that would depend on where i would be . 
  in the netherlands , i might opt for a careful shooter with a weak gun taking a well placed shot in the leg . 
  in the us , i would probably rather be tazed than having a magazine emptied on me . 
  yes , so would most of us . 
  we think more lightly about a taser than a pistol . 
  officers do so too . 
  this means that they might be temped to employ a taser in situations where they would not have deployed a gun . 
  in the us , it 's even worse where the already trigger happy police ( i think it is a fact that officers in the us are more likely to go for their gun than those in other western countries , and they also unload a lot more rounds into their targets ) is even more happy to use their taser , because frankly who cares right ? 
  i am afraid that this is starting to develop into a taze-when-in-doubt culture in some areas . 
  a mentally disturbed person going through a tough break down ? 
  taze him . 
  guy moving his hands towards his pocket too quickly ? 
  taze him . 
  guy acting suspicious ? 
  taze him . 
  foreigner not speaking very good english getting annoyed and raising his voice ? 
  taze him . 
  but the biggest problem by a mile is the simple fact that you can die from a taser . 
  for one , language can be a big part of the reason why you ca n't find them . 
  another reason is that if you are talking about 6 deaths a year , you are hardly talking about statistics . 
  as a result , the numbers are there , but they do n't have entire research papers attached . 
  kerbal space program ? 
  nah , i 'd rather have a drunk englishman than a drunk american . 
  and every country has it \u00b4 s bad apples . 
  but then , the drinking culture in the uk is uhm ... quite developed . 
   even here in holland , it are always the british guys that are drunk . 
  in fact , an acquaintance ( a pub owner ) of mine was stabbed to death by a drunk british guy who was angry after being banned from his pub . 
   but i also think several of their political and military leaders should face trials for crimes against humanity and war crimes i would consider many , many more people as contenders for that then . 
  we could start by a fair few from the us , britain , russia , ukraine , literally all of the middle eastern countries + afghanistan and pakistan , possibly some other smaller us allies ( particularly in covert services ) and most importantly in this context : palestinians as well . 
  i think the mods try to act against the terrible circlejerk comments , by deleting posts that they think add to the circlejerk , given that they think can get away with it . 
  so the comments are awfully biased against israel ( i mean i got called a jidf member , for saying that just because somebody had a different opinion than him on the matter , that does n't mean that person is a jidf member . ), 
  and the mods are n't helping with their foolish actions . 
  [ i did go outside to take it , but that was because my shed was blocking the sun . 
  i saw them on top gear last year . 
  have they actually introduced those yet ? 
  now i 'm sad :(, 
  tomorrow in the news : civilian bird shot down by russian buk . 
  a decent country that would be able to provide my children with proper education , probably looking up north , or north-west . 
  so how are you supposed to water your garden then ? 
  especially during those dry periods you would need water your garden every once in a while . 
  speaking of which : there are dry periods in england ? 
  yeah , and it 's even more stupid once you realise that this would n't be nearly as convenient without res ... 
  sadly , that is actually pretty close to the reality of reddit . 
  my favourite country is definitely norway . 
  their nature is fantastic , they are socially progressive , they are quite laid back . 
  yes , they can be a bit ` detached ' from you when you try to talk to a stranger , even more so than us dutch . 
  but most people are quite nice once you actually get to know them . 
  but most of all , i just like the ` if it does n't bother anybody , then who gives a fuck ? ', 
  attitude . 
  want to drive a boat , but you do n't have a license for it ? 
  make sure you are safe and have fun !, 
  if you adapt a bit to them , you can feel incredibly free in the country . 
  combine that with a people that wo n't abuse that freedom , then you end up with one of the best countries to live in . 
  yeah , i would agree . 
  germans are actually not as direct as people think they are . 
  the dutch are direct , but the germans are actually extremely polite , even more than the british . 
  the british have a `` fuck you royally '' kind of politeness . 
  the germans seem to actually have respect for random people . 
   `` flees '' i mean , she was like : `` ha ha !, 
  you can never expel me from your country when i am not in it !, 
  beat you to it ! '', 
  well i wish her a happy flight , and i hope that she does n't fly over ukraine . 
  i hope you enjoyed your stay in the free world , but i doubt she will miss anything over there . 
  however , i do n't think she has anything to do with the whole mh17 thing . 
  well , if our education system ever becomes even remotely similar to the system in the us ( general outlines ) , i 'm moving out of here . 
  well it depends on what you rate it on . 
  i liked the water coming from the norwegian mountains . 
  it was very cold :d . i liked that . 
  however , our system is much safer . 
  there is really 0 % risk you get sick from our tap water unless you fuck up your own plumbing . 
  i think i also like the taste of the dune water better than any other water , especially compared to the taste of the water you get from the tap in most cities abroad or even in the eastern part of the netherlands .
