  so in short , it totally depends on what you are looking for , and even within the netherlands the taste differs a bit . 
  probably just a coward . 
  anyway , the public prosecutor is looking at the case now . 
   israel places almost no value on palestinian life , which is disgusting . 
  it seems sort popular to just mindlessly protest against israel as being the evil one . 
  even americans are very happy to act hostile towards israeli 's . 
  but really , the way israel has been acting in the recent exchange of fire is n't in any way worse than what the americans did in iraq and afghanistan . 
  the idf is one of the only armed forces in an active war ( so not in exclusively coin operations ) that actually prosecute their soldiers for the killing of civilians . 
  obviously , many actions on the west bank and at the wall are unacceptable . 
  however , especially in the recent bombings israel has acted relatively humane when you look at the situation around it . 
  you can still buy a ticket , it will just have a chip in it . 
  yes , it is has become our country 's favourite pastime . 
  i would argue that israel places more value on palestinian life than the us place on the life of an afghan . 
  seems to be the latest hipster hobby ... 
  seriously , anyone taking sides in this conflict proves himself wrong . 
  luckily i 'll be on holiday when that shit hits the fan/front page . 
  i do n't think it should be socially acceptable , but i also do n't think it should result in an arrest or a fine unless it is near children or there is other inappropriate behaviour involved . 
  and i mean , about 90 % of the women at the beach also do n't wear tops , so there 's that as well . 
  but what if you are a concerned citizen not willing to be tracked by cameras all day ? 
  they are indeed quite peaceful , however with a population of 5.414 million , even one criminal conflict can bring the homicide rate up quite dramatically . 
  i think he knows , and you 're just rubbing it in . 
  anyway , keep going . 
  yep , it 's a pretty literal way people put their heads in the sand , or in this case nuclear waste , and just pretend it is going to solve itself . 
  that might have been true when we were to be talking about the leftovers of today 's supper , but not when you are handling highly radioactive material that is going to be dangerous for thousands of years and has the potential to destroy a lot more than we 'd be willing to give now . 
  yeah now one thing : do n't be pathetic and start insulting immediately . 
  it makes you look like a prick and does n't contribute to your overall credibility . 
  but i presume you are better than that . 
  first of all , it is true that a large part of the nuclear waste ( 90 % of nuclear / radioactive waste and about 97 % of total waste , a small portion of the total waste is simply not very radio active at all ) is recyclable or is going to be in the near future . 
  the problem , however , is not in the low level waste . 
  it is in the high level waste for which we do n't have any viable method of processing other than ` just bury it underground ' . 
  what i was saying is that when you employ nuclear power on the scale you proposed , this high level waste would add up very quickly and would increasingly cause problems . 
  you could probably rent the other half of algeria to deposit your nuclear waste there !, 
  if you would have ever driven through norway , you 'd know that 80 is actually a pretty optimistic speed limit . 
  if only we did ... 
  i do n't think anyone really took them seriously ... 
  i mean as a member of a church , i think 99 % of our community has n't even heard of them . 
  i do n't like many of ` those other entertainers ' either . 
  perhaps it 's because the beak of a platypus is rather short and wide , so more like a mouth than a ` snavel ' . 
  it 's a mouth in bird style , which then might have lead to the creation of the word bird-mouth-animal . 
  dick is actually a rather common first name in the netherlands . 
  people are usually able to forget about the english meaning of the word , but especially the younger generation thinks of dick before dick . 
  finland would probably be one of the very countries on earth , along with iceland and possibly norway ( not so sure about norway ) , where direct democracy could possibly work . 
  and even there you run a risk of shit going south fast when a particular populist agenda does get propagated to the general public . 
  direct democracy is a populists ' wet dream . 
  yeah if they just surveyed a bunch of chavs , no wonder they think # 24 of every # 100 of benefits is fraudulently claimed . 
   15 per cent of of girls under 16 are thought to become pregnant every year i do n't even think mature women get such rates . 
  the south-eastern end of groningen , near the german border . 
  there 's a road nobody ever uses 100 yards away , a small forest behind that - which blocks any sound coming from the south - and 6km of nothing ( well farmland ) to the north . 
  left and right are both about 500m of farmland with one house to both sides . 
  after that there is another 4 kilometres or so of farmland . 
  you see , this whole noise thing is basically a matter of standards . 
  i live in pretty much the only part of the netherlands that is completely quiet at night . 
  i can not hear if my window is open or closed at night . 
  it is completely quiet . 
  however , even though there is literally no sound at all , i still sometimes get deeply annoyed by the birds singing outside far too loudly . 
  in contrast someone living in a village or a city might consider my place a fucking paradise in terms of noise . 
  but none participate on the same level as you brits . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i have enough personal experience with that confirm that as true . 
  :d however , i think the general view on the english in the netherlands is a rather elitist-polite model . 
  eurosceptical , the english would be rather polite , the scots are just nice and the welsh ... well we just know their ponies really . 
  other than that : drunk ( especially in amsterdam they are the worst ) , they have good humour , great and funny ( in a nice way ) accents and of course home to top gear . 
  to a certain extent , yes . 
  i would agree there is still room for improvement , and that every once in a while they try to push some kind of crazy legislature - which actually makes lobbying a rather serious problem . 
  however , lobbying by arms manufacturers , so far , has been unsuccessful . 
  i think it simply has to do with the fact that nobody actually wants war , or at least far less than in the us where war is seen as measure instead of a resort . 
  i mean the amount of influence they have on politics . 
  got ta give an upvote for the effort of correcting the previous comparison , and providing us with valid data . 
  jup , and not only would it provide europe with a stronger and more efficient military , it would also provide more jobs and give a big boost to science and technology in europe . 
  of course we do n't want to spiral into the situation our american friends have right now , where arms manufacturers are very big players with very big interests . 
  but i think that we can manage to stay out of that grey area and actually profit from it as a community . 
  they should have made subcategories above that , because we 're partly paying over 50 % in the netherlands . 
  definitly true . 
  in the netherlands i am surprised so many people have bachelor degrees , since half the country has chosen for lower level tertiary education ( mbo ) which does n't result in a bachelor , but is still tertiary education while it 's probably not included in these statistics . 
  4 attempts !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  i can now lose my life in this game cause it 's so addictive !, 
  i do n't know if you have watched a couple of the documentaries about foreigners in detention , but it does n't particularly make your day any better . 
  the way we treat those people is fucking criminal . 
   coalition of vvd and pvda agree that illegal immigration will not be criminalized after all . 
  source ( dutch ) [ 6 ] well , it 's still illegal , but not punishable . 
  well , they usually do take measures to avoid being sued . 
  i participated in the euroscola event this march , and they had each and every single person present sign a release form because they have cameras in the plenary room . 
  exactly . 
  just to speak in america terms , i honestly think the people who would sign this partnership should be tried for treason . 
  in fairness western governments also tracked who visited wikileaks . 
  because these words are quite similar to the words used by obama in this video . 
  no , it means you . 
  ( sorry for the dutch ), 
   your christian democrats sound like liberals in america and your liberals sound like republicans in america . 
  yes , pretty much . 
   from what i 've heard , so correct me if i 'm wrong , is that debt is sometimes good , especially after an economic crisis like that in 2008 . 
  so , the government would spend and make infrastructure which would make jobs , which in turn would give people money which they can buy stuff with . 
  yeah , but that 's debt caused by investments . 
  the kind of cutting we do is simply cutting 40 % of a said department , which does n't really do anything other than save us a little money on the short term . 
  well , especially in times like this , facing a bit of a recession , it is very easy for a government to fall into a discontinuous pattern . 
  there seems to be an extreme focus on budget cuts in the parliament , which may or may not be what we want after all . 
  what happens then , is that some parties in the opposition try to be more populist and point at other causes of our debt/reduced wealth . 
  other parties ignore it altogether which makes them rather unpopular . 
  this creates a certain unpredictability for future decisions made by the government and voters .
