  most people living near them in the netherlands do n't get paid for them though except for the farmer whose land they are on , and that needs to change . 
  why they do n't pay people living around them is beyond me though ; probably greed . 
  there is a lot of resistance that could probably be resolved if you let those people share some of profits , to compensate their costs . 
  that 's a problem though , most of the netherlands does n't have any areas where you are n't close to housing . 
  this location here is quite unique in the fact that it is a relatively new man-made island , which means that everything has been planned out rather well . 
  the only reason they have so much space there is because it has n't been stuffed full of things yet . 
  the rest of the netherlands is . 
  at least something good has come from all this . 
  facebook has pretty agressive auto-report/delete features already . 
  their algorithms can ( and are ) easily be abused to remove things . 
  none of that is new . 
  the difference is that those other pieces of legislation , such as the cookie law , were at least in the light of consumer protection . 
  this could go beyond that and actually interfere with the democratic debate . 
  but swap it round and it 'll get taken down in seconds . 
  i 'm pretty sure saying men are equal might actually fall under `` hate speech '' in certain circumstances . 
  having been enrolled in a humanities studies for a while , none of that would surprise me . 
  while the percentage of people attending church outside the biblebelt is quite low , it really is n't difficult to find them . 
  just go to a town centre on a sunday morning and you 're guaranteed to find them in nearly every town or village in the netherlands . 
  yeah but that 's friesland . 
  :d seriously , the percentage of church goers is strongly tied to the region . 
  in the veluwe area it is probably much higher than in some traditionally socialist areas up north . 
  well , as a designer i would n't risk it . 
  you can copyright icons and this is one . 
  this `` simple '' shapes has quite a few things that make it `` original '' . 
  the shape of the hand is very distinct and there are drop-shadows behind the hand and on the white outline . 
  i think there is a copyright on it , simply because it 's more than just a random shape . 
  hell , you could probably copyright a single letter if you modified it enough ; that 's how font licences work . 
  a lot of people work or study outside of their own municipality . 
  i can hear the okkupert theme already . 
  think of your wealthy , whining , babyboom mother in law whose husband bought their first house at 26 after walking into the first company he saw , worked there until his retirement and now spends his days complaining about young people not working hard enough to pay for their pensions . 
  that 's basically what 50plus is like . 
  so all they care about is forking as much money to the pensioners and shitty reworded songs from corny old folk singers . 
  their idea of supporting younger generations is eliminating heritage taxes below $ 250000 . 
   we also removed parties that are polling at a level which would leave them with fewer than five seats . 
  i think they are wrong in dismissing these smaller parties , as they could very potentially hold the key to forming a coalition . 
  for a center-left or center-right coalition , the smaller christian parties have shown time and time again that they are very dependable coalition partners and capable of making mutually beneficial compromises . 
  for a right-wing government , a lot of the new alt-right parties are basically just different shades of pvv . 
  while they are completely untested and their militant nature does n't make them appear very stable , they would almost certainly be willing to join a right-wing coalition . 
  a desperate pvv , vvd ( yes , they have excluded each other , but i do n't think it would take much to change that ) and 50plus might be willing to pull parties like vnl into the coalition . 
  there would have to be a major shift in the polls for any kind of right-wing coalition to be even remotely feasible , but if they come close these smaller parties might just be the extra 6 or seven seats they need . 
  the sp has also ruled out forming a coalition with the vvd . 
  yeah we should n't be celebrating this at all . 
  wilders does best when he only gives a single interview in a month and just sends out protest tweets . 
  as soon as he has to live up to any expectation , he will go down in the polls again . 
  the best way to combat wilders is to force people to consider the reality of a country ruled by wilders . 
  this is probably true . 
  i navigate about seven roundabouts twice a day on my bicycle and it 's happened more than once that a driver was indicating left when i checked , but then changed their mind at the last moment . 
  luckily that car length between me and the roundabout provides just enough stopping distance for most cars , but i 've had one older car without abs bend my rear mudguard because i was behind his a-pillar . 
  yes and for this reason i 'm very much an advocate for giving cars priority when exiting the roundabout . 
  even as a cyclist , predictability is more important than priority for me , as slowing down a little bit wastes less energy than coming to a sudden stop . 
  it 's much easier for drivers and not worse for cyclists , and therefore it 's probably safer . 
  luckily in my part of the netherlands , this is the standard . 
  though in my area the amount of cyclists is relatively low . 
  if you 'd do this in a student city , all the cycle paths would be clogged up within minutes . 
  it 's our national trauma : srebrenica . 
  a small task force called `` dutchbat '' was tasked with protecting the muslim enclave of srebrenica as part of unprofor in the former yugoslavia . 
  srebrenica was geographically and mentally far removed from sarajevo and zagreb , which was the main fighting area . 
  the task force was lightly armed , small in size and not considered a priority for logistics and air support . 
  long story short , over time fewer and fewer supply convoys reached the enclave , dutch reinforcements were denied entry and the enclave itself started to turn into unrest . 
  the serbs became more and more threatening and eventually entered the protected area , eventually taking over the protected area . 
  while the bosnians the enclave had about 6000 men , only one-third of them were armed and only 1500 were trained soldiers . 
  many bosnians fled the enclave , and those who remained were encircled and then attacked by artillery , tanks and rifle fire . 
  those who survived either committed suicide in panic , accidentally shot each other in the dark , drowned while attempting to cross the river or surrendered to serbians in stolen un vehicles and uniforms . 
  dutchbat outposts were attacked , some being overrun and others forced to retreat . 
  this resulted in numerous dutch soldiers being captured by the serbs and one death , when bosnians threw a grenade into a retreating troop carrier . 
  the dutchbat commander made urgent requests for air support , which was the only true firepower the unprofor had , but it did n't arrive until late in the following day . 
  when air strikes did arrive , they destroyed one serb tank before leaving due to serbian threats to execute dutch and french pows . 
  the only armour dutchbat had were ypr-765 troop carriers , while the serbs had t-72 ( m-84 ) tanks . 
  the serbians had dutch and french pows , outnumbered dutchbat 5 to 1 before they took prisoners and had driven thousands of refugees to the un compound . 
  negotiations started between dutchbat and the serbian commander , mladi\u0107 , about the fate of the remaining bosnians in the un compound . 
  mladi\u0107 threatened to shell the compound if nato plans appeared . 
  eventually the plan was that the remaining bosnians would be transported by bus to bosniak-held territory . 
  the situation at this point was chaotic . 
  everyone was mixing together . 
  bosnians , dutchbat soldiers , vrs , serbs in dutchbat uniforms , women , children , elderly , men . 
  while people were loading onto buses , there were rapes and murders . 
  babies were killed in front of their mothers , teenage boys and elderly men were picked from the crowd and executed . 
  while dutchbat soldiers were kept away from the execution areas by the serbs , they realised bosnians going into a certain white building were not coming out again . 
  they witnessed rapes , but did not intervene for fear of the serbs . 
  it was an exceptionally messy and shitty situation . 
  but at least they had gotten some people off to safety right ? 
  well , eventually dutch soldiers noticed that while the women and children were arriving in bosniak-held territory , the buses carrying men were not . 
  i think you can fill in the blanks ... 
  many dutch people feel this battle was already lost before it even started . 
  even with air support the mission would have been borderline impossible , but when it turned out air support simply was n't there , some feeling like it was blocked by allies , people felt like dutchbat was knowingly sent into a situation where they could only choose between their death or defeat . 
  the result was a terrible genocide , rape , torture , a traumatized people , traumatised peacekeepers and a defeat of dutch ( military ) pride . 
  while it 's questionable whether mid-90s air support would have completely saved the enclave , air support was the single biggest weapon and the only substantial piece of firepower the force had . 
  without it , the peacekeepers were effectively nothing but human traffic cones , in my opinion . 
   some air support would be nice haha :(, 
  nice try , japan !, 
  yes , that 's a 50 % increase . 
  they could have just used more colours , but if for whatever reason they wanted to limit themselves to just five colours it would have made sense to add some resolution to the lower end of the spectrum where countries could otherwise have very big differences in murder rate , comparatively speaking , while having the same colour . 
  probably to get some resolution in the lower end of the spectrum . 
  i guess they a ) do n't really plan on what happens after the attack and b ) probably do n't want to get held up if the police at some point ask for their id . 
  it 's not beginning it 's just how it 's always been . 
  it 's not nearly as bad as in the us , but there are some people who are sceptical of most vaccinations . 
  in the map it roughly outlined our `` bible belt '' and a bit of the randstad , though these days it 's apparently also very much a thing among highly educated , atheist , college liberal parents . 
  i would not say it 's a growing movement though , at least not in the bible belt . 
  the hpv vaccination program , for example , is quite controversial still , but for the standard child vaccination program resistance seems to be much less . 
  translation :  bible belt , but also these days you have those yuppie/hippy parents who drink shaked grass and eat birdfood who do n't want to vaccinate for non-religious reasons .
