  if anything , our immigration and ` islamisation ' problems would probably have been less if it was n't for him . 
  not least because simply did n't have enough people to exploit their lands . 
  the hague invasion act . 
  i think heathrow is more limited by its size and number of runways than by number of passengers atm . 
  this is n't `` reddit '' , this the general opinion of / r/thenetherlands , which actually does n't follow most of reddit . 
  generally , discussion over there are civil and quite constructive . 
  it 's just that many dutch people feel like dutch sovereignty is not respected by some other countries , * particularly * the us . 
  and you ca n't blame them when you guys actually have a law threatening to invade us . 
  your dismissal of their arguments by calling it `` reddit '' is actually a good example of that ... :p other arguments the discussion brought up was the costs , which for the most part have to paid by the airport , legal issues , quality of service ( the tsa is n't particularly known for its customer friendliness ) , privacy concerns ( booking information will be available to us customs ) and the fact that the us simply pushing its borders outwards , while the us border is in the us and not in the netherlands . 
  that 's the problem , the airport will be paying the largest part of the bill . 
  straight to ic is more accurate . 
  not that much actually , not compared to other countries . 
  and even though we have our own , we still buy from other countries and then sell some again . 
  actually big data is a very fast growing business . 
  as a web developer , safari has now overtaken ie as the most hated browser in my life . 
  whereas ie8 at least had some interesting proprietary technologies you could use to fix things and the js behaviour was quite predictable , safari is just being fucking hipster . 
  seriously , safari is worse than ie8 at this point . 
  it is just impressive how they managed to produce a browser so bad while not even writing their own rendering engine . 
  that is exactly why i have firefox without it ( i think vanilla firefox also has an omnibar ) . 
  every time you type * anything * into the omnibar , it gets sent straight to google . 
  not all of them , most of the ones i used turned out to either be p2p ( and thus you being an exit node ) or just got removed from the store in weeks . 
  well you might be able to get cheaper food in the us , but overall for the same quality you have really low prices in the netherlands . 
  whenever i go to the us , the first day i will think `` that 's cheap ! '', 
  and buy some disgusting chemical waste product , only to come back the next day buying something that is slightly more expensive in the us than in the netherlands . 
  `` healthy '' foods in particular are much cheaper in the netherlands . 
  the reason for this is very simple : a while back we had `` the first supermarket war '' , in which all supermarkets tried to get as much of the market share as possible . 
  the result were catastrophic and supermarkets started selling some products under the cost price . 
  this is also why there are relatively few foreign supermarkets in the netherlands , the only ones being the supercheaps from germany : aldi and lidl . 
  because groceries are actually really cheap in the netherlands , most people do n't realise this , but compared most other countries including the us , groceries are quite cheap here . 
  for other products it 's also barely worth it because of the competition from germany . 
  dutch prices are now pretty much the same as in germany , except for houses and building materials . 
  and cars . 
  it 's gotten slightly better . 
  i remember that as a kid when i often slept during the drive to belgium , i was always woken up by the roar as soon as we crossed the border . 
  as someone who lives close to the german border , it 's barely worth it nowadays . 
  when i happen to go to germany for something else , i 'll fill up there , but otherwise the difference is pretty small , especially when the prices are low . 
  that 's his job . 
  he is there to reduce the amount of excessive regulation . 
  i think it should be loan words , but that would also mean this map is not accurate . 
  there are quite a lot of dutch words with a c that are n't really loan words . 
  concept , concentratie , etc. 
  we also use it digraphs , such as the ch , which we pronounce as a hard g. unless even words like those are considered loan words , we should be coloured red . 
  oh wait , you 're right . 
  edited . 
  i know , but he was talking about close quarters and stuff . 
  but yeah , their biggest successes are the mag , the fal and the minimi + the licensed produced weapons . 
  the scar , the p90 and the f2000 are also designed and produced by fn . 
  i 'd say h&k have enough credibility and expertise to be able to design a very , very good gun . 
  in real life ( and proper games like arma ) on most rifles you can select the fire mode . 
  the g3 can fire both semi-auto and fully-auto . 
  the g3 is battle rifle . 
  this means it is a rifle that uses a heavier round than the 5.56 mm rounds ( that the g36 , the m16 and various other lighter ` assault ' rifles use ) , the 7.62 mm rounds . 
  it is aimed at engaging targets a bit further out and packing a bit more punch . 
  the mg42 is indeed the heavy machine gun , with a very high fire rate and 7.92 mm . 
  i think an invasion of poland would be extremely threatening to western europe . 
  for example for me in the netherlands it would mean there is literally one country between us and russia . 
  i think poland has become a more prominent member of the eu in last couple of years . 
  it 's no longer just some far away country supplying cheap labour , it 's become a relatively large political player . 
  i think attacking poland would mean war as there is no way you can reasonably abstain from action at that point . 
  germany will fight , and that means the netherlands , denmark , probably france and britain will too . 
  the us will very likely join in as well , or perhaps focus on reinforcing the baltic states at that point . 
  is n't that basically what is happening already ? 
  it is definitely a certain type of people that associate themselves with eurovision . 
  i always had the impression that it really is a bit of an lgtb [ insert whatever letters i forgot here ] party , yet it 's still being broadcast in russia :d . 
  yeah some of the girls were only a 9/10 last time i visited sweden . 
  why is this comparission terrible ? 
  i just read it . 
  go read the last part of article 19 in detail . 
  sure it has the word `` visum '' in it , but in my interpretation this treaty itself wo n't change much , as it is basically the continuation of a plan from 2010 . 
  but i mean , this is the trouble with this whole referendum , everybody is calling everybody a liar while spreading half-truths themselves . 
  there has been a serious lack of neutral sources for people to verify their information and interpretations with . 
  article 19 speaks about a preparation towards future visa free travel . 
  however , this is simply a continuation of a plan presented in 2010 . 
  this treaty does n't change much in that respect . 
  as far as i am aware , visa free travel is not part of this very treaty . 
  it seems to be a lie from geenpeil that has become one of the main arguments against the treat . 
  yay democracy ... 
  i would definitely prefer this format over the others . 
  it 's logical in multiple ways and great for computers . 
  / u/holysideburns said absolutely nothing about lies . 
  now i am fairly pessimistic of nature , but even i do n't think people are * that * stupid . 
  well they have n't actually been recognised as a religion , but just as a church . 
  so it 's basically just a legal status as a non-profit . 
  if true , get an attorney , document the injuries as extensively as possible . 
  as for the phone : use it as little as possible ( preferably not at all ) and try to recover the deleted video using software available online , but again preferably after discussing this with an attorney as i am unsure what the requirements for evidence are in belgian courts . 
  lastly , it might be worth getting in touch with the british embassy . 
  well for one , people live on dikes too . 
  furthermore , dikes usually do n't follow the best route to whatever destination the motorway is headed . 
  but there are highways on top of dikes , the [ afsluitdijk ] ( http://www.fryslansite.com/d-base/foto/afsluitdijk03.jpg ) is an example , but it 's not like you can build that road anywhere else ... 
  the only reason it 's there is because another stretch of motorway was too heavily congested . 
  the economic impact of traffic jams is quite severe , so i guess this road can cost really quite a lot before the country starts making a net loss on it . 
  because larger shields require less training and better in certain scenarios . 
  however , for situations the dutch police encounter these shields are more useful than larger , less mobile shields . 
  well it was more like police sponsored , but yeah when i was an eight grader that was one of the most awesome school days ever . 
   the poll was commissioned by geert wilder 's pvv ( freedom ) party . 
  yeah ... and in that poll only asks `` are in favor of stopping immigration from islamic countries '' , not whether the borders should be closed . 
  and even that question only get a small majority among those polled . 
  would you rather fight with several kilos of metal tied to your arm or a feather light shield that makes you look like spartacus ? 
  the shield is not going to do anything if your team fucked up so badly that you are attacked by multiple people from different directions , it does n't really matter how big your shield is or even if you 're inside a tank . 
  batons are used as weapons , and are usually enough to at least keep rioters on a distance .
