  there seems to be trend where people are moving away from the `` old '' , solidary christian democrats who put emphasis on the government 's duty to care for its citizen , to a more liberal government who is a lot sterner on issues like benefits and immigration . 
   the netherlands sounds fucking awesome right about now . 
  only when it comes to healthcare though , and even then , i think some other european countries would be a better choice to live in . 
  two million ?!, 
  wow ... that 's like big ass villa money . 
  actually that does make me realise how i think about healthcare . 
  i always see it as `` free '' while at same time , your life is probably worth a lot more than a two million dollar house , and when we live in a world where demand makes prices , two million is quite good deal ; free is just awesome . 
  well , you see whether you are in favour of it or not , euthanasia is - and should always be a big deal . 
  besides religious and ethical arguments , there is a lot more to it than you might think . 
  it 's not so much the church that causes that . 
  therefore , i do n't think it strange that a many countries are n't quite ready for this kind of law yet . 
  whether that 's desirable , that 's up to you . 
  but with a little patience , other countries will imply similar rules in the future . 
  are there too many churches or too few schools ? 
  more like high-clarity . 
  you 're it does n't look good on a sunny day , but this is not hdr . 
  it 's quite simple . 
  your wikipedia page probably refers to a poll where they asked people `` i believe there is a god '' , and 22 % of the interviewed group said yes . 
  i pulled the data from my memory , which came from [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/church_of_norway ) page . 
  so quite simply : 76 % of the norwegians is registered at the church of norway . 
  so you can decide for yourself which one is most accurate , but my source is actually a number of the entire population , not just a selected group . 
  also it 's more about whether or not they sympathize with the church . 
  more so , this `` kind of personal faith '' is exactly what we see in a lot of countries , not just norway . 
  the thing you see here is that churches , protestantism in particular , has moved away from the medieval church-says-all idea . 
  you 'd be surprised how progressive most modern christians are . 
  i think faith and rationality can coexist very well . 
  i am religious but i also attend scientific education , quite a few of my friends are gay whom i fully respect and i live a life much like any other . 
  the thing is that there are a lot of progressive faithful people as well , probably more than the general public imagines there to be . 
  it might vary from place to place , but it is remarkable that northern-european countries like norway and the netherlands are the most tolerant towards all minorities in the world , yet roughly 80 % of the norwegians and 55 % of the dutch are religious . 
  you see , people like / u/behaos might give you a certain impression of ` religion ' as such . 
  it would be very generalist to say that due to people like him , all people who believe in a god are bad . 
  i would be considered religious as well , but things like this disgust me as least as much as it disgusts you . 
  to say that i would have anything to do with this kind of thinking is absolutely absurd . 
  fact is that these sort of practices are non-existent in a lot of cultures and churches . 
  it 's mainly ( south - ) eastern , middle eastern and african cultures where this happens . 
  it 's bad , but i think it has more to do with culture ( which can partly be a certain religion ) than with religion as a concept , but because religion and culture are often deeply entangled it is often hard to distinguish the two . 
  i meant as in the italians having a stereotype of being like berlusconi . 
  yeah , but that does n't count since it 's italian . 
  edit : i meant as in the italians having a stereotype of being like berlusconi . 
  i haven nothing against italy . 
  why would you ask for it ? 
  i have had to use them once , but i would never ask for them if they were n't absolutely necessary . 
  they are n't particularly healthy , ruin your teeth , taste disgusting and i ca n't imagine they are good for your intestines either . 
  [ translated examples . 
  ] ( http://www.jokes4us.com/miscellaneousjokes/worldjokes/francejokes.html ), 
  or you could take the tunnel underneath if you want to enjoy the view ... , 
   belgium : great drivers . 
  did not expect this . 
  you most have been trolled by some sort of hidden camera show , because they 're between france ( chaotic ) and german ( strict ) . 
  it 's us , dutchies , and the germans against the world . 
  we are the freedom fighters for the existence of pure coffee and tea . 
  i can understand quite some jokes by using my english vocabulary , in combination with my few french lessons . 
  on a side note : french humour is n't particularly sophisticated most of the time :d . i do n't find them funny even if my french teacher explains them . 
  sometimes they 're just so straight forward you think you 've missed the clue while you have n't . 
  well most people speak english , which has great similarity to german , and could be considered to be at least partially germanic . 
  mein is very similar to my . 
  vater is very similar to father , which is one of the most common ` sounds ' in the world . 
  sie is a word you would have to know , yes . 
  but it 's one of the first word you 'll ever hear a german say . 
  k\u00f6nnen sound similar to can . 
  in does n't need to be explained , nor does computer . 
  gucken is the only word you would really have to guess from the context . 
  das is similar to that , ist to is , nicht to not and dein can be easily guessed by it 's place in the sentence . 
  well , i did n't really either but i think you could still understand this with general linguistic knowledge . 
  i was terrible at german at school , but i have no trouble understanding this . 
  i bet most of the people on this subreddit could at the very least get the joke . 
  they need help . 
  if you 're going to select the political asylum seekers and refugees who do n't need help , you 're probably going to end up with about none . 
  you could have some kind of mental test , but to find the people that need help the most instead . 
  you see , i have spoken quite a lot of asylum seekers in the netherlands who have fled violence , war and prosecution . 
  these people have experienced worse things than many veterans have . 
  yet , while the veterans are ( rightfully ) given help , these traumatized people are just treated as `` unwanted '' . 
  i may be projecting the dutch situation on yours , but then i am sure there are similar situations over there as well . 
  and yes , there might be people who just do n't deserve your premium-treatment - i 'm not denying that . 
  but just keep in mind that even these `` criminals '' probably have a reason they do these bad things . 
  not an excuse , just a reason . 
  there are many differences between the soil in the us and europe . 
  to give an example , the fracking in poland is a lot less productive than the wells in the usa . 
  one of the first things you learn when you study economy is that the employment rates usually trail behind the economic growth with a delay of about year . 
  okay then it 's a different story , i thought you were an expat who 's only reason to stay is his job . 
  unconditional capitalism is never good . 
  you always need to nuance things a bit . 
  there is an end in sight . 
  economists are reluctantly ( because they all just written their reports and evaluations ) declaring the end of the crisis . 
  whether or not this is premature will be proven by the time to come . 
  the thing is though that while economy may not grow as much , europe 's `` socialist '' countries with their `` large public sectors '' have kept the living standard reasonably high . 
  unlike the us , people ca n't just be left without a home , money and food . 
  most countries have a variety of both public and private aids and benefits . 
  as a woman on dutch tv once said : `` there is no poverty in the netherlands , there are only people who do n't make their money themselves . '', 
  ... just like pretty much the whole of europe . 
  i would n't consider you an immigrant , more like a just another foreigner . 
  sadly , yes . 
  they might tie you down if you 're really unlucky . 
   the arrows on motorway signs point in the wrong direction that 's actually an interesting topic . 
  they ran trials with new signs , with arrows pointing up . 
  the results were quite good . 
  the traffic appeared to congest a little bit less , but i 'm not sure what did with the knowledge afterwards . 
  please stop this pedantic madness . 
  i 'm getting quite sick off it . 
  yes , we all know that 's `` the netherlands '' , but we also know exactly what people refer to with holland .
