  tosties . 
  they 're called tosties . 
  is that last one real ? 
  you should 've know it 's the international cricket court . 
  same goes for us ... 
  do n't tell them ; that could hurt sales . 
  you see , that 's where you might be making a mistake . 
  we divide them into different groups . 
  in this particular case we only outlaw their criminal activities and their `` assault division '' . 
  nobody is saying foreigners are completely innocent . 
  people do say that it 's wrong to stigmatize and generalize them . 
  some foreigners are genuine , hard-working people and they do not deserve to be discriminated or worse . 
  and that justifies the torture of innocent people ? 
  does it justify committing politically motivated murders ? 
  there are plenty problems in any field right now , but to support a neo-nazi party is just another way of saying you lost all hope . 
  the greek government only seeks to outlaw the `` assault division '' as mentioned by / u/weepingmeadow . 
  their political activities will still remain legal . 
  i could agree with this , as long as somebody is allowed to cover their body , aka wear a burkini . 
  either norwegian or icelandic . 
  we 've come far enough to compare our governments with mafia ... that itself is a pretty disturbing signal to me . 
  [ our king ] ( http://www.metronieuws.nl/_internal/gxml!0/r0dc21o2f3vste5s7ezej9x3a10rp3w$dau96eeby21haxgqrp8z00ahl7mxii8/koning-willem.jpeg ) of course !, 
  in the netherlands sex does n't matter when it comes to the monarch . 
  we do n't have earthquakes , we do n't have hurricanes , no tornados , no scary fishes , no scary snakes , no bears nor do we have anything else that 's going to make your life even a little bit dangerous . 
  excuse me , but you forgot that we invaded them , conquering london in in the glorious revolution . 
  neh , we do n't give a shit about how anyone calls our country . 
  nationalism is pretty much non-existent in the netherlands , except for when there 's football or when the king does something fancy . 
   there is a wwii memorial in every town , no matter how small . 
  this is pretty much true for holland as well . 
  ** netherlands ** * prince friso was buried by the royal family . 
  friso fell into a coma after he was buried under the snow by an avalanche for a period of time . 
  * two belgians were arrested in what was thought to be a hostage situation . 
  the police received a call from within the house , in which was said multiple people were detained against their will inside the house by two men . 
  after the situation was resolved by the dutch equivalent of a swat team , questions arose about the integrity of the ` victims ' . 
  after questioning by the police , the two belgian men were quickly released and their vehicles returned . 
  the polava turned out to be a `` business conflict '' . 
  no one was wounded . 
  * various comments on the fyra train debacle . 
  how are they doing in denmark btw ? 
  * a dutch boy fell into a norwegian river and perished into the water . 
  he was later found after norwegian rescue workers built a barrier out of sandbags . 
  * a mentally confused man pointed two pistols at a police man , pulling the trigger . 
  the man was quickly worked to the ground and no one was wounded . 
  the two pistols were found to be unloaded and disabled . 
  * ( that how you do it america !, 
  ) * * [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2013/08/the_netherlands_hosts_more_por.php ), 
  i have to say that i find a lot of brits passionately disliking religious schools . 
  i can understand this , and that is perhaps because even though i am christian , i find the religious schools in great britain to be a little backwards compared to the ones abroad . 
  however , you must not forget to make the distinction between these schools , foreign ( often less - ) religious schools and religious education on it 's own . 
  my school for example is officially religious , but in holland that means it is not much more than a school where religion is fully accepted . 
  only half the student go to church , and the education it self is not affected by beliefs at all since the government decides the matter . 
  religion classes are mandatory , but they are not only about religion . 
  most of it is actually philosophy , along with knowledge about foreign religions . 
  in the end i think this kind of system provides a very open and acceptant environment for everyone regardless of your religion , orientation ( in any field ) or behaviour . 
  you know why ? 
  the majority of christians is actually very acceptant and loving towards fellow citizen . 
  homosexuality , faith and general personal life are a non-issue over here . 
  do n't make a fuss about something if you do n't have to . 
  respect one for what he wants to be . 
  we have that too , here in holland . 
  sure , but it is still not right to compare the well-willing germans - who do no wrong and for whoms actions can very well be made a case - to their nazi ancestors . 
  it 's not about taking on so many refugees , in fact i * am * worried about the consequences it will have . 
  what my comment is about is the unexplainable hatred and cockiness some of the comments here show against the germans simply for being quite nice to refugees . 
  it 's not okay to go into a discussion about such an important and controversial topic and just go on about the war . 
  are you seriously bringing up the war again ? 
  shall i start about how the british tried to conquer not just a sub-continent , but the whole world and are still priding themselves for their atrocities ? 
  i should n't , because we are trying to have a civil discussion here . 
  but apparently the average brit is n't capable of that . 
  such a shame . 
  the uk should n't be in the eu . 
  they are not ideologically , nor politically , nor culturally closely aligned enough with the rest of us . 
  we have made plenty of exceptions for them , have been extremely respectful to their culture and customs and we have given them the same awards as everyone else . 
  there is a point when it is has been enough . 
  their completely lack of respect for what by both supporters and opponents should be seen as heart-warming german initiatives shows how not american exceptionalism , but british exceptionalism is most relevant today . 
  i do n't understand how the british commenters here think it is acceptable to talk about the `` fourth reich '' when the germans are the ones actually doing something good here . 
  yeah `` hollanda '' is the fifth one . 
  but kindergarten is pre-school , much like the `` peuterspeelzaal '' , which children can attend from when they 're two or three years old . 
  it 's a lot like a daycare , just structured in such a way that children learn to function in a group or class . 
  it 's also only for a couple hours a week . 
  the `` kleuterschool '' is very much a school already . 
  it 's so incredibly lucky that two military personnel happened to be in the train , sitting close enough to that specific toilet to hear him loading the weapon * and * managed to overpower him . 
  apparently he had nine mags with him . 
  they prevented a big disaster . 
  it 's also not entirely uncommon for the thalys to break down ... 
  and it must be noted we have many , many `` christian '' schools , and yet only 7 schools in the netherlands teach creationism . 
  i mean we have a lot we can complain about in the netherlands , but 99 % of the christian schools are actually good schools with often good science education . 
   if muhammed cartoons were presented without political context in a `` here , look at this shit because it 's edgy '' manner , that would be pure dickness . 
  that is exactly what he did . 
  it was n't constructive in any way , the only reason these images are shown is because they are edgy . 
  the unique property these images have is that they are edgy , most of them do n't even convey an actual message . 
   this is a protest against extremists who are willing to take lives because of a picture . 
  yeah , protesting against * extremists * by insulting the common believer . 
  all he did was say `` look , somebody who claimed to have the same religion as you shot some people so i am going to abuse my privileges and insult you '' . 
  he is insulting , hurting people just to provoke some people and gain some votes . 
  again , what he did here did nothing to improve anything . 
  he is as non-constructive as ever , most likely worsening the situation . 
  but this is just hateful and not constructive in any way . 
  this is was not to practice his freedoms , this was simply to gain votes and insult muslims . 
  the only thing that twat is doing is robbing the rest of us of our chance on a proper debate . 
  all he has ever done is turn already sensitive , but still debatable topics , into complete taboos , polarise the society .
