  during larger events water cannons and horses are sometimes used . 
  for intimidation , they usually use dogs , and on an inexperienced crowd , from what i have seen , a single bark shuts them up , the second sends them running . 
  however , the bottom line is that the officer has a gun . 
  if they are very outnumbered or in danger of being overrun , they draw their firearms . 
  this is usually pretty effective . 
  the worst riot incident in recent history in the netherlands were probably the beach riots of 2009 , where a group of hooligans turned a party of 30.000 people in a large riot . 
  the police had anticipated for a lower number of people and the outnumbered units were driven into the dunes and were eventually forced to shoot directly on the attackers in order to contain them . 
  two undercover officers were spotted and had to fire warning shots . 
  eventually mounted ( horsies ) police broke up the crowd . 
  but it definitely showed that when you get in such a situation where you are heavily outnumbered against a bunch of mindless lunatics your only option is the gun . 
  well not entirely . 
  there is definitely a credible case to be made for the thesis that us - or at least western - involvement in the middle east during 20th century has lead to the current crises . 
  some lead it back to british colonisation , and that too is very likely a significant contributor . 
  the interesting thing here is that most people here , in western countries and western media like to see the whole conflict and anti-western terrorism as an ideological conflict , whereas i think you could also say this is much more about land , resources , independence - like a real war . 
  religion is used as an instrument , but to say islam is the primary motivator would be wrong . 
  this is just as much as an ideological war as the gulf war was . 
  during the process of decolonisation , borders were drawn up and not grown over decades or centuries . 
  it would seem predictable that , for example , leaving iraq without a sea port is n't the most sensible thing to do . 
  consequent western interference seems not to have helped , but instead have fuelled the fire . 
  to say the us has started it is very simplistic and perhaps wrong , but i think it is pretty much certain they have for the last 50 years or so definitely been the largest western destabiliser in the middle east . 
  but apart from the us and britain , i think it is still unfair to just blame those two for the whole crisis . 
  most european countries did at the very least approve , sometimes even contribute to interventions in the middle east . 
  most likely real bullets . 
  these were warning shots , and they do n't fire them to show off they have fake bullets . 
  they fire them to show they have real bullets . 
  and this has debate has been going on for a long time , but even if a falling bullet were to be lethal ( which does n't seem to be the case with lighter calibres ) it certainly is very unlikely . 
  they do have protective gear under their uniforms , and the shields work quite well . 
  the shields are actually quite interesting when compared to those of other nation 's riot police . 
  the philosphy behind these shields are that they are very light and can be used to bounce off anything thrown at the police . 
  they are designed to be used more pro-actively and police will often step forward to `` catch '' objects before they hit the ground . 
  even big objects like metal fences are usually met in the air and then controlled until they land on the ground so they do n't bounce upwards again . 
  the same goes for the dark-blue riot police vans . 
  they too bounce off objects . 
  we did a `` riot-policeman for a day '' day in primary school and we did a mock riot with half the class being police and half the class being the rioters at a police training centre . 
  they specifically instructed us * not * to throw anything at the vans from within 10 meters , as they will come back and hit you in the face . 
  naturally , not everyone followed that order . 
  of building profiles of non-users . 
  they are the biggest offender , and therefore several legitimate reasons could be brought up why facebook has so far been the only one fined for building ghost-profiles of non-users . 
  at best they could argue it is arbitrariness and randomness in the application of the law , but since this is a court order and not a law i highly doubt that would have even the slightest chance of changing anything . 
  they can very easily ( and technically correctly ) say they `` do not store your browsing history '' , but if you are at the same time typing everything into the omnibar , you are still sending the content of that bar to google with every key you press . 
  so chrome may not actually send your history to google , but all that search data is logged , perhaps even with the ip and other meta data . 
  haha :(, 
  the collaboration projects indeed seem to be mostly aimed at reviving and gaining expertise in areas we ca n't afford to have full-scale units of . 
  the side effect is a nice experiment for international cooperation , but i doubt that was actually the primary motivation . 
  possibly , but i do n't know if that is necessarily what we want . 
  the heart of the eurozone is pretty dependant on its exports . 
  i basically see only three scenarios : 1 . 
  arguably the best scenario : europe wakes up and realises it needs to cooperate more and become more self-aware and mature when it comes to international politics . 
  we would probably see some kind of european central army to compensate for the fact that we can no longer rely on the us for protection against russia and to protect the eu 's interests abroad . 
  trump turns out to be more of the same and nothing will really change except that the us might start a few wars here and there . 
  the worst scenario : trump turns america inwards , france elects le pen , others elect their populist leaders , europe becomes divided , the eu falls apart , recession ensues , russia arrives at the polish border and the fight against global warming is ceased . 
  the number of jets and the number jets in operational condition are usually pretty far apart . 
  i just read they are planning on adding onedrive backups soon . 
  on android you have google drive that does the same thing as icloud . 
  whatsapp will ask whether you want to backup your messages to drive . 
  i think you might be able to do the same thing with onedrive on windows phone . 
  hairpin bend . 
  it 's actually the minimum angle at which one must enter the corner . 
  hmm , yeah . 
  i had n't seen that one . 
  it does look a bit fishy . 
  the bokey does n't look very natural , but it is hard to judge the distances between the subjects due to the depth compression . 
  there are n't any definitive signs of composition , but there are some things that are suspicious . 
  the texturing of the explosion on the right does seem indicative of a lower resolution image being used and there seems to be a bit of a divide between the fore - and background . 
  and while there has been extensive use of artillery including mlrs in ukraine , the whole scene does indeed seem too spectacular to be true . 
  could you link the exact photo ? 
  i can see a few where he raised the saturation and darkened the oranges , but i did n't see any that appeared fake . 
  do they really though ? 
  if you 're interested in this topic , you should read * the gulf war did not take place * by jean baudrillard . 
  it 's a pretty well known essay about how the media do exactly the opposite of what you just said . 
  also , it contains some of the most fitting sexual metaphors i have ever seen . 
  compositing to create a photo this natural is extremely difficult . 
  compositing almost always leaves behind pretty tell-tale clues . 
  it could n't be done with the large amount of photos this photographer takes without a single clue anywhere . 
  that guy is trying to add legitimacy to his comment by stating that he is a photog / vfx artist and pointing out a random fact . 
  all he says is that the depth of field on that one particular photo looks off , but there is a pretty clear difference between the natural dof and the post-processing in that picture . 
  and even * if * he 's right and the image has been edited , it was only an attempt to create the perception of a shallower depth of field , which is extremely common . 
  if you look at that commenters instagram , you can see how fake his added fireballs look . 
  compare the pictures of this `` vfx artist '' with the photos of this photographer and you 'll see the difference . 
  i can easily believe these images are staged . 
  they are definitely heavily post-processed , but in pretty much every oddity i can recognise techniques that i use myself ; techniques that are there to enhance certain effects or moods . 
  there is no indication that these images are composites . 
  ukrainian fighter jets can absolutely reach the height of flight mh17 . 
  mh17 was shot down at fl330 ( 33,000 feet ) , the service ceiling of a mig-29 is around 59,000 feet . 
  space affairs routinely take mig-29s up to 74.000 feet . 
  whoever said ukrainian fighter jets ca n't reach fl330 is lying or misinformed . 
  i 'm not partial to either side , but as a bit of a plane nut i ca n't stand this kind of bullshit being passed around . 
  yeah and ? 
  just because it 's common place does n't mean it 's good . 
  you might say that every country that can afford it will attack and conquer its smaller neighbours , or that every self-respecting president will eliminate his political enemies . 
  just because people have a tendency to do it does n't mean it 's good . 
  good thing they 're at a pool then . 
  if they rented the pool for themselves , i do n't see how this would be aggressive in the slightest . 
  surely none of these people must ever have been to pool parties or even a kid 's birthday pool party with a dress code . 
  and that 's how we end up with tsa-style checkpoints at stadiums . 
  we had some issues with rain over here as well recently . 
  rain is a bit different to deal with than the sea . 
  the sea stays in one place and is very predictable . 
  but rain and rivers are much less predictable and at some point it is going to be tough to pump all the rain out and to keep the rivers within their banks . 
  also , raising all the dykes along all rivers is a much bigger operation than raising the dykes along the coast .
