  it 's currently in the works with turkey entering northern syria . 
  rural people moving to big cities, 
  well you are entitled to that opinion . 
  i am not a big fan of chinese myself . 
  do you mean the turkish language or his one ? 
  good effort on translating the name 8/8 m8 . 
  some are but there are tons of illegally built buildings built by immigrants from the poorer regions . 
  the middle class will be fine but when the earthquake comes , it wo n't be pretty . 
  the istanbul earthquake will kill a million . 
  i just young it curious . 
  this is the first time i 've seen someone use \u0130stanbul instead of constantinepole but use smyrna instead of \u0130zmir . 
  and he is absolutely correct in that . 
  a swedish goverment offical made the same stupid comment . 
  except the guy accused is fucked because of social ostracization and the girl does n't even get a slap on the wrist . 
  mannheim is a city within itself is n't it ? 
  i went to mannheim from heidelberg with line 5 , and went back to heidelberg with the same line . 
  maybe for an untrained pallete . 
  as said by others i did n't record the street names while visiting for half a day . 
  i expected d\u00f6nershops and speaking turkish in them . 
  what suprised and kinda bothered me was seeing adds and shop signs fully in turkish . 
  what horrified me was sitting next to a man with islamic clothing and a woman with a burka speaking broken turkish mixed with broken german . 
  which has never happened to me back in \u0130zmir . 
  mannheim was such a weird exprience . 
  some streets seemed like ankara which is pretty crappy . 
  it 's sad that a way of life is threatened . 
  the problem is when i see people taking advantage of those human rights maliciouls time and time again , i feel like they need to be rewritten . 
  ignoring the refugees , there are human rights organizations fighting for the rights of barbaric practices and terrorists . 
  `` is because of the law '' actually a good reason though ? 
  if a law is not for the benefit of the people , it should be changed . 
  did you live through it ? 
  i am guessing it was all hunky dorry there . 
  well there are hundereds of thousands of people here who can talk about how they were tortured and half that number who just disappeared . 
  but whatever , coups are what all the kool kids are doing and i hope you get yours . 
  one asskisser mayor of bumfuckshittown does n't make it the countrys offical policy . 
  i do n't take / r/mannaussachsen as an example of an average day in germany . 
  i do n't know , if i did i would be a billionier economist . 
  my uneducated and worthless opinion is that spending a shitload of money on child benefits may have results . 
  i think that 's what france is doing and they have 2.0 fertilitiy which still is n't replacement but good enough . 
  do you deny that the problems i described stem from getting women into the workforce ? 
  i do n't think we should go back to 50 's and i already described problems with that model in my second post myself . 
  yet you are ignoring the problems that stem from the current model we employ . 
  i believe everyone should be free to do whatever career they want to pursue . 
  i also believe in a society where men work and women take care of the house , there is a situation where women are vulnerable to being left out and forced to try to fend for themselves after spending many years with a different goal , behind all the competition . 
  however closing your ears and screaming `` lalala '' does n't change anything . 
  doubling the workforce and halving the value of labor has these consequences . 
  creating an enviorment where both members of the household have to work has consequences . 
  children do n't raise themselves . 
  you want women in the workforce . 
  here they are . 
  does n't have to do with sidestepping the law or taking her turn from her husband ? 
  i mean ... 
  i saw a pretty convincing documentry . 
  he was also in the parliment previously, 
  why is there so many fires at the same time though ? 
  is it coordinated ? 
  i mean last month pkk tried to burn some forests here but who would want to fuck with portugal ? 
  turkey is extremely close to azerbeijan due to cultural ties . 
  but you probably know that . 
  it is more to support an ally rather than to damage an enemy . 
  i was worried about floridaman having access to nukes . 
  but i guess he can just build some himself if he actually wants to . 
  when i was in germany every where being closed on sunday was the most cancerous thing ever . 
  i come from a city where you can get whatever you want 24/7 and it was really annoying to me . 
  are there any nukes in florida ? 
  i would put a sarcasm warning in that post then . 
  some people really do believe you ca n't distinguish people by their features or accents . 
  it is extremely easy . 
  chinese sounds really different, 
  they really need someone to look overthem now do n't they . 
  maybe a govement with really good meat dishes . 
  sun , cresent ... what 's the difference ? 
  yeah yeah , g\u00fclen is a lie , all turks are brainwashed and we are in the eu next year . 
  next ? 
  at least they give their stolen names to small towns . 
  germany has 2 large cities named frankfurt . 
  we are talking about a foreign entity supporting the ira because they fight `` a bigger evil . '', 
  i certanly did n't appiciate the western support for ypg when their sister organization bombed the next station while i was on the metro . 
  i think you would have a different opinion about that `` ira deal '' if you lived in belfast . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i have been reading articles about how shit life is in turkey for 2 weeks, 
  thanks for confirming my biases about you, 
  what would you say is the difference between azerbaijan and georgia ? 
  no , nobody was killed what the hell . 
  i do n't think you can stage an invasion from 5.000 km away because you were there 600 years ago and call it defending yourself . 
  `` let me defend myself by hopping on to my ship and conquer a city 5.000 km away '', 
  it seems to me that he seeks converts from the younger people so catholisim does n't die in europe after all the old people die . 
  russian and turkish position has been opposite because the turkish position has been the american position . 
  getting closer to russia would mean that would change as well . 
  yeah i realize the historical context of the fleur-de-lis . 
  i just was n't avare of the use of fasces other than italian faschists . 
  is +25 hot for you ? 
  germans seem to live only by instinct when at the beach . 
  as soon as they enter they take all their clothes of , reserve places with their towels and start digging holes . 
  holstein is pretty much denmark and they are pretty much island germans , so it 's not so off . 
  wow did n't know you guys used the fasces as the national symbol . 
  fleur-de-lis looks much better though, 
  and swamp germans stealing our tulips . 
  fucking europe stealing all our flowers . 
  vast majority of the honor crimes are done by people of kurdish origin with turkish citizenship . 
  you can see germany 's problems with turks when you look at organized crime though .
