  turkish invasion of cyprus was fully justified . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_guarantee_ ( 1960 ), 
  i would assume a spd victory would mean a coalition with two parties who are very much in favor of immigration . 
  how is he on immigration ? 
  as the world gets richer , more educated and rid of misery religion loses its power . 
  today , in the most developed regions of earth , churches are empty . 
  and today 's empty churches will be tomorrows empty mosques . 
  there is the french graph with wwii contribution perceptions throughout the years . 
  maybe someone feeling helpful can post it . 
  as someone who has his own reasons to be butthurt about the us , i am really glad we aligned with and i am really glad about our alliance against the soviets . 
  canada and australia are already aligned with the us and latin america used to use their alignment to play ussr and us against each other . 
  unless you are some bumfuck island that nobody gives a shit about , you have to play politics . 
  and even then someone might come knocking to build an airbase and a dockyard . 
  roman `` recruitment '' was literal slavery . 
  well i guess however many georgians should just kill themselves , if you say they do n't matter . 
  in turkish as well . 
  [ we are used to working together ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_janszoon ), 
  get away from hatay reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  that 's already netherlands . 
  i have to say , stolpersteine is an amazing project . 
  randomly coming across one is very emotional . 
  i think this is a semantics issue . 
  [ an ethnic group or ethnicity is a category of people who identify with each other based on similarities , such as ** common ancestral , language , social , cultural or national experiences ** . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_group ) i think you are confusing ethnicity and genetics . 
  i would say eta was ethnic based and spain has no shortage of other separatist violence . 
  it does n't stop being ethnic violance when people who get hurt are n't black . 
  current seperatism issues and ethnic violance in the past and if i am not wrong the civil war had an ethnic part too . 
  i know it 's on a completely different scale in the balkans but you guys are n't doing well with it now are you ? 
  this comment chain sounds like gorillaz lyrics . 
  [ are you aware of the danger ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2n22wtiygde ) life is full of surprises . 
  saint nicolas , who is the basis for santa lived in present day antalya , which is in southern turkey . 
  this is ofcourse back in the day when anatolia was christian . 
  i was trying to tease some people . 
  what are the no-go zones ? 
  also , how does it feel to know that santa is from a muslim country ? 
  i thought you just went with ouzo . 
  while ouzo is pretty similar to rak\u0131 ( i think it 's a bit sweeter ) seems quite different . 
  is it same as the turkish one ? 
  it 's gavuristan thank you very much . 
  please give me a list of the mind-altering drugs i need to take to think how church burning is anti-catholic while synagogue burning is anti-israel . 
  you really do n't , the skin below the part they cut off is still flexible enough to do the job . 
  also to the downvoters , do you think i am lying or something ? 
  you do n't need to jack off when you are circumcised . 
  edit : shit i meant to say you do n't need lube , now i understand the downvotes, 
  pictures were a no no for some islamists in the past ( and still are ) so they just used plain colour flags or flags with calligraphy . 
  your flag looks pretty good , it would lose character without the cross . 
  i am currently watching that 70 's show with german dubs with subtitles . 
  while it 's not the best option netflix offers dubs with many languages . 
  if they are not available to your client by default , you can change interface language in the options menu and dub options will appear . 
  i know about the flags use in anarchist circles but it 's still amusing to see it being used by such different movements . 
  he literally says `` he punished them , even though they exaggerate it . '', 
  `` holocaust did not happen but i wish it was more successful . 
  and presumably only 3 seats . 
  your flair is quite funny to me because in / r/syriancivilwar the black flag is used by islamists . 
  i would love to have something like that . 
  algeria counts as africa . 
  he is n't a brexit expert , he is a trade expert . 
  while i do n't know the guy humanity has been trading for more that 6 thousand years and he probably has some experience . 
  it does n't snow in netherlands ? 
  i wonder if people recognize that model on the street . 
  cyprus is in the eu because basically greece forced everyone else to accept them . 
  i know there are some jungle germans in brazil , but are there any sand germans ? 
  we generally think of turkey as [ seven ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c8/turkey_regions_map-en.svg ) regions . 
  while you are technically ( the best kind of ) correct that it 's in the east , batman is a southeastern province . 
  average low of -14.9 for erzurum in january with record cold of -40 . 
  eastern turkey is all mountains which get very cold . 
  i do recognize the ordering of the risks you provided with the exception of the lighting risk . 
  the problem is that you can not avoid the first three risks while participating in society . 
  i avoided the terror attack risk by staying in my , less risky city and istanbul did get attacked during new years . 
  now , i most likely would not go to reina myself but it seems to me that i was correct with my risk assessment . 
  when you get on the road , board a plane or travel anywhere , you accept the risks of an accident . 
  when you eat a piece of cake , you accept the risks of heart disease . 
  i do realize the numbers but i am not willing to take the risk of retards with bombs . 
  that world give legitimacy to an illegitimate referendum . 
  you did not assimilate the previous ones , including my people , which you should have . 
  not combatting the source of these attacks . 
  you need to assimilate new comers , enforce secularism with vigilance . 
  i feel very unsafe . 
  any big crowd feels like a threat right now . 
  i try to avoid public transport during rush hour and part of the reason that i did not travel to \u0130stanbul for new years was fear of an attack . 
  while i hope otherwise , if current trends continue , i feel like more and more germans will start feeling like this . 
  it 's not sudden , and you ca n't really notice it . 
  it is the uneasiness in the back of your mind . 
  while the guy saying `` berlin is in shock '' is wrong and exaggerating , terrorism does effect people . 
  you start thinking `` maybe i should avoid that crowd '' or `` maybe i do n't need to go there '' . 
  you are slowly losing the security you had . 
  it is not drastic , it is not shocking but it is happening . 
  there used to be no roadblocks to prevent trucks from mowing down people , but now there are . 
  take it from someone who ( most likely ) has been affected by terrorism more that you have . 
  cherish what you have and do n't just act like nothing is happening . 
  as a turk who lives in a yellow area ; go fuck yourself . 
  well , i guess you do n't see many nazis in turkey . 
  i think he means frankonia is like scotland when it comes to bavaria 's economy . 
  do people use 14/88 in seriously ? 
  only place i 've ever seen it is people meming in krautchan . 
  can be % 12.7 mad . 
  vw is a private company , if that is the number they see fit , they will pay it themselves , if that number is too much , that is their problem since they have to pay . 
  i would encourage people to pay attention to what is being done with their taxes . 
  [ here , meet melih g\u00f6k\u00e7ek ] ( https://youtu.be/g2cjf--4vto?t=2m3s ),
