  what is there in london that is not present in frankfurt ? 
  genuine question . 
  50 hour weeks . 
  give me the fucking noose . 
  for everyone designing a robot , there are thousands being replaced by it . 
  somebody closed a trunk too hard . 
  neither is antalya, 
  there are 81 cities . 
  every province on the map is a city . 
  i probably ca n't name more than 40 . 
  smart ones go to america . 
  the problem is him getting the presidential system before the end of his term . 
  then i do n't think how he could ever leave . 
  i think you made a typo at ` best kebab ' . 
  we might convert them to mosques , do n't worry . 
  why would it be illegal , because of the tit ? 
  fyi borat was a kazakh turk , not a balkan slav . 
  it 's a shame germ 's and frogs are better at pastries . 
  i do n't mean just take what they have right now . 
  however ksa is n't known for its sensibility . 
  the links between bin laden and some random saudi prices would n't fly if they did not have the importance they currently have . 
  other governments can just nationalize or just take over their assets after they do something particularly stupid and have no power to enforce their will . 
  how much nazi gold is there in swiss vaults again ? 
  it was certainly better than the wahhabites that the west currently supports . 
  funfact : in the empire , before being executed for being too radical , wahabites were forced to listen to music , which they thought to be sinful . 
  2019 is turkey no doubt . 
  this subreddit will have a constant shitstorm when the election season comes, 
  no for the same reason . 
  despite hdp being a leftist party , south east is the most conservative region in turkey . 
  hdp gets elected because of kurdish nationalism , despite their leftism ( which comes from being the political arm of an ex-commie terrorist group ), 
  a tourist should never go to anywhere hdp has won . 
  the fucking guy with the sar\u0131k disgusts me . 
  does n't german history go farher than 70 years ? 
  of course not . 
  however discrimination in ottoman empire was generally religion based . 
  there was no notion of superiority of a race ( and therefor their enslavebelness . ), 
  i have n't made any specific research about this but this is the conclusion that i came to from my previous readings of ottoman history . 
  white slavery was banned because of european pressure . 
  there was no strong african country to pressure the ottomans, 
  it 's actually pretty practical . 
  it depends on if it is a survey or another method . 
  the data that comes from the citizenship document that all turkish people have is inaccurate . 
  turkish one is inaccurate since your religon gets assigned automatically as your parents ' one on your birth and nobody bothers to change it . 
  they even made a deal with the biggest ice-cream company here . 
  they are made a new ice-cream . 
  do n't know how successful they are here though . 
  oreo 's started appearing in turkish markets around last year . 
  it 's ok i guess . 
  negroes are better . 
  [ we stand with you ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-jznnte_dru4/tdbauurop-i/aaaaaaaad1y/jbcr6fzgy38/s1600/fft22_mf721257.jpeg ), 
  there is nothing wrong with his statement . 
  seljucks and mamluks who ruled those lands previously were turkish as well . 
  we all get our turn mate . 
  the vienna anniversary thread was very fun for me . 
  vodka diluted by cheap beer ? 
  i am coming with the erasmus programme for a semester and i hope to transfer to a school there to pursue a masters program . 
  i am currently studying computer engineering . 
  i will go to either germany or netherlands with the erasmus program this year and see if i can continue my education there . 
  for where , i do n't really know . 
  i 've been told that the universities in germany do n't really differ in quality and are generally good and the same for the netherlands . 
  a semi-related note ; is a foreign student entitled to any aid from the state ? 
  whatsapp groups . 
  okay please explain to me how in the fuck is this our fault . 
  coming into this thread i expected a few remove kebabs and some balkan banter . 
  i do n't even mind the roach jokes . 
  but holy shit people are acting like this happened in their lifetime . 
  thanks mate , you just had to tell me , i 'm making the calls now , they 'll all be back by the end of the week . 
  holy shit , remove kebab memes are sometimes funny and all but what the fuck is going on in this thread ? 
  it 's like charlie-carlos-charles-karl with european names . 
  all the same, 
  they literally used goverment vehicles to transport pkk weapons before . 
  i am not sure , since we are getting real deep into alternate history here but , an ottoman empire going through wwi with minor loses ( lul `` te\u011fet ge\u00e7ti '' ) / siding with the allies ( which they wanted anyways . ), 
  would end up similar to japan in wwii , after that the alternate histoy goes off the rails . 
  you are implying that if merkel was in erdo\u011fan 's position , she would do something different which is simply false . 
  they are all making lemonade with the lemons they have been given . 
  if you are n't happy with your leaders i would point you to a voting booth . 
  before the ottoman times , there were seljucks who got the byzantines to their low times . 
  at least our economy does n't come to the point of collapsing everytime oil prices go down . 
  what 's right or a favor does n't matter . 
  this is realpolitik . 
  they were n't allowed to do something , now they are allowed to do that . 
  i am wondering what turkey got in exchange for that . 
  especially with people in this thread talking about how germany got screwed . 
  i do n't think the byzantines were very successful against turks . 
  we probably would have been similar to current day russia with a strongman at the top , exporting shitton of oil , try to push neighbors around and avoid doing anything worthwhile . 
  what has turkey gained though ? 
  germany gets to visit their soldiers , what do we gain ? 
  the article does n't mention why . 
  i wonder what was negotiated . 
  is there a reason for this post to be down voted or does the flair just trigger people ? 
  in turkey you learn about the old turkic empires , ancient anatolian people , ottoman history and establishment of the republic . 
  a long time is spent on the last period . 
  would n't a british volunteer in isis be a terrorist ? 
  nobody is bombing civilian areas . 
  unlike the domestic conflict there are clear military targets right now . 
  [ and people are already moving back to jarablus . 
  ] ( http://syriadirect.org/news/going-home-journalist-returns-to-jarablus-after-3-years-in-turkey/ ), 
  does the reason for turkey entering northern syria matter in this context ? 
  with turkish control in the region a safe zone can be created . 
  i am sorry i do n't get it ?
