  i am guessing you did n't read cumhuriyet back then and are not reading sabah right now . 
  because your media portrays him as such . 
  here some media portrays him as the strong leader , some as a corrupted crook . 
  for you , your media portrays him in the way you described . 
  almost every man has military training in turkey thanks to conscription, 
  wait until his second term limit is close . 
  maybe he will notice how inefficient your constitution is and prepare a referendum . 
  how in the hell is what i said victim blaming . 
  throwing around buzzwords do n't automatically win you the argument . 
  your problem is that you have entrenched yourself so far into your own position that nothing else can be correct . 
  by being unreasonable you are pushing reasonable people away . 
  that 's more got to do with the american war of drugs not being pushed to rest of the world yet . 
  that just pushes the problem down . 
  how is orban blocking migrants different then forcing them to stay in greece . 
  as long as it is sufficiently easy to get to `` rich eu '' and stay there ( legal or illegal ) it will be the same . 
  as long as you do n't deport people who deserve to be deported it will be the same . 
  you are the reason why the people you hate are getting stronger . 
  assuming moral superiority by default and riding on your high horse is what pushes centrists to vote right, 
  it seems that they are opening a hotline . 
  is n't this thread a real life example ? 
  that cross really expressed your feelings , eh ? 
  romans never conquered past the sahara . 
  the guy is clearly sub saharan african . 
  mena people do n't look like this . 
  the guy could be nubian but that 's pretty reaching . 
  i do n't know how you got that from  goes both ways does n't it ? 
  you can just google the video titiles . 
  goes both ways does n't it ? 
  [ iron age blacksmith in britain ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xptrqdp.png ) [ celtic britain ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wshbj36.png ) [ a typical family roman britain ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tg25juj.jpg ) [ norman priest in britain . 
  does baroque have a related meaning in greek ? 
  wow you showed him buddy , you are so badass . 
  could you please explain in english ? 
  do you have flags saved alphabetically ? 
  neither do i , i just feel like the context should be mentioned . 
  his name is literally `` godless '', 
  nobody has to like it as long as it 's tolerated . 
  you make a stash so it can melt away to inflation ? 
  do you actually believe this stuff you write ? 
  why are americans so bad at coat of arms ? 
  you seemed very `` anti-bitching and complaining '' in this thread though . 
  also i never took you to be type that would appreciate free market capitalism . 
  but i 've seen them in old american tv , when people did n't give a single shit about the environment . 
  they seem worse in every single way to plastic , there must be a point . 
  i can not accept this much randomness . 
  i mean maybe they did the calculations and it is actually more environmentally friendly because people are more conscious of their bag usage and bin bags are more efficient . 
  but personally as someone who ( during my short stay in germany ) only bought plastic bags to use as bin bags and used cloth bags for shopping , it 's pretty annoying . 
  also i really want someone to explain to me the point of paparbags . 
  we do n't use them in turkey and they seem totally pointless . 
  they are weaker , harder to handle and generally seem less useful . 
  honestly , what 's the point ? 
  people still need trash bags and as far as i know buying them at the counter , using them to carry your stuff at home and putting your trash in it does n't make it less environmentally friendly then buying a 50 pack of garbage bags . 
  ( if i 'm wrong about this , please let me know ) i fully support them no longer giving if for free though . 
  i also do n't know what the point of paper bags are , and they seem unnecessary as well . 
  bitching and complaining is also a part of the free market . 
  bahlsen was neither forced by legislation nor suddenly grew a conscience . 
  they were forced by the market to decrease their margins to provide a better service . 
  are there tons of abandoned houses around ? 
  are n't small towns kinda depressing ? 
  how do you earn a good amount of money in a place like that ? 
  sorry if i 'm being too nosy . 
  if you think you can find a different source with drastically different numbers , feel free . 
  it was the first link on google , you might disagree with their political leaning but they do n't tendd to lie about numbers, 
  there is a video of some retard saying : `` gas price hikes do n't affect me , i always buy 50tl worth '' https://youtu.be/udbsanyysje, 
  [ according to the telegraph , 760 fighters traveled to the islamic state from germany ( not including non-fighters ) ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/03/29/iraq-and-syria-how-many-foreign-fighters-are-fighting-for-isil/ ) . 
  what makes this retard more newsworthy than all the others ? 
  i kinda do n't like all the attention this story is getting . 
  thousands of idiots have traveled to the islamic state , what difference does one more idiot make ? 
  seems pointless . 
  i 've personally seen syrians applying for visas when i was applying for my own student visa . 
  maybe they went through a different procedure though , i do n't know . 
  your parents fought for the peace after war . 
  nobody fights for eternal conflict . 
  i 'm not sure what you are having trouble with . 
  people do n't tend to enjoy being looted or murdered . 
  murdered < living oppressed < living with freedoms living oppressed is strictly `` better '' than being murdered which are strictly `` worse '' than living with freedoms . 
  if freedom is n't an option what he 's saying is perfectly valid . 
  at the consulate of a eu country . 
  if your country has none , in a country where there is one . 
  [ european political strategy centre ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/epsc/publications/strategic-notes/irregular-migration-central-mediterranean_en ) good enough for you ? 
  he is implying that you said `` there 's no one coming anymore '' . 
   this is false . 
  ngos do not enter libyan territorial waters . 
  this is just another piece of misinformation . 
  [ hmmm ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/epsc/sites/epsc/files/28476.png ) soon enough they 'll just pick them up from the shore . 
  there were turks on cyprus before there were countries in the new world . 
   russia has its own problems with turkey and ** actually lays claim to constantinopolis ** lol, 
  germany does n't persecute for less than 5 grams of cannabis ( some states even more ) and similar for other drugs . 
  pretty liberal compared to others . 
  it 's actually mostly the kurds in iraq ( and maybe syria ) . 
  turkish and iranian kurds do n't really practice it . 
   you guys triggered . 
  honestly it 's because tourists ca n't really handle the real thing . 
  why comment on things you know nothing about ? 
  daily sabah is n't for internal consumption . 
  nobody knows of it 's existence . 
  and just checking sabah.com.tr and another news site , this news is nowhere . 
  probably because it means more religious people . 
  they do n't have to worry since european ngo 's or navies just pick them up from the coast . 
  that was such a good article , thanks for sharing . 
  what facts ?
