was chirac hated ? 
  uhm is he not anymore ? 
  ukip got facefucked in uk elections and i do n't think him being in the ep is hugely important beside generating quality youtube content . 
  edit : oh wait you mean brexit i guess lol . 
  i did n't band it together because brexit was n't an election . 
  the parallel is there of course but it flew past my head . 
  if it was to happen , it would 've been the same as in poland and the us : le pen 's opponents being mediocre candidates with a bad campaign because `` meh , nobody 's gon na vote for that nutjob , easy win '' . 
  france is the next big `` referendum '' on united vs nationalist europe . 
  let 's see if le pen will have a worthy opponent in 2017 . 
  only if mexico pays for it ^ i 'm ^ sorry, 
  average ~ 3000z\u0142 median 2100 z\u0142 . 
  should i evacuate already or do i still have a few days ? 
   that 's the cause of their electricity prices i sincerely question your expertise in the field after this remark . 
  low electricity prices correlate with coal/nuclear saturation , most definitely not with ` moving away from coal earlier ' . 
  sweden is the major exception , but you need favorable conditions for hydroelectric / offshore wind farms . 
  poland relies on coal because it 's both cheap to build and , with jumbo units like we start having now , cheap/efficient to operate . 
  european emission standards cut into economic viability a bit but that 's an artificial cost cutting into coal vs renewable analysis . 
  poland currently builds 3 separate ~ 1gw units and some smaller ones . 
  how many solar panels , how many wind turbines do you need to provide 1 gw of power ** constantly ** ? 
  ~ 50 % of our capacity are old , small units . 
  its both cheaper and easier to replace such a high capacity (  10gw to be decomissioned within 15 years ) with large thermal units than with dispersed ` green ' plants . 
  our grid is ancient too , but i 've no idea if dispersed plants or centralised plants with large capacities are better from a grid-building standpoint . 
   as for the electricity price , so what ? 
  thats a major point when planning country-wide power generation strategy , moreso than domestic hippie population happiness . 
  germany is an example which i would not want for poland to follow . 
  price of electricity for households in germany is nearly 2x of that in poland ( or france for that matter , where nuclear is the major source of power ) . 
  ~ 0.3 eur / 1kwh for germany , 0.14 eur for poland , ~ 0.17 for france - 2015 data . 
  sweden is peculiar with price above poland/france levels , but still below 0.2 eur/1kwh so way , way below germany . 
  are swedens ' condition ( wind/solar/whatever ? ), 
  so much better than germany ? 
  did germany fuck up it 's road to green ? 
  is electricity price in germany inflated by taxes which go towards / something / , out of proportion compared to rest of eu ? 
  anyone has a source as to why electricity is so ridiculously expensive in germany ? 
  and writing . 
  poland does n't treat us like it needs us , 
   he 's right to be distrustful * glances at the flair * oh maybe he knows something , this is gon na be interesting  it is a well known fact that the spiegel takes its directives * ok , nice *  from the president of san escobar . 
  son of a. . . 
  dolan is from bolan . 
  i 've only had positive interactions with the various czech contractors while german ( * anecdotal , personal and power-industry specific experience * ) companies are 100 % `` my way or the highway '' fuck siemens specifically . 
  significant industry for your size . 
  also anedcotdal data , but i believe no current construction / renovation work in polish power plants is done without at least a single czech contractor . 
  turbine/generator here , emerson.cz automation system there , some construction work etc. 
  i do n't know if poland is just your special friend but that would at least lead me to suppose czech businesses do ok with contracting foreign work . 
  not sure if i should laugh at all the countries in the red or at myself since i can only recognise turkey from amongst 'em without googling a map . 
  marine or marion cause that changes my feelings about this considerably ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ? 
  edit : ah it 's marine , she 's on the pic derp derp . 
  call of the horny alarm . 
  yeah but i mean real beaters like things no longer produced . 
  how do you compare a 2001 hyundai accent to a `` new '' hyundai accent ? 
  how do you price a 2017 hyundai accent ? 
  thank you for your input , your commentary is sufficient insight . 
  above commentary works for poland too fyi . 
  if ` the same treatment ' is slapping a 100 % value tax it does n't faze me when 20 yo cars cost like 500 eur . 
  or is there some arbitrary measure to make it really expensive in stead of doubling or tripling `` nothing '' ? 
  2x nothing is still nothing even for my polish wallet . 
  are there measures against buying beaters though ? 
  my current car had cost me < 1keur . 
  i 'd buy it for 2 or 3k eur anyway if the alternative was bike or new cars in the range of 70k . 
  construction is temporary as in you ca n't expect to spend 20 years at the same company , but construction of even the smallest building or road still takes months . 
  and i assume it pays better than retail . 
  that 's way better than the 130 contracts per year bullshit quoted . 
  is n't construction way better paid [ than the other 3 ] and not prone to shit like only being scheduled 15 hrs / week ? 
  also increase in construction employment is usually a good sign for the state of a country 's economy . 
  we 'd fight you filthy pacifists over k\u00f6nigsberg any day now . 
  i know a place that sells unmarked green uniforms by the dozen ... 
  man i 'm on board if we get to annex kaliningrad . 
  so i guess if marion is mp at 26 she took the lesson and went straight to politics ? 
  you know what 's the biggest problem with partitions ? 
  that we got our shitty ass country back . 
  i 'd much rather be part of germany ... 
   well , it turned out the kid was a bulgarian gypcy , who got sold to the greek clan ... 
  so trafficking not kidnapping , got it . 
  thety were still right to go apeshit though . 
  a dollar in my pocket will always under any circumstance benefit me more than a dollar in communal coffers . 
  not paying taxes is always in the best interest of the nonpaying individual . 
  convincing everyone else to pay up is also in the very best interest of the nonpaying individual . 
  but paying taxes yourself does n't ever seem like a reasonable bargain . 
  edit : my favorite real life example - poland has ` social security taxes ' explicitly dividied into a few categories , one being ` healthcare tax ' . 
  it 's benefit is binary : if you pay the healthcare tax from at leat a minimal salary , youi get coverage . 
  anything above that gets wasted on an individual basis . 
  paying the minimum amount gets you access to state care , and excess money to go to private healtchare if need be . 
  this even defeats the situation where ` if the state healthcare is udnerfunded you suffer too ' - no , because there 's a parallel private healthcare funded by my excess cash when i need it , and not drainign my fudns when i do n't need it ( like classic health insurance does . 
  pay if you need , pay if you do n't ) . 
  paying more than minimum is always strictly against the best interest of an individual , thus ` dodging ' this particular tax is a winning strategy . 
  well i sure as hell did n't think of exchanging whole drums as clips , that 's nifty . 
  how long can you store a loaded drum ? 
  i remember hickock45 stating he 'd advise shooting and realoding the drum monthly . 
  i believe the best what you can get is a colt navy . 
  reloading requires manually thrusting separate ball and shot but you can store 6 shots ( for how long at a time though ? ), 
  as it 's a revolver . 
  labour law is pretty much in line with rest of europe , when enforced . 
  problem stems from a high number of people outside the regulated system of salaried employment . 
  edit : also public transport in major cities is pretty good . 
  it ai n't prague but navigating wroc\u0142aw f.ex . 
  is rather pleasurable and comfortable . 
  definitely not the ` only ' . 
  access to hard currency , while limited , was nowhere near `` unattainable '' . 
  shit my family still has some dollars made back in the 80 's . 
  actually unemployment only breached 20 % and peaked somewhere around 2002/2003 . 
  highest i see for 1990-1999 is ~ 13 % .
