  you do n't have the tendency of smaller countries towards safety through unity , the sense of ` belonging ' . 
  you 're not a superpower , maybe not even an industrial powerhouse like germany . 
  yet , you used to run an empire . 
  i believe that you still carry that attitude , even subconsciously . 
  i guess it 's north vs. south again then , 
  i watched all of it . 
  every single section ( even the applause when the plane lands ) applies to greece as well . 
  i mean all of them , from start to finish , exactly the same . 
  the parking , the bus , the traffic , the bureaucracy , the politics , the smoking thing , the ( non - ) queuing thing , everything . 
  judging from the comments , the same goes for many other countries as well . 
  i fear that this serious , organized ` europe ' the video refers to is really only germany and the uk . 
  hurrah !, 
  time for golden parachutes for all golden boys !, 
  you 're on a roll today , are n't you ? 
  well , the biggest expense is the rent . 
  i 'm sorry but 215 is unrealistically low , maybe it 's the area that you live . 
  also , as you say we 've come to a point that you * really * need a roommate nowadays . 
   food does n't have to include meat . 
  can it have eggs then ? 
  you have to have some protein , it ca n't be all flour and water . 
  even at 20 cents per egg ( common cheap ones ) , you 're looking at 60 cents for an 3-egg omelette . 
  what about cheese ? 
  at 7 euros per kg ( 70 cents for a piece of 100gr ) , it 's not cheap either . 
  a salad can be expensive , as well ( tomatoes are * very * expensive in greece - why ? ) . 
  i hope that you do realize that when you 're counting your cents to see if you can afford a second tomato for the night 's salad , this is when you know that you are piss poor ...  fried potatoes with salad/pasta with sauce/all kinds of cheap food can be made without a bit of meat . 
  along with bread , that 's the worst kind of food there is . 
  i do n't know about you , but if that 's all i had to eat every day , i 'd gain about 4 kg per month , no upper limit . 
  i have been * very * fat in the past and i can put it all back just by eating fried potatoes . 
  maybe you 're one of the lucky ones that can eat cheap ( and tasty ! ), 
  food and get away with it . 
  i sure ca n't . 
   bread ( enough for a day ) costs 0.60 and that 's the fancy bread . 
  in the foreign shops you should be able to find it for as much as 0.30 . 
  ( no , really ) by ` fancy ' you mean from a normal bakery , right ? 
  we do n't have any foreign shops where i live , although i 'd very much like to try some of that bread . 
   the car - well , that 's not cheap . 
  i was just thinking about the monthly cards that allow you to use whatever public transport you wish , and cost , what , 40  euros per person ? 
  you could as well buy the ones that are only for bus/tram/trol and it will be a total of 40 for both , but no metro , yeah . 
  with a little luck  you can find metro tickets at stations and use them right then , people leave them at the stairs . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i have a card . 
  it 's 45 for all means of transport ( even the subway , just not to the airport ) . 
  look , you 're talking to a guy that has already minimized all of his expenses . 
  my commuting to work includes two full hours of walking * every * day , plus another hour riding the subway . 
  half of my food comes from my parents and this does not make me proud . 
  no money left for cinema or coffee . 
  i froze my ass during the winter , since i could not afford to turn on the apartment 's heaters . 
  however , i 'm one of the lucky ones , because i am comparatively young and i do n't have any children . 
  what about those who are above 45 or have children to raise ? 
  maybe all this is normal to you , but most other people call it ` being very poor ' . 
  best of luck . 
  really ? 
  215 for a nice two room apartment ? 
  amazing !, 
  hey , do n't take my word for it . 
  take a look for yourself : [ search for two bedroom apartments ] ( http://www.xe.gr/property/search?system.item_type=re_residence&amp;transaction.type_channel=117541&amp;item.bedrooms.from=2&amp;item.bedrooms.to=2 ) just 70 for bills ? 
  really ? 
  in the last appartment i was living in i was paying : * electricity : 60 per month * phone/internet : 25 per month * water : 5 per month * common expenses ( koinoxrista ) : 30 during the summer / 120 during the winter ( heating costs ! ), 
  total : 120 during the summer / 210 during the winter . 
  just 120 for food ? 
  this is even more amazing !, 
  this means that you managed to feed yourselves ( and feed them well , as you say ) for about 2 euros per person per day . 
  this is an unbelievably low number . 
  you understand that 1 ( one ) souvlaki costs 2 euros ( in many places more ) already . 
  one spanakopita costs 2 euros . 
  a plain loaf of bread costs 1 euro . 
  a chicken sandwich costs about 2.5 euros . 
  if you are very frugal , never eat out and always cook your own food ( of course , i 'm not advocating ordering food , that 's for rich people ) , you * might * approach 4 euros per day per person ( that 's 240 per month for two persons ) . 
  double your estimate . 
  and that 's not eating well , that 's eating spaghetti with ketchup all the time . 
  keep in mind that 1 ( one ) slightly big raw pork steak will cost about 2 euros right from the butcher , already maxing out your numbers . 
  do your calculations again , maybe you have missed something . 
  100 for transport seems about right , no objections there . 
  do you own a car ? 
  what about the car 's insurance ( 200 per six months , ~ 30 per month ) . 
  what about the car 's tax ( another 10 per month ) . 
  that leaves about 60 for gas . 
  that 's not much gas . 
  i 'm not even going to mention car service , let 's say that it will never need any ( not likely ) . 
  notice that you said that * both * partners must be working in order to be able to afford a car . 
  not very likely these days , one of the two will probably be unemployed . 
  no car for single persons , then . 
  what about the rest ? 
  supermarket for example ( you know , toilet and kitchen paper , toothpaste , * maybe * some deodorant , * maybe * some shaving foam plus the million other common things a household needs , do i need to list them all ? ) . 
  clothing ? 
  any other unforeseen expenses ? 
  i do n't think i overstated my numbers . 
  your quote ( 400 for two people ) is an amazingly low estimate . 
  also , as i replied to another person , keep in mind that it is not very easy for single people over 45 to find a `` roommate '' . 
  well , actually i was being very frugal with those prices . 
  the typical cost would be more like 800 euros per month per person , no frills living . 
  this means no entertainment expenses or anything of the like , just basic living ( i.e. 
  rent , bills , gas , supermarket , some clothes * once * per year maybe ) . 
  also , how old are you ? 
  keep in mind that forty to fifty year old people can not easily ` get a roommate ' . 
  they are not twenty year olds . 
  of course the wife should get a job !, 
  the problem is that she was fired from the last one and she is waiting at the unemployment line , like the rest of us . 
  there are no jobs , remember ? 
  check out the latest unemployment statistics for greece .
