  the hungry and the poor ) , voted for syriza , because they want ` change ' . 
  i am oversimplifying , but i think that this is the overarching theme . 
  yeah , politicians ... they 're always men and women of their word , are n't they ? 
   kke is likely to not cooperate with anyone business as usual for the kke , then . 
  nah , it means ` deep ' . 
  new would be ' \u03bd\u03ad\u03bf ' ( for example neo-liberal = new-liberal ) . 
  the funny thing is that they were ( unofficially ) negatively surprised by the results ... yet again . 
  the kke is honestly , truly surprised each time their percentage falls . 
  keep your ears open in public places . 
  you 'd be amazed of what you 'll overhear ( if you have n't done so already ) . 
  being young does not necessarily mean being right ... let 's hope for the best . 
  on the contrary : it 's the first time in history that the beast ( the two-party dynasty ) was weakened . 
  the first time in history that it does not seem invincible , as it has always done for the last 40 years . 
  people got heart and the sense of futility in voting for something other than the two traditional parties began to subside . 
  it 's like everybody is slowly waking up from their long slumber and start realizing that actual change is feasible ... 
  exit poll results , ages 18 to 50 : syriza 32.8 % new democracy 22.7 % golden dawn 9.2 % independent greeks 8.8 % panhellenic socialist movement 6.9 % edit : as of 5:44 pm gmt , new democracy looks like they will be the winning party ( and thus receive the fifty seat bonus ) , by a very small margin . 
  a bicycle can be a solution and indeed , many have gone for this option . 
  cars are being retired left and right . 
  in my opinion , athens is too dangerous for a bicycle ( there are no bike lanes ) and unfortunately relocation is not an option for me . 
  i 'm afraid it 's walking , at least for the time being . 
  at least it 's always sunny here in the summer . 
   that might shave off a few billion , but when the public debt is 160 % , how much do you think you 're looking at ? 
  what would that honestly change right now ? 
  the debt would still likely be unsustainable . 
  are you saying no austerity ? 
  at all ? 
  i do n't think it will be just a few billion . 
  regardless , that 's not the point . 
  it will restore a sense of justice and transparency that does not exist today . 
  as for austerity vs. development , this whole debate has been a war of words , propaganda and strawman arguments . 
  what does austerity mean ? 
  like the vast majority of greeks , i am in favor of destroying corruption , abolishing bureaucracy and waste , maintaining a primary budget surplus and in general reforming our government and our society to meet the standards of a modern european country . 
  does this mean that our hospitals must close down , our public schools deserted , our national health system stop functioning ? 
  this is not speculation , this is today 's reality in greece . 
  perhaps you could undestand if you lived here . 
   can greece be trusted to reform , though ? 
  eu leaders have admitted that the austerity was too much and that there is some wiggle room , particularly with the time , but greece had years to enact structural reforms and did nothing . 
  why is it different this time ? 
  can it ? 
  in my opinion , not while the same corrupt , bought-and-paid-for politicians are in power or the all-powerful corrupt worker 's guilds keep blocking everything . 
  it will never happen . 
  that 's what europe does n't get when they are urging greeks to vote for the same-old , same-old establishment ( new democracy and pasok ) . 
  are you effing kidding me ? 
  maybe a new generation , both of politicians and of citizens can pull this off . 
  maybe syriza can do it . 
  i have my doubts . 
    i 'm confused ; what exactly do you think the eu should do ? 
  what 's their obligation , and what 's greece 's ( if any ) ? 
  thanks for actually asking . 
  * full and complete analysis by an independent committee of what greece owes , to whom and why . 
  the study should cover all loans taken by the greek state from 1974 to the present day . 
  complete breakdown of the total debt ; how much is capital , how much is interest . 
  full disclosure of how all this money has been used ( very important ) , as well as who authorized these loans and under what conditions ( very important ) . 
  separate legal debt that will be paid back in full from odious , illegal debt that will not be recognized and will serve to start judicial procedures against the perpetrators ( i.e. 
  greek officials as far as greece is concerned ) . 
  this is a demand raised by many . 
  * extension of the time allocated to repay the public debt , at a low rate , with no new borrowing in conjunction with a development plan for the economy . 
  structural and governmental reforms should also happen during this time . 
  here are the details : my daily commute to work is 2 x 17km = 34km . 
  if i do n't take my car , i 'm looking at three hours total , two hours walking plus one hour riding the subway . 
  every day . 
  alternatively , i can take two buses ( plus another two going back ) instead of walking , but this wo n't reduce total travelling time . 
  it will simply spare me the walking . 
  if i * do * take my car , the total commute time will be one hour but the cost will be 150 euros per month ( just for the gas alone ) . 
  that 's money that i currently do not have . 
   the most infuriating thing i 've seen in a while were the greek protesters who compared merkel to hitler and the fucking bailout of their country to a second invasion . 
  two points : 1 . 
  nobody ( sane ) really thinks that germans are nazis or that merkel should be compared to hitler . 
  all of you guys keep using that word , ` bailout ' . 
  nobody calls it ' a bailout ' in greece . 
  it 's a loan . 
  nobody is being ` bailed out ' of anything , apart from foreign ( and greek ) bankers . 
  the way * all * greeks see this ` bailout ' is that foreign people send their precious money to ( mostly ) foreign or greek rich investors so that they wo n't lose their profits , while placing an extremely heavy load on our backs and our children 's backs ( repayment ) . 
  very little ( much less than 10 % ) of this money goes for public sector salaries or expenses , in case you are wondering . 
  please , do away with the notion that you are ` saving ' somebody else other than bankers and you will be in a much better position to understand the average greek 's reaction to the whole situation . 
   talk about biting the hand that feeds you . 
  funny thing , my friend . 
  i do n't have enough money to put gas in my car or even feed myself properly . 
  has anyone been offering to feed me 'cause i must have missed it ... my friend . 
  tl ; dr : think for your self and do n't swallow the propaganda . 
  it 's not greeks vs germans or south vs north , it 's poor people vs. rich people . 
  as it has always been ... 
   if you do not have privacy even if you think you 're free now since you live in a democracy with the rule of law , you are no longer free because at any moment you can get an extremist governing you that will use this collected data to retroactively punish you . 
  it 's worse than that . 
  i do n't agree that we need to worry only in the case that an extremist comes to power . 
  the law is far from infallible and what is legal is not necessarily just . 
  furthermore , the law can always be interpreted in various ways and you can bet that the state 's interpretation is what counts , no matter how arbitrary . 
  even further , the law can always be sidestepped by otherwise ` democratic ' governments when it is convenient to do so ( see for example ` extraordinary rendition ' in the us ) . 
  combine all this with the fact that there is no practical limit to the amount of violence ( physical or otherwise ) that a modern state can bring down upon the individual and that the individual has little or no recourse . 
  this will only make it easier to abuse this power , even under ` democratic ' conditions . 
  exactly . 
  the same goes for greece . 
  official government figures are always cooked-up to present things in a favorable ( for the government ) light , anyway . 
  the real number is estimated to be closer to 30 % . 
  official unemployment does not include self-employed people , like free-lancers , store owners , family businesses that have shut down , etc. 
  the real number is estimated to be closer to 30 % (  50 % for people 25 years old or younger ) . 
  for the upvoters : official unemployment * does not include self-employed people * , like free-lancers , store owners , family businesses that have shut down , etc. 
  this number , like all numbers coming from the government has been traditionally cooked up so that it will present things in the most favorable ( for the government ) light . 
  as such , it is much lower than the actual figure , which is estimated to be closer to 30 % . 
   vote syriza anyway because their heart is in the right place ?
