  nobody 's talking about raising children , of course . 
  finally , yes i know that conditions have always been harsh in eastern europe . 
  does this make it alright then ? 
  wait , north korea ? 
  really ? 
  do you understand the meaning of ` cost of living ' ? . 
  rent is 300 euros , bills 100 euros , food another 200 euros per month . 
  that 's what they cost . 
  you are only making 500 . 
  you are short 100 each month . 
  you ca n't buy gas for your car , you ca n't go out for coffee , you ca n't watch a movie , you can not repair your car , you ca n't buy clothes , you can barely buy food and you 're still short 100 euros per month . 
  you are living under the poverty line , even though a man in africa would be rich with 500 euros . 
  why is this so hard to understand ? 
  you live in greece ? 
  i live in greece too . 
  maybe we live in different greeces . 
  please try to understand something . 
  the fact that you or your friends are paying for yoga lessons while contemplating the meaning of life does not mean that me or my friends can afford to do that too . 
  maybe your friends are in the * other * 32 % . 
  you can find people like that in athens in the rich northern suburbs , like kiffisia or ekali . 
  you can also find people like that in the rural areas ( rich farmer families ) who have made a lot of money during the previous decades . 
  not everybody is poor . 
  however , many people really * are * living below the poverty line , especially in the big cities . 
  i know many , many people who do n't know how they will pay rent next month ( in fact they already owe several months of rent ) , or ca n't afford to pay the electricity bill . 
  i know of families that the both the father and the mother are now one or two years without a job , while frantically looking for one . 
  this is the poverty line . 
   people are just lazy and do n't want to get any shit done , so they do n't get a job . 
  they just go and practice yoga or something . 
  wow . 
  well , yes . 
  he readily admits that economists are not much better than astrologers in what they do , he always makes self-deprecating remarks and he has many times deferred to the opinions of his co-speakers . 
  just to get some kind of perspective , have you heard miranda xafa ( for example ) speak ? 
  i was listening to a greek radio station while walking the other day and he was speaking as a guest . 
  this is quite usual these days , what with greece having slight difficulties with its economy and all . 
  imagine my surprise when trying to answer a ( political ) question from the host , he started talking about valve and what he is doing there . 
  it was as if two different worlds were colliding !, 
  it was very funny listening to him trying to explain simulated economies to a quite different audience  . 
  i have the utmost respect for the guy . 
  he is very smooth , humble and quite knowledgeable on his subject . 
  ca n't wait for the 186th !, 
  wait for this : i hate tzatziki , too . 
  well , i love sausages , frankfurters in particular !, 
  one of my dreams is to come to germany for oktoberfest and come back at least 10kg heavier . 
  i 'm greek and i hate feta . 
  i always felt like ... like . . 
  i do n't belong . 
  edit : i just remembered . 
  i hate tzatziki , too !, 
  that would have been a concussion , for sure . 
  on the other hand , kassidiaris immediately started smoking on the spot where rizospastis touched him ( +4 damage when attacking a fascist creature ) , so there 's that . 
  in case you have n't heard all of the jokes , here 's a nice [ collection ] ( http://olympios1.blogspot.gr/2012/06/blog-post_4966.html ) . 
   oh , i really doubt it . 
  my gym is very posh hairtoss oh , forgive me , m ` lady !, 
  did n't mean to imply that your gym was one of those wretched places where people partake in such vulgar activities such as < shudder  ... actual exercise . 
  * left bicep curl *  ( which is why it is now my ex-gym . 
  after 3 years ca n't afford it anymore , thanks austerity ! ), 
  the cheapest i 've seen is 100 euro for one year , but ` posh ' is certainly not the word somebody would use to describe * that * gym . 
  on a more serious tone , this is greece !, 
  the weather is fair , the sun is shinning even late in the evening and there are so many places one can go running or walking . 
  until the government decides to tax those , too . 
  wait , we feel only * slightly * more european than the british ? 
  that ca n't be right !, 
  i already feel rich !, 
   stood up and hit him with her party 's newspaper i bet any other newspaper would have been fine . 
  not rizospastis !, 
   i have so much respect for stavros theodorakis . 
  also some impure thoughts about him but should n't get into that ... 
  i always watch protagonistes when i 'm at home and it 's on . 
  no impure thoughts though . 
   yeah ... 
  i get what you mean . 
  they are everywhere around us , it 's not like aliens came from the dark side of the moon to vote golden dawn . 
  their voters are literally the people next door . 
  :( also , it just occurred to me : it 'd be funny if it turned out we were talking about the same gym  . 
   the syriza vs golden dawn dilemma was n't that unusual , i heard also a young guy voicing it in stavros theodorakis ' protagonistes profiling the golden dawn i like theodorakis ' work very much . 
  his pauses are legendary ... 
  i do n't know if he does it on purpose , but they create a void of silence , an emptiness that the interviewee feels the urgent need to fill by saying even more than he intended to . 
   nestoras ... you are making me wonder whether your gym is for \u03c6\u03bf\u03c5\u03c3\u03ba\u03c9\u03c4\u03bf\u03cd\u03c2 ... :p no , it 's just a run-of-the-mill friendly neighborhood gym . 
  that 's the scary part gianna_in_hell_as . 
  some of them * are * a bit inflated ( hence the ` regular ' part ) , but most of them are apparently normal people . 
  it 's just that in each other 's company they tend to loosen up and speak what they * really * think ...  watch what you say around anyone with a shaved head . 
  ` oi , bulb-head !, 
  is your father a turk and your mother albanian , 'cause your ugly mug does n't look greek to me . 
  this gym is for greeks only ! ' ... 
  i 've only thought up to this point . 
  i think the next bit might involve some running . 
   hmm ... sucky execution , that was funnier in my head it was n't half bad . 
  mine was suckier ... 
  i was trying to conjure an image of a horseback rider crossing the steppe to deliver the urgent message to the kremlin , but failed miserably . 
  yes . 
  although there 's the view that this only serves to strengthen them in the eyes of those who voted for them . 
  honestly , i do n't know what one can do about the whole mess ... 
  sad ... just sad . 
  unfortunately , golden dawn is here to stay . 
  yeah , send them a messenger on a horse or something ... 
   and then there 's one of the trainers in my gym who really could n't decide between syriza and golden dawn ... talk about split personality ... on the other hand , if it 's just the trainer that 's contemplating voting for golden dawn , you 're lucky . 
  in * my * gym , it 's the trainer plus most of the ... how should i put it ... regular clientele . 
  the way i see it is this : those that were not affected as much by the crisis ( i.e. 
  comparatively richer people ) voted for new democracy , because they are scared and want ` stability ' . 
  those that lost their jobs and a large part or all of their income ( i.e.
