  perhaps because the interests of the individual , here and now , weigh more than those of the many , sometime in the future . 
  why else ? 
  i do not buy into the conspiracy theories . 
  greek citizens : i was born during the 70s , grew up during the 80s and 90s . 
  all i can tell you , is that my country seemed to be doing well , like other civilized countries . 
  people were getting better off , we were a full member of the eu , in good international standing . 
  businesses were opening left and right , people were buying things such as cars , tvs and computers and greece seemed to be participating in world events more and more ( culminating in the organization of the 2004 olympic games ) . 
  sure there was corruption and tax evasion but this was a normal part of life and things seemed to be ok , regardless . 
  nobody thought `` oh boy , how did the bank get all this money that they lend me to buy a car ? 
  how did greece become so rich over a decade or two ? '' . 
  for the average citizen , all this seems to be the natural progression of things . 
  i bet that 's what you think for your country right now . 
  suppose that in ten years you suddenly learn that this prosperity has been fake and that you have been ` over-borrowing ' all this time . 
   ~ ~ fuck you maria and all the millions of people like her . ~ ~ ~ ~ you are too young , too immature or both . ~ ~ edit : just saw that the you regretted the last comment , thus the strike-out . 
  i 'm striking out my comment too , however i still disagree with you that the blame lies on maria and the millions like her . 
  perhaps there are thousands ( upon thousands ) that have profited and exploited others , but maria is part of the hard-working millions , not the crooked thousands . 
  that was the point of the article , really . 
   greece 's total annual deficit is $ 53bn euros . 
  of that , our primary budget deficit is , in fact , under $ 5bn . 
  the other $ 48bn is servicing the debt , including that of the two bail-outs , with one third being purely interest . 
  europe is not bailing out greece . 
  it is bailing out the european banks which increasingly unwisely gave her loans . 
  see [ false dillema ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/false_dilemma ) . 
  third option : implement reforms directed both towards cutting waste as well as encouraging growth , stay in the eurozone . 
  there are many new parties ( i think there were a total of 36 parties for these elections ) , but they all face an uphill , almost impossible battle due to our overcooked ( by the two dynasties ) electoral law . 
  a party will not enter parliament at all if it takes less than 3 % of the vote !, 
  that 's it . 
  no justification at all . 
  i think this law was enacted many years ago to stop the then newly-formed leftist parties from gaining any traction against the right . 
  it remained , because it serves a very important function to our ` rulers ' : a vote for a new , unproven party is considered a ` wasted vote ' since in all probability it will not exceed 3 % the first time . 
  hence , most people do n't vote for these parties and the prophecy is a self-fulfilling one . 
  they do n't get more than 3 % and they do not enter parliament . 
  in order to give you an idea of the damage this law has done in the recent elections ( when people did vote for smaller parties out of pure anger and spite ) , a full 19 % of the vote ( i.e. 
  more than what the first party got ) is not represented in parliament ( i.e. 
  it got ` wasted ' ) . 
  syriza had the advantage of being an older , more established party ( they have always been getting around 5 % ) and thus they were not seen as a wasted vote . 
  there are other reasons as well , e.g. 
  the public money a party is allocated for its advertising budget is directly proportional to its last election results ( new parties do not get any money at all , which is unfair but very convenient for pasok and nd ) . 
  let 's also not forget that pasok and nd ` own ' the largest tv stations and newspapers ( not directly , but in an underhanded sort of way ) . 
  i hope you can see how difficult it is for a new party to gain traction , * which is exactly the opposite of what should be happening * . 
  countvontroll for prime minister !, 
  er , i think you posted this in the wrong thread . 
   i forgot a shared media hey , at least we 've got / r/europe . 
  give it some time !, 
  this obviously did n't work in greece . 
  at all . 
  our politicians are paid in excess of 8000 euros per month , with various perks and allowances . 
  some of the bastards had the audacity to demand the money for simply appearing in the temporary parliament which will be immediately dissolved in a few days ( our politicians are the only ones who are given their salaries in the beginning of the month ) . 
  even under the present circumstances , they wo n't change . 
  just typing it makes my blood boil . 
    ( once in , civil servants can never be fired for some crazy reason )  same here , not sure why that is either . 
  i think that the official justification was to prevent each government from firing the people brought in by the previous one ( mainly its voters ) and replacing them with * their * voters . 
  the fact that this was considered normal and that it took a law to counter it , is telling . 
  of course , it did n't stop the hiring waves , only the firing ones . 
  i do n't know what 's worse , the problem or it 's ` solution ' . 
  it would be interesting to find out what the reason is in germany . 
   well , the way it 's perceived here is exactly the opposite . 
  pasok and nd are coming across as `` reformed '' , or at least as if they understood the situation , because they 're willing to work together and are even campaigning on what people do n't want to hear . 
  neither samaras nor venizelos are any more popular in brussels or berlin as they are in athens . 
  they just seem like the best bet . 
  syriza , on the other hand , is seen as a return to old politics -- they make unrealistic promises and refuse to cooperate with political competitors . 
  similarly , that people vote for them is n't seen as a fresh start , but as rejection of change . 
  that 's very interesting !, 
  you 'll have to keep in mind that pasok and nd are still the same people that have been ruling all of these decades . 
  i mean the same physical persons . 
  they have told so many lies , they have been entangled in so many scandals ( but have always been getting away scot-free somehow ) , that they are viewed as completely corrupt and untrustworthy , no matter what they say . 
  who wants more of the same ? 
  i do n't mean austerity , i mean more of the same lies and corruption . 
  if they seem willing to cooperate with each other , it 's only because they see this as the only way for * their parties * to survive ( not greece ) . 
  venizelos himself has publicly stated ( after the elections ) that pasok is ` rotten to the core after all these years ' . 
  that 's the same party that was being presented as the only ` trustworthy ' political power in greece before the elections . 
  by that token , tsipras is seen by former voters of pasok and nd as a breath of fresh air ( his age and mellow , calm talk helps ) . 
  we 'll have to see . 
  snarky comments aside , did you actually make an attempt to understand the analogy ? 
   and that 's the problem with the austerity vs. keynes question . 
  permitting a larger budget would mean that the real issues would never get addressed , because the political elites would just go back to doing what they always did . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  everybody here wants change ( i do n't mean more money , i mean * change * ) . 
  the problem is not just with the political elites though . 
  an entire generation has been raised with a dream , to ` become a civil servant ' and get set for life ( once in , civil servants can never be fired for some crazy reason ) . 
  what will those people do , if the public sector is shrunk ? 
  it has been made well known that the next step is to fire 150,000 civil servants . 
  on top of greece 's current unemployment rate , that 's a nightmare !, 
   and the prospect of syriza or , even worse , nobody in government does n't exactly fill me with confidence that this is going to improve . 
  syriza is not so bad . 
  they have never governed before and they have been out of the ` corruption loop ' all these years . 
  at least they are ( viewed as ) honest people . 
  maybe a bit populist , but with clean pockets . 
  the worst that can happen ( which is still pretty bad ) is that they screw up due to inexperience and vast underestimation of the problems lying ahead . 
  it 's not an easy thing for a party of 5 % to rule overnight . 
   anyway , that 's my oppinion . 
  greece is european . 
  the first european . 
  we 're all greek . 
  thank you . 
   some of these banks should recapitalize immediately , but where the funds allocated for this purpose have gone remains a mystery . 
   greece and its people are terribly corrupt and awfully good at dodging taxes just a short comment from a greek : * greeks are not ` terribly corrupt ' , especially the younger generations ( < 40 ) . 
  most people just make do in the system they have found themselves into . 
  up to now , the ` way things worked ' was too entrenched for anybody to believe that change can happen . 
  this is not true anymore .
