i ca n't continue with this without entering into an argument , which frankly i think we both do n't have enough time for . 
  very briefly you are saying two things : 1 . 
  ` sweden is more irrational than you guys on taxes - we ca n't buy food and we still pay all of our taxes ' to which my answer is ` great , i believe you . 
  please give us some tips on how to remain alive without buying food and shelter , because you do n't seem to have a problem with that despite what you say ' , and 2 . 
  ` how did you allow corruption to happen all these years ? ', 
  to which i have no answer , really , since it is not a real argument but something that can simply be said by the guy that does not have the problem to the guy that does . 
  i can tell an american ` how do you allow republicans and democrats to lie to your face like that ' , but it means nothing . 
  it just makes me feel better , see ? 
  i think that in greece any income above $ 0 is now taxable . 
  that 's in addition to the tax that you pay if you own a house and the tax if you own a car . 
  keep in mind that many ( ~ 30 % ? ), 
  people in greece are now unemployed with no income whatsoever . 
  if they happen to own a car , they will still be taxed as if they make $ 5000/year . 
  that 's on top of the car tax . 
  if you are unfortunate enough to own a house , that 's another $ 5000/year ( i.e. 
  you will be taxed as if you are making ( $ 10000/year ) . 
  that 's on top of the house tax (  ~ $ 200/year ) . 
  remember that you are making $ 0 ( i.e. 
  you ca n't buy food , let alone give money to the government ) . 
  greek redditors , please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  meanwhile , it was just announced that yacht owners are getting a tax break . 
  i 'm not kidding . 
  no offence , i do n't think you can comprehend the insanity of the tax system in greece . 
  thanks . 
  you know , they are actually discussing raising the price even more . 
  i ca n't possibly describe who bleak things look here . 
  keep fighting the good fight , my friend . 
  athens , 1.40 $ per ticket , 586 $ minimum wage . 
  monthly card available for 45 $ . 
  that sounds like greek politicians to me ... well , except for the good natured and kind part . 
   the global economy is based upon credit expansion -- new debt must be issued to service the interest on old debts . 
  did anyone else blink when reading this sentence ? 
  if true , is n't it obvious what it really means ? 
  also ( third question in a row ) does anybody else hate the phrase ` debt must be issued ' ? 
   this is meant both to project the image of a `` caring '' party to the voting public you know what , the greeks are so disillusioned and disgusted with their ` normal ' politicians that are even now bickering with each other about their petty party politics that unfortunately it is working ... 
  the egg has been hatched and the snake is rising . 
  or perhaps he means that it worked for the monarchs . 
  well , most of them anyway , if you exclude the ending bit . 
  greeks too . 
   i 'm sure the radiation wo n't get to me . 
  strangely appropriate username . 
  it 's not a naive question at all , it 's a very good one that unfortunately has a very complex answer . 
  the short answer is : because in your country it would be an isolated incident which would be quickly and efficiently dealt with . 
  the long answer is : corruption is self-sustaining and self-feeding . 
  the more it permeates the various layers of a society , the less feasible it is to * start * fighting it . 
  injustices are done left and right , one injustice is thought ( by those that are doing it ) to ` correct ' for another and in the end , everybody thinks that this is normal and in any case at least easier than uprooting the whole thing and starting again from scratch . 
  for example , some of the doctors that accept the ` fakelaki ' ( which means ` small envelope ' by the way ) are probably underpaid by the state to begin with . 
  others are not of course ( because they retain private practice offices as well ) and it is simply a matter of greed for them . 
  a very inefficient justice system , a fear of retribution from the corrupted system and a sense of fighting alone probably keeps most people from reporting those and doing what you say . 
  some people do report them . 
  nothing much happens . 
   oh we 'll see our money back , do n't worry about us , worry about greece ;-), 
   another question . 
  why did you do it ? 
  checkmate . 
   because i like my car to function , my flight seat to be on the right plane and my appointment with the doctor to happen while i am still sick what , you mean you did n't fight the establishment in the time of your need ? 
  you are perpetuating the problem !, 
  what are you , a greek ? 
   if you feel that the elite of your country is robbing the working class feel free to vote accordingly during the next election . 
  do you really believe that it just had n't occurred to me or to others to vote accordingly in the recent or any other elections ? 
  do you really want me to re-iterate that the same old people won , the ones that germany deemed ` reliable ' , the ones that have never touched a single ` rich ' interest ? 
  my point is : the poor are footing the bill , just like they always have . 
  your attitude is : ` well , you voted for your government ' ( which is true for most countries on this planet - and yet injustice runs rampant in this world ; ask yourself : why is that ? ), 
  and ` this is not my problem over here in germany ' . 
  i do n't really know what to say to that , i could probably write pages upon pages but it will all be for nothing and i 've got real work to do ( not that i 'm being paid for it ) . 
  let 's just hope that your viewpoint wo n't have to forcibly change in the near future and you find yourself in the same position as most of us . 
   greece is paying the bill for living well beyond its means for decades the poor , i.e. 
  the many ( ` oi polloi ' ) are mostly paying the bill , as it has always been done in the course of human history . 
  they are paying in innumerable ways , from the lowering of their income to the decimation of all the public services that they have been relying on ( the rich can afford private services ) . 
  the rich ( those that did most of the sinning ) are always insulated from these things . 
  they will be the last to pay , if they ever do . 
  their money protects them , again in innumerable ways . 
  money is power and this power will always be used to protect its owner 's interests . 
  the more money , the more insulation . 
  make your own work my friend . 
  start something new . 
  it 's the only way . 
   i take it your employer `` will pay you but times are tough right now , hold on for a while longer and perhaps i can give you 1/2 of january 's salary next week '' ? 
  you know what , not all employers are the same . 
  i 'm an employer and my employees have not missed a single salary out of 14 all these years . 
  we 're not talking basic salaries , either . 
  in contrast , i 'm the one who 's being paid 1/2 of january 's salary next week and i 'm walking all the way to the workplace every day because i do n't have money to put gas in my car . 
  plus , i get to hear my employees discuss where are they going for vacations this year with their hard-earned 14th salary . 
  i 'm not blaming them , either . 
  there are many like me . 
  it 's in the person , not in the station ( employee vs. employer ) . 
  are you me ? 
  because if you are me , stop procrastinating on reddit and get back to work !, 
   syriza is good at the type of populist politics that allows people to see themselves as victims , \u00e0 la `` the big boy did it and ran away '' this is a very condescending view point . 
  you know syriza and their populist politics too well , do n't you . 
   instead of pushing home the point that the country is so royally fucked that it 'll take not years but decades to fix it they said that too . 
  it 's obvious that * your * ` news ' sources did not mention that . 
  here 's the deal in greece : new democracy / pasok are the same old , same old . 
  people who had still money to lose ( i.e. 
  people who statistically gained the most from the widespread corruption and are really those who you should fire your arrows against ) voted for one of those two , under the weight of the european threats of ` vote for them or else ' . 
  those two that you seem to support . 
  poor people , who have nothing else to lose and never did gain much from anything anyway , voted for ` populist ' syriza , as a means of punishing the old ruling dynasties and a hope for change . 
  think the recent usa elections and obama ( ` yes we can ' ) . 
  yet , somehow , your ` news ' sources presented things differently to you . 
  on top of that , your own mind 's made up about all this .
