  i ca n't overstate what a breakthrough the recent election results were . 
  imagine if you will , that both democrats and republicans got a cumulative result of less than 30 % in the next usa elections , with a third party poised to form a government . 
  always remember : people are the same everywhere and basically want the same things ( peace , stability , food on their table , prosperity for them and their families ) regardless of race . 
  the difference between an american and a greek is that the american is backed by a much-much stronger economy ( thus hiding from the general populace the deleterious effects of the corruption that lies at the bottom of the political swamp ) . 
  * ` avoiding taxes ' does not mean the same to a greek as to an american . 
  an analogy is me saying ` americans are terribly corrupt and awfully good at downloading illegal music and movies from the internet , thus stealing from the poor musicians ! ' . 
  i 've tried to explain the analogy in an older [ comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/hrng5/greece_agrees_to_more_cuts_and_tax_rises_as_price/c1xvooa ) . 
  a few short points :  it seems to me as if greeks tend to look at their present situation in contrast to life before the crisis , so from their perspective , the rest of europe is n't doing enough . 
  it 's not called a ` bailout ' or ' a rescue package ' in greek . 
  nobody here thinks that europe is ` bailing ' us out of anything . 
  it is widely understood that the vast majority of this money is being used on nothing other than paying back * interest * on greece 's previous loans ( i.e. 
  making already rich people richer ) . 
  this is the general sentiment anyway . 
   i do n't think it has been communicated well enough how very real that risk actually is . 
  most greeks understand pretty well that risk by now . 
  greeks have always been very pro-europe but ( like europeans on the opposite side ) are quickly getting fed up with what is seen here as a largely immoral ( not to mention unbearable ) situation . 
  greeks would rather stay in europe , but there comes a point where you simply say ` fuck it , i 've got nothing else to lose ' . 
  since both sides believe they are right or mostly right , there is obviously a failure in communication here . 
  the real pity is that the vast majority wants a shake down of waste and corruption ( as demonstrated by the recent elections ) and an exit from the european union and a return to the drachma is not very likely to help with that . 
  we 'll have to see , i guess . 
  yeah , that 's the one that orders chemicals thrown at the citizens demonstrating at the syntagma square ... for their protection of course !, 
  hence the name . 
  like many greeks , i studied at the uk . 
  one of my best friends was british . 
  we spent so much time together , that we tagged an ' - os ' suffix to both his name and surname and we declared him an honorary greek , either he wanted it or not . 
  he used to call us ` malakers ' which is an anglicisation of the greek ` malakes ' ( plural form of ` malakas ' ) . 
  since then , all of us have been calling each other ` malaker ' instead of the proper ` malaka ' . 
  it 's so funny , especially when pronounced with a heavy greek accent . 
  we had so much in common that after some time we could n't even remember that we were of different nationalities . 
  your post reminded me of him . 
  kurtos , i hope you 're doing fine old chap , wherever you are !, 
  i wo n't have any ? 
  well , they can certainly form a committee , which will immediately split into two vehemently opposing factions : the people 's bulb-changing committee ( marx and lenin doctrine ) and its mortal enemy , the people 's bulb-changing committee ( lenin and marx doctrine ) . 
  the second one after much shouting and arguing among themselves will split in three pieces : those that support the people 's right to turn the bulb clockwise , those that will fight to the death for the people 's right to turn the bulb anti-clockwise and those that will maintain that the bulb is simply an allegory for the people 's struggle against capitalism and the only way to change it is revolution . 
  no one will change the bulb . 
  here 's a greek joke that circulates these days : q : how many kke communists does it take to change a light bulb ? 
  a : no . 
  in case you did n't get it , greeks are as enraged with this as you are , probably much more . 
  you do n't even know half of it . 
  the two former top parties ( the ones that got totally destroyed in these elections ) have already borrowed up-front all the money the law said they were supposed to get up to 2017 !, 
  the thing is , the amount of public money that you have a right to is ( by law ) directly proportional to your last election results ( it should n't be like this , but that 's the way things are ) . 
  the bastards have been borrowing and spending like there is no tomorrow on the assumption that they will always hold the same high percentage of the electoral vote . 
  now , it is not even clear that they will exist next year , let alone 2017 !, 
  the question is , who gave approval for these loans ? 
  this is certainly grounds for an investigation . 
  well , i guess we 'll have to form a committee to decide !, 
  wait , make that two committees , just to be sure . 
  i do n't have anything to add to your reply since you explained the situation very well . 
  i just wanted to say that i lost two thirds ( 66 % ) of my income since january 2011 and presently i can no longer afford to use a car to go to work ( the gas alone would cost 160 euros per month , let alone car insurance , tax , repairs , etc ) . 
  i have to walk , take the subway and then walk again ( for a total daily commute time of 2h 45m ) . 
  at least i still have work , other people have it much worse . 
  let 's hope things will get better ... 
  well ... 
  the two major political parties that have been ruling greece like a dynasty for the last four decades ( since i was born ) and collectively brought her to destruction , either by cultivating and encouraging a certain culture among the citizens-clients or by outright stealing and theft ( one of them is in jail !, 
  ) , got a laughable , humiliating percentage . 
  it shook them to the core . 
  you should see their faces on the ( bought and paid-for by them ) tv stations , trying to downplay their defeat . 
  the good karma shared among greek people yesterday , all the festivity , all the hope for the future was so worth it !, 
  just to see the faces of the arrogant bastards who could n't believe their 18 % and 13 % respectively ... 
  most of them will have to go home , since they did n't win enough seats in the parliament . 
  sooo ... 
  i guess greece did ? 
  now , to answer your question more seriously , i do n't think a government can be formed , due to the rigged electoral law ( 50 seats are given as a bonus to the first party , just because ; all these years they have been ` fixing ' things left and right to ensure their perpetual re-election and immunity from any prosecution ) . 
  we will probably have to have new elections next month . 
  what will happen then , is anyone 's guess . 
  i 'm greek and i love stewart !, 
  i actually found it pretty funny . 
  if anybody is interested in some real-world explanations for the things he said concerning the greek elections ( which even the foreign news correspondents got wrong ) . 
  the real far left ( kke , the greek communist party ) got only 8 % of the vote . 
  that 's what they always get . 
  they failed miserably to increase their percentage under * very * favorable circumstances . 
  perhaps because they still live in 1912 . 
  that 's ok with them , because they do n't actually want to put themselves in danger of ever having to govern . 
  syriza , arguably the big winner of these elections is not the far left . 
  they 're merely ... left . 
  if that . 
  the kke wo n't even speak to them ( the kke wo n't speak to anybody ) . 
  i ca n't tell how ` left ' they would look to an american though . 
  they look pretty ` center-left ' from a greek 's perspective . 
  the golden dawn are really as bad as they look , or even worse . 
  they are true nazis , salutes , swastika and all . 
  they 're mostly violent thugs . 
  their true representation is less than 1 % . 
  they managed to take advantage of a very bad situation by misrepresenting themselves to the general populace ( i.e. 
  offering free food to the hungry , promising that they will get rid of illegal immigrants , etc ) . 
  a large part of the votes that went to their favor were simply meant as a joke , or as a way to ` get some punches thrown inside the parliament ' . 
  such is the anger against our politicians . 
  they have already shown their true colors by shouting ` all rise ' in their first press conference and then dragging journalists that refused to comply by their shirts and making them stand by force . 
  this is already raising a shitstorm here . 
  they wo n't last long and they will quickly crawl back to the cave from which they came . 
  good riddance . 
  all the jokes about the french are pretty accurate though . 
   maybe you should not be eating 3 euro sandwiches then ? 
  i do n't . 
  many people do n't . 
  little stores are closing left and right , since in a capitalist system it is very easy to raise prices but very-very hard to bring them back down ( the man that provides you with meat for making your sandwiches wo n't lower * his * prices , not before many of * his * customers have closed shop ) . 
   bread , meat , butter , tomato and cucumber does not cost more than in slovakia or estonia . 
  why , yes , yes they do . 
  they do cost more . 
  their price has doubled and tripled and quadrupled since 1999 .
