  so you think their exists no politically and religious based anti-semitic racist attacks on european jews ? 
  or that jews in europe do n't fear for their future today ? 
  because i can say from family members in france that in fact they do . 
  so yeah ... i kinda do know what i 'm talking about . 
  right . . because i obviously have no knowledge of the situation at all and base my thinking on fox news , amirite ? 
  as an american jew i will say i would be more cautious going to europe now than maybe i was 5 or 10 years ago . 
  it just seems that local gov ` ts in countries like sweden and norway are actively encouraging anti-semitism by a culture of silence when the racism stems not from far right movements but from far left movements and the politicking for the immigrant vote ( who are from islamic oriented societies ) . 
  it 's rather strange . . but i certainly would feel hesitant going to a synagogue in denmark or france today ... i remember a few years ago i went to istanbul and i had a chance to spend friday night at the heavily guarded synagogue there ... i had to hand over my passport , go through reinforced blast proof doors just to get into the sanctuary . 
  this is not the kind of society i would want to live in and you will see a movement of european jews ( some of who are my relatives ) go to israel . 
  i guess they have nothing better to do in norway ... idiotic comparison is idiotic . 
  the real concern was that russian geopolitical ambitions that go back to the 19th century of taking territory and threatening u.s allies such as pakistan and back in the 19th century the british raj . 
  russian access to the indian ocean would be damaging . 
  as for supporting the legitimate gov ' t of kabul ... that really depends in that time period on which afghan group you are talking about . 
  good . . i hope they overextend themselves in typical czarist russia fashion and get stuck there for years . 
  i know afghanistan is stuck in the back of their heads as much as it is for us ... kinda funny how two separate and unrelated wars that involved two superpowers in afghanistan have created lasting legacies about troop deployment . 
  you mean iran not iraq , right ? 
  that sounds awful actually, 
  that is what i say today in the 21st century ... we rule this shit, 
  all those groups you mentioned are not catholic oriented in their objectives . 
  the members of the groups might be but the objectives of the group are n't . 
  perhaps you can make the case that catholic religion played an organizing force for the ira because it was a protestant/catholic irish conflict but overall they were n't ideologically driven by the desire to turn ireland into a catholic fundamentalist state . 
  just because these assholes were having a good time does n't mean it was n't antisemitic . 
  it clearly is . 
  using antisemitic slurs and joking about gas chambers is pretty horrendous to begin with . 
  it really shows what kind of human being you are if you jokingly use them . 
  seems like munich is a big city in europe, 
  i 'm sitting by the pool right now soaking up rays . 
  no time to educate people . 
  colonization implies a parent country sending emigrants to populate a new land . 
  this was not a colonization under the defined term . 
  this was an ethnic group moving to its historic homeland fleeing state sponsored persecution in various european states because of their ethnic status . 
  hardly . 
  as an american citizen it was never going to happen . 
  our focus and priorities long term are shifting to the asia-pacific region . 
  if you actually think we were going to go to war with iran under president obama you really have no grasp of domestic politics or his foreign policy itself . 
  which is why two states were initially created on the land the british previously administered ... the palestinians rejected it through the arab league . 
  they lost ... jews had been buying land legally and establishing communities . . at the time of 1948 it was clearly two distinct ethnic groups inhabiting the land and fighting for national purposes . 
  the syrian rep did it recently in 2010 . 
  you can also see it 's obsessive focus on israel and who sits on this '' human rights council '' to see why it should n't be taken seriously . 
  jews came to the region from dp camps in cyprus and were fleeing countries such as yours ... jews had also been establishing legitimate cities and population centers there from the 1890s to the 1940 's . 
  they had every right to go there considering they were fleeing persecution in europe and north africa and/or had no entry to the united states or the u.k because of anti-jewish immigration quota laws in place . 
  netanyahu is smart enough to know we were never going to go to war with iran following our withdrawal from iraq . 
  he never said that either . 
  so not sure where you 're getting your information from . 
  he took the position that the u.s should not negotiate with iran with a nuclear deal that allowed iran access to the western markets . 
  it 's understandable he would take that position considering iran is the main financial funder of hezbollah and hamas . 
  they have accused israel of blood libel claims . . yeah . . it 's hatred . 
  the palestinians were offered their own country following the british mandate and the u.n partition plan . 
  it was n't even a fully defined geographical unit called palestine . . it was a regional term . 
  you might want to do a quick google search on the u.n human rights council and its history with israel ... i think its very well known they have a full on hard on agains ' t israel . 
  it 's pretty well established . 
  considering the way neighboring states like syria , iraq , and lebanon are disintegrating with a very fragile region right now and the past history of infitadas . . the israeli public turned to the right . 
  it 's willing to take a much more hard line position now because of the surrounding regional dynamics and you can make the argument that demographics is security . 
  a ) they were not an independent nation 80 years ago so were they also stabbing ottoman personnel and british personnel after ? 
  b ) does your logic apply to native american groups here in the u.s going around stabbing regular everyday americans ? 
  are you seeking to justify that . 
  everything you said is not applicable to the current situation in the west bank even though you have been led to believe that . 
  until the terms are acceptable by both sides in a formal signed peace treaty ... israel will continue to occupy them for security reasons . 
  do you even know what the beit hanoun incident you mentioned actually refers to ? 
  why did n't israel cooperate with a '' un human rights council '' mission led by people who already expressed hatred of israel like desmond tutu ? 
  i would hope if you 're ever under investigation you would demand an impartial investigation because the team that went was not . 
  they had made up their minds in regards to israel long before heading there . 
  actually urban warfare has been proven to be a hell of a lot more dangerous and costly for ground forces plus civilians than strategic precision air strikes ... but you are obviously a military genius here ... the next montgomery here ... 
  deliberately on palestinian civilians ? 
  hardly ... the beit hanoun incident you are referring to was in 2006 following the idf withdrawal when israel responded to qassem rocket attacks from the area and had bad information and responded to the area of the attack killing 19 civilians . 
  deliberate murder is different from a terrible mistake . 
  but any rudimentary research would tell you that . 
  if they want more aid hamas needs to give up on their kill all jews approach and no peace ever mantra ... it 's pretty simple actually . 
  i do n't see why that is such a hard concept to grasp . 
  what your also saying is far from true . 
  in 2006-7 the u.s spent $ 60 million to bolster the presidential guard of abbas and the int ' l community supported fatah and train 3,500 of his men to control gaza . 
  hamas felt threatened and began the civil conflict in gaza because they saw the writing on the wall that their movement felt threatened . 
  oghhh ... so it 's really about jews to you not about a real solution to the israeli/palestinian conflict ? 
  the only one bringing up jewish persecution is you in this discussion . 
  but hey ... i guess you need someone in your life to pin your failures on . 
  hamas waged a civil war agains ' t the palestinian authority in the gaza strip . 
  so what if they can deliver food and building materials ( btw . . both of those claims are false if you look at the misuse of both items you just mentioned ) . 
  the reason they hold control over the territory is because they are the only force there . 
  the other options are al-qaeda or isis inspired splinter groups ... that is n't setting the bar high there . 
  the embargos are necessary because of iranian shipment of weapons to hamas . 
  weapons they have shown a willingness to use deliberately on israeli civilians in sdereot and ashkelon . 
  how do you kill terrorists who utilize schools and hospitals against international law as safe zones ? 
  please ... explain that ... 
  israel withdrew from the entire sinai peninsula in 1982 as part of the terms of a peace treaty with egypt . 
  israel withdrew from south lebanon in 2000 unilaterally . 
  what exactly do you think the palestinians would get after a full israeli withdrawal from the west bank ? 
  half of present day israel ? 
  i am unsure about what would be '' unacceptale and humiliating '' ... the palestinians would get their independence and would work out through negotiations the dis-membership of armed islamic militant groups while israel would force settlers to either become palestinian citizens or move back into israel proper . 
  you ca n't claim the terms are unacceptable or humiliating if they have n't been already agreed upon . 
  osama bin laden also went on an anti-semitic rant in his pamphlet about jewish domination of the u.s. ... i am glad we do n't take our marching orders from al-qaeda . 
  i hope you realize this also . 
  the whole point of negotiations is for israeli withdrawal from the west bank and the establishment of safe and secure borders . 
  when israel withdrew from gaza it was taken over by hamas in an internal civil war and look what happened there . 
  israel is not going to unilaterally do that to such a large area . 
  it does n't want hamas to take control of the west bank even if abbas is a terrible leader himself . 
  in ozymandias mind it would be unlawful for anyone to target the nice terrorist because it might infringe on his human right to kill as many people as possible using that truck ... his logic is bat shit insane ... people like this should have their voting privileges stripped from them . 
  if you think israel just unilaterally leaving the west bank will solve everything you are naive . 
  it wo n't ... the same way hezbollah changed its mission following israeli withdrawal from lebanon in 2000 these armed militant groups will continue to seek a reason to justify their existence . 
  the only way to peace is through negotiations . 
  that 's just not true at all .
