  highly unlikely as we still have long standing foreign policy doctrines here called the monroe doctrine/roosevelt corollary . 
  though some claim that these have been dead ideas since franklin roosevelt , i am not so convinced . 
  the 16th-17th centuries were not a good time to be a religious minority throughout europe . 
  if you were a protestant in france you were burned at the stakes . 
  if you were a jew anywhere outside the polish-lithuanian commonwealth you were effectively 2nd class . 
  if you were a catholic in england you had a bad time . 
  finally ... facts, 
  does n't everyone look like james bond in london and wear the finest suits ? 
  their had n't been fighting in europe before wwi ? 
  check out southeastern european history during the 1910 's that precipitated wwi . 
  do i think it was an '' act of kindness '' ? 
  i never said that ... we in the u.s had objectives and the primary one at the time was keeping russia out of afghanistan at any cost because of the fear of them gaining access to the indian ocean oil markets . 
  the taliban did n't form until 1996 . 
  we in the u.s armed the afghan mujaheeden . 
  some of those factions eventually formed the taliban down the road . 
  they came in limited numbers and they were far from their homelands so they were forced as a matter of fact to adapt to survive and like i said they assimilated by the 3rd generation . 
  go into spanish barrios in many communities and you will still not hear a word of english spoken and now schools are catering to this and we are being forced to become bilingual to adapt to their culture . 
  my ancestors came speaking yiddish and russian . . my grandparents and parents were forced to assimilate to make us fit into being american . 
  that is what defines america . 
  relatively speaking perhaps . . but they are still different from us in many ways and when they refuse to adapt to our culture and society which is happening as a matter of fact going further than the 1st and 2nd generations then its still a problem . 
  they really are n't as close to us in culture ... secular protestantism that took a backburner to enlightened republican philosophy of gov ' t vs a country that is heavily roman catholic and it plays a role in culture along with native traditions ... a different language that shapes culture and identity . . spanish vs english . 
  we are much closer culturally to our northern folks in canada which is like a hybrid country of the u.s / europe with ties to the british commonwealth . 
  give muslims spam and surfing should be a movement . 
  like how ? 
  how as non-muslims do we just enter a mosque and prevent the messages from being spread ? 
  how do we go into their communities and prevent radicalization without coming off as intrusive ? 
  do we hand out jobs to them to prevent them from becoming suicide bombers ? 
  do we hand out a special islamic welfare trust to uplift them collectively which discriminates against non-muslims using tax revenues ? 
  i do n't really understand how we as individuals can do anything if we are outside the community of islam . 
  but something also needs to be said about the way recruitment for islamists within muslim society in general is a problem that needs to be handled by the muslim community in general . 
  i was in a bookstore in the airport in izmir , turkey a few years ago ... their was a book in turkish basically talking about a jewish conspiracy to take over the world . . i 'm an american jew but found it quite insightful about the crap in the wider islamic world . . 
  germany should expel 50,000 turks from its soil as retribution . 
  seems only fair . 
  you guys can come to our beaches in the summer ... i mean . . i live in new jersey and we have an entire industry devoted to our shore communities during the summer time . 
  lots of italian-americans we affectionately call guidos . 
  we have amazing pizza and we have an overweight governor who is an embarrassment to our state . 
  looks like it got a little water damage going on there . 
  but you wo n't see the guardian disable comments on any number of the anti-israel articles they publish ... i promise you that . 
  you do realize the '' un '' is made up of countries , right ? 
  the un is not a military . 
  ok ... so who should enforce un security council resolutions in your opinion ? 
  you really think we are the world police ? 
  trump admires putin not erdogan ... 
  yep . 
  anti-colonial attitudes against the uk superseded any fear of hitler or the german empire even if that german empire would eventually have one of its goals the subjugation of their people if they ever were 100 % successful . 
  i am just conjecturing that it could be because he took on the british empire which the indians had more of a hostile relationship with . 
  nothing cute about it at all, 
  the oregon trail is fraught with peril, 
  oculus rift the auschwitz experience ? 
  your own words sound like a russian version of neo-nazis here in the u.s who believe the holocaust never happened . . similar style of argumentation . 
  you are too defensive about this as if you have skin in the game . 
  why do you think bringing up the russian colonization/genocide in siberia as it expanded eastward is somehow a plot from me to cover up the treatment of native americans in two continents ( north america and south america ) . 
  the point i was originally making was that russia 's expansion as a nation came at the cost of millions of lives . 
  you are taking this too personally . 
  you ca n't say '' thousands '' and think we can take that number seriously since any intellectual pursuit of discussing this history within russia will put your life in danger by nationalists . 
  in the u.s and canada we are free to discuss and engage in the dark part of our western history . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_conquest_of_siberia#massacres_of_indigenous_peoples i do n't think you quite understand the extent to which the russian cossaks with unofficial support from moscow crushed and exterminated entire groups of people . 
  i knew someone would also bring up our native american population because i 'm american ... the difference being that most people acknowledge the disgrace with which we treated the natives here in the u.s. not sure about russia though ... 
  history informs the present ... as someone with a history degree , many global issues and the foundation of a nations foreign policy are infused with historical grievances , the impact of historical events on a nation , and the education of global leaders in their own nations history and desire to bring glory . 
  the territory that russia expanded to when they settled east was hardly uninhabited land ... russia committed outright genocide on the native siberian tribal groups and other groups that inhabited that territory . 
  sticks and stones ? 
  40 of the ships crew had knives and iron bars ... your facts are quite wrong on this . 
  why israel agreed to compensate the victims now ? 
  because they know that realistic foreign policy dictates to throw the turks a bone so that the $ $ can start flowing in with restored diplomatic ties along with trade . 
  but to act like the ihh activists onboard that ship were anything but provocateurs is misleading . 
  also , show me where israel acted outside the law in boarding the ship ? 
  also . . ethical ? 
  why is it unethical for israel to board a ship that is breaking a blockade and bypassing the normal channels knowing full well those materials ( while innocent looking like cement ) would end up in the hands of hamas and not the actual civilians ? 
  that seems ethical to me . 
  sounds naughty, 
  i speak american according to foreigners who come here to the u.s. . . a few times they have told me that ... 
  it really is something that someone actually thinks they have some innate authority over fellow citizens of that country and they can act outside the law and pretend they are a law enforcement arm . 
  these imams are insane to think they are better than the central authority and above the state itself . 
  by doing this , they do n't recognize the states sole right of law enforcement and that is a big issue . 
  not enough room in the aegean sea apparently ... russia demands bigger sea . 
  a massive war in the arabian peninsula would have global implications . 
  think about how much global trade passes between the area of the suez canal in egypt through the red sea down the coast and around the bab el mendeb in the gulf of aden ... a major war would drive up the cost of oil in europe and you guys will see major price hikes in the importation of products/commodities . 
  hence the origin of the word slaves ... 
  the westphalian system of 1648 is the most enduring/important geopolitical outcome in the western world geopolitics . 
  thanks for ruining my morning ... i appreciate it . 
  all of the 5 jews in austria will be upset . 
  it makes no logical sense . . i 'm jewish , but why on earth would jews support the idea of bringing refugees who are largely anti-semitic in outlook into their societies so that they themselves can be persecuted ? 
  as a jew , their is no way in hell i would ever feel safe in any muslim dominated society . 
  no way in hell . 
  i would be practically forced under the circumstances to be keep it under wraps and never show any displays . 
  that does n't make me an equal in society . 
  it makes me a subordinate . 
  nope . 
  never going there . 
  i am just 1/1623 ... i need to set myself apart from the horde . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_russo-turkish_wars looks like they got a long history, 
  probably after us of course, 
  i guess tourists are stuck eating packaged chocolate for breakfast , lunch , and dinner ? 
  maybe the romanian gov ' t can pay for him to get some comedy training ? 
  everyone over in belgium is sleeping right now . . weird time for them to raise the alert . 
  well.hezbollah is not supposed to exist anymore since israel withdrew from southern lebanon . 
  the un security council has resolutions calling for its dissolution . . but no one is going to enforce it . 
  i have a few high school era friends on facebook who are '' artist types '' and absurd with saying anything because its anti-establishment . . it 's almost like they never grew out of their teenage angst and rebellion against the world because no one liked them and ca n't seem to understand why no one likes them now . 
  you need to put them in their proper place . 
  look at any fuckin pew poll from the islamic world on such simple issues like apostasy .
