  you ca n't really think its not an issue . . 
  you know what ... they hate us no matter what we do ... our action or inaction is a propaganda point . 
  we ca n't keep tip toeing around the issue of islam in our societies . 
  yeah ... raiding the mosques for weapons , explosives is just as bad as the terrorists who did what they did today ... yeah ... like they really care about our actions . 
  how long before you realize that no matter what we do , they will find justification for what they want to do to our society ? 
  most certainly hold the views of terrorists, 
  my heart goes out to the french people tonight . 
  norwegian originality, 
  i would n't say the uk is in '' the middle of the atlantic ocean '' ... they are more to the far right of the atlantic ocean . 
  well . . it can '' bother you '' ... but are we so sure french intelligence does n't have a comparable database for influential americans ? 
  when it comes to non-americans , our laws are quite lax overseas . 
  who would have thought this would be prevalent in egypt ... / s, 
  why do n't russians go to eilat , israel ? 
  its much safer than egypt and the trip is just as far . 
  you get similar red sea beaches . 
  i go to israel , turkey on vacation ... israel is stable and has some good beaches . 
  turkey has a fairly stable tourism industry along the coastline . 
  '' as it is decided '' ... sounds so russian when you say that . 
  the high command has spoken . 
  kurds would never attack western tourist sites though . 
  the kurds have an incentive to have western gov ' t backing . . attacking british , aussie , general european tourists does n't make logical sense . 
  plus , most turkish sights are from istanbul down to the aegean coastline . . kinda far from the syrian battlefield and the kurdish heartland of turkey . 
  saw a lot of russians when i went to turkey . 
  can confirm . 
  i think russia has an incentive to make sure its not an aviation malfunction because it would draw attention to shoddy russian aviation industry . 
  no real stereotypes of my country . 
  i would love to see norway for the scenery . 
  though i would have no idea how to get around and not real fond of renting a car in another country and the difficulty in that . 
  we have the same issue in the u.s. . . we have to obey the fact that bikes have the same rules on the road as cars except for the fact that bicyclists routinely ride down wrong ways , ride in the middle of the road and not at the side , or do n't stop at stop signs . 
  they ca n't have it both ways . 
  what kind of recreation ? 
  istanbul was largely greek orthodox until after 1880s when population exchanges with greece ( especially during the balkan wars ) sent albanian muslims , circassians , and tatars to turkey and greek orthdodox greeks to greece . 
  yes ... and some highways are two lanes but a lot of our highways are n't . 
  i live in the suburbs and our highways are larger than that ... those are just small mini-highways . 
  i know . . which is why i said its so odd for me to see a two lane highway ... 
  living in the nyc metro area and our population density . . it 's usually 3 lanes . 
  two lane highways ? 
  that is so odd for me to see, 
  we do n't have an agenda to invade '' half the world '' ... that is a very simplistic and idiotic view of u.s foreign policy if that is what your implying here . 
  if you would like to take on the security challenges in a nuclear armed world to provide stability , let 's see sweden do that . 
  china does have agendas and whether they admit it or not , a lot of it has to do with reversing the embarrassment of the japanese occupation era and re-assert chinese dominance over south/east asian affairs . 
  they will be bullying their traditional adversaries/neighbors in the region like vietnam , philippines , and japan . 
  well yeah . . it was ottoman territory from 1517-1918 or so . 
  but the title caliph means someone who presently controls the holy places of islam . 
  which he does n't right now . 
  how can erdogan be a caliph if he has no authority/control over mecca and medina which the title caliph implies . 
  ahh the balkan league is back . . watch out albania , serbia is seeking an outlet to the sea ... bulgaria will get upset with everyone taking all the spoils and say fuck it and start a war and lose territory to the turks . . and around and around we go ... 
  the u.k has no real foreign policy today . . something a great power has to have . 
  the u.k has a diminishing military and its navy is not nearly what it used to be . . hard to project power overseas and have a carrots and stick foreign policy if you have no means to back it up with . 
  the u.k is more of a mess than most would like to consider . 
  india 100 years ago was a british colony with princely states scattered around ... the interaction of british society with the indian elite ( who britain trained and put in high positions in the colony ) created the intellectual foundation for how to unite various princely kingdoms with very different languages together into one nation post-independence . 
  people like vallahbhai patel do n't get enough credit for this outside india . 
  china is very different ... they have seen themselves throughout history as the middle kingdom and their forms of gov ' t have given them structure except for the period of european imperialism . 
  chine is also ( compared to india ) a much more homogeneous nation and has controlled the present boundaries for a much longer time , so they have no reason to give political voices to ethnic minorities . 
  chinese civilization has always centered on the north china plain . 
  china wo n't ever be a democracy . . even the republic era from 1912-1949 was plagued by military juntas that took over periodically and chaos thanks to the rival gov ` ts in the south and north . 
  china also has a form of statecraft that goes back nearly 3,000 years in various forms . 
  the original hipster, 
  ok . . as a baseball fan here it ... two teams play each other . 
  you have the field . 
  the field has 4 bases going counterclockwise ( home base , 1st base , 2nd base , and then 3rd base ) . 
  the away team bats first . 
  they have 9 hitters and than it repeats itself . 
  their are also 9 innings ( broken down into top and bottom depending on which team is at bat ) . 
  the hitters have to obviously hit off the opposing teams pitcher ( who throws based on skill and speed a variety of different types of pitches ) . 
  the hitter ca n't strike out 3 times ( by missing the ball ) = out , if the hitter hits the ball and ends up in the glove of the opposing team ( its an out ) or if he grounds the ball with his bat and the fielder ( person out in the field ) throws it to the base the hitter is going to = out . 
  if the hitter hits the ball and lands on the ground , goes into the stands ( home run , between the two foul poles ) it 's a hit and/or a run scored . 
  if its hit foul its just counted as a strike that is not outworthy so the hitter can still hit . 
  if he hits it , he goes to 1st base . . he can '' steal '' 2nd by getting there if the team in the field ( pitcher and catcher ) screw up . 
  the guy on base can score a run if another team mate hits the ball ( within the parameters defined above ) and can safely reach home base . 
  since you have 3 outs in an inning , it leads to drama sometimes . . often in the playoffs with good teams . 
  this continues back and forth for 9 innings until the team with more runs wins . 
  not a colony . . it was a mandate . 
  huge difference . 
  before it was under the british it was ottoman territory . 
  the british took '' their land '' . . no . . they took the ottoman land during wwi when general allenby led his forces up from british egypt . 
  the final say on the partition of the land belonged to britain and then the u.n when it was handed over to them for a general assembly vote . 
  the palestinians have a '' right '' to a state , but the war that resulted from partition makes that less and less likely of ever happening . 
  losers of major wars tend to have their sovereignty extinguished . . the fact the palestinians are always granted generous peace teams keeps them holding on . 
  ummm what '' country of palestine '' existed ? 
  it was a british mandate of palestine . 
  because it 's acceptable for muslims to say antisemitic shit because they have brown skin . 
  today is your lucky day ... 
  i disagree ... borders are necessary to protect the sovereignty of the nation on the soil . 
  if we in the u.s did n't have borders for instance , our nation would just get invaded by latin americans ( more than presently ) and the culture/socioeconomic system of a large chunk of the u.s would become catholic . . it would change things drastically ... also , while it works great in western europe , the open borders with far different types of countries would be a nightmare . . borders are a necessary evil . 
  it 's like your alabama . 
  i feel like i would get a bad sunburn and have a very bad day ... i go to the beach ( jersey shore ) for 3 hours i get red like a lobster . 
  we will need more people here to make up for the sudden influx of brown skinned people from south of our border / s, 
  in a couple of weeks the leaves will change and hopefully we can get another one of these posts than . 
  new york/new jersey in the fall is actually very pretty ... though i wish i was up in the catskills or adirondacks . 
  is n't it spring down there right now ? 
  so days are getting longer there , right ? 
  here in the new york/new jersey area we have maybe 14 hours of sun light in the summer and 10 in the winter . 
  not a lot of variation . . it would be so weird living so far north or south . 
  how do you sleep in the summer ? 
  or wake up and work in the winter ? 
  country : freedom ( u.s.a ) favourite neighbor : canada lease favorite neighbor : russia, 
  i just had a '' speculoos frappe '' tonight ... is this typical in belgium and the netherlands like advertised ? 
  here in new jersey we have one virtually every 3 blocks . . always owned by indian-americans . 
  so what opinions are you so bravely expressing that you are getting butt hurt about ?
