a month of vacation time ... ok ... it comes at a cost . 
  what no one wants to really talk about because its almost become too taboo is that women not marrying and producing children at an earlier age . . around 17 or 18 and the breakdown of traditional family life is what drives birth rates down . . women might get married in their 30 's . 
  and having children after 30 often produces health issues for the child as well . 
  i talk to europeans who are in their 30s and all they do is travel all around on their free time . . they do n't want to settle down and invest their money in having families . 
  they rather live off the social welfare state and current lifestyles of today like it will last indefinitely . 
  it may be nice today but down the road you will have issues . 
  the huns still have police forces ehh ? 
  attila would be proud . 
  it depends ... we are forgiving when the company a ) recalls all defective products and b ) updates its cars accordingly . 
  consumer reports and the diverse auto industry almost force companies to innovate . . except of course the detroit auto industry which sucked for years and than we had to bail them out . . but today they are actually producing decent cars . 
  mary poppins would love the dutch language, 
  is n't it the same in your country with ethnic enclaves that breed radical islam ? 
  it 's why people like anwar al-alaki fled the u.s and went to the u.k because of the radical atmosphere within the islamic community there before going to yemen . 
  postwar by tony judt is great ... really goes into detail the political , economic , and social impact after the war and the geopolitical situation . 
  a german long term final solution ? 
  we do have a very educated population ( speaking as an ashkenazic jew ) because we grow up in and around largely educated professional people . . our upbringing in great schools , families that enforce reading at an early age , discussion/debates at the dinner table on the politics of the day , etc make us tend to be able to navigate the business/science/etc world pretty well . 
  we also do n't have the largely negative social stigma in our culture or material success that seems to be the rule in some cultures . 
  drunk english hooligans vs angry islamic radicals ... 
  i would watch that on pay per view here in the u.s. 
  stupidest comment ever ... you would have the full force of the federal gov ' t ( and you often do with the justice dept. 
  getting involved ) if interracial couples were beaten or killed or gay couples were denied their civil rights . 
  our rural areas might have a lot of stupid uncultured people and some of that makes the news in unfortunate ways , but its nothing like rural areas of islamic oriented societies backwardness . 
  i know its very easy for a swede who lives in a fantasy land to bash the u.s. 
  but thanks for playing . . 
  you would n't have the un without it . 
  the structure of the u.n is to give more weight to the important powerful nations ( i.e the p5 ) and protect the interests of the major powers . 
  the u.n is good for action on small scale genocides where the european and asian powers do n't have major interests but not in their own backyard . 
  i understand that the present generation wants to atone for the sins of the father . . but going a complete 180 degrees to extreme openeness is not going to give you answers . . it makes you look weak in the world and others will take advantage of you . 
  their is nothing wrong with being moderate and germans should know that as someone jewish and i hear it within the jewish community here in america we wish you guys actually stopped being so extreme to the left on certain issues of national security . 
  it does n't make you a nazi unless you actually take on hitlers ideology , which is something entirely different . 
  so you think tunisians who fought for isis who come back to tunisia will not be radicalized and will not try to go to europe to conduct attacks and you put that on the same level as a nuclear first strike ? 
  think on that logic . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/tunisia-after-igniting-arab-spring-sends-the-most-fighters-to-islamic-state-in-syria/2014/10/28/b5db4faa-5971-11e4-8264-deed989ae9a2_story.html ok ... so i totally made that up ? 
  if the conflict in syria ever ends . . these fighters will return to tunisia on tunisia passports . 
  why stick your head in the sand ? 
  what 's kinda ironic is that as someone who is jewish i wish you germans ( as a nation ) stopped being so pc when it comes to dealing with present issues . 
  it does n't make you a nazi for having legitimate concerns about refugees arriving in your nation and the economic and political costs of absorption . 
  tunisia is sending a ridiculous amount of fighters to syria ... when they return to tunisia , they will be trying to take down that gov ' t and could easily get across to italy . 
  fun times ahead for you guys . 
  it 's not really '' small scale '' and the intelligence apparatus created after 9/11 really stopped numerous terror attacks or some failed miserably ... like the detroit christmas day flight or the times square attempted attack . 
  some were successful like ft. 
  hood ... many in europe and one in mumbai also . 
  while individual rights are of constitutional importance here in the u.s their is serious legitimate security concerns about terrorism that is n't '' small scale '' . 
  sarah palin would have been vice president not president . . and i can assure you , she would have been nowhere near any nuclear codes . 
  michelle bachman was a fringe candidate in 2012 . 
  they would also be constrained by congress if they ever tried to do anything theocratic in a republic system . 
  they are not even remotely comparable to islamic theocratic gov ` ts or gov ` ts that do n't have a clear separation of mosque and state . 
  it 's not the same thing at all because our system in the u.s is not built around an ideology of christianity . 
  it 's built around core idealistic concepts and our strategic interests which are not always the same . 
  the structure of our govt compared to others is very different . . especially weak islamic ones like yemen , syria , or libya . 
  are you actually comparing local evangelical groups in our country to the way extremist muslims operate in other countries ? 
  local evangelicals here in the u.s do not kill those deemed heretics throughout local communities here and get away with it . 
  extremist muslims control all aspects of social life and the legal system in local areas of islamic countries ... terrible comparison . . also , the federal gov ' t here in the u.s would intervene if any local militia started attacking civilians based upon the religion they adhered to . 
  ca n't say it would be the same in some fragile nations in the islamic world with weak central gov ` ts and constitutions that are islamic in principle . 
  is n't austria a wealthier country than germany ? 
  how are the job prospects in austria ? 
  palestine was a region . 
  not a country . 
  not to say it should n't be there . 
  but that statement is just historically wrong . 
  the term palestine became identified with the palestinian arab national cause because palestinian jews in the british mandate of palestine decided to call the state israel through jewish nationalism . 
  not every country has 60 + million people and is a focal point of trade and finance like the u.k is ... without nuclear arsenals at your disposal you are putting yourself at a severe disadvantage . 
  the u.k is not swaziland or bolivia . 
  it 's an int ' l power . 
  donald trump defies all logic, 
  anti-semite might be wrong on a literal level , but it is specific now as part of the vocabulary when it comes to a particular hatred of jews . 
  and yes ... many of those arriving to your country and others in europe are bringing ever increasing amounts of anti-semitism they were raised on in syria or yemen or iraq to your new countries . 
  how you guys deal with it will alter the course of european jews going forward and whether they decide to just say fuck it and go to israel or come here to north america . 
  the reason your northern european gov ` ts are taking in so many migrants is because of the fact you guys are not producing enough children for the future . 
  germany is expected to decline to 60 million people . . it needs people to be taxed to support the social welfare policies your generation is so generously living off of . 
  the same can be seen in denmark and sweden . . you northmen are dieing out or refuse to marry and produce children . 
  this is actually serious for the future of your countries . 
  where in the u.s do you live ? 
  i live in new jersey and we have a large indian-american community which means great food . 
  sikhs also have a very open tolerant religious worldview . 
  i had a co-worker at my old job . . elderly sikh woman from the punjab . . she used to tell me all about life in her community in india and she would bring me a bagel for breakfast and bake me samosas . . i mentioned i was jewish and she wanted to know all about our cultural traditions . 
  i know its anecdotal , but sikhs are a very open religious culture and educated group . . which i know im generalizing about , but its a good one . 
  the invasion of iraq was in 2003 ... tell me how that led to 2011 and the uprisings ? 
  the impact of the iraq war was felt in the resistance in syria , but that is where it ends . 
  tunisia is far from iraq as is libya and even egypt to some degree . 
  well yes ... but gaddafi was not smart during the last years of his rule . 
  if he was going to rule the way he did , you need to buttress yourself and adapt to any and all situations . 
  he did n't respond to the impact of social media on the protests in tunisia and he made dumb mistakes that brought about the civil war in libya . 
  he was a terrible leader who led libya to years of isolation over a cause in the 80 's that produced very little and he later threw away . 
  this is n't to say that libya should have been handed over to islamic fundamentalists who would just turn libya into an isolated religious nutjob run country , but the people of libya just deserve better than two extremist forms of gov ` t. 
  are you forgetting the part where he destabilized libya by not preventing the arab spring from entering libya and his troops firing on protestors in benghazi ? 
  listen , i am not in support of islamists controlling the gov ` ts of countries but to make it out like gaddafi stabilized libya is ridiculous ... these countries were powder kegs waiting to explode for years . 
  the influence of social media and not developing proper responses is what led to widespread revolt from tunisia to syria . 
  if gaddafi was '' so smart '' why did he fire on protesters in benghazi and basically bring the arab spring from tunisia across the border to libya in the undeveloped eastern part of libya ? 
  gaddafi was not smart with how he handled the domestic situation in libya considering he was making rapprochement with the west since 1999 ? 
  if he was so smart why was the pan-arabism he espoused for so long thrown into the garbage can and he turned to '' pan-africanism '' to legitimize his rule ? 
  the guy was not smart ... he just adapted like a chameleon to whatever vogue anti-west or perceived to be anti-colonial movement that had traction at the time . 
  arab picking his nose at 1:18 . 
  i was thinking more a meatloaf song reference, 
  2 out of 3 ai n't bad . 
  considering that russia , china , etc have nuclear weapons and are either regional powers or becoming superpowers . . yes . . that logic/statement still applies . . the world is unfair . . smaller or minor powers will always be at a disadvantage whether militarily , geographically , or economically compared to larger countries . 
  deal . . with . . it . 
  they like to say that israel is illegal and blah blah '' free palestine '' but when anyone asks that simple question you get blank stares . 
  these people arguing do n't want israel to exist for the simple fact its a jewish state . 
  it boils down to that and that alone .
