  by your own logic , the land you are on today in europe is most likely land that belonged to another country or political entity . 
  why do n't you live by the words you claim to represent and set an example and give it back to whoever possessed it prior to you ? 
  no . . not really . 
  i also believe in unicorns and pots of gold at the end of rainbows . 
  seriously , their world view wo n't change and the reality is that when/if the syrian refugees do return to syria from israel they will always be tarnished by those syrians who stayed as being '' zionist agents '' ... look at the reputation of israeli arabs today within the wider arab world . 
  because the syrians are not also in a state of war with sweden like israel and syria are currently ( even if its bloodless now ) . 
  syrians have also been raised since birth to hate israel across its border . 
  it 's not wise for israel to just take in people who could be a future source of conflict . 
  why would israel donate to people who hate its very existence ? 
  israel does plenty around the globe through science/investment ( especially west africa and east africa ) . 
  it 's not going to aid the enemy though . 
  i can promise you what i just said is 100 % accurate . 
  but you can go research it yourself to confirm outside of reddit . 
  i guess you never met half of the israeli population which is sephardic and the same skin tone as arabs . . or falasha jews of ethopia . . you might want to research before posting . 
  while sunni discontent gave rise to isis extremist groups , when do the sunni arabs take responsibility themselves for their actions ? 
  does our poor gov ' t policies in iraq from 2004-2011 ( when u.s troops withdrew ) give the iraq and syrian sunnis a free hand at committing human right abuses on a mass scale ? 
  it was the iraqis demanding u.s troops leave iraq by 2011 or relinquish sovereignty when it came to our military on its soil . 
  bush was forced to sign the sofa and obama had to uphold it . 
  it was the iraqis themselves with iranian meddling that produced a shi ` te dominanted gov ' t in baghdad . . it was n't the u.s. 
  it was their democratic parliamentarian coalition building that did . 
  sunnis became outcasts and the old guard of tikrit took to joining isis when the arab spring took a hold in syria in 2011 . 
  now that border is meaningless between syrian and iraq . 
  we have already contributed $ 1.1 billion dollars to the un resettlement of syrian refugees . 
  more than any other country by a mile . 
  we can take in refugees and we should as a nation for our credibility , but the distance is too far for millions of syrians to suddenly show up on our shores . 
  they will go to the closest wealthy countries . 
  like i said in another post , we funded the afghan mujaheddin not the arab volunteers which were funded through bin laden . 
  he had a vast family fortune at his disposal . 
  bin laden had his own funding source for arab volunteers called the muktah khadimat . 
  we ( the u.s ) funded the afghan mujahdeen . 
  huge difference . 
  bin laden and al-qaeda was a homegrown group funded through bin ladens family wealth . 
  we funded what eventually in 1996 became the taliban . 
  we destablizied the middle east ? 
  talk about hyperbola at its finest . 
  last time i checked it was britain and france carving up the remnants of the ottoman empire . 
  it was britain and russia battling in iran and afghanistan prior to us . 
  libya was a nato mission with significant european demands for intervention by us . 
  but of course its our fault . . ha . . i forgot , the lower breed arabs are n't adults to figure their own shit out themselves and take any responsibility . 
  it 's up to us adult white people to pamper the fucken children of the middle east because they ca n't take control over themselves and live up to 21st century standards . 
  seriously , the '' blame america '' train gets old real quick considering the european defense budget gets paid primarily through our u.s tax dollars ... if you want to pick up the increased share of defense spending , go right ahead . 
  you realize the syrian civil war took place in 2011 without u.s involvement , right ? 
  and if you think their is n't a religious dimension to those rallying behind assad you are mistaken . 
  assad is secular but many of those who fight for him as proxies such as hezbollah and his heavily financial/political backing by iran are certainly not secular . 
  i do n't understand what you just said ... are you implying that bin laden and al-qaeda was created by us ? 
  chechnya is more an ethnic conflict with religious dimensions than a breeding ground for isis because its not interested in turning russia into an islamic state . 
  the issue with bolstering assad that would turn off many regional actors like sa , turkey , and israel is that you would just hand that country over as a puppet to iran and make it that much stronger . 
  i have an austrian friend who parties hard and logs on facebook when it 's 10 pm here in the eastern u.s. so she goes to sleep real late over there . 
  it 's called economics of scale . 
  mass marketed food . . much like the automobile and other american technological achievements that we sold across the world following wwii during the 1950 's . 
  the american hamburger became part of that tradition . 
  unfortunately , it 's not represented in the diversity of american culinary food . . whether its cajun in louisiana or seafood in new england . . and those foods ca n't be mass produced and shipped across the world . 
  those need a restaurant and good chefs . 
  ever been to new orleans ? 
  chicago ? 
  seattle ? 
  miami ? 
  i have seen many of your countrymen there . '', 
  american food '' does n't exist . 
  fast food is real shitty . . but you know what ? 
  you can avoid it and eat better quality if you go into a mom and pop deli or cafe/restaurant . 
  plenty in all the major cities tourists tend to go . 
  american literature is like bad ? 
  we may not have a thousand year history but we have literature going back to the 1600 's in our country ( from colonial and puritan days ) . 
  you get it . . india also historically aligned with the '' non-aligned movement '' which in essence left a bad taste in the mouth of u.s politicians when it came to the india/pakistan issue . 
  the india/u . s nuclear deal that was struck in 2008 i believe was a watershed moment i believe . 
  we have good food . . just not '' fast food '' ... if you avoid fast food you can find plenty of good food options . . of course i am speaking from living in a liberal part of new jersey that is multiethnic and has higher quality food stores for suburbanites . 
  well . . you do n't need a phd in modern european history to know that the principle enemy of hitler throughout his writings was jews . 
  while others like those mentioned certainly suffered horrendously , only one minority group was singled out massively for slow and painful deaths . 
  i would also like to add that hiding being gay , a jehova witness , etc was a lot easier to do than hiding you were jewish at that time period . 
  btw , if you enter any holocaust museum whether its in d.c or jerusalem you will find plenty of attention to non-jews who died in the holocaust . 
  as a descendant of two wwii veterans who also happened to be jewish-americans who watched as their cousins in poland were butchered by nazis , it is n't funny making jokes about dead people who were murdered . 
  and i would say the same for those who were murdered 70 years ago and those who were murdered in 2015 . 
  that is where i thought the joke was . 
  who ever said otherwise ? 
  i hear this on reddit all too often and i have to ask ... do you think us jews think non-jews dieing is somehow less ? 
  is that the implication ? 
  while they lived off confiscated jewish household wealth . 
  i 'm jewish and laughed at the relevant username . . it 's ok . 
  you actually think they will be equally distributed ? 
  i think you are being simplistic . 
  people do feel real bad for the syrians and libyans migrating to your countries . 
  the problem is , do small european countries have the resources and wherewithal to absorb these immigrants/refugees who will most likely never return to the middle east or north africa ? 
  they do threaten the core ethnic groups domination of central europe if they ca n't get to western europe and there the experience has been a lack of integration by predominately muslim migrants in european societies . 
  you are only adding fuel to the fire that will eventually explode . 
  shit that will turn you white ... ghostbusters reference . . sorry ... 
  the civil war is continuing not just because of syrians fighting among themselves but because of external geopolitics that involve russia , iran , saudi arabia , turkey , and the u.s. 
  define '' strain ? '', 
  is it fiscal ? 
  is it transformation of status quo culture/ethnicity ? 
  illegal immigration undoubtedly is another form of invasion absent military takeover . 
  it attacks the sovereignty of a state to manage and control its borders making that state not a state anymore . 
  hungary as the gateway to western europe from the balkans and turkey seems to be at the forfront of the strain . 
  it is a country with a population of 9.9 million that will see illegal immigrants from war torn syria stop there and possibly stay there as the economic stagnation in western europe continues and those countries close its borders . 
  hungary will have to deal with the fiscal responsibility of dealing with them and the cultural/ethnic mass change that will be a culture shock for ordinary hungarians . 
  very mearsheimer like . 
  finally someone who understands the offensive realism school of ir . 
  russia perceives nato enlargement to eastern europe ( specifically to the baltics ) as an american ploy to contain russia in its sphere of influence . 
  they perceive the movement of abm as a means as well of making sure russia does n't have 2nd strike capabilities . 
  to be fair , would we in america accept if russia moved an alliance of like minded states with military weapons at its disposal to mexico or canada ?
