  each campaign will start on june 28th '', 
  if you 're interested , join the steam group to sign up !, 
  hey guys , sorry for the late reply , i just finished reorganizing the group . 
  official dates + time is up on the page , if you guys are interested . 
  as for dlc , giulls is right , and all 3 hosts should have all the major dlc ( up to and including common sense ) installed for when the campaign starts !, 
  official date + times have been just been posted , by the way : `` the group will host 3 campaigns , each running on sundays , with each campaign running for approx . 
  c1/campaign # 1 : 7:00 am - 11:00 am ( pdt ), 
  c2/campaign # 2 : 1:00 pm - 5:00 pm ( pdt ), 
  c3/campaign # 3 : 6:00 pm - 10:00 pm ( pdt ), 
  each campaign will start on june 28th '', 
  we 've announced the official dates + time : `` the group will host 3 campaigns , each running on sundays , with each campaign running for approx . 
  c1/campaign # 1 : 7:00 am - 11:00 am ( pdt ), 
  c2/campaign # 2 : 1:00 pm - 5:00 pm ( pdt ), 
  c3/campaign # 3 : 6:00 pm - 10:00 pm ( pdt ), 
  each campaign will start on june 28th, 
  sign up here : '', 
  it did end up being 4 hours each , however . 
  official times have been posted above and on the steam group home page . 
  they should fit within almost every persons ' timeframe, 
  official times have been announced :, 
  `` the group will host 3 campaigns , each running on sundays , with each campaign running for approx . 
  c1/campaign # 1 : 7:00 am - 11:00 am ( pdt ), 
  c2/campaign # 2 : 1:00 pm - 5:00 pm ( pdt ), 
  c3/campaign # 3 : 6:00 pm - 10:00 pm ( pdt ), 
  each campaign will start on june 28th '', 
  hope to see you there  . 
  and in terms of choosing nations , we basically just want to give people the opportunity to reserve their nation of choice , in advance . 
  we 'll give everyone an opportunity to switch , when the dlc comes out . 
  as for the basetax-development level ... 
  i was n't aware of that , tbh , but i think we 'll stick with this system for now , and deal with that after the dlc comes out . 
  more info will available then , anyways . 
  you can pick any nation under 42 base tax . 
  so basically anything except, 
  ottomans, 
  france, 
  portugal, 
  venice, 
  poland, 
  burgundy, 
  tunis, 
  bohemia, 
  lithuania, 
  hungary, 
  golden horde, 
  otherwise , you can choose any nation that has not been already picked . 
  if theres still space , i 'm in !, 
  ironically i have exactly 249 hours played , but ill get an extra one in a bit , 
  i 'm afraid not : <, 
  that sucks . 
  it goes through the entire day for me ; i ca n't host at any other times . 
  sure , why not, 
  sure , we 'll be about 20 years into the game by then , though . 
  yes , but we 've only had to do this once , so far . 
  it 'd be best if you could make it to * most sessions , but it 's ok if you dont show up sometimes . 
  if you want to join us , there 'll be an announcement from the steam group a couple minutes before the campaign starts , with instructions . 
  ` fraid not ; you can play as a released nation , but only if it 's released from a nation within the development limit . 
  ( otherwise you could just cripple large potential threats like france by releasing vassals and splitting off . ), 
  navarra , athens , cyprus , and theodoro are all open , though i 'd advise against athens ; byzantium is a player . 
  haha , brave man . 
  glad to have you with us though , good luck !, 
  could i get pskov 's values ? 
   ( with the exception of pskov ), 
  damn right ; pskov 2 stronk . 
  cower before the great republic !, 
  pskov : https://www.reddit.com/r/empirepowers/comments/3caej6/claim_pskov/, 
  i recommend that you make a steam group for this game / add everyone who want to take place , in advance . 
  i host several regular eu4 campaigns , and very-often when you host a server it does not show up in the server list in eu4 . 
  joining by manually clicking ` join game ' on a player through steam friends or the steam group chat always works , however . 
  i look forward to seeing you all there , either way !, 
  serbia : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocw3fbqpqku, 
  / u/hugginator _ madden, 
  while our great republic sees no reason to alter our faith , we would be more than happy to grant you and your men safe passage . 
  despite our differing views , we are more than capable of seeing the muscovite war for what it really is ; not a war for the orthodox religion and its people , but as a war of aggression by the power-hungry beast that is muscovy . 
  while we might not see eye-to-eye on the finer details , we do not doubt your faith to our god . 
  we wish you all the luck in your campaign against the * heretic * . 
  if you didnt see the description already , i 'll re-type it here :, 
  `` could anybody help me out here ? 
  ; i started the game as an irish minor , and have just finished taking over the british isles ( took a while , but was very fun ) . 
  i 've finally wiped out all of england 's provinces , wiping them out as a nation . 
  i then culture-converted to english , and got the descision to `` form the english nation '' , which i did . 
  i was kinda hoping my government type would switch to that of the ` english monarchy ' , which gets a lot of unique features like the parlaiment , events , etc. 
  is there any way to do that ? 
  i 'd prefer to do it legit , but for the sake of theme , i 'd be willing to use console commands , too . '', 
  i 'll try it out . 
  maybe the ` english ' part will be automatically enabled when i switch to constitutional . 
  my plan is to form great britain , and culture-convert to irish . 
  i 'm gon na convert all the provinces in the british isles to irish . 
  the point was to have an irish gb , after all . 
  ah shit , you 're right !, 
  actually nope : theres a loop-hole . 
  if i form england , and culture-convert to irish ( release wales , and feed it until irish is dominant ) , i can still form gb through the `` form great britain diplomatically '' descision . 
  this lets me keep irish as my dominant culture , after which point i can convert all my english/scottish provinces to irish . 
  why hello there !, 
  yep , something tells me ottoscum will be completely erased by the end of the session . 
  kniaz vasiliy v breaths a long sigh of relief upon reading the letter just-received from the sejm . 
  though historically the pskov nation has had few ties with the commonwealth , it is clear to the kniaz that * unorthodox * measures must be taken during such times of strife . 
  while some members of the veche , upon hearing of this proposition , are hesitant to move away from their old ways , it soon becomes clear that this is the best , the only , course of action . 
  `` on behalf of the veche council and the proud people of pskov i graciously accept this guarantee . 
  signed , kniaz vasiliy v of the pskov republic '', 
  the republic of pskov does not recognize the authority of simon , the metropolitan of moscow .
