send her a facebook message or email or something . 
  just be like `` hey , i was n't poking fun at you or asking you to literally blow me or anything , it was a silly joke , and i really meant nothing by it '' . 
  could really smooth things out . 
  and , if she actually did go to hr , you could show them the email ( which you would have sent before you knew you were in trouble ) , which would also go a long way . 
  from experience , i 'd say we perform only under stress . 
  so technically , yes , but only because we 'd get nothing done otherwise . 
  i second this, 
  fuck your ottomans , look at that thriving theodoro !, 
  sorry for late reply ; yes !, 
  novgorod , and 1562 , but close enough, 
  yep , and the green african blob goes by the name of novgorod . 
  date is 1562 , however, 
  i 'm afraid sweden does n't exist ... after denmark full annexed livonian order , and buffed up its army , sweden did n't dare rise up and was integrated alongside norway . 
  norway was released by rebels some years down the line , though . 
  early game i no-cb ` ed granada , taking 1 province and making the rest a vassal . 
  in doing so , it let me core the granadan province i took , without being near it . 
  soon after , muscovy attacked me , and i gave them all the land surrounding my capital in russia ( you need to do this to move your capital overseas/far away ) , and moved my capital to granada . 
  from there could colonize cape verde , and subsequently brazil and africa . 
  i sold all the rest of my russian land to muscovy , after they un-rivalled me ( due to me getting so small ) , and lost my granadan land in a war with castile , but managed to escape to west africa ( capital is gold coast ) . 
  i 'm getting crazy revolt risk everywhere , but other than that , russian africa is the place to be !, 
  what a cunt : i, 
  as much as i 'd like to embrace this whole thing , it does seems , unfortunately , like one of those correlation does not equal causation situations . 
  me and some friends are going to host a multiplayer game every sunday , this summer . 
  hopefully we can get a decent amount of people to stick around for the summer . 
  if anyone 's interested in joining , check out the page :, 
  i 'm not sure how the long the campaign will take exactly , but we 'll probably go for 4ish hours each sunday , at speed 2 average . 
  should span most of the summer , if we do 1444-1821 . 
  in terms of at what times , we 're gon na try and accommodate the most amount of people , so i 'll figure out the time based on people 's individual preference . 
  if you 're thinking about it , what times would be best for you ? 
  in terms of at what times , we 're gon na try and accommodate the most amount of people , so i 'll figure out the time based on people 's individual preference . 
  if you 're thinking about it , what times would be best for you ? 
  i 've only just opened the page , so we 've only got a couple nations taken . 
  you can wait until more people sign up , to choose , but so far we have crimea , hesse , and kazan as people 's first choice of nation . 
  i 'll note that you 're interested in savoy , anyways, 
  yeah , most likely we 'll start at the end of june/start of july , when most people are getting off school . 
  and * 4ish * lol , i guess probably less . 
  we 'd like to get as many people as we can into this game , so the choice of nations was slightly limited to anything under 41 base tax ( basically anything weaker than bohemia ) , to prevent super-op nations from steamrolling other players . 
  if you 're still interested , could you post what times of the day would be best for you ? 
  haha , sounds fun . 
  alright , ill note the time anyways . 
  as for venice , they have 57 base-tax , but the hansa would work , sure . 
  ill send you a message with the exact time , whenever we get that all figured out, 
  the campaign will most likely be running on speed 2 , throughout , definitely no higher than speed 3 , so you should be good . 
  sorry to hear that : <, 
  common sense ? 
  either way , the exact start day has n't been decided yet -- sometime in mid-late june - early july . 
  if it happens that we start a week before you can join anyways , i 'm sure we can have your nation be protected , no problem . 
  ah , that 's right !, 
  i 've heard a lot about it , but i guess the name did n't stick . 
  yeah , i guess i 'll have to buy that , before the campaign starts . 
  and yeah , no problem , 
  i really do n't know what the restrictions are based on steam level . 
  as far as i 'm aware though , as long as you have the game , you should be able to join any multiplayer matches . 
  can you join the steam group ? 
  yep , alienerror is right !, 
  sorry for the confusion , i 've updated the requirements ( no dlc needed ! ), 
  we have n't decided on the time quite yet . 
  the sessions will start sometime between 7 am and 10 pm pst though . 
  ottomans to bulgaria could work , sure . 
  as for the basetax , it is strictly 41 . 
  it was gon na be lower , but i wanted to let people play korea ( 41 base tax ) , as they start off weakened anyways ( 2 tech level vs neighbors ' 3 ), 
  i 'm afraid ming has 438 base tax , lol . 
  41 base tax is the limit , yeah . 
  we have 20 + people already , any want to keep people from steamrolling eachother as enormous nations like ming . 
  sign up on the steam page !, 
  byzantium has been taken ( maybe by you ? 
  -- i have no way of knowing ) but serbia 's still open . 
  maybe ... 
  i ca n't garauntee your nation of choice protection for any longer than 2 weeks , but you could have the ai take over , while you 're away . 
  well we already have more than 25 who have chosen their starting nations . 
  and that 's just in 1 day !, 
  the campaign will start in about a month , so i imagine we 'll have a very large number of players . 
  maybe a hundred +, 
  if you have n't already , please post which nations you would like to play as most on the steam page . 
  if you have n't already , please post which nations you would like to play as most on the steam page . 
  nice !, 
  timezone should be fine , really from anywhere , as we 're gon na play on speed 2 most of the time . 
  if you have n't already , please post which nations you would like to play as most on the steam page . 
  you do n't have to be good at eu4 necessarily , but yeah the base tax is limited . 
  you can still play as some pretty large nations though , like ethiopia , sweden , etc , so you should survive granted you do n't choose an tiny nation . 
  the campaign will probably start some time in mid june - early july , so you still have a while to think , no worries . 
  seems like a high estimate , but we 'll see . 
  i wasnt expecting more than 10 people to join , and now we 3 times that in a day . 
  i 've posted for you , no worries . 
  you should get your first choice , if you 'll end up staying for the campaign !, 
  it 's fine that you cant join the chat , but keep a lookout for announcements , we 'll be posting the exact start time and date in the near future . 
  as the time/date has n't been formalized yet , you can expect that maybe a quarter or a third of players will simply not be able to show up , when it 's decided . 
  i imagine a small portion wo n't be able to keep up , internet-speed wise , and will have to leave as well , and some group members have n't posted in the starting nations thread at all . 
  in the end , you can expect about half the people in the group ( whatever total there may be ) will stay for the entire campaign . 
  this campaign ran smoothly at around 20-30 players , so i imagine we 'll be fine if the numbers do n't rise exponentially . 
  if they do , we might split it up into 2 games , yeah , or something along those lines . 
  sure , no problem !, 
  i 'll update the map in 15/20 mins, 
  as for the new tags , we 'll have a lot more information come june 9th , so i think i 'll hold off on posting anything about that . 
  when common sense comes out , and everything is more definite , ill make a second starting nations thread , where people who want to try out new tags can switch . 
  just updated the times and dates :, 
  `` the group will host 3 campaigns , each running on sundays , with each campaign running for approx . 
  c1/campaign # 1 : 7:00 am - 11:00 am ( pdt ), 
  c2/campaign # 2 : 1:00 pm - 5:00 pm ( pdt ), 
  c3/campaign # 3 : 6:00 pm - 10:00 pm ( pdt ),
