  you can easily defeat byzantium if that happens ; improve relations a bit , and you can get ottomans to support your independence . 
  otherwise , just find someone else . 
  in my game , i got genoa to support my independence , and that was enough . 
  byz didnt have time to get any allies and i declared and won . 
  make sure , if you 're going with genoa at least , to be the first guy on constantinople . 
  if genoa get there first , they wo n't transfer the occupation to you . 
  yeah , i really like the ideas actually . 
  i 've been mainly expanding into italy , so i think i will stay small for now and become a merchant republic . 
  sure , why not : https://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/3ppzt5/, 
  if anyone 's interested in how this campaign 's been doing , a decade in , i 've posted an update : https://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/3ppzt5/, 
  shit , they know my secret !, 
  * runs away, 
  no but in all honesty i have no idea why it says that , lol . 
  that 's pretty weird . 
  edit : i looked around a bit , and apparently its something to do with the ` back to the future ' 30-year anniversary . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/help/comments/3pnkg7/where_have_the_30_years_gone/ all posts are now showing up as '30 years ago ' for me too . 
  original post : https://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/3ploit/, 
  nope . 
  athens ' primary culture is lombard for some reason , and i never bothered to change it to greek . 
  whats the graphics mod ? 
  looks amazing . 
  thanks !, 
  not iraq/syria no ... you could , if the nation you 're releasing yourself from was within the development limit . 
  sorry ` bout that . 
  sure that 'd be fine . 
  which nation , in which campaign , were you looking to play ? 
  we give people ` protected status ' , wherein players can not attack them , if they are away for a session . 
  depends on how many people show up . 
  if there 's dozens of players in a game , we wont rehost until at least 3 or 4 of them desync , so maybe once or twice over 6 hours . 
  not sure yet , but probably . 
  you do n't actually !, 
  if the host has all the dlc , the players will get it too for that game , 
  yep, 
  all of them , including cossacks . 
  you can check for yourself !, 
  you 'll get your top choice if no one above you has it as their top choice . 
  otherwise you 'll get your second/third . 
  we have a 10/15 minute break in the middle , but yeah . 
  nope, 
  completely up to you if you want to join . 
  if your time is better spent studying , study . 
  we 'll still be hosting games after finals so you can join then . 
  [ rules for the sunday campaigns ] ( https://steamcommunity.com/groups/eu4multiplayersummer2015/discussions/3/530645446321206434/ ), 
  [ rules for the weekday campaign ( different ) ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/groups/eu4multiplayersummer2015/discussions/15/492378806373834561/ ), 
  take over all of south africa . 
  the sunday games are still open for signup , sure . 
  tues-friday are already underway tho . 
  1498 holy fuck, 
  is this in vanilla ? 
  dude i 'd be so down for that !, 
  canadian here , would love to visit new zealand and u.k. someday . 
  australia 's cool too . 
  more balanced this way . 
  if big nations are allowed then half the people will play large nations , and half will play small . 
  the larger nations will have a huge advantage over the smaller ones . 
  with a limit on dev , everyones around the same dev to start . 
  basic information : castille was put in a pu under great britain . 
  i got the option to contest it , and am now at war with castille , gb , and gb 's allies . 
  what do ? 
  edit : gb is warleader , wargoal is castille 's capital . 
  submitted a response . 
  would be cool if you sent me/posted a link to the results , whenever you finish the survey . 
  is there any big differences between sperms ? 
  will one particular sperm create one child , but another , from the same person , from the same ` batch ' , create a child with different traits ? 
  cause if so , and if the differences can be identified , this is starting to sound like one of those ` design your own baby ' ideas . 
  what has happened so far :, 
  started off by allying muscovy and declaring on ryazan . 
  i took tula and gave muscovy ryazan in exchange for favors . 
  golden horde went kinda crazy and declared war on 2 of its neighbors , so i declared on them and took like 8 provinces . 
  switched religion to sunni , because i had like 10 % religious unity at this point . 
  after that i declared on crimea and kazan ( alliance bloc ) , calling in muscovy with previously gained favors . 
  released astrakhan , and fed them all of gazikmukh . 
  got a pretty ridiculous coalition of every horde in sight , as well as ottomans and dulkadir , but i was expecting it . 
  what i was n't expecting was for dulkadir to be the one that declared the coalition war . 
  them being completely surrounded by ottomans and having pretty much nothing to do with me they did n't really want anything from the war , so i got off suuuuper lucky only having to release ryazan from tula . 
  i had been trying to get ottomans out of my coalition before this , and had improved relations a lot , so when their opinion flipped from ` outraged ' following the coalition war , it went to friendly , as opposed to neutral . 
  following a royal marriage , i was able to snag an alliance . 
  that 's pretty much where i am now . 
  kind of an incredible start , considering this had all happened in the span of 23 years . 
  tl ; dr : x20 'd my development , allied muscovy and ottomans , in 23 years as russian opm . 
  i 'm pretty sure the mouth and eyes are his own . 
  the rest look like cgi though . 
  cool !, 
  this is something i might actually go to , and i do n't really go to any events . 
  i 've been really impressed with sfu 's lack of sjws , considering the amount of universities in the us and canada that are having problems dealing with them right now . 
  yeah this is n't very funny . . 
  i love you . 
  not shattered europa, 
  wanted to form rome ; had all the prerequisites , but apparently you ca n't do it if you 're the holy roman empire . 
  settled on taking over all of europe , instead . 
  had to break a few truces , but managed to take every province by 1821 . 
  lol , yeah hungary really ruins the name placement . 
  i got a pu over them quite a long time ago , an i guess never got around to integrating them , kept hoping i would inherit their throne . 
  and by my first real game i meant the first one i actually finished . 
  i 've played many games in the past but this is the first one i 've actually seen through to the end . 
  i know right, 
  probably because he treats women like shit . 
  i mean even the women that say they had n't been physically abused agree that he was a piece of shit ; cheating on them all the time and being a pretty terrible boyfriend overall . 
  actually you 're all wrong , lol . 
  noreligion exists in the base game .
