  in 1936 , the city of seattle bought the property . 
  the city claimed there were around 100 burials on the property . 
  official county records report 494 graves although only 31 headstones have been found . 
  in 1954 , the city sold the northern half of the cemetery and expanded the road on the north side . 
  the city claimed the land contained no remains . 
  the north side was purchased by real estate developers who had to meet the demands of the post-war population boom . 
  researchers have found records of burials on the north side between 1895 and 1936 , which means several homes were built on top of graves . 
  most believe that the graves would n't have been so deep that the construction workers would have missed them . 
  so what happened to the bodies ? 
  cars . 
  a serial killer could pick up a prostitute on the south side of town , take her to his place in the northern suburbs 20 miles away , kill her , and dump her body in a forest 40 miles away , then drive back home . 
  he could travel 100 miles within a 12 hour span . 
  no traffic cams . 
  today , almost every busy intersection and freeway entrance has a camera . 
  these were n't there 40 years ago . 
  a killer could drive those 100 miles without a single image of his vehicle being captured . 
  homes were more affordable in the 1970s and 1980s . 
  it was easier for a single man in his 30s to buy or rent his own home . 
  in the 1930s and 1940s , the great depression made housing difficult to afford . 
  in the 2010s , having a full-time job and multiple roommates is not uncommon . 
  having one 's own home gives them privacy and a place to commit murder . 
  police practices were greatly improving . 
  multiple jurisdictions would talk to each other and make connections . 
  a murder in independence , missouri could be tied to a murder in topeka , kansas and to an attempted murder in omaha , nebraska . 
  police practices were not good enough . 
  even if police had connected the dots that a white male between 5 '10 and 6 ' 2 with a star tattoo on his neck and pierced ears had committed murders in independence , topeka , and omaha , they could n't test dna or fingerprints in a single database to find a match . 
  emma fillipoff, 
  we lived in the same city at the same time , so it was a big story when she went missing . 
  on the morning she disappeared , she went to the 7-11 that i would go to once a month to get minutes for my pre-paid phone . 
  she lived in the james bay neighborhood where i would go with friends on sunny afternoons . 
  she was just a normal girl in my city . 
  i could have easily passed by her on the sidewalk . 
  it really shows that anyone can go missing . 
  what are next week 's lottery numbers ? 
  note 1 : the maps do n't include the birthplaces of alexander hamilton ( west indies ) , susan rice ( washington d.c. ) , and elaine chao ( taiwan ) . 
  note 2 : there are many repeat states . 
  illinois was the birth state of both rahm emanuel and arne duncan , new york was the birth state of both donald trump and steven mnuchin , etc. 
  note 3 : yes , i know there were n't 50 states in 1789 . 
  i 'd be up to making one . 
  it wo n't happen overnight though . 
  posting this as requested !, 
  some notes :, 
  the maps do n't include the birthplaces of alexander hamilton ( west indies ) , susan rice ( washington d.c. ) , elaine chao ( taiwan ) , henry kissinger ( germany ) , and many other cabinet members who were born in washington d.c. or overseas . 
  there are many repeat states . 
  illinois was the birth state of both rahm emanuel and arne duncan , new york was the birth state of both donald trump and steven mnuchin , virginia was the birth state of both william henry harrison and john tyler , etc. 
  i 've omitted john tyler , millard fillmore , chester arthur , calvin coolidge , and lyndon johnson as their administrations were nearly identical to the ones created by their predecessors . 
  yes , i know there were n't 50 states in 1789 . 
  i 've posted a more comprehensive time lapse at the link below . 
  drain the swamp of turtles . 
  i was jogging about four blocks from my house . 
  a beagle ran after me and bit me on the inside of my right knee , piercing the skin , and blood trickled down my leg . 
  the dog ran around after that , so i had no idea what house it came from . 
  i went to the clinic that evening and got antibiotics . 
  the teeth marks healed pretty quickly . 
  a couple years later , my mom and i were walking down the same street . 
  the same dog runs after me . 
  this time , i kick it and it runs away . 
  a neighbor witnessed this and found the owner of the dog and gave him an angry verbal warning on my behalf . 
  now that i knew their address , i reported the owners to animal control . 
  they said they could not respond unless there were more than three complaints . 
  the owners ended up moving a year or so later . 
  louisiana had a cabinet member under carter . 
  it looks like louisiana joins montana , wyoming , hawaii , and rhode island in only appearing once . 
  as far as i can tell , south dakota , nevada , and alaska are the only states that have never had one of their own in the executive branch . 
  although with george mcgovern , harry reid , and sarah palin , those three states have certainly influenced national politics . 
  enjoy being banned from r/sweden, 
  how solid is the evidence that he died on impact ? 
  could he have survived until the hour before his rescue ? 
  i 'm originally from washington and i 'm optimistic . 
  washington has 39 counties . 
  a little over 50 % of the population lives in just four counties ( snohomish , king , pierce , and thurston ) . 
  there are slightly less people in the remaining 35 counties . 
  those four counties always go blue . 
  the remaining 35 counties usually go red . 
  in 2016 , washington voted 54 % democrat , 46 % republican . 
  in 2012 , washington voted 51.5 % democrat , 48.5 % republican, 
  in 2008 , washington voted 53 % democrat , 47 % republican, 
  in 2016 , the democratic candidate for governor , jay inslee , got 1.76 million votes . 
  hillary clinton only got 1.74 million votes . 
  200,000 democrats decided to not vote for hillary . 
  if it were n't for four counties , washington would be as red as alabama . 
  so here 's how the four counties could change :, 
  seattle has become a sanctuary city and washington has become a sanctuary state . 
  there was a shooting at a shopping mall in burlington by a non-citizen who was found to have been registered to vote . 
  there have been numerous cases of non-citizens getting priority and scholarships to universities over citizens . 
  there have been numerous cases of agriculture companies hiring illegal workers . 
  the tech industry has surged in the seattle area . 
  amazon , microsoft , boeing , and dozens of start-ups have centered their operations in or near seattle . 
  amazon is often seen as a villain , especially by thousands of laid-off employees from sears , macy 's , kmart , and other retail giants that have been unable to compete with amazon . 
  microsoft and boeing and the other start-ups attract professionals from all over the state , the country , and the world . 
  they are taking jobs washingtonians believe could be theirs . 
  between immigration , job growth , and high birthrates , the population of the greater seattle area has surged . 
  and there is n't enough real estate to meet the needs of the growing population . 
  it 's not unusual to pay $ 2,000 a month to share an apartment with one or more roommates . 
  and a 2,000 square foot house with no yard , view , or garage can easily get listed for over $ 1,000,000 . 
  people are leaving the city . 
  ( like me ! ), 
  the mayor of seattle is an alleged pedophile , with three men coming forward this year , claiming to have been raped by him in the 1980s . 
  the mayor 's office tried to discredit these men , but a document from 1984 was found , showing more evidence of assaults in oregon . 
  there a literal socialist on the city council .
