  wikipedia page for the church of st. sava in new york city :, 
  guardian article on the fires in melbourne and sydney :, 
  daily telegraph article on the fire in sydney ( includes news video that plays automatically ) :, 
  cbs article linking the three fires :, 
  the left is outraged that cities , buildings , and universities are named after white men who owned slaves or supported slavery . 
  where is their outrage that a city is named after a native american man who owned slaves he captured from enemy tribes ? 
  my great-grandfather was willem van der hoeff who moved to the united states from rotterdam . 
  i was looking into his ancestry and found a site that claims his grandfather , august eggert , was born in stettin ( szczecin ) , present day poland . 
  all the other information ( names , birthdates ) matches what my great-grandfather wrote and what my great aunt has told me . 
  does this site look authentic ? 
  do i have to tell my 90 year old great aunt that she is n't half dutch and that 's she 's 1/8th polish ? 
  were marriages between someone from the middle east or africa and someone from europe common ? 
  was there stigma against these couples ? 
  were julius caesar and cleopatra considered an `` interracial '' couple ? 
  my grandmother 's great-grandmother was ambrosia wickwire ( 1858-1894 ) . 
  according to a book published in 1909 ( genealogy of the wickware family ) , she was descended from john wickware ( 1656-1712 ) who started a prominent family in connecticut . 
  according to this book , the wickwares ' earliest known ancestor is thomas wickware ( 1499-1568 ) of wiltshire , england . 
  according to multiple public family trees , ichabod wickwire ( 1713-1764 ) married deborah fairbanks ( 1719-1762 ) . 
  her ancestry is traced to jonathan fairbanks ( 1594-1668 ) who came to massachusetts from england in 1633 . 
  his life is well-documented and his house still stands as the oldest-surviving wooden house in north america . 
  the earliest recorded ( on a public family tree ) fairbanks ancestor is edmund fairbanke ( born 1415 ) . 
  i have serious doubts about many of these names and dates . 
  one family tree will list a person born in 1594 , another will say they were born in 1595 . 
  one family tree will claim a man was over 80 years old when his daughter was born . 
  some have parents dying decades before the birth of their child . 
  i 'd be incredibly grateful if anyone could substantiate the names and dates listed in the dozens of public family trees of the wickwire/wickware and fairbanks families . 
  can i afford a car or will i take a train or bus ? 
  will it be difficult to book a hotel room or get served at a restaurant in small mid-western towns ? 
  will i carry lots of cash with me or can i go to a bank ? 
  how long will it take to get to seattle ? 
  what will it be like applying for a job and finding housing in my new city ? 
  i was at a rally for adrian dix and the ndp at the university of victoria in 2013 . 
  after dix spoke , the candidates stayed and chatted with people for the next hour or so . 
  john horgan , who i had never heard of before , was talking to my roommate at the time , who was from kelowna . 
  after they talked , horgan came over to talk to me . 
  * paraphrasing , of course *, 
  horgan : so are you from the interior , too ? 
  me : no , i 'm actually from seattle . 
  horgan : oh , but you live in canada now ? 
  me : yeah , i 'm here on a student visa studying political science and german . 
  horgan : so you ca n't vote here then . 
  me : no , but i -, 
  horgan : * walks away from me mid-sentence *, 
  enjoy your new premier , british columbia !, 
  hopefully he listens to you better than he listened to me . 
  three year old jaryd atadero disappeared while hiking ( alone ? ), 
  on a steep trail through the dense woods of roosevelt national forest in colorado in october 1999 . 
  his father allyn , who owned the lodge they were staying at , let jaryd go for a short hike with some adults and his 6 year old daughter . 
  at some point , jaryd became separated from the adults and his sister . 
  he eventually ran into a group of fishermen who talked to him for a little while then let him head back alone . 
  ( why ? ), 
  after this , he was never seen again . 
  search and rescue was immediately called . 
  with the trail clearly marked and many people on it that day , jaryd 's father and the adults who were in charge of his safety expected him to be found in a matter of hours . 
  it was n't until june 2003 that clothing , teeth , and skull fragments were discovered and later matched to jaryd by dna . 
  his remains were found off a part of the trail marked `` strenuous . '', 
  the case was featured on the most recent episode of the vanished podcast . 
  in the podcast , the host interviews the father , allyn . 
  maybe it 's just me , but allyn 's commentary is ... unusual . 
  he is deeply religious , which i respect , but he claims that his late son has tried communicating with him through coded emails , moving furniture , and other supernatural phenomenon . 
  sure , a large percentage of people believe in the paranormal and losing a child will make someone want to believe even more . 
  but the father seems to spend a lot of time telling people all the ways they can buy his book : amazon , kindle , paperback , hard cover , etc. 
  the book describes allyn as `` no ordinary christian '' who uses his `` uncanny spiritual strength '' to find out what happened to his son . 
  he seems really eager to make a little profit from his tragedy . 
  furthermore , allyn promotes many conspiracy theories : that jaryd was abducted by a park ranger and taken to mesa verde national park on the other side of colorado , killed , and then returned to roosevelt national forest ; that the dna test was fabricated by police and that no teeth have really been found ; that jaryd 's clothing was inside-out when he arrived at the scene ( suggesting a molestation ) but refolded back to normal when official photos were taken ; that jaryd was abducted by occultists or government pedophile rings ; that a man from the local police called him saying the police were keeping secrets from him about what really happened . 
  the book calls police officers and investigators `` charlatans '' and calls allyn a `` follower of christ '' who must stand up to their evil obstruction of justice . 
  in addition to aggressively plugging his own book and moral righteousness , allyn atadero is proud that his son 's story has been featured in david paulides ' `` missing 411 '' series , which claims bigfoot has abducted people from public lands and the federal government is covering it up . 
  in my opinion , the neglect from many adults led to the horrific death of a child barely past a toddler . 
  jaryd fell off a cliff after allyn 's friends ( and the fishermen ) let him out of their sight . 
  there is no conspiracy . 
  allyn seems to be blatantly exploiting his son 's death to generate a fictional thriller which he can sell as a book , yours for only $ 86.79 on hardcover or $ 39.39 on paperback !, 
  [ i was originally going to post this on askhistorians , but it deals too much with recent decades , so i think it might be better here . ], 
  the national socialist movement promoted the supposed superiority of the european body and classical european art and rejected supposed degeneracy like modern art and unhealthy bodies . 
  leni riefenstahl 's propaganda film `` olympia '' opens with statues of ancient greek athletes morphing into modern germans . 
  it encourages 20th century europeans to reach the physical standards of health and beauty established 2,000 years before . 
  the lean , muscular men and women have no body hair or tattoos . 
  they are the embodiment of the national socialist ideas of genetic perfection . 
  hitler youth videos similarly show adolescents training for peak physical appearance . 
  notice again how their skin is blemish-free . 
  in 1941 , the world recognized the 150th anniversary of mozart 's death . 
  nazi germany commemorated the composer by featuring him on four new postage stamps distributed in occupied czechoslovakia and austria , which showed concert halls mozart played at , implying prague and vienna have always been part of germany 's cultural realm . 
  mozart was even made an honorary posthumous member of the nazi party . 
  in 1942 , while glenn miller 's `` i 've got a gal in kalamazoo '' was topping the charts ahead of billie holiday , frank sinatra , ella fitzgerald , bing crosby , the nazi government funded a feature film version of johann strauss 's 1873 operetta `` wiener blut . '', 
  while the allied countries were in the age of jazz and big band , nazi germany was trying to revive classical music with its simple , pleasant melodies . 
  while they doing this , they also sought a revival of classical architecture , painting , sculpture , and other forms of fine art . 
  the nazis believed in the conspiracy that many international industries were controlled by the jews . 
  this included the alcohol industry . 
  because of this theory , imported alcohol was discouraged . 
  nazi drug and alcohol policy was actually pretty lax , with access to hard drugs such as heroin and cocaine relatively easy . 
  excessive use of drugs and alcohol , however , was strictly punished . 
  in the 1930s and 1940s germany , severe alcoholics were sterilized to not pass on these genes . 
  despite having severe alcoholics of german ethnicity , the head of the racial policy office of the nazi party believed that `` oriental people lacked self-control '' and that is why alcohol had to be banned by islam and opium addiction so problematic in china . 
  he believed that the german people , on the other hand , were intelligent enough to moderate their usage of drugs and alcohol . 
  further undermining this claim , addiction to amphetamines such as pervatin was common among pilots , soldiers , and other nazis whose jobs required long , strenuous hours . 
  some scholars allege that even adolf hitler himself was a methamphetamine addict . 
  while propaganda publicly showed germans as a healthy , drug and alcohol-free society , there was really a narcotics epidemic . 
  fast forward to the modern neo-nazi movement . 
  there are prominent american white nationalists like forrest fogarty , who claims to have become a nazi at the age of 14 ( in the early 1990s ) after being bullied by minority classmates in his los angeles high school . 
  he is covered in tattoos : a viking , a celtic cross , an american flag , a skull and crossbones , the ss logo , etc. 
  he is also the lead singer of a punk rock band attack , which was inspired by another neo-nazi punk rock band , skrewdriver .
