  we have no widespread subway or light rail system like major cities which expanded in the 19th century do . 
  we expanded in a post-world war ii , cold war , consumerist , everybody buy a car , public transportation is for commies environment . 
  so we 're stuck with gridlock in a metropolitan area of 2 million with an infrastructure designed for 500,000 . 
  as someone who worked as a painter and landscaper to pay for college , graduated college , has $ 10,000 in debt , and continues to work as a painter and landscaper , i agree 100 %, 
  maybe what i dislike about hillary more than how left she is or how right she is , is how her views change on a monthly or yearly basis . 
  ( same with trump . ), 
  i do n't know what hillary 's real position on oil pipelines is . 
  i do n't know what trump 's real position on abortion is . 
  i 'd feel better with sanders and santorum as the nominees because they 're principled and their positions rarely change . 
  you can read excerpts from a speech sanders gave last week on socialized medicine and excerpts from an essay he wrote in 1966 on socialized medicine and it 's the same message . 
  you can hear santorum speak to a crowd in 2015 about the sanctity of marriage and hear him speak to a crowd in 1994 about the sanctity of marriage and his message is also the same . 
  with hillary and trump , you do n't know if what they supported yesterday will be what they 'll support next week . 
  i have more respect for someone who sticks to their morals than someone who alters their platform to be more appealing . 
  if i had a casual conversation with a co-worker and said `` mexicans are criminals , drug dealers , rapists ... and some of them , i assume , are good people '' i could get written up . 
  if i had a disagreement with a female customer and told my boss that it was her fault probably because she was menstruating , my boss would lose respect for me . 
  i should hope we hold presidential candidates to higher standards than entry level retail employees like myself . 
  ba in political science . 
  and i minored in german . 
  still considering grad school in germany . 
  if you look at the pictures of him on wikipedia , one with his mother and one with his father , he 's making the same gesture with his right hand . 
  probably nothing , but was n't sure if anyone had noticed that before . 
  this version loops and fades out nicely so it 's a little more enjoyable . 
  still irritating to not know the song writer or performer though . 
  ( forgive me mods if this follow-up question is not allowed . ), 
  how well funded and organized was the republican party in 1860 ? 
  the party was less than a decade old . 
  it had only put forward one presidential candidate before , john c. fremont , who got crushed in 1856 , earning only 33 % of the popular vote . 
  interestingly , lincoln won the presidency with only 39.8 % of the popular vote but a majority of electoral votes . 
  if possible , i 'd also like to know whom republican donors supported before 1856 ( whigs , third parties ) and if political commentators thought the party would survive as long as it has . 
  i loved reading when i was a kid . 
  i read all the harry potter books , the entire series of unfortunate events , pendragon , spiderwick chronicles , the tripods , and plenty of other books . 
  but i take my time when i read . 
  i savour each page , sometimes have to go back to remember details about a minor character , and when i 'm over 80 % through a book , i kinda do n't want it to end . 
  so the competitiveness of ar ( read as many books as you can , get as many points as you can ) made reading often feel like less of a hobby and more of an obligation . 
  also , there were some books that were n't on the ar list that i read . 
  a few of us read the da vinci code when it came out and then found out it was n't on the list because it was considered too controversial . 
  i also read our endangered values by jimmy carter and that was n't on this list either . 
  so even though i read those two books above my reading level , my teachers had to tell me to only read books on the list . 
  i still love reading . 
  at 23 ( nine years since my last ar test ) , i just finished the big burn by timothy egan and now i 'm reading the casual vacancy by j.k. rowling . 
  but i even though i think reading is a great activity for kids and adults , i think standardized reading goals is more negative than positive . 
  book reports were so much better , in my experience . 
  with ar , you spend hours reading a book , take a two minute quiz , and then you move on . 
  with book reports , you spend hours reading a book , then another hour or two reflecting on themes of the book to draft a 5 minute speech to your class and create a poster or bring an object for a display , and then present a summary of the book to your class , which develops public speaking skills . 
  i read a biography of thomas jefferson in fourth grade and i cut out an outline of the state of virginia with green construction paper and drew a picture of monticello . 
  much more fun and engaging than a two minute test . 
  all about following the rules and obeying the chain of command . 
  one time an assistant manager gave him permission to ring up an item under another associate 's number so she would get commission on it while she was busy with another customer . 
  the cashier calls the store manager during a meeting , tells him the assistant manager asked him to ring up an item under another employee 's number which is against the rules . 
  store manager is just like `` yeah . 
  it 's fine . 
  whatever . '', 
  assistant manager rolls her eyes . 
  i work at sears . 
  during a transaction one time , a guy was paying with a chip card when he asked me what time the store closes . 
  i tried to say `` you can remove your card '' and `` the store closes at 9:00 '' simultaneously which resulted in `` you can remove your close . '', 
  `` i own a small infant '', 
  could you have phrased that better ? 
  thankfully his wife was talking to him at the same time so he could n't really hear me anyway . 
  what happens when you remove the key from the ignition while traveling at 60 mph ? 
  do you come to an instant stop or do you gradually lose speed ? 
  i can relate . 
  i took pictures of a couple celebrities who were filming a tv show down the street from my university . 
  one went viral on tumblr , with users making gifs and memes out of it , reposting it with their own captions , even creating a hashtag for it . 
  despite the dozens of notes each of their posts got , i 'm still at around 120 likes on my photography page on facebook . 
  where i ca n't relate to you , however , makes me more sympathetic to you . 
  i took paparazzi-style photographs of people i do n't personally know doing their job on a set . 
  you took photos of your friends with their consent at an event you were invited to . 
  so you have the rights to your photos . 
  i might have violated some privacy rights when i took mine . 
  i had a roommate who asked if mount rushmore was man-made . 
  bean me up , scotty !, 
  grace slick , fran\u00e7oise hardy , lana del rey , caren carpenter , florence welch , adele , ann and nancy wilson , the boswell sisters ( probably # 1 ) , the andrews sisters , helen forrest , beyonce , etta james , sallie ford , clairy browne ... 
  i 'm sure i could list 20 more , but let 's stop here before i 'm late to work . 
  if you go to chinese restaurant owned by a chinese family or a mexican restaurant owned by a mexican family , then yes , you can expect to speak only mandarin or spanish during your entire visit at that restaurant . 
  in a department store in a city without a large immigrant population , the expectations are different . 
  true . 
  we get a lot of angry customers who only speak english . 
  thank you for pointing out that i 'm still polite and patient , even if i ca n't make a sale . 
  and i completely get that english classes are n't available around the world . 
  where i 'm lost is on how someone can move to a country , find a job , purchase a home , and buy expensive appliances for that home while not learning phrases like `` thank you '' and `` how are you ? '', 
  we have a chinatown and a little saigon in our city . 
  plenty of restaurants and grocery stores , but no department stores which sell major appliances . 
  are you serious ? 
  you think there will be a big box store rivaling walmart , sears , lowes , and home depot solely for customers who do n't speak english ? 
  the french for thank you is merci . 
  i learned that when i went to france for a week when i was 11 . 
  if i can learn the word for thank you when i go somewhere for a week , they can learn the word for it when they move here permanently . 
  excellent point !, 
  i know that when my company hires in miami , san diego , houston , etc they prefer applicants fluent in both english and spanish . 
  in my suburb north of seattle , it 's about 80 % white . 
  i 've also been to remote cities in alaska where indigenous languages are still more commonly used than english . 
  but we do n't have stores there . 
  did you not read what i wrote ? 
  i respect all customers and i never disregard customers . 
  it looks so small from this angle . 
  it 's huge on the inside with five decades worth of memorabilia . 
  when i visited in 2006 , it was cold and rainy . 
  glad you got to see it during a beautiful sunset . 
  thank you for this well-structured , thorough response !,
