  but we have some customers who are clearly on drugs , some who have turned violent ( we 've had the same window punched twice in the past three months ) , and some who are just scary looking ( obese middle aged woman wearing a wedding veil and sweats/adult man in a my little pony t shirt and kilt/guy in a trump shirt harassing asian customers ) . 
  i ca n't imagine being in home service and having to visit any of their houses . 
  blackbird was written about the civil rights movement and black empowerment . 
  how did manson interpret it ? 
  i do n't think this gaffe is as bad as mitt romney referring to syria as `` iran 's route to the sea . '', 
  johnson did n't know the name of a city of two million people in a country we are unofficially at war with . 
  romney implied a belief that iran , a country he would be open to officially going to war with , is landlocked , when it is really on the persian gulf with direct access to the indian ocean . 
  personally , i would rather have a candidate who says `` what is aleppo ? '', 
  and informs himself on the situation before making any gut decisions , than a candidate who would say `` after 4 years as secretary of state , i know that we need to bomb aleppo harder with more air strikes '' or a candidate who would say `` i will be the worst thing that aleppo has ever seen . 
  i will lead a tremendous military invasion and we will beat them badly . '', 
  in high school , we used to play ` the hitler game ' after school . 
  you hit random article and had to get to adolf hitler 's wikipedia page in 5 clicks or less . 
  i was close with my grandma , who was born in 1925 . 
  she was close with her great-grandmother , who was born in 1850 . 
  it 's weird knowing that i 've had conversations with someone who had conversations with someone who was a teenager during the civil war . 
  as a current sears employee , i really want to apologize for the terrible customer service . 
  i 'm usually the only employee in three departments ( tools , lawn and garden , and fitness ) . 
  so if there 's someone looking for a lawnmower , someone looking for a set of screwdrivers , and someone looking for a tent all at the same time , i can only help one of you . 
  god forbid someone comes by with a cart full of clothes from the other side of the store . 
  then i have to ring up ten shirts while mrs. lawnmower and mr. tent wait for me . 
  our return policy is 30 days . 
  and that 's if we can prove you paid for it within the last month by either looking you up in our rewards program or by seeing your receipt . 
  you got the item as a gift ? 
  too bad . 
  i am not allowed to return it for you . 
  i ca n't even give you store credit . 
  our signs all over the department that say craftsman tools have a lifetime warranty ? 
  very misleading . 
  our hand tools ( wrenches , pliers , screwdrivers , tape measures , etc ) have lifetime warranties . 
  that sander or drill you drove 75 miles to replace for free ? 
  you have to pay $ 100 for a brand new one . 
  the average employee at my store stays about six months . 
  you will most likely talk to an employee still in training or still learning where items are . 
  it 's amazing how many times a week cashiers page me asking where extension cords or duct tape or flashlights are . 
  they have no idea what items are 20 feet away from them . 
  need to get your lawnmower or weed whacker or leaf blower repaired ? 
  we will send you to a place 10 miles away that has no affiliation with sears . 
  need that garage door opener installed or barbecue delivered to you ? 
  another company will do that . 
  and good luck getting them to show up the day you schedule for them . 
  you 've been browsing sears.com but wanted to come into the store to see the item in person ? 
  great !, 
  the item was $ 129.99 online and is $ 159.99 in store ? 
  we ca n't match that price . 
  you can either buy it here now for the extra $ 30 or buy it online and wait about two hours for it to get processed through our systems so you can pick it up . 
  we used to be an american icon . 
  the sears tower ? 
  no longer owned by sears . 
  the flag neil armstrong planted on the moon ? 
  an american made flag sold by sears . 
  want an american flag from sears now ? 
  you have to buy it online from a third party company that manufactures them in china . 
  but really , i hope you enjoy your visit to sears . 
  but do n't expect me to push your cart out to the parking lot for you . 
  i did that a few times during my first few months there . 
  we do n't even own the parking lot outside and got told by security and management that leaving company property while on the clock was grounds for termination . 
  anyway , thank you for letting me serve , delight , and engage you while you shop your way !, 
  as an edmonds resident , i 've run into him several times . 
  great guy . 
  he 's very active in in the community , attending local festivals and charity events and patronizing local , independent businesses . 
  i also ran into him in tallinn , estonia in 2010 when he was filming an episode there . 
  i 'm moving to germany next month and it 's good to know that if i need ideas for day trips or weekend adventures , i can pick up a book by someone from edmonds to guide me . 
  luxury, 
  my great-great grandparents ' house is still standing in astoria , on cedar street near tongue point . 
  i love the city of astoria . 
  almost every building downtown was built before 1930 and is maintained to look brand new , so you feel like you 're walking back in time . 
  if i have the money and the house goes on the market , i would love to retire in astoria and live my grandpa 's grandparents ' home . 
  i read that in christian bale 's voice . 
  was n't this the plot of 10.5 ? 
  except president beau bridges gave a speech at the end saying that although the united states was split in two , we remain united . 
  a young couple came into where i work a couple weeks ago to buy a car seat for their toddler using a financial waiver letter from the state . 
  the wife was pregnant with their second child . 
  they could n't afford to protect one child , so now they 're having another . 
  my first memory . 
  haha . 
  i 'm sick today , but i 'm leaving for work in about 20 minutes to start an 8 hour shift . 
  there are five of us in charge of four departments . 
  two are on vacation . 
  none of us can work more than 40 hours a week . 
  if i call out , four departments are going to be vacant for half the day . 
  i took a class in college with a professor who was an expert on the trafficking of indigenous women in canada . 
  she claimed many of the women did n't see themselves as prostitutes until interrogated by outsiders . 
  usually along the lines of :, 
  are you a prostitute ? 
  do you get paid for sex ? 
  do you have sex with john doe and other men he introduces you to ? 
  yes . 
  does john doe pay your rent and give you money for groceries , drugs , etc ? 
  yes . 
  so he gives you lots of money and has you have sex with men ? 
  yes . 
  but you 're not a prostitute ? 
  so ... in the voice of gilbert gottfried ? 
  the opposite happened when i was in catholic school . 
  when i was in 7th or 8th grade , there was a girl in 1st or 2nd grade who was constantly being bullied . 
  the girl 's parents were very active in the parish and even paid a large percentage to remodel the plaza between the church and the school , with a fountain and benches . 
  the parents demanded the teachers , principal , and priest do more to address bullying in the school . 
  nothing significant was done , so the family switched parishes and they never donated to the school or church again . 
  `` danny is n't here right now , mrs. 
  torrance ! '',
