  i 'm not talking `` nancy pelosi is a socialist '' socialist , i mean a legitimate member of the socialist party socialist . 
  she has convinced the rest of the council to adopt many of her policies which have backfired . 
  so now once moderate democrats are now tied to socialism . 
  the $ 15 minimum wage is one policy that has backfired . 
  since the policy was adopted , small businesses , family-run restaurants , and independent stores have been forced to close . 
  people are reluctant to start businesses and beloved one-of-a-kind places have closed or sold to conglomerates . 
  people unemployed by these businesses will blame minimum wage increases for their situation . 
  there is a growing asian and hispanic population . 
  as we 've seen in 2016 , many visible minorities are conservative . 
  if they come from mainland china , vietnam , or cuba , they will be opposed to far-left politics . 
  if they are catholic , they will support traditional family values . 
  if they are from pakistan , cambodia , or korea , they will oppose big government and corruption . 
  the democrats have held the governor 's seat since 1985 . 
  in that time , seattle has become unaffordable , crimes like immigration fraud and voter fraud have gone unpunished , local politicians have committed unacceptable acts both sexually and politically , small towns are struggling to survive , good jobs are disappearing , and the state is losing its identity . 
  i could see the liberal bubble either popping or getting denser , with conservatives able to become the majority in the state , swinging the state red again . 
  the article claims the women 's cell phones have been taken away and that they can not leave the home without r. kelly 's permission . 
  laundry laundering . 
  from 1840 to 1960 , every president elected in a year divisible by 20 died in office . 
  1840 : william henry harrison elected ; dies of pneumonia in 1841, 
  1860 : abraham lincoln elected ; assassinated in 1865, 
  1880 : james garfield elected ; assassinated in 1881, 
  1900 : william mckinley re-elected ; assassinated in 1901, 
  1920 : warren harding elected ; dies of a heart attack in 1923, 
  1940 : franklin roosevelt re-elected ; dies of a stroke in 1945, 
  1960 : john f. kennedy elected ; assassinated in 1963, 
  1980 : ronald reagan elected ; shot but survived in 1981, 
  it was n't this . 
  neither of these . 
  but thanks for trying . 
  were they the bodies of three year old children or were they bodies of adults that had been ignored for three years ? 
  it happened to the police chief of my small town in 2006 . 
  he was driving home and crashed and died . 
  then it happened to a 13 year old boy at my school in 2007 . 
  he complained about a headache then went into a coma and died a week later . 
  i 'm deeply terrified of aneurysms now . 
  do n't carpool with ted kennedy . 
  go to any university in north america . 
  if you go driving in rural western states , you 'll see metal signs put up by the government like you do anywhere else `` speed limit 25 , '' `` $ 500 fine for littering , '' `` click it or ticket , '' etc. 
  and these signs are often damaged by bullet holes . 
  it 's usually just country folk venting against the government . 
  in moderate cases , it 's just a drunk redneck making a statement that taxes are too high . 
  in extreme cases , it 's a person like timothy mcveigh or david koresh sending a warning . 
  timothy mcveigh only got caught for the oklahoma city bombing because he forgot to put license plates on his getaway car and was pulled over 60 miles from oklahoma city . 
  if he had remembered to put the license plates on , he might have gotten away and the largest domestic terrorist attack might have remained unsolved . 
  it would n't surprise me that an anti-government individual or group would want to send a message through an attack on a substation , but remain unknown . 
  the people who shoot speed limit signs remain anonymous . 
  mcveigh wanted to remain anonymous . 
  they do n't want fame , they just want the government to feel vulnerable and afraid . 
  99 % sure they 're all dead at the bottom of the atlantic . 
  the real mystery is why after this , 9/11 , and the malaysian plane it is still possible for someone in the cockpit to turn off the gps tracker . 
  i 've deleted my cookies and the problem has n't returned . 
  as a gay trump supporter , i absolutely support this decision . 
  people who claim to be trans are mentally ill and should not be given access to weapons . 
  they have no grasp of reality and are more likely to be predatory or imbalanced . 
  i 'm a proud member of the lgb community . 
  the t can go to canada or venezuela or whatever leftist paradise they want . 
  what 's chris christie doing so wrong ? 
  i was misgendered as a woman with an a cup bra , but i identify as a woman with a dd cup bra . 
  the pentagon needs to pay for my breast implants or they are violating my human rights . 
  but it was her turn !, 
  his name was seth ri -, 
  oh sorry , wrong sub . 
  to liiive like a refugee !, 
  thank you !, 
  this is a great answer . 
  i did n't think that the airport is under federal , not municipal , jurisdiction . 
  there was a 1982 novel ( and 1988 miniseries ) called a very british coup where a socialist becomes leader of the labour party . 
  after becoming prime minister , he breaks apart monopolies , removes us military bases from the uk , and bans nuclear weapons in britain . 
  he then gets accused of being a soviet spy , but is able to prove his innocence . 
  the anti-brexiters are stealing ideas from 35 years ago !, 
  let kamala harris be the mike dukakis of 2020 . 
  juan francisco l\u00f3pez-s\u00e1nchez will be her willie horton . 
  google is alphabet now !, 
  he has a 6 point lead against the incumbent democrat too ... 
  i saw them at a charity concert in seattle in 2010 . 
  they 're so down to earth and laid back . 
  and the year of death that was 2009 : michael jackson , farrah fawcett , bea arthur , billy mays , ted kennedy , walter cronkite , natasha richardson , patrick swayze ... 
  yup . 
  i used to work at the sears in lynnwood , washington . 
  someone drove to our store to ask for the phone number for the sears in ellensburg . 
  i pulled out my phone and googled it . 
  she got very upset that i resorted to google . 
  it sounds even better in don knotts ' voice . 
  youtube is owned by google and google has never done anything wrong . 
  like with a cloth or something ? 
  the main characters of armageddon are named harry and truman and they solve their conflict with nuclear weapons . 
  it 's as bad as the dictator in v for vendetta being named chancellor adam sutler . 
  what have we always said is the most important thing ? 
  family, 
  they get a pass for walking slow if they stick to one side . 
  if they walk slow in a line of 4 and block everyone behind them , they get a trip to dr. kevorkian . 
  [ turtle rock , hawaii ] ( http://www.hawaiiforvisitors.com/images/oahu/attractions/kekepa-island-02-usgs-starr-500x324.jpg ) standing by !, 
  he could post a video of himself shooting a guy in 5th avenue ... 
  and i still have new age , progressive friends on facebook who often post osho quotes as if he 's gandhi or mother teresa . 
  he was a bioterrorist cult leader !, 
  not sure why you 're getting downvoted . 
  that 's pretty much what was implied . 
  it 's the most logical answer . 
  i 've visited newtown , ct many times between 1997 and 2011 . 
  my aunt , uncle , and cousin live there .
