  beautiful town with over 300 years of history . 
  it 's heartbreaking that the city is a household name for this tragedy . 
  you 're getting downvoted because no one wants to talk about it . 
  but in the past six years we 've had : a truck driver terrorist attack in berlin , the frankfurt airport shooting , an attack on a train in w\u00fcrzburg , a suicide bombing in ansbach , the bombing of a sikh temple in essen , a mall shooting in munich , a terrorist plot foiled in chemnitz and leipzig , a surge in rape cases in the ruhr valley , a stabbing last week in leipzig , and many more acts all committed by refugees . 
  yup . 
  but he gave them up when lincoln issued the emancipation proclamation . 
  native americans also led armies against the united states : tecumseh in 1812 , sitting bull in 1876 , geronimo from 1858 to 1886 . 
  while they did n't fight for slavery , their actions could be labeled as treason . 
  i had a conversation on facebook last night going back and forth on this . 
  my friend 's argument was that no one really feels threatened or intimidated by statues of seattle or montezuma , whereas african-americans feel threatened or intimidated by statues of confederate generals and antebellum southern statesmen . 
  i believe honoring slave owners is unacceptable regardless of race or contemporary emotions . 
  \u2206 excellent point !, 
  you ca n't commit treason against a country of which you are not a citizen . 
  i 'm wondering where we should draw the line . 
  jefferson davis bravely fought and took a bullet for the united states in the mexican-american war , served as us secretary of war , and oversaw the establishment of the transcontinental railroad and the smithsonian museum . 
  however , he became president of the confederacy and commander-in-chief of an army that fought against the united states . 
  thomas jefferson drafted the declaration of independence , became an intellectual leader of the american revolution , became a top diplomat , served as the first secretary of state and second vice president before becoming president , purchased louisiana territory from france , and ordered the lewis & clark expedition . 
  however , he also had 130 slaves at the time of his death ( including 4 that were his own children !! ) . 
  why should we remove statues of jefferson davis but keep statues of thomas jefferson ? 
  yes , there was no basis of racial superiority for seattle 's and montezuma 's practices of slavery . 
  seattle was a salish indian who owned other salish indians . 
  montezuma was an aztec who owned other aztecs . 
  even without a belief in a racial hierarchy , one person owning another person is wrong . 
  that 's my main point . 
  that * might * have been true for montezuma . 
  absolutely not true for seattle and vann , who lived in the 19th century . 
  i feel that this is the beginning . 
  now it 's removing monuments and renaming streets , university halls , buildings , etc that honor confederates . 
  if the social justice trend continues , washington , jefferson , jackson , etc will be next . 
  at my alma mater , they renamed a building because the original namesake , a pioneer who died in 1904 , referred to native americans as `` savages '' in his writings . 
  benjamin franklin also called natives savages . 
  columbus called them `` timid '' and `` naive . '', 
  if the political correctness narratives continue at this pace , we 'll see the names of columbus , ohio ; columbia university , the columbia river changed and benjamin franklin will be removed from the $ 100 bill as well as the from the names of countless schools , cities , counties , and roads . 
  \u2206 solid points . 
  intent should be considered above impact . 
  some say the confederate statues erected in the 1920s were intended to promote white supremacy . 
  others say they were erected to honor the sacrifice of confederate soldiers who fought and died for state sovereignty over a distant government . 
  the statues of seattle and montezuma were intended to honor native americans . 
  the native american statues were put on public display with good intentions . 
  i ca n't say that with the confederate statues . 
  \u2206 giving you a delta because you 've corrected one part of my statement . 
  the us is n't removing memorials . 
  local governments are . 
  also , it should be a democratic decision in each case . 
  there should n't be a federal blanket rule . 
  this is rape !, 
  i did . 
  until october 2016 . 
  now i 'm in more conservative territory . 
  washington has 39 counties . 
  4 of them are very densely populated and overwhelmingly left-wing . 
  the other 35 counties are actually very conservative . 
  there just happens to be 3.8 million people in the seattle-everett-tacoma-bellevue metro area and only 3.2 million people throughout the rest of the state , so we go blue in every election . 
  berlin really stands out . 
  a metropolis of almost 4 million people surrounded by the emptiness of brandenburg . 
  i always feel sad when i remember that obama 's grandmother , who helped raise him because his mother worked and his father abandoned him , died two days before he was elected president . 
  do you know where this was taken ? 
  is that rock formation still there ? 
  this is really insensitive , but it looks like this is going to turn into that oak island show . 
  each 45 minute episode will be dedicated to digging a ten foot wide hole or waiting for dna results of a bone fragment or talking to a supposed eyewitness . 
  and at the end of the episodes , there is nothing in the hole , the bone belongs to an animal , and the eyewitness is a phony . 
  but stay tuned for the next episode . 
  maybe we 'll have a breakthrough then . 
  link ? 
  he 's a friend of a friend . 
  he finished up university and is focused on his new non-porn career . 
  i minored in german in university and took a course on the holocaust . 
  the professor invited two holocaust survivors to speak to our class . 
  the second survivor was asked if he still felt hatred towards anyone who has committed genocide or murder . 
  he said , `` i do n't hate anyone , not even a muslim . '', 
  there were students in the class who were very offended that this 94 year old man who survived auschwitz singled out muslims as violent people . 
  it has a penis so it 's probably a woman . 
  it was great !, 
  i took four years of german in high school , so i started at the 200 level freshman year of university . 
  i 've been living in leipzig , germany since october and working as an english teacher here since january . 
  i majored in political science . 
  feel free to pm me . 
  so glad i do n't live in canada anymore . 
  the 2002 disappearance of lisa marie young from nanaimo , british columbia . 
  lisa marie young left a party with a man she had just met at around 3:00 a.m. 
  the man , driving a red jaguar , promised to drop her off at home after stopping somewhere to get food . 
  around 4:00 a.m. , lisa called her friend who was still at the party saying the man had driven her to an unknown house and that she was uncomfortable . 
  this is the last time she was heard from . 
  the driver of the red jaguar was identified . 
  he was the grandson of a `` prominent member '' of qualicum beach , a nearby town . 
  despite being questioned by police , he was released and has not been charged . 
  this happens to buildings all the time around seattle . 
  they 've been building them really fast and cheap on drained wetlands , hillsides , and near creeks . 
  the church we went to was built over an unmapped creek and the aisle in front of the altar flooded during a remodel . 
  the condo complex my dad lived in settled during the nine years he lived there . 
  there are severe cracks in the walls and the carpet had folds in it that were n't there a few years before not only in my dad 's old unit , but in the units of our friends in other buildings . 
  the rapes and murders committed by dean corll and his two teenage accomplices . 
  corll would use the teenage accomplices to befriend other teenage boys and lure them back to his house . 
  corll would then give his victims drugs and alcohol , making them think he was a cool older friend . 
  once the boys were intoxicated , he would strip them naked , tie them to a homemade torture board , and sexually assault them . 
  he would do this for days until he would either strangle or shoot his victims to death . 
  he would then wrap them in plastic and bury them in different locations . 
  the aspect of the case that really made me feel sick was how rhythmic it was . 
  corll would demand a new boy , the accomplices would find one that day , corll would rape the boy for three to four days then kill him and bury him . 
  a month later , corll would demand another boy .
