this picture was n't just taken by any `` jewish photographer , '' but by alfred eisenstaedt , one of the most prolific photojournalists of the 20th century . 
  he is perhaps best known for his photograph of the man and woman kissing in times square on v-j day in 1945 . 
  does anyone know the name of the photographer ? 
  what 's the source of this photo ? 
  the resolution is spectacular !, 
  i ca n't find a source for this photo . 
  all searches take me to pinterest , blogspot , and other sites like that . 
  any help would be nice . 
  i 'd love to see more of this photographer 's work . 
  they just passed a bill like this a couple years ago in washington state . 
  wish all 50 states would adopt this policy . 
  i own a biography of john c. fremont , the explorer , politician , and abolitionist , which was published in 1856 . 
  on the first page , `` thomas dow , china '' is handwritten in the upper right corner . 
  when i saw this , i figured the book was owned by someone who lived in the country of china . 
  then i looked up thomas dow in the 1860 us census , which resulted in one person living in china , maine . 
  after further research , i learned the city of china was a quaker community which served as a safe haven for fugitive slaves in the decades before the civil war . 
  in the most recent census , china has a population of just over 1,000 people . 
  i learned all the presidents in order in 2nd grade ( washington through clinton ) . 
  still know them all now , with bush and obama added to the list . 
  do n't let me down . 
  i never got into it . 
  john is shouting more than singing and the lyrics belong in a bubblegum pop song or a flight of the conchords song , not on the final album of the world 's greatest band . 
  however , billy preston 's keyboard playing still makes it worth listening to . 
  i worked for a company that had a facebook page similar to these . 
  they claimed that people had visible auras , with varying colours that represented personality traits and that ancient civilizations communicated across continents through psychic powers . 
  i got paid $ 15 an hour and sometimes my lunches were paid for , so i never called out how crazy the things i got asked to post were . 
  i had one high school teacher who said that there were no living beatles and that sharia law was legal in several us states . 
  and another high school teacher who said 9/11 happened in 2004 and got mad at us when we corrected her . 
  reminds me of the discovery of vivian maier 's photographs . 
  who knows how many boxes of unprocessed negatives are out there , waiting to be developed into iconic images of 20th century americana . 
  farmer boys . 
  restaurant-style food but a fast food atmosphere . 
  really good quality meals served right away . 
  they 're pretty popular in southern california . 
  43907 northeast grist mill road, 
  woodland , washington 98674, 
  i saw ringo in concert in 2008 , paul and dave grohl in 2013 , billie joe armstrong in 2005 , and beck in 2014 . 
  each concert on its own was amazing . 
  it 's unbelievable to watch them all ( along with stevie wonder , brian wilson , and other legendary artists ) on one stage in this video . 
  the people who saw this in person in cleveland last night are very lucky . 
  listen to miley cyrus 's covers of `` jolene '' by dolly parton and `` you 're gon na make me lonesome when you go '' by bob dylan . 
  she has a great voice on both . 
  wikipedia has a lengthy article on the history of `` ok . '', 
  there does n't seem to be a consensus on the origins of the words `` okay '' or `` ok , '' but there is speculation that it may come from choctaw , greek , or a west african language . 
  i took german in high school and our teacher said that in english `` i '' is capitalized and `` you '' is not while in german `` sie '' is capitalized and `` ich '' is not , because german speakers care more about others than themselves while english speakers care more about themselves than others . 
  he was joking , of course . 
  the irma lerman-mermann murder turned the bird 's word lurid ... 
  this boy , she 's leaving home , i feel fine , help , girl , what you 're doing , the night before , and nowhere man . 
  just to be rhetorically accurate , congress would not be overriding the federal appeals court decision which recently ruled that unwarranted phone surveillance is illegal . 
  only the supreme court can override this decision . 
  a more fitting phrase might be `` congress is set to defy a court ruling . '', 
  john - hello little girl ( he sounds so much like his idol , buddy holly ), 
  paul - i 'm down ( shows his roots as a blues-rock musician ), 
  george - something ( one of the most beautiful songs ever written ), 
  ringo - with a little help from my friends ( we do n't care if he sings out of tune ), 
  you are ann , right ? 
  `` this is my gift to you , our audience . '', 
  there 's also a gas station between kingston and hansville that has a dozen or so carved wooden trolls . 
  best picture i could find online : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-pv0mmhziwiy/uekixqvqfgi/aaaaaaaaak4/jwpb5ohnuza/s1600/dscn0109.jpg, 
  ghosts ? 
  on my pc ? 
  rose tyler - * vanishes *, 
  it still works with stu sutcliffe in the line up , but not with pete best . 
  unbreakable kimmy schmidt, 
  really unimpressive , uninspired piece of construction . 
  it reminds me of this apartment building near my house that 's supposed to look like a tuscan village . 
  it reminds me of alfred eisenstaedt 's iconic photograph of joseph goebbels . 
  `` no documentation verifying this story has yet surfaced . '', 
  probably a made up story by someone who 's never even been to tokyo . 
  as a seattle resident , i remember this being on the cover of the seattle times a couple years ago . 
  i 'd forgotten about it . 
  thanks for bringing it up again . 
  how did he survive nine months eating only unnoticeably limited amounts of food he was able to steal from the kitchen and without going downstairs to use the bathroom while someone was there ? 
  not an `` extreme '' joke , but in the rule of threes episode tracy calls up betty white to check if she 's still alive . 
  i 'm glad betty was a good sport about it , but it 's sad to remember that she ( unlike kenneth ) is n't immortal . 
  i opened it up and to my surprise, 
  there was a werewolf standing there with glowing gold eyes, 
  i had no idea the actor who played dr. caplan passed away . 
  i thought you were mistaken until i googled it . 
  he also played the dad in blank check , which was one of my favorite movies as a kid . 
  i got a picture of this door from almost the same angle when i visited suomenlinna in 2010 . 
  yours turned out better though , 
  surprised to see this on the conservative subreddit . 
  the issue of eminent domain for private use seems like an issue that transcends the left-right ideological divide . 
  despite being a news junkie and poli sci student , i had n't heard of this supreme court case before . 
  thank you to the op for sharing this article . 
  as someone who 's lived in communities where affordable housing is difficult to find , i 'm appalled that the government can purchase homes in low income neighborhoods and sell it off to companies building luxury condos , sports arenas , etc. 
  i can see both conservatives and liberals becoming outraged by this ruling , with conservatives believing that a person has a right to protect their private property , especially their home , and liberals believing that big business and the wealthy can be threats to the stability of the middle class . 
  it would be lovely to see this ruling overturned someday . 
  christ , you know it ai n't easy . 
  it , meaning geopolitics . 
  i saw b.b. 
  king in concert at a winery in 2000 and ringo in concert at the same winery in 2008 . 
  although i 'm a fan of both artists , i never knew they performed together . 
  thanks for telling me about this album !, 
  my dad works in marketing for a biotech company . 
  they started out very small , with maybe 10 full-time employees . 
  the products the company has helped develop are similar in essence to the air pump : new invention , great advancement in health care , broad market , high profit expected . 
  when the company acquires a patent and fda approval for a product ( which takes several years ) , they seek as many high profile investors as they can to help mass produce and perfect the product , with the ultimate goal of selling it to as many hospitals , clinics , laboratories , etc as possible . 
  these investors include multinational corporations , government agencies in multiple countries , and private ( multi-millionaire ) individuals .
