  i do n't consider encompass right-wing , just realistic . 
  a student government is n't going to force a national banking corporation to lower its interest rates on ( and especially not forgive ) student loan debt . 
  so far , previous uvss members have just made students spend even more money covering the costs of picket signs , markers , megaphones , and other tools for protesting . 
  i do n't like this , but i love `` goodnight tonight . '', 
  i was expecting `` mrs. vandebilt '' when i clicked the link . 
  i can never get that one out of my head . 
  eastern washington has palouse falls , dry falls , the grand coulee dam , the columbia gorge , the palouse hills as well as charming small towns like toppenish and dayton . 
  i live in seattle , but i wo n't let anyone get away with saying eastern washington is not that interesting . 
  and under british rule , harare , zimbabwe was salisbury , rhodesia . 
  just my opinion verging on conspiracy theory , but i do n't think trump is actually racist . 
  his current wife and ex wife are immigrants . 
  he makes deals with business leaders from asia , the middle east , latin america , and all over the world and treats them with respect . 
  he just `` love [ s ] the poorly educated '' and knows how easy it is to manipulate them for votes . 
  i do n't think it 's too different from hillary clinton saying she 's felt the presence of the holy spirit guiding her throughout her career . 
  i doubt hillary believes it , but she knows gullible evangelicals will vote for her if she says things like that . 
  there 's a huge difference between saying ` mexicans are taking your jobs . 
  vote for me and you 'll all have jobs ' and enslaving other human beings and subjecting them to brutal labour and torture . 
  i did n't know trump criticized jon stewart for not using his birth name . 
  since john oliver rose to fame on the daily show , i can see why oliver would make such a big deal about drumpf . 
  great point !, 
  instead of saying donald trump was trumping the competition , they 'd say donald bob was bobbing up and down in the polls . 
  headline writers often look for puns . 
  here 's john lennon 's original demo for help , as a slow , mournful ballad . 
  edit : this is an audio recording from the 1970s , at least five years after help was released . 
  thank you for letting me know !, 
  i 'll edit my comment . 
  i do appreciate you bein round . 
  the piano solo in `` in my life , '' the intro to `` strawberry fields forever , '' the orchestral sections of `` yesterday , '' `` i am the walrus , '' `` a day in the life , '' and `` good night . '', 
  yes , just little masterpieces here and there ( and everywhere ) . 
  this , and the singer building , the schwab house , the pulitzer building , and other masterpieces torn down and replaced by generic rectangular towers . 
  i have around 500 facebook friends , but it feels like half my feed is just bernie posts from just 2 guys i went to high school with who each post several times a day . 
  i 'm an american and i attended the international student welcome during my freshman year ( 2011 ) . 
  i loved it !, 
  i met friends from germany , thailand , denmark , poland , japan ... and i still keep in touch with them . 
  welcome to uvic !, 
  eli5 : how did this building made of wood not burn to the ground with electricity flying everywhere ? 
  `` the mailbox was haldeman ! '', 
  i googled that statistic . 
  muslims do make up 5 % of the population of belgium . 
  i could find about 20 right-wing blogs that say muslims consume 40 % of welfare in belgium , but no sources from the belgian government or mainstream outlets . 
  could someone verify this statistic ? 
  one of my biggest concerns is outsourcing . 
  i work for a well known department store which sells many items made in china . 
  i get an earful on at least a weekly basis from customers who complain about how these clothes , tools , appliances , etc used to be made in america and could still be made in america . 
  sanders and trump have been the most vocal about losing factory jobs to the third world . 
  hillary supported nafta , which sent jobs to mexico . 
  cruz and kasich have n't made outsourcing a central feature in their platforms . 
  sanders has suggested raising taxes on companies that outsource to encourage them to stay domestic . 
  trump claims he has a history of making successful deals and will make more to bring jobs home . 
  hillary seems more interested in her corporate donors than unemployed factory workers . 
  i do n't consider an elderly socialist from vermont or a reality tv star to be presidential , but they might be more genuine than career politicians . 
  we were both born on september 16 , 1992 . 
  i was born at 5:04 p.m. pacific time . 
  what about you ? 
  while capture by soviets or americans is one avenue to explore , capture by germans is another . 
  benito mussolini was captured by partisan communist italians in 1945 and executed as an act of vigilante justice . 
  similarly , muammar gadaffi was beaten and stabbed to death by residents of a small town in 2011 . 
  it would n't be far fetched to suggest that if adolf hitler and eva braun had refused to commit suicide and tried to flee berlin on foot , german civilians would turn on them , killing the man who promised them freedom and bread , but instead left a capital city in ruins filled with starving people . 
  i met an auschwitz survivor who was orphaned by the time the camp was liberated . 
  he was raised by a jewish couple in sweden . 
  everything spuds_mckenzie posts is so dramatic and flamboyant , it just makes me want to set myself on fire . 
  a few probably just oddly coincidental dreams that i 've had :, 
  when i was nine or so , i had a dream that i was at the dinner table with my parents , watching tv , and an actress came on and i asked `` who is that ? '', 
  my parents replied in unison , `` that 's sharon stone . '', 
  a day or two later , my parents and i are at the dinner table , watching tv , and an actress comes on that i vaguely recognize and i ask , `` who is that ? '', 
  my parents reply in unison , `` that 's sharon stone . '', 
  i froze . 
  around the same time ( third grade ) , i had a dream that i was on a school field trip and my friend paul came up to me and told me michael jackson died . 
  during the summer between my sophomore and junior years in high school ( 2009 ) , i went on a school trip to austria . 
  one morning , paul , the same guy i went to elementary school with , knocks on the door of our hotel room , and asks `` did you hear who died ?!, 
  michael jackson ! '', 
  in february 2001 ( i remember , because it was the same week as a big earthquake we had ) , i had a dream that i was traveling down the oregon coast and our car broke down . 
  my great-uncle , who i had met maybe three times total in my life , pulled over and offered to give us a ride to a service station . 
  this was a distant relative i barely knew . 
  i do n't know why he entered my subconsciousness . 
  the day after this dream , my great-uncle died . 
  so i had three vivid dreams between 2000 and 2002 which still disturb me a little . 
  i 'm a big zombies/argent fan . 
  had n't heard `` i must move '' before . 
  thanks for sharing this song , even if you do n't know how the song was shared with you . 
  if you buy a demonstration kit when you join , will they pay you back at the price you paid for it or will they pay you back as the price increased due to inflation , demand , etc ? 
  if it 's the second one , i 'd like to out-con amway . 
  i 'm not anyone who would call themselves an enthusiast of ufos or extraterrestrials , but i much prefer unresolvedmysteries posts like this over the dozens of posts about raped and murdered children that show up in this sub . 
  i dated a guy in my sophomore year of college ( i was 20 , he was 19 ) . 
  he lived with his parents , who would call him every hour or two asking where he was , what he was doing , who he was with . 
  so watching a 90 minute movie with him meant getting interrupted at least once by a phone call . 
  he lived about a 30 minute drive from campus , but he had no desire to learn how to drive and there were no busses that went to his neighborhood out in the suburbs . 
  so he got chauffeured by his parents everywhere . 
  one day , he , my roommate , and i got lunch and he said `` this is so weird eating out at a restaurant without my parents . '', 
  i broke up with him shortly after that . 
  how did bin laden get access to israeli spy software ? 
  peter phillips , queen elizabeth ii 's oldest grandchild . 
  if you do n't want these buses , seattle , we 'll gladly take them in snohomish county . 
  my great uncle visited harry truman 's house in the late '70s . 
  as he was walking towards the front door , secret service rushed in . 
  bess truman still lived there . 
  or re-form as foxboro hottubs . 
  opened this thread looking for chicago . 
  i saw them in concert in ... 2014 ? 
  they were awesome !,
