  agreed . 
  i work in a department store and i 've seen customers wearing `` new york fucking city '' t shirts and similar clothes when there are children around . 
  we 've never asked them to leave . 
  this was one of the first songs i learned to play on guitar when i was 13 or 14 . 
  underrated early song . 
  live and let * firework * * firework *, 
  live and let * firework * * firework *, 
  there 's the lyric `` love in the 90s is paranoid . '', 
  in their concerts since 2000 , they 've been singing `` love in the 90s was paranoid . '', 
  i saw him in 2013 . 
  each concert i 've been to since then ( cheap trick , chicago , beck , modest mouse ) has just felt kinda meh in comparison . 
  nobody competes with paul . 
  the was a guy at my college who ran across the quad like this . 
  would you like to yell at the moon cheese with buzz aldrin ? 
  after killing the president and having his face on the cover of every major newspaper ... yes . 
  george h. w. bush was born in massachusetts and george w. bush was born in connecticut . 
  let 's say prescott bush 's career follows the same path it did in real life , serving as connecticut senator in the 1950s and 1960s . 
  why would his northerner children and grandchildren emigrate to the csa ? 
  also , you have lbj serving as president until 1975 . 
  he died in 1973 in real life . 
  maybe without the stresses of vietnam , the failure of the great society , and the struggle to fulfill jfk 's legacy , he would have lived longer . 
  could be a random moment of lucidity . 
  when my grandpa was in hospice in southern california , he would sometimes know that he was in california in 2009 , but sometimes thought he was in seattle in the 40s or st louis in the 70s . 
  he overheard somebody asking for the fastest way to get from los angeles to san diego and he perfectly gave directions on which highways to take , which exits to take , and how long it should take . 
  yep . 
  i went from living in the suburbs and working in the city to living in the suburbs and working in the suburbs . 
  i 've gone from driving three hours a day to driving less than 30 minutes a day . 
  i 'm making a little less money ( and spending less money on gas ) but i 'm so much happier and i have an extra two hours of leisure time per day . 
  i am not a carooook . 
  i went to spain with a school group in 2010 . 
  we had a layover in frankfurt on the way . 
  when we got off the plane there , she said something like `` welcome to france ! '', 
  we turned to her and said , `` you do know we 're in germany , right ? '', 
  she insisted that frankfurt is in france until one of us pulled out a map . 
  are you sure he was n't referencing `` forget paris '' ? 
  a friend of mine just told me about how a co-worker demanded their boss turn off the wifi because the signals were giving her headaches . 
  `` what do you like about living in switzerland ? '', 
  `` well , the flag is a big plus . '', 
  i had a friend in junior high who thought black guys have black semen . 
  the chicken man ? 
  has anybody who made this video even seen a chicken ? 
  i used to live in saanich , british columbia , which is in the riding ( equivalent of congressional district ) represented by elizabeth may , the leader of the green party of canada and the only green mp in canada 's house of commons . 
  she was elected with an 11 % margin in a five-person race in 2011 and re-elected with a 35 % margin in a four-person race in 2015 . 
  i 've met ms. may several times and met many activists and volunteers within the green party of canada . 
  although i was a volunteer for the conservative club at my university , i was always struck by the intelligence and fact-based reasoning of the green party . 
  i thought they had no clue about foreign policy and certain domestic issues , but when it came to energy usage , the viability of sustainable energy solutions , the ethics of domestic renewable energy over foreign fossil fuels , and finding a balance between conservation and consumption , they were very sharp . 
  the green party was able to win by a wide margin in my city because their candidate remains ambiguous on many issues and gets people to think she is on her side . 
  she remains pretty silent on vaccines and `` chemtrails '' so people hear what they want to hear based on vague language . 
  she identifies as a feminist while saying that all of god 's creation must be protected , so pro-choice and pro-life voters claim her for themselves . 
  people right of center like that she supports free market entrepreneurs in the solar and wind industry who present an alternative to oil from islamic countries . 
  people left of center like that she is a powerful voice for environmentalists , women , and the lgbt community . 
  now living in the us and often finding trump and clinton unbearable , i considered voting green . 
  but the more i 've heard of stein and baraka , the less i 'm reminded of may and canada 's greens . 
  while may does n't have clear positions on many issues ( appealing to both rational voters and fringe nuts ) , stein takes clear anti-science positions ( appealing primarily to the fringe nuts ) . 
  may does n't publicly agree with the conspiracy theorists , but she does n't deny them either , maintaining a careful limbo . 
  stein agrees with the conspiracy theorists , ruining her chance for credibility with evidence-based voters . 
  depending on who you ask , the first pope on us soil was pius ix , who boarded the uss constitution when it was docked in italy in 1849 . 
  just read that entire article . 
  i have no words . 
  i almost feel exhausted . 
  the graphic detail and thinking about how the trio were able to repeat the assaults over and over again really just left me empty with little faith in humanity . 
  but i guess you answered my question . 
  please understand if i do n't feel like saying thank you . 
  my username is actually the name of my first pet and the name of the street i live on . 
  i 've never seen the show dexter , though i 've gotten plenty of comments from people assuming i 'm a fan . 
  what a fun coincidence . 
  our dexter was a black cat my parents had before i was born . 
  there are pictures of him watching over me as a baby . 
  we had him until i was 7 . 
  i got in trouble for pointing out that a world map in one of our textbooks was incorrect . 
  it had different countries shaded in different colors ( let 's say the us was green and canada was red ) . 
  the book had everything south of the st. lawrence river ( new brunswick , nova scotia , pei , and that part of quebec ) as part of the us . 
  the teacher told me i should focus on the assigned reading and not stare at the pictures . 
  edit : i remembered another incident with that teacher . 
  we had a class subscription to time for kids ( a children 's edition of time magazine ) . 
  in one issue , it had a quiz with pictures of notable figures from the year . 
  so it had george w. bush , tony blair , saddam hussein , and others . 
  the teacher quizzed us one by one to see how many people we knew . 
  we got to one that stumped the class except me , who said it was kofi annan . 
  the teacher said no , it 's denzel washington . 
  when we checked the answer key a couple minutes later , it turned out it was , in fact , kofi annan . 
  there 's a life or death emergency !, 
  better write an urgent email . 
  `` i ca n't remember . . 
  i ca n't remember how it goes ... '' - jack donaghy, 
  laverne and shirley https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrmkzxhmzwo, 
  the munsters ( revived by fall out boy ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofcnvh2e-6a, 
  urusei yatsura ( the artist is unknown . 
  it 's also unknown why a japanese anime chose an italian theme song . ), 
  i had a friend in high school whose dad was a commercial pilot and a history buff . 
  on their top floor , they had several large model airplanes ( maybe three feet long ) hanging from the ceiling and on top of shelves . 
  in the basement , they had a nazi flag and a ussr flag , along with books on wwii scattered about . 
  i was initially shocked by the swastika as i entered their basement , but i guess my friend 's dad 's obsession with hitler , stalin , fdr , and churchill was just like his obsession with model planes : harmless . 
  i 'm sorry , you ca n't just say `` one guy had a zebra '' and move on . 
  he had a zebra as a pet ? 
  did it live outdoors ? 
  was it comfortable ? 
  is that a legal pet ? 
  i work at sears too , but in a store . 
  most of our customers are fantastic , polite , friendly , normal people .
