  follow up question : were arrows manufactured within the castles ? 
  if not , how were they transported and did any weapons get stolen en route ? 
  there was an instance in seattle eight or so years ago . 
  ( i tried to google it , but `` man shot by police seattle jogger '' came up with too many irrelevant results . ), 
  there was a robbery in the belltown neighborhood of seattle one morning and the police were looking for the suspect . 
  a man ran past the officers , and the officers shot and killed him . 
  he had nothing to do with the robbery , but was a jogger at the wrong place at the wrong time . 
  this should be the slogan on arkansas tourism brochures . 
  when i wrote for my university paper , we published in print once a week . 
  after i left , they started printing every other week . 
  they must have a big budget and high readership at um if they 're printing twice a week . 
  america : this is my uncle , sam berenstain . 
  gosh . 
  time flies . 
  i saw him in concert when he was 68 . 
  feels like last week . 
  i doubt that walter mondale had any major effect on the 1976 or 1980 elections . 
  in 1976 , americans voted against the party of watergate and against gerald ford , the man who pardoned nixon . 
  in 1980 , americans voted against the administration that failed to release hostages in iran . 
  unless sanford had any ties to watergate or skills that would have led to the release of the hostages , carter would have still been elected in 1976 and rejected in 1980 . 
  additionally , i do n't think the average american in 2012 knew or cared that joe biden was from delaware and paul ryan was from wisconsin . 
  the people voted for the incumbent president who bailed out the american auto industry and ordered the execution of osama bin laden over the former one term governor of massachusetts who laid off thousands of employees as a businessman and left the 2002 olympics in debt . 
  the home states of the vp nominees were not major factors in voters ' minds . 
  ruth is the 8th book of the bible , so i 'm going to assume you mean 8th grade . 
  bring a jacket . 
  `` five is right out . '', 
  her story was on the front page of the seattle times a few years ago , which brought it into national attention . 
  i do n't think any major updates have been made since then . 
  her name pops up pretty often on r/unresolvedmysteries with a wide range of theories but really no evidence . 
  a tragic case . 
  i really hope the family gets answers . 
  we 're in similar boats . 
  you 're from michigan . 
  i 'm from washington ( the state ) . 
  obama won michigan by 9 % in 2012 . 
  obama won washington by 15 % in 2012 . 
  it is safe to assume hillary clinton will beat donald trump by similar margins in these two states this november . 
  i 'm a moderate . 
  early in the 2016 election cycle , i was drawn to george pataki ( the former three term republican governor of deep blue new york ) and martin o'malley ( who had 16 years of executive experience as mayor of baltimore and governor of maryland ) . 
  i disliked hillary , bernie , trump , cruz , rubio , carson , and other remaining candidates and felt disillusioned . 
  then along comes the libertarian ticket , led by a two term former republican governor of a blue state ( gary johnson ) with the former republican governor of another blue state ( bill weld ) as his running mate . 
  they have the executive experience and bipartisanship that drew me to pataki and o'malley . 
  i am sure clinton will carry my state . 
  the only question is whether she carries it by 10 % or 20 % . 
  and i would rather vote for clinton than trump ( in a way that i would rather vote for jessica simpson than charles manson ) . 
  because of clinton 's odds , i feel safe to vote for the johnson/weld ticket . 
  my slightly preferred major candidate will still win , but i can vote with my conscience and heart by going with the libertarians . 
  if you or i lived in north carolina , missouri , indiana , or another swing state , however , we should reluctantly vote for hillary , because trump could carry any of these states by one vote . 
  in solid blue states like washington and michigan , though , where the election results are projected on cnn ten seconds after the polls close , we 're safe voting for a third party . 
  i guess i 'm not attempting to change your view personally , but attempting to tell people with your view in nevada , ohio , florida , and other swing states that not voting for hillary could push trump to victory in those states and get him the 270 electoral votes to make him president . 
  i should note that polls change frequently and are prone to inaccuracy . 
  kerry only beat bush in michigan in 2004 by 3 % . 
  if trump starts to poll within the margin of error with clinton ( as could happen with older , white , blue collar workers who want to make detroit 's auto industry `` great again '' ) then please vote for clinton . 
  if you get a chance , listen to the cover of this boy by sean lennon ( john and yoko 's son ) and rufus wainwright . 
  they hit the `` til ... he sees you . . cry-hi-hi-hi ... '' perfectly . 
  it 's been mentioned many times that her letters were filled with incoherent ramblings . 
  the family and the police have read it . 
  i was thinking `` revolution 9 '' was the last song on the album , so i was bracing myself for 9 minutes of horror . 
  forgot it 's really `` good night . '', 
  even backwards , it 's beautiful . 
  fast forward to the debates ... 
  trump : crooked hillary supported the invasion of iraq . 
  now look , folks , back in , back in 2003 , i said this was going to end badly . 
  i said it would be a tremendous failure . 
  i was right . 
  hillary was wrong . 
  if i had been in charge , america would already be great again . 
  hillary : your running mate supported the invasion . 
  i did too , but i have evolved on the issue as i accepted new information . 
  gary johnson : neither i nor my running mate supported the invasion of iraq . 
  is that a dare ? 
  he had n't performed live for an audience since appearing during the encore of an elton john concert in 1974 . 
  but when he was killed , he was preparing to release double fantasy and start touring again . 
  he was getting ready to un-retire . 
  i was going to say `` what about the assassination of rabin ? 
  or the oklahoma city bombing ? 
  or monica lewinsky ? '', 
  but i double checked the years on each one . 
  rabin was killed in 1995 , oklahoma city was bombed in 1995 , and lewinksky worked as an intern 1995-1996 . 
  so you 're right , i could n't think of anything important in the late 90s . 
  our dining table was purchased by my grandparents when they married in 1946 . 
  the lamp in my bedroom that i have on now is also from the 40s or 50s . 
  i have an 1891 harper 's weekly magazine with a centerfold panorama of seattle framed and hanging just to my right . 
  there 's a 48 star american flag from world war ii hanging above me as well . 
  the oldest thing i own is a book published in 1829 , but i do n't use it or look at it every day . 
  there was a death about five miles from my house which was ruled as a suicide but most locals say had to be a murder . 
  it happened within the past year , so the mods might not let me discuss it here . 
  ms. foster ? 
  the gang joins the illuminati, 
  `` and when she lets me slip away ... '', 
  `` washington d.c. '' by gore vidal is an excellent read as well . 
  now that you mention it , i definitely hear a bit of `` sexy sadie . '', 
  `` beetlebum . 
  she 'll suck your thumb . '', 
  = `` sexy sadie , what have you done ? '', 
  the competing guitar solos between carry that weight and the end . 
  can someone eli5 why primary debates are organized by private media companies ( fox , msnbc , cnn , etc ) which set their own criteria on who can and can not be included , but general election debates are strictly regulated ? 
  how did this begin ? 
  would it be illegal for a cable news channel to host a debate with clinton , trump , johnson , and stein ? 
  with the olympics in town , chicago could have richard daley and tom daley .
