  i 'm planning on moving to germany later this year so i completely understand the anxiety of living in a country with a different language . 
  even though i 've been studying german since 2007 , i do n't know the words for pressure washer or sprinkler off the top of my head . 
  and yes , i was using option a. i pulled several lawnmowers out of the display area . 
  on our battery powered lawnmower , i lifted up the lid and pointed to the battery then pushed the button on the upper right , showing how to start it . 
  i did the same with the other two electric models . 
  i also picked a random gas one , showed her where the gas goes and where the oil goes and pulled the cord as if to start it . 
  i really do n't know how much clearer i could have been in explaining that the three i showed her have button start and the one she decided on was pull start . 
  if i had denied those customers a sale , even for a legitimate reason , i ( a white male ) am denying those customers ( females of color ) a good or service . 
  my company can be sued for discrimination . 
  i 'm the second-highest salesperson in my department ( out of eight ) . 
  i think i 'm at an average of 4.6 out of 5 in customer feedback reviews . 
  these were three nightmare scenarios i 've had out of dozens of visitors i interact with everyday . 
  i hated mr moonlight and i 'm a loser in high school and college . 
  they grew on me as i got older . 
  love 'em both now . 
  and british columbia has n't changed at all . 
  when i went to legoland , clinton was president . 
  but i do n't remember a lego statue of him . 
  although this is was right after the lewinsky scandal , so maybe he was n't considered family-friendly . 
  i want to see this history of japan-ified . 
  i guess bc is less stagnant than i thought . 
  the next change should be annexing point roberts . 
  or the vancouver island independence movement . 
  i answered the door wearing nothing but a towel the other day ( as i was about to get dressed for work ) . 
  it was a young guy asking for money to help him pay for tuition at the community college . 
  i told him i did n't have any cash on me . 
  i like being able to fire people . 
  animals are people , my friend !, 
  i read this in ron swanson 's voice . 
  my piano teacher in grade school was half filipino with a dark complexion , her husband was caucasian with brown hair and brown eyes . 
  their twin boys had blond hair and blue eyes . 
  i guess they had fair skinned genes hiding somewhere . 
  yes . 
  the convention center over i-5 . 
  you do n't need a law degree to believe that freedom of speech , freedom of assembly , freedom of religion , the right to a lawyer , the right to deny warrantless searches , etc are important . 
  i ca n't name the first ten amendments off the top of my head . 
  that does n't mean i 'm not aware that the president needs approval from congress before engaging in war on another country or that the military can not quarter troops in your home . 
  i 've been listening to this song for over a year now and i still have n't found what benny goodman song saint motel samples . 
  does anyone here know ? 
  a year ago , the three candidates i could see myself supporting were george pataki , martin o'malley , and john kasich . 
  pataki served 12 years as governor of new york . 
  o'malley served 8 years as mayor of baltimore then 8 years as governor of maryland . 
  kasich is currently in his second term as governor of ohio . 
  each of these three candidates had what i considered enough executive experience ( as well as the character ) to prepare them for the presidency . 
  if the general election were between o'malley and kasich , i 'd be happy with either . 
  but with clinton and trump , i 'm happy with neither . 
  trump has no political experience . 
  instead , he has a 40 year business career filled with bankruptcy and lawsuits . 
  clinton did spend 8 years as the first lady of arkansas and 8 years as first lady of the united states , acting as a top advisor to her husband as governor and president . 
  however , she made terrible decisions as senator and secretary of state and i feel she lacks the character necessary to be president . 
  gary johnson served two terms as governor of new mexico and william weld served a term and a half as governor of massachusetts . 
  weld left office early because , although he was a republican , he was appointed by president clinton to be ambassador to mexico . 
  weld was elected as a republican in a state which has gone blue in every presidential election since 1992 . 
  johnson was elected as a republican in a state which has gone blue in every presidential election since 1992 , with the exception of 2004 . 
  they have a history of transcending partisanship and attracting voters and politicians from both major parties . 
  as governor , johnson supported legislation which lowered the income tax and the gas tax while eliminating the state 's budget deficit . 
  he attempted to decriminalize drug use , claiming that arresting , prosecuting , and imprisoning non-violent drug offenders was draining the budgets of police departments , courts , and jails . 
  as governor , weld dramatically cut government costs , laying off thousands of public sector employees . 
  in spite of this , the unemployment rate in massachusetts dropped from 9.6 % to 6.4 % during his first term . 
  before serving as governor , he worked as a federal attorney in the reagan administration , leading international drug trafficking investigations . 
  he resigned from this career in protest . 
  in 2012 , i voted for obama . 
  i had plenty of disagreements with obama and actually really liked romney . 
  i was also aware of gary johnson , jill stein , rocky anderson , and other third party candidates , but i considered a vote for a third party to be a waste . 
  i was pleased that obama had saved gm , ford , and chrysler , ordered the execution of osama bin laden , became in favor of same-sex marriage , and ( if a vacancy should happen ) would appoint a pro-choice justice to the supreme court . 
  i was not impressed with romney 's social conservatism , his foreign policy and geography gaffes ( remember when he said iran was a landlocked country ? 
  ) , and the way he seemed out of touch with the working class . 
  i might not be a libertarian according to many people in this thread ( i did support the auto bailouts and the extrajudicial killing of bin laden after all ) , but i hope you 'll accept me as a johnson/weld supporter . 
  their ideologies align more closely with mine than clinton 's and trump 's . 
  i work for another store ( we do n't sell books ) that competes with amazon . 
  our online store is also different from our physical stores . 
  even if you buy something online that we have in stock , the payment has to go from our store 's site to your bank , get processed and approved by your bank , then we get alerted on our systems . 
  it can take over two hours for this to happen . 
  i get yelled at on a weekly basis because of this . 
  it is your bank 's fault , not our store 's ( or barnes & noble 's ) . 
  the town i went to college in had at least a dozen mom and pop book stores . 
  i got a suede cover copy of plato 's republic from 1932 for $ 10 . 
  a brand new flimsy paperback of republic at the big box store cost $ 15.99 . 
  i got a hardcover of short stories by aldous huxley from the 1940s at another independent shop for maybe $ 5 . 
  they sell paperbacks of brave new world at big box stores for more . 
  i collect antique books . 
  i love the smell , the intricate artwork on the first few pages , sometimes names and years are written onto the first page , and sometimes thick leather covers or a cloth bookmark . 
  each one is a work of art . 
  the books sold at barnes & noble just seem overpriced , and with the stickers they put on the front that always leave residue and the barcodes printed onto the back cover , i feel like i 'm holding something meant to be sold , not something meant to be cherished . 
  older books are often better quality , more aesthetically pleasing , and cheaper than brand new ones . 
  i got a first edition of a biography of john c fremont from 1856 there . 
  the first page was signed by its original owner , charles dow , an abolitionist who sheltered fugitive slaves in maine . 
  i also got a magazine from 1891 that has a panorama of seattle as a centerfold . 
  i framed it and it 's hanging in my bedroom . 
  same thing my company does . 
  a guy was looking for tractor tires that were 20 bucks in store , 10 bucks online . 
  he bought them online and had to wait an hour before he could pick them up , even though he already had them in his hand at the cash register . 
  oh , and we 're not allowed to price match . 
  i was nearly ready to walk off the job after the customer and i vented our frustration at one of the managers . 
  ( i 'm leaving in september . ), 
  they force you to wait for shipping ?!, 
  yeah , i 'd just order something on amazon right in front of the barnes & noble manager 's face . 
  if this were a cmv , i 'd give you a delta :p, 
  it would be cheaper if they had a fire ... sale . 
  great-great grandmothers ca n't melt steel beams .
