  is that a haunted house like a carnival attraction or like a 200 year old bed and breakfast ? 
  visit stellenbosch if you go to south africa !, 
  if you have a small business , you did n't build that . 
  her name was chastity . 
  she was a simple german girl whose father invented world war ii . 
  needs more jpeg . 
  there is only one frat i know of at uvic . 
  it 's more of a campus club than a real frat . 
  they do n't share a house or have wild parties or anything like you 'd see on tv . 
  nearly every major american city has a history of white supremacy . 
  ` racist history ' is just history . 
  the open suppression of people of color was the norm in america until just a generation ago . 
  there is absolutely no evidence that the kkk operated in portland in 2010 or that they would engage in the kidnapping , murder , or other crime against a white child . 
  if a black boy went missing in alabama in 1956 , the kkk theory would be compelling . 
  but the kkk has no relevance to the disappearance kyron , a white boy in oregon in 2010 . 
  do you like movies about gladiators ? 
  `` i 'm not offended by homosexuality . 
  during the 1960s i made love to many women , often outdoors , in the mud and the rain . 
  it 's possible a man slipped in . 
  there 'd be no way of knowing . '', 
  i 've sent you a pm !, 
  i would watch martin luther king day . 
  they must need the number for the cultural suicide hotline . 
  the disappearance of connie converse . 
  connie was a folk singer who made many recordings in the 1950s and 60s , but never broke out of the local greenwich village folk scene . 
  by 1973 , she had become depressed and accepted she would never be a famous musician . 
  in 1974 , she packed up her vw beetle and drove away from her home in michigan , destination unknown . 
  neither she nor her beetle have been seen since . 
  i understand that after 43 years it would be nearly impossible to find a body due to decomposition , scattering , and other factors . 
  but i find it incredible that a metal vehicle with a license plate , vin , and other identifying features has n't been discovered . 
  are you familiar with the death of r.t. owen/artemus ogletree ? 
  he was killed in a hotel room in kansas city in the 1930s . 
  the leading theories are that he became an enemy of the mob , possibly having gambling debts or that he cheated on a woman , and her family got revenge . 
  another theory is that he was gay . 
  my great-great-great grandfather lived on a farm in rural iowa . 
  one night , he was feeding the chickens after dark and went to close the wooden door behind him . 
  a rusty nail was sticking out of the door . 
  it went through the soft part of his hand , between his thumb and index finger . 
  it was 1909 . 
  they did n't have a car and there was no hospital nearby . 
  he died a couple of agonizing days later . 
  his wife , however , remarried and lived to the age of 91 . 
  this monument is a 20 minute walk from my apartment !, 
  i had no idea this photo existed !, 
  me an ' my droogs are gon na ` ave a read o ' this at the korova milk bar . 
  cheese , grommit !, 
  i think it 's incredibly difficult to keep major secrets in a free , democratic society with mass media and cameras everywhere . 
  that 's why i do n't believe in conspiracies about 9/11 , fluoride , vaccines , area 51 , jfk , etc. 
  however , i think there are many secrets from the soviet union that have been covered up . 
  i would n't be surprised if yuri gagarin was n't the first person in space . 
  it 's certainly possible that other cosmonauts reached outer space but died in re-entry . 
  i would also support the idea that an elite group of party loyalists rushed glasnost and perestroika not because they `` saw the light '' and realized totalitarianism was bad , but because they realized they could seize mines , factories , real estate , etc for themselves and become billionaires . 
  also , * reads cue cards at gunpoint *, 
  scientology is a legitimate religion . 
  it is not a cult . 
  scientology does not exist solely to generate billions in non-taxable income . 
  shelly miscavige is safe . 
  the church does not kidnap or blackmail people . 
  l. ron hubbard was truly a prophet who was given divine knowledge . 
  he was not a failed science-fiction writer who manipulated people into giving him money . 
  the song `` fire '' was written for elvis who was planning a comeback tour . 
  elvis died before he could record the song and it instead became a major hit for bruce springsteen . 
  elvis would have probably continued having minor success into the 80s and 90s alongside other comeback artists like johnny cash , roy orbison , and george harrison who returned to the top 10 after 20 years . 
  `` i grew up in new york city , a town with different races , religions , and peoples . 
  it breeds tolerance . 
  in all truth , i do n't care whether or not a person is gay . 
  i judge people based on their capability , honesty , and merit . 
  i 've worked with many gay people . 
  i have met some tough , talented , capable , terrific people . 
  their lifestyle is of no interest to me . 
  i 'm looking for brains and experience . 
  if the best person for the job happens to be gay , i would certainly appoint them . '', 
  - donald trump , february 2000, 
  george takei sent to an internment camp by franklin roosevelt , a democrat . 
  ronald reagan , a republican , apologizes for internment camps . 
  george takei 's desire to marry blocked by doma , signed by bill clinton , a democrat . 
  supreme court under john roberts , a republican , legalizes same-sex marriage in all 50 states . 
  so what party does george takei support ? 
  i guess that line was misleading . 
  `` a supreme court where 5 out of 9 members are republicans '' would have been better . 
  august frederick ferdinand eggert , who named his daughter augusta fredericka ferdinanda eggert . 
  also , sisters ambrosia and arizona wickwire . 
  thank you for this incredible answer !, 
  as a jimi hendrix fan and a seattlite i ca n't believe i 've never thought of his family before . 
  i just want to point out that african-americans growing from 0.5 % to 1.0 % in 40 years is still pretty significant . 
  in 1900 , the population of seattle was 190,000 so there were about 950 blacks . 
  in 1940 , the population was 776,000 so there were about 7,760 blacks . 
  your comment is the perfect answer to my last question . 
  do you have any information on how preston jeter traveled from virginia to seattle ? 
  a google search shows that giovanna tyler disappeared from neah bay , where the makah tribe lives . 
  the uk , near windsor castle . 
  here 's how bernie can still win ... 
  who 's warren ? 
  warren buffett ? 
  you mean pocahontas !, 
  saying that a 71 year old president is `` overwhelmed '' implies that a 51 or 61 year old president is calm , stress-free , and prepared to lead . 
  at 42 , theodore roosevelt was overwhelmed by his ascendance to commander-in-chief following the unexpected death of william mckinley . 
  at 43 , john f. kennedy was overwhelmed by the cuban missile crisis , racial tensions , communist subversives , and other intense sources of stress . 
  being president is overwhelming , whether you 're 42 or 92 . 
  yes , dianne feinstein is 84 and `` at risk for death in office . '',
