  they wrote comments about how great it was there were so many autistic trans students at our uni . 
  i had some friends who did model parliament in canada ( similar to model un ) . 
  someone commented on a photo of some friends that they were so happy the autistic caucus of the ndp ( a social democracy party ) had doubled since last year . 
  i 'm really out of the loop on why the left is celebrating having autism , to the point where i 'm doubting that many even have this condition . 
  i have absolute respect and compassion people who have autism , down syndrome , alzheimer 's , bipolar disorder , etc. 
  i have no sympathy for people who fake health problems for attention . 
  does anyone know what 's going on with them ? 
  my mom 's super christian friend bought the pacquiao vs. mayweather fight on pay per view and had a big party at her house . 
  after the match ended , she brought out cards against humanity . 
  one of the cards was `` rwandan genocide . '', 
  she had no idea what it meant . 
  i had to explain to this 50 year old mother of four with a college degree and a full time job both what a genocide is and where rwanda is . 
  hillary said she would continue to be an advocate for women and gays all over the world . 
  i 'm still waiting for her to give a speech in riyadh demanding saudi arabia legalize gay marriage and abortion . 
  first jewish president on january 20 , 2025, 
  october 21 , 2019 . 
  we need to make sure our northern neighbors vote conservative , so kevin o'leary , kellie leitch , maxime bernier , or whoever becomes the conservative leader can oust juvenile justin . 
  i worked at sears for 10 months after finishing at uvic , then moved to germany to become an english instructor . 
  well the illegals start comin ' and they do n't stop comin ', 
  let 's build a wall , and mexicans will fund it, 
  my lobby 's covered in go-o-old . 
  when you are a star , you can gro-o-ope . 
  i wonder what it would sound like if you took out revolution 9 . 
  you forgot about the bottle of shampoo in her backseat !, 
  major clue there . 
  sorry , i 'm not getting the `` bundle of sticks '' reference . 
  could you explain it ? 
  the cell phone ping is the only piece of evidence i seriously doubt . 
  i used to live in victoria , british columbia . 
  when i would go to the beach on the south end of the city my phone would switch to the cell tower in port angeles , washington and i would get a text saying `` welcome to the united states . 
  roaming charges will apply . '', 
  even though i never left canada . 
  it 's very possible terri never went to that island , even though the nearest cell tower was there . 
  i want to think he went to that concert in london the night he went there , met an underground goth/emo group , and has been partying happily with them for the past ten years . 
  but what punk group would adopt a 14 year old and how could he avoid contact with his entire family for a decade ? 
  i lean towards suicide . 
  like phil ochs , she was a talented folk singer with a beautiful voice who was deeply troubled . 
  while the wilderness is great at hiding bodies , it 's amazing her vehicle has n't been discovered . 
  but mooze end squayrrl were plotting to bomb mother russia . 
  why do so many portuguese immigrate to luxembourg ? 
  did you return to sachsen-anhalt after the war and live in the ddr ? 
  what was it like living in a country largely controlled by the country you fought against and were imprisoned by ? 
  how many of these buildings survived 1906 ? 
  are any still around today ? 
  his mother died and his wife died in childbirth the same day . 
  so he abandoned his newborn daughter , left his life as a wealthy ( millionaire in today 's dollars ) new yorker , and roamed the empty landscape of dakota territory . 
  he then enlisted in the military as a rough rider in the spanish-american war and successfully led his troops in the battle of san juan hill . 
  now a war hero , he gets elected governor of new york as a republican . 
  the republican party hated him so much they wanted to give him a pretty much useless job with almost no real power : the vice presidency . 
  he gets elected in november 1900 as william mckinley 's running mate . 
  september 1901 , mckinley is assassinated and roosevelt becomes president . 
  he serves the remaining three years of mckinley 's term then gets elected and serves a full four year term . 
  he then picks william howard taft to run in 1908 , who gets elected based on roosevelt 's endorsement . 
  while taft is president , roosevelt goes on safari in africa and travels across europe . 
  he is outraged that taft is reversing his policies and returns to the united states to run for president for a third term . 
  he gets shot on his way to deliver a speech in milwaukee . 
  instead of going to a hospital , he delivers the speech with blood seeping out his chest . 
  he loses the election and decides to sail the amazon from its mouth to its source . 
  he nearly dies on this trip , but is well enough to return to new york . 
  he was considering another attempt to seek a third term in the 1920 election , but he died in 1919 , only 60 years old . 
  i read it a couple years ago !, 
  one of the few books i 've read start to finish since high school . 
  let me know if you have any luck tracing your heritage !, 
  i have ancestors who came to the us from wiesbaden in the 1850s and ancestors who came to the us from hanover in the 1860s . 
  i have n't found any good resources tracking down census documents , birth and baptism records , etc to extend my family tree past the 19th century . 
  san francisco is a sanctuary city and it will no longer make students pay tuition at community college . 
  so people can come to the united states illegally , move to san francisco , and get a free college degree . 
  and as long as you do n't get caught outside the city , you ca n't be deported . 
  when i was in high school , we had to take 25 photos of one person , 25 photos using the rule of thirds , 25 macro photos , 25 photos using framing , and 25 photos with symmetry . 
  we could do them in any order , as long as we completed every set by the end of the semester . 
  is there a similar map with cities labeled too ? 
  i live in leipzig . 
  i knew there was buchenwald about an hour west of here and theresienstadt about two hours east . 
  it appears that there were several camps even closer to leipzig than that . 
  tl ; dr since at least 1991 , the cowichan tribe on vancouver island has kidnapped various people of cowichan descent from their homes for `` spirit dancing '' to try to get them to return to the indigenous way of life . 
  spirit dances `` can be physically rigorous and go on for weeks . '', 
  in 2004 , two people were killed in this ritual . 
  the rcmp said they could not comment on a recent kidnapping attempt , because there were no charges . 
  the rcmp is engaging in `` ongoing conversations '' with the aboriginal communities on these sensitive issues . 
  i lived in victoria , bc for five years . 
  at the university , the local tribes had a large presence , with cultural activities and indigenous speakers often on campus and indigenous art prominently displayed . 
  many of my fellow students and professors were of indigenous descent . 
  kidnapping someone and forcing them to participate in a rigorous physical ordeal , to the point where they could die does not align with the values i learned at the university of victoria and is nothing members of the indigenous community i know would support . 
  i worry that political correctness is letting tribe members off the hook for serious offenses . 
  kidnapping , attempted kidnapping , and torture are terrible crimes . 
  religious or cultural tradition can not be used as defense for these actions . 
  and then michelle obama burst onto the scene to tell the neighborhood kids their serving sizes were too large . 
  it looks like peter asher from peter & gordon . 
  paul and john wrote songs for peter & gordon ( world without love , woman ) and paul was briefly engaged to peter 's sister jane asher . 
  the night he shot people in a department store in burlington , wa i was working at a department store in lynnwood , wa , half an hour south . 
  our security guy came over and told us what happened . 
  the suspect was still on the loose . 
  never forget that cooter foresaw pepe as the symbol of the republican party :, 
  `` i 'm now working for the romney/dunston campaign . 
  here , have a button ! '', 
  `` this is a cartoon frog with googly eyes ... '', 
  `` aw man , i 've been handing those out all day . '', 
  i used to work in a department store where many people who barely spoke english but owned their own landscaping businesses would buy lawn mowers , power washers , weed whackers , etc. 
  i was required by company policy to ask every customer if they had our store 's credit card or if they wanted to sign up for one . 
  when told they would have 12 months to pay the full price of their item with a credit card , many of these business owners wanted to get one .
