  i speak fluent english and i have a b1 in german ( though my proficiency should increase while immersed in germany ) . 
  i have experience in retail , communications , and event planning . 
  i 'm hoping some of you could offer some advice on the visa application process , what kinds of jobs i should apply for , and some dos and do n'ts . 
  thank you in advance !, 
  cheryl deboer was born cheryl diane peterson in seattle , washington in 1962 . 
  she was raised in the suburb of mountlake terrace , washington and graduated from eastern washington university in 1985 , earning a degree in chemistry . 
  she married michael deboer and had a son eric , though i 'm unclear on the years of her marriage or her son 's birth . 
  in 2001 , she was hired by the fred hutchinson center in seattle as an hiv/aids researcher . 
  from all reports i 've seen , she was happy with her job , marriage , motherhood , and life in general . 
  on the morning of february 8th , 2016 , cheryl was 53 years old and had been working for fred hutchinson for 15 years . 
  she had the typical life and routines of a suburban , middle-aged , working woman . 
  she got out of bed , dressed for work , took meat out of the freezer to thaw for dinner , and drove to the park and ride after texting the driver of her carpool group that she would be about 10 minutes late . 
  she never arrived . 
  after hearing that his wife did n't show up for work that day , cheryl 's husband , michael , called the police on the evening of the 8th and they began searching for her . 
  they quickly found her car on the street by the park and ride which is used for overflow parking after the main lot becomes full . 
  there were bloodstains on the driver 's side and passenger 's side of her vehicle . 
  the car was locked and there was no damage to the outside of the vehicle . 
  on february 14th , six days later , cheryl 's body was found in a culvert 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) from her car . 
  the culvert was deeply hidden by wild blackberry bushes , evergreen trees , and other vegetation , and a creek passed through it . 
  cheryl 's body laid face down in the creek with a plastic bag over her head and a razor blade in her pocket . 
  in august , snohomish county police officially ruled her death a suicide , sparking outrage from her family and the public . 
  her husband says that cheryl would never kill herself . 
  her mother , lenore peterson , says that it does n't make sense for someone to begin preparing dinner , text a co-worker that she is ten minutes away , drive to the park and ride , and then walk nearly two miles through mud and thorns to kill herself . 
  lab testing has found that the razor cuts on cheryl 's fingers appear to be self-inflicted and that the blood on the driver 's seat is cheryl 's blood . 
  however , the blood on the passenger 's seat was that of an animal . 
  i 'm unsure if the deboers had a pet . 
  if they did , cheryl did n't take it to work with her . 
  the coroner concluded her cause of death was asphyxiation . 
  i lived in edmonds , one town over , at the time of cheryl 's death . 
  it happened the same week a woman from edmonds went missing . 
  the other woman ended up being a drug addict who died of hypothermia after becoming disoriented in the woods while heavily intoxicated . 
  that case is firmly closed . 
  while cheryl deboer 's has been closed by the police , i and many others remain skeptical of their opinion . 
  what are your thoughts ? 
  could her final actions just be the result of a chaotic , suicidal mind ? 
  or was she attacked , abducted , and killed ? 
  links to news articles and her obituary :, 
  i 'm having a hard time finding concrete facts on both the origin of the change.org petition and the details of the kidnapping and torture of a young white man in chicago . 
  here 's what i know :, 
  on december 31 , 2016 , a petition was anonymously posted to change.org . 
  intended to be sent to the ceo of twitter if it reaches 200 signatures , the petition is titled `` 500 nazi scalps '' and features a photo of brad pitt 's character from `` inglorious basterds . '', 
  it includes a list of 500 supposed neo-nazi or white supremacist twitter users ( mostly conservative college students and proud trump supporters who are actually pretty moderate and many who are n't even white ) and demands their accounts be deleted . 
  the post went viral on twitter . 
  i found out about it because some people i follow on twitter were on the list . 
  the author of the petition remains anonymous , despite unverified claims that it was `` the jews , '' `` black lives matter , '' or `` sjws . '', 
  on either january 2nd or january 3rd , 2017 , four african-american teens in chicago kidnapped and cut the scalp of a mentally challenged white 18 year old , holding him hostage and recording their abuses on facebook live . 
  i have n't watched the video , but most reports say the attackers yelled `` f * ck trump ! '', 
  while beating their hostage . 
  people on twitter , reddit , 4chan , and other social media say the man 's name is austin hilbourn , but no major news outlets or police spokespersons have confirmed this . 
  his brother-in-law , whose last name is boyd , did speak to the press in chicago . 
  tragically , the mainstream media is sparse on details regarding the brutal attack of a handicapped white teenager by four black teenagers . 
  neither the victim 's name nor a mention of the change.org petition has been included in reports of the attack thus far . 
  i personally feel that it is very unlikely the petition and the attack are merely coincidence . 
  it seems likely that the december 31st post demanding 500 nazi scalps inspired the four black teens to scalp a white teen ( whose political views remain unknown ) on january 3rd or 4th . 
  i have yet to find a mainstream media account making a connection between the petition and the attack , although twitter users and redditors seem convinced . 
  there 's a lot of fake news out there and it 's difficult to determine what 's true at what 's false . 
  so far , the abc affiliate in chicago has been the most detailed and credible source . 
  i 'm seeking any solid evidence regarding the source of the change.org petition , the name of the victim , and the possibility of the petition motivating four teens to attack a mentally handicapped white teen . 
  i am aware that the_donald might not be the best platform to post this , but you guys have been very open-minded and accepting of my posts in the past and i feel like you share my desire to know the truth about the crime committed against this young man . 
  in las vegas , there 's a replica of the eiffel tower , an egyptian sphinx , the new york skyline , and other icons from around the world . 
  in dubai , there are towers copied after the chrysler building and big ben . 
  cities like leavenworth , washington and frankenmuth , michigan are modeled after bavarian villages . 
  chinatowns on the west coast of north america try to recreate chinese inner cities . 
  did this ever happen in the ancient world ? 
  were there cities that mimicked rome , athens , babylon , etc ? 
  it 's now been over six months since these events happened , so i want to share this mystery that 's been puzzling me since last spring . 
  may 1 , 2016 was easter sunday for followers of the orthodox branch of christianity . 
  for those unaware , easter is the day when christians celebrate the resurrection of jesus christ . 
  however , catholics and protestants celebrated easter on march 27 , 2016 because the branches of christianity have different liturgical calendars . 
  on may 1st , the nyfd responded to a four-alarm fire at broadway and west 25th street . 
  the building on fire was the serbian orthodox cathedral of st. sava . 
  built in 1855 by episcopalians as trinity chapel , the structure was purchased and renamed by the serbian orthodox church in the 1930s . 
  the church was named a new york city landmark in 1968 and placed in the national register of historic places in 1982 . 
  after fire fighters arrived , it took two hours to put out the fire , which destroyed the interior , including priceless hand-carved oak icons . 
  the fire also destroyed the stained glass windows which were installed after the church was damaged by a bomb in 1966 . 
  the intended target of this bombing was not the church , but the headquarters of the communist party of the united states , located across the street . 
  at this time , nypd has publicly stated that the cause of the 2016 fire was improperly extinguished candles , left unattended following the easter service . 
  the serbian orthodox church and nyc officials began rebuilding the structure , of which only non-reinforced stone walls remained , in september 2016 . 
  on the same day in rockdale , a suburb of sydney , australia , the macedonian orthodox church of the resurrection , completed in the 1890s , was destroyed by fire . 
  five fire fighters were taken to the hospital for injuries after bricks fell on them during their attempt to save the crumbling structure . 
  photos in the telegraph article below show that only the brick doorframe and brick sections of the outer walls survived . 
  i have n't seen any articles published after june , when local police had yet to determine the cause of the fire . 
  also on may 1st , fire fighters in east melbourne , australia responded to reports of a fire at the 115-year old church the holy annunciation of our lady . 
  the small brick building is the oldest greek orthodox church in the state of victoria . 
  crews acted quickly to extinguish the fire in just 30 minutes . 
  while part of the interior and part of the roof were destroyed , the structure suffered relatively minor damage and can be restored . 
  over seven months after the blaze , police have yet to determine its cause . 
  the timeline here can be tricky . 
  the three fires happened on the same day , but in time zones 16 hours apart . 
  the first reported fire would appear to be the one at st. sava in new york city on the night of may 1st . 
  however , this was the afternoon of may 2nd in sydney and melbourne . 
  sydney was then first , as the fire was reported at 1:00 a.m. on may 2nd ( 9:00 a.m. on may 1st in new york ) . 
  the fire in melbourne was reported at 2:00 p.m. on may 2nd ( 10:00 p.m. on may 1st in new york ) within the same hour the fire at st. sava was reported . 
  it is unclear which was the second and which was the third fire , without knowing the minutes of calls made to fire departments in melbourne and new york . 
  while media outlets and local police have remained silent on the causes of these individual church fires as well as any links between them , irinej , the patriarch of the serbian orthodox church , called on the fbi to investigate the fire at st. sava . 
  it is unknown if the fbi or its equivalent in australia have opened investigations . 
  what are your thoughts ? 
  could three orthodox churches have had electrical issues or unattended candles that led to destructive fires with no one really to blame ? 
  what are the odds of all of these fires starting within 24 hours of each other on one of the church 's holiest days ? 
  if the fires were intentional , why was orthodox christianity targeted and how was an organization operating undetected in three cities across two continents ?
