  and on the right is the beautiful , beaux-arts hotel astor , less than a decade before it was demolished to make way for the drab glass and steel rectangle of one astor plaza . 
  cassettes and 8-tracks are just too mainstream . 
  got ta go for that raw , original sound . 
  i know the feeling too . 
  i saw a news story a few years ago about a guy who got caught taking pictures of children in bathroom stalls at toys r us . 
  he went to high school with me . 
  i still feel sick to my stomach thinking about it . 
  at 1:42 , after `` start right away , '' i do n't hear vocals , but two high , twangy guitar notes . 
  it does kinda sound like nya-nyow which could sound like `` oh nooo . '', 
  the sounds do n't fit the beat of the song . 
  i really do n't have an answer , but it 's amazing that even after listening to every beatles song dozens of times and thinking i know all there is to know about each one , something new like this pops up . 
  you could definitely trick some gullible people by saying that jfk 's assassination on november 22 , 1963 overshadowed the drowning of 46 passengers and 2 crew members , making it largely forgotten in us history and in the memories of people alive then . 
  in real life , aldous huxley and c. s. lewis died on november 22 , 1963 . 
  many of their fans were unaware of their passings for a long time due to the lack of news coverage in the aftermath of the jfk assassination ( and lee harvey oswald assassination ) . 
  sounds like it . 
  a few months into my current job , a co-worker said he was really impressed with my work ethic and let me know that he and a group of friends were involved in their own successful business on the side . 
  i agreed to meet him at starbucks to go over me possibly joining this other company . 
  five minutes in , i realize it 's amway . 
  he refused to name the company or even give its location . 
  he talked about becoming a master of my own life and becoming the person god knows i can be . 
  he kept talking about robert kiyosaki and gave me a list of books to read . 
  when i got home , i googled kiyosaki and the other authors . 
  they are all amway-related . 
  i politely said i was no longer interested in his friends ' company . 
  the co-worker and i are still close acquaintances , but i have a lower opinion of him now . 
  about a month ago , i 'm picking up a loaf of bread at the grocery store when a guy walks by me and compliments me on my glasses . 
  he asks if they 're brand new . 
  i say i 've had them since 2012 . 
  he introduces me to his girlfriend . 
  we make small talk , which eventually gets deeper and deeper and he asks where i work , what department i work in , how long a plan to stay at the company , etc. 
  i tell him i 'm moving to germany ( from seattle ) in october . 
  he tries to convince me to stay in seattle because his friends have a great new business and they want someone like me to become a part of it . 
  i 'm pretty sure this guy was an amway recruiter too . 
  the ego-boosting compliments are the biggest giveaways . 
  `` you have a great work ethic . 
  you 're smarter than most of the people here . 
  you should run your own business . '', 
  `` your glasses are very stylish . 
  you 're very well groomed and professional . 
  you should be with a company that recognizes your gifts . '', 
  i like to think i work hard and dress well , but never to the point where random strangers offer me a job . 
  anyone know why rent is so expensive in that cluster in western north dakota ? 
  similar to how we say australia is a continent , but greenland is just an island . 
  or how india is a subcontinent , but not alaska or quebec . 
  nevada is selling the ufos to switzerland to store them inside the matterhorn since area 51 is too easily accessible . 
  the only two times johnson has made headline news lately is when he blanked on aleppo and when he blanked on the name of vincente fox . 
  he may have easily made 1,000 well-argued , well-researched statements on tape in the past 12 months , but the gaffes are the only moments getting significant airtime . 
  is this building open to the public ? 
  it 's been a while since i photographed souzzallo . 
  i 'd love to visit both locations . 
  it always seems unbelievable that only seven years passed between please please me and let it be . 
  it 's strange to think how much music evolved from 1963 to 1970 . 
  we flew from seattle to new york in december 2010 . 
  we had a layover in minneapolis and ended up getting grounded in the city for three nights . 
  i loved it . 
  it was below freezing but we barely had to go outside . 
  we could walk from our hotel , through downtown , to the mall , to restaurants , to all sorts of shops , without having to be outdoors . 
  as a mother i believe that we should civilize venus , not mars , because venus was the goddess of love and mars was the god of war and we need love , not war !, 
  the story of the pied piper was first recorded in the 13th century . 
  is there actual footage of these clown sightings ? 
  or are these stories from ` witnesses ' who just happened to not have a camera or phone with them ? 
  the first time i saw black lives matter abbreviated as `` blm protesters '' , i was like , oh those guys from southeastern oregon are back in the news ? 
  what are the remaining unresolved mysteries of 9/11 ? 
  ( no conspiracies . ), 
  i like how the railway north of ground central is exposed . 
  how did that work with the construction of the helmsley building and the panam ( now metlife ) building ? 
  they had to build a foundation around an operational train track ? 
  is there underground parking built around subway lines too ? 
  removing the baby 's rectum from the packing peanuts is more than you can afford . 
  was * that * the word order you were expecting ? 
  this violates the one year rule , but since it 's been 10 months and since egyptian investigators do n't seem to be making any progress , i hope the mods allow it . 
  really a fascinating , sad read . 
  he must have been an incredible and outgoing guy to get 3,000 people from all over the world to attend his funeral . 
  i really hope for the sake of his parents and girlfriend that some evidence comes forward to give them some closure . 
  tl ; dr one clown reported near graham , about a half hour south of tacoma . 
  another clown caught on video in lynnwood , about a half hour north of seattle . 
  someone in askhistorians mentioned media hype and copycat killers . 
  the zodiac killer and the green river killer became famous and feared without people even knowing their real names . 
  a loner with little respect for human life could want to have the notoriety they got . 
  today , we have endless coverage of mass shooters . 
  columbine , sandy hook , and pulse nightclub are household names . 
  mass shooters might just be copycats of each other . 
  unlike the 70s when someone could commit crimes over a long period of time across a city or state knowing they would likely not be caught , these mass killers know they will be caught so they take out as many people as they can at one time and place before taking their own lives . 
  not just interstates , but the rise of car culture and high rates of vehicle ownership in general . 
  the green river killer could pick up a prostitute at a motel in one city , kill her one town over three miles way , and bury her body in a state park ten miles away . 
  he could then travel back home another ten miles , leaving no trace except for maybe hairs and shoe prints . 
  before the 1940s , it would be unusual for a single man to have access to his own vehicle and drive around in it at night . 
  in 1940 , only 40 % of american households owned at least one car . 
  in 1975 , it was 85 % . 
  since the 2000s , his movements would be caught on traffic cams and geolocation on his phone . 
  serial killers in these decades lived in a small window of human history where people could travel 20 + miles in a single night and not be captured on any camera . 
  i 've heard both sides of this . 
  there 's the camp that argues pornography creates perverted thoughts and makes men lust after women ( or other men ) more than they normally would . 
  the industry , whether in print or online , gives men sexualized , dehumanized views of other people and encourages them to treat the people they 're attracted to like characters in a fantasy . 
  then there 's the opposite camp which says that pornography allows men to satisfy their urges ( masturbate ) in private . 
  guys can see attractive women or men naked in magazines or on their computer and they are able to eliminate their urges to stalk , rape , or grope people in real life . 
  they live out their fantasy in front of a computer instead of on the streets . 
  the us embassy website said i would need to apply for the visa during my first week in germany . 
  thank you , mickeyu !, 
  any ideas why grand county , utah ( population 9,000 ) would go blue ?
