  my guess is that as the home of arches national park , many residents are federal government employees or reliant on a well-funded national park service for tourism and commerce . 
  most , if not all , national parks have a twitter profile . 
  i follow at least 20 of them as well as the department of the interior . 
  the pages are regularly updated with event reminders , traffic warnings , and professional photography . 
  cameraman : * coughs *, 
  paranormal investigator : king henry viii 's ghost is attempting to communicate with us !, 
  they 're building a subdivision on the sites where bodies were discovered ?!, 
  i do n't believe in any supernatural phenomena , but that just creeps me out . 
  i 've lived in seattle and victoria , british columbia . 
  there are houses in the othello neighborhood of seattle built on a traditional native american burial ground and there 's a park with a petting zoo and playground in victoria built on the site of another native american burial ground . 
  there 's debate as to whether or not all the remains have actually been removed from these locations . 
  i hope west mesa did an extensive search of the area . 
  i could n't imagine living in that neighborhood and wondering if there 's someone 's daughter or sister under the foundation of my house . 
  how was this letter writer ruled out ? 
  even through handwriting analysis , that would only rule out that one person wrote every letter . 
  in september of 79 , he was assaulted by two men . 
  it would have likely taken two or more men to abduct him from his home . 
  could n't the neighbor have been one of two killers and one of two letter writers ? 
  i had how sad , how lovely stuck in my head all afternoon a few days ago . 
  i lived in victoria , bc the same time as emma fillipoff . 
  one of the places she was last seen was the 7/11 on government and broughton . 
  i was there the day before she went missing getting a prepaid card for my cell phone . 
  she disappeared in october 2011 , the same month occupy victoria ( the local occupy wall street protests ) started and a homeless/activist camp formed at centennial square . 
  i visited it a couple times to hear a couple of my professors speak to the crowd ( i was in college majoring in political science ) . 
  i remember missing flyers for emma being handed out and police had a large presence looking for her among the dozens of campers who had set up tents . 
  i ca n't believe it 's been five years now and there 's still no sign of her . 
  could the names royster and shelton have combined in poe 's delirious mind and made him say reynolds ? 
  if it were kasich v o'malley i would be very happy with the american electorate . 
  they would have chosen two moderates with years of executive experience who speak from wisdom not from the gut . 
  instead we got two candidates who lack executive experience ( and one lacking political experience ) who have a history of making rash decisions and flip flopping when their actions have negative consequences . 
  when i saw the headline and the photo , my mind assumed the two people were the same person . 
  i thought for a few seconds that kala could have been a trans person who ran away and was now living happily as a man . 
  i was not prepared for the horror of the article . 
  are you positive monroe saved it in 1812 ? 
  madison was president that year . 
  r2-d2 , ian mckellan , lyndie england , the 199 ... 3 ? 
  hockey team from ... 
  i do n't have high speed internet this week so i ca n't watch youtube or netflix , but i really want to rewatch this trailer now . 
  he 's a hero ... and a soldier ... and a novelist ... and now he 's on fox neeeeewwwws !, 
  not really the right subreddit , but i hope you find it . 
  please update us with a link if you do . 
  i 'm sure it 's hilarious . 
  also , thanks for not posting about elisa lam . 
  and i 'm sure every unit was sold to foreign investors by 12:15 . 
  but remember kids , if you and your spouse are each working 40 hours per week and you ca n't afford a condo , it 's not because of foreign investors ( because that 's racist ) it 's because you 're lazy !, 
  you should work 50 hours a week !, 
  same . 
  i voted for governor , senator , representative , and lower offices . 
  i voted for expanding light rail service in seattle , for reforming campaign finance laws in washington state , and against a carbon tax . 
  but i left president blank . 
  none of the five candidates on the ballot were appealing to me . 
  i guess wells fargo will be next in his collection . 
  trump , clinton , johnson , stein , and the socialist workers party candidate . 
  i do n't want to google `` socialist workers party '' to find the candidate 's name and get put on a list :p, 
  i 'm a local and i 've never heard of this case . 
  thanks for posting it , op !, 
  i 'm from seattle and i have a cousin who lives in tumwater and relatives in chehalis i visit several times a year . 
  the area of i-5 where the car was abandoned is certainly not remote . 
  somebody must have seen somebody else parking the car and walking away from it . 
  maybe it 's the lack of publicity on this case that has n't compelled anyone to come forward with what they saw , thinking it was n't important . 
  tv personality on a show about supernatural phenomenon buys a ` haunted ' house , lives in it , then demolishes it because it has uncleansable demons . 
  entrepreneur uses money from his low budget , high profit tv show to buy a decrepit house . 
  he tears down the house , and sells the land for more money . 
  he tells people the house was haunted , getting more people to watch his tv show , so he gets more money . 
  there was a woman on the other side of washington state in mountlake terrace named cheryl deboer who was running late for work and told the coworkers she carpooled with that she would drive to work by herself that day . 
  she was later found in a ditch on the side of a busy road with a plastic bag over her head . 
  the police ruled it a suicide . 
  i lived one town over at the time and the case really scared people , and then the suicide ruling just added confusion and anger . 
  this happened in february of 2016 . 
  in march of 2017 , i 'll make a post in the subreddit about it . 
  i lean towards homicide in this case . 
  i did n't know there was another case in washington about a middle aged woman being found dead on the side of a road , wrapped in plastic . 
  unlikely they 're related , but really similar . 
  he grabbed me by the pussy . 
  i have a copy of harper 's weekly from 1881 that has ads for cocaine and herion . 
  state of the art medicine during the garfield administration . 
  reminds me of oscar brand , who just passed away last week . 
  he ` discovered ' joni mitchell and bob dylan , among many other lesser known folk singers . 
  the first time bob dylan 's music was played on radio was during a live performance on brand 's radio show which remained on the air every week until 2016 . 
  i 'm a gay white dude who voted for obama and took three years of spanish and i do n't understand this . 
  if i trespassed onto your property by jumping over your fence , then ate your food , used your shower , and used your electricity , you 'd call me a criminal and demand money back for the resources i used , right ? 
  so why are n't these people called criminals when they jump over our fence , attend our schools , go to our emergency rooms , and drink our tap water ? 
  and why are n't we demanding our money back ? 
  they lost the white house , lost the senate , lost the house , and are about to lose to supreme court . 
  looks like they did n't buy enough votes . 
  similar tunnels in seattle , wa and victoria , bc . 
  in seattle , the tunnels ( dating to the 1880s ) are open to the public during the underground tour . 
  i 've been on it a couple times . 
  it 's really popular with tourists , school field trips , and history buffs . 
  in victoria , the tunnels are about the same age but are all either private or abandoned . 
  i 've had a few friends who did internships with the legislature in bc and have said they 've been in the tunnels and that they connect the legislature to the empress hotel and to the union club . 
  i 've had other friends who 've worked for lush , the gap , and other stores downtown . 
  they 've mentioned the stores have a rat problem because of the tunnels which used to connect the port to the retail district , so merchandise could be carried from ships to the backrooms of these stores without interfering with people on the sidewalks . 
  there are occasional news stories about homeless people living in the tunnels and starting fires in them , using them as bathrooms , etc so there must be some way to access them publicly . 
  there are other rumors that the tunnels under chinatown in victoria were used to ` shanghai ' drunken white patrons of chinese restaurants , but i think these were just racist allegations to make people more scared of asian immigrants . 
  edit : i just remembered that there 's a bunker underneath i-5 at ravenna avenue in seattle . 
  i 've been told it 's a nuclear fallout shelter built in the 1950s . 
  his photographer was alfred eisenstaedt , who would later go on to take the iconic photo of a sailor kissing a nurse at times square on vj day . 
  he continued working for life magazine for decades . 
  one of his last jobs as a photographer was taking portraits of the new first couple , bill and hillary clinton , in 1993 .
