  they studied psychology together at the university of washington . 
  considering that she was a young , attractive blonde woman when they knew each other , it always makes me wonder if bundy ever thought of harming her . 
  desmond and molly jones ... ( hahahaha ), 
  did n't george pretty much confess that long long long is plagiarized from bob dylan 's sad eyed lady of the lowlands ? 
  are the submerged banks of the thames , seine , rhine , and other rivers still existent underneath the english channel and north sea or have they completely eroded ? 
  given how reluctant fdr was to enter the us into world war ii , i ca n't imagine him wanting to continue an aggressive foreign policy any longer than absolutely necessary . 
  assuming germany and japan surrendered the way they did in real life , he would have shifted his focus back to domestic recovery . 
  while general macarthur and winston churchill sought an invasion of the soviet union , i do n't believe fdr would have supported this . 
  he may have spent the remainder of his fourth term urging congress to adopt his `` second '' bill of rights , advance civil rights towards women and african-americans , and put veterans to work on infrastructure projects . 
  he might have desegregated the military as truman did or launched an interstate highway program like eisenhower did . 
  i doubt he would have sought or accepted the nomination for president by the democratic party for a fifth time . 
  one of my favorite topics is althistory forums is the presidency of eleanor roosevelt . 
  if fdr lived to see the 1948 election , he could have passed the torch to her and she could have become the leader of the free world in a landslide victory . 
  from what i 've heard , they barely knew each other . 
  they just happened to be in the same program in college so they were introduced , but were n't friends . 
  makes : on the anthology version of you ca n't do that , the way john says `` a-one , two , three , fow-uh . '', 
  makes : in this boy , `` that boy . . wo n't be happy . . til . . he 's seen you cry-hi-hi-hi ... '', 
  ruins : wild honey pie . 
  just the entire song . 
  hungry like the wolf gets more airtime . 
  i 'm just wondering if the rivers shown on the map are exactly where they were if it 's just based on theory . 
  listen to the intro of valleri . 
  then try telling me you do n't like the monkees . 
  coming out is n't a one time event . 
  it 's a process . 
  i started by telling my closest female friends when i was 16 or so . 
  they were really supportive . 
  then straight male friends found out and , to my relief , they did n't really care . 
  in college , i made a new set of friends and , again , i told close friends first and more found out from there . 
  thankfully , i experienced more support and kindness . 
  it was n't until i was in my 20s that i told my family . 
  just tell people you feel comfortable telling . 
  do n't rush it . 
  do n't put yourself at risk . 
  but you 'll find that a lot of people are supportive , and most are either unsurprised or nonchalant about it . 
  the obergefell ruling requires all 50 states to issue marriage licenses to any two consenting adults , regardless of sex . 
  it does not require churches , mosques , synagogues , etc to perform same-sex weddings . 
  beautiful art deco masterpiece . 
  i visited this train station when i rode from helsinki to st. petersburg . 
  yep . 
  it 's now in lake havasu city , arizona . 
  alice cooper knows milwaukee is a place . 
  when i was in high school , i had a classmate who was mtf transgender . 
  they were the first trans friend i had , and a very nice person who helped me understand what it means to be transgendered . 
  in senior year , they switched from preferring masculine pronouns to feminine pronouns . 
  it resulted it a lot of confusion at first , but once people learned more about her , they respected her . 
  there were two other people at my high school who identified as trans . 
  one guy said he was transdragon , meaning he had the body of a human , but the spirit of a dragon . 
  another girl began identifying as ftm . 
  a couple years before this , she claimed to be pregnant , wearing some sort of body suit under her clothes in order to look pregnant . 
  she lated admitted she faked it for attention . 
  the year before , she claimed to be lesbian . 
  she was very active in the pride club at our school and spoke about her oppression as a member of the lgbt community . 
  then she got a boyfriend and confessed she was only pretending to be a lesbian . 
  so by the time she told people she was trans , no one really believed her . 
  the transdragon guy and the pathological liar made it really tough for my friend who actually is transgender . 
  to the op , transgenderism is not a fad . 
  it is a real phenomenon in which people assigned to one gender identify as another gender . 
  however , in my experience , some teens do fake being trans to get attention or sympathy or whatever . 
  and it really did make it tough for my one trans classmate . 
  there 's a family photo of my great aunt , who was born in 1926 , with my great-great grandfather , who was born in 1868 . 
  last year , i took a photo of the same great aunt with my cousin 's son , who was born in 2013 . 
  so someone born in 2013 and someone born in 1868 have just one degree of separation . 
  the dems carried north carolina in 2008 and florida in 2008 and 2012 . 
  bill clinton carried arkansas , louisiana , and tennessee . 
  georgia and texas are becoming less and less red every four years . 
  the south is overall much more red than blue , but i do n't think the shortage of dems is as serious as you think it is . 
  this video was hard to watch . 
  so scientists at cern were powering up a laser in april 2011 , and the fukushima earthquake happened in april 2011 . 
  and because both things deal with the transfer of energy underground , therefore the two events are related ? 
  makes about as much sense as saying that the panama canal was under construction in april 1906 , and the san francisco earthquake happened in april 1906 , so people in panama digging into the earth and connecting oceans must have made the san andreas fault move . 
  official petition to plant a 1,000 foot tall 12th man flag at the summit of mt. 
  rainier . 
  what about girl michael ? 
  when ad returns for season five or a movie , i wonder if they 'll throw in a rachel dolezal joke and relate it to tobias . 
  trying not to turn this into an askreddit , but there was a show on in 2005/2006 that got cancelled after one season about a teenage boy interested in marine biology who started growing scales and gills . 
  there was some government conspiracy going on and there was a romantic subplot . 
  i watched it every week in 7th grade , when it aired . 
  if anyone remembers it , let me know . 
  the bing maps car passed me in walla walla , washington in may . 
  the only time i use bing is to see if our family car shows up on street view yet . 
  had to look it up because i did n't believe you . 
  it 's very real . 
  why did damon albarn let them butcher his work ? 
  amazing shot . 
  back when classical and art deco icons like the marine building , the hotel vancouver , and the sun tower dominated the skyline ... not dozens of blue and green condos that all look the same . 
  `` world without love '' and `` woman '' by peter & gordon , `` come and get it '' and `` day after day '' by badfinger , and `` bad to me '' by billy j. kramer & the dakotas . 
  all these songs were written by paul and/or john ( plus george on `` day after day '' ) . 
  4-5 seconds reached # 1 this year in billboard 's r&b / hip-hop category , but only hit # 4 overall . 
  * obligatory joke about how kanye discovered paul *, 
  but daleks do have eyes ... daleks are octopus-looking creatures with one eye . 
  the photo shows googly eyes on the dalek 's metal armour , not on its body ... 
  but it 's still adorable nonetheless . 
  * zoolander voice *, 
  what is this , a border for plants ? 
  canada has 99 problems , but kanye ai n't one . 
  i hope this inspires someone to 3d print the seattle skyline . 
  i collect national geographic magazines . 
  i have some from the early 60s on the space race and on the middle east , one on the 80s about `` the two berlins , '' and one from the 2000s about charles darwin 's 200th birthday . 
  plenty of great content in each issue which serve as time capsules for their period .
