  how can i repay you , algernon . 
  flowers ? 
  leftists : we need to smash the patriarchy and condemn homophobes !, 
  muslims : oppress women and execute people for being gay . 
  leftists : islam is a religion of peace and we need to respect cultural differences . 
  homosexual who supported obama in 2012 and trump in 2016 here . 
  you 'd be surprised how many of us are starting to lean right . 
  * muslims commit hundreds of hate crimes against lgbt westerners *, 
  left : islam is a religion of peace and we need more refugees . 
  right : islam is a violent ideology and we need to screen refugees for criminal history . 
  * muslim kills 49 and injures 53 in gay night club in orlando *, 
  left : islam is a religion of peace and lgbt people should hide in gun-free safe spaces . 
  right : islam is a violent ideology and lgbt people should buy guns so they can defend themselves . 
  * muslim countries sentence lgbt people to life in prison , castration , and death *, 
  left : willingly accepts millions in donations from said countries . 
  right : refuses to negotiate with said countries . 
  her mother , debbie reynolds , is still alive and well at 84 . 
  i ca n't imagine the complete heartbreak of having to bury your child . 
  i 'm canceling my subscription to teen vogue right now !!, 
  oh wait , it 's 2016 and i do n't subscribe to any magazines ... 
  feel the bernier . 
  if a suspicious package was found in obama 's home in kailua , hawaii and the mayor of kailua said `` we 'll send obama the bill '' there would be huge outrage . 
  is it too much to ask to respect the office of the presidency and their right as human beings to live safely in their homes ? 
  what allegations by casolaro did snowden verify ? 
  i have notepads saying `` from the desk of dexterpine 's grandfather '' that belonged to my grandpa who died in 2002 . 
  i sometimes find myself using pens from hotels or small businesses that i have n't visited in over a decade either . 
  the other day i found a whistle from the best western in helena , montana that i stayed at in 2003 and a pen from the stratosphere hotel in las vegas that i stayed at in 1999 . 
  she could have easily visited the hotel in vancouver years before , but took the notepad with her , and just happened to have it lying around her house before she disappeared . 
  i barely made it through their podcast on michele miscavige . 
  steve : michele miscavige is the wife of david miscavige ... 
  devin : uh-huh . 
  steve : ... who is the leader of the church of scientology . 
  devin : sure . 
  steve : she was last seen in los angeles ... 
  devin : yep . 
  steve : ... in 2007 . 
  devin : mhmm . 
  in their podcasts for the past 12 months or so , they 've gotten much better at letting each other finish sentences and stopped saying monosyllabic interruptions . 
  this is the worst thing he 's done since he appointed white male supremacist elaine chao as secretary of transportation . 
  the link is down . 
  john kasich as the libertarian nominee in 2020 , anyone ? 
  example : radio gaga by queen, 
  `` all we hear is radio goo goo , radio gaga , radio blah blah . '', 
  and then the song became known not as a cynical criticism of cheesy pop songs , but as a cheesy pop song . 
  i 'm literally shaking !, 
  when huma was tweeting this for her , hillary was just chillin in cedar rapids . 
  i happen to find the furniture beautiful . 
  impressive wooden dressers and comfortable looking chairs . 
  the billiards table is a touch of sophistication . 
  but the house itself looks so cheap and tacky . 
  we bought a windows vista in 2007 . 
  it crashed and died in 2008 . 
  we bought a macbook pro in 2008 . 
  i 'm still using it today . 
  but i 'm the kind of person who only buys an electronic device or appliance if it 's essential and i intend to keep it for at least a decade . 
  the apple fanatics who buy the new iphone every 6 months and own three tablets and a $ 500 pair of headphones are insane . 
  `` outside ?!, 
  that 's where the civil war happened ! '', 
  i own a second edition biography of john c. fremont published in 1856 that was owned and signed by an abolitionist who lived in a community in maine that sheltered fugitive slaves . 
  i 'd love to see an ivanka vs. chelsea general election match up . 
  is that eisenhower in the very last photo and nixon in the third to last photo in the green car ? 
  leipzig resident here !, 
  the two roads intersected where the markt ( central square ) is now ( and probably has been since roman times ) . 
  the company i work for has an office on peterstra\u00dfe ( via imperii ) a couple blocks from grimmaische stra\u00dfe ( via regia ) . 
  in markkleeberg , a suburb to the south of leipzig , there 's a large park that 's bisected by a cement pathway that supposedly follows the original path of the via imperii . 
  there 's a big lutheran church there and medieval looking houses and a big white arch that the path passes through . 
  it 's one of many spots in leipzig that make it easy to forget you 're in the 21st century . 
  edit : got my directions mixed up . 
  it 's keesscher park . 
  although my favorite park in markkleeberg is agra park , full of structures modeled after neoclassical temples and the wei\u00dfes haus modeled after the white house . 
  germany has very strict privacy laws . 
  politicians think street view would give `` evildoers '' photographs of your house and neighbourhood which they could use to plot who knows what . 
  i think it 's dumb . 
  was this taken on the set of cilla black 's video for `` it 's for you '' ? 
  the stack of money was found where the lewis river meets in columbia river . 
  the lewis river is 50 + miles long and has many other creeks that flow into it . 
  there 's a vast area of wet , dense wilderness that would easily hide paper currency and a corpse , especially after 40 years . 
  1979 saw the deaths of businessman conrad hilton ( paris hilton 's great-grandfather ) , actor ted cassidy ( lurch from addams family ) , us vice president nelson rockefeller , sid vicious of the sex pistols , nazi scientist/war criminal josef mengele , actress and model mary pickford , actor jack haley ( the tinman from the wizard of oz ) , actor john wayne , singer minnie ripperton ( mother of maya rudolph ) , canadian prime minister john diefenbaker , actress vivian vance ( ethel from i love lucy ) , lord mountbatten ( father of prince philip , father-in-law of queen elizabeth ii ) , composer ronald binge , donna mussolini ( wife of benito ) , mamie eisenhower ( wife of dwight ) , zeppo marx ( of the marx brothers ) , and afghan president hafizullah amin , among many others . 
  sparkyhodgo asked who died in 1979 . 
  i answered their question . 
  i shared that link with r/feminism about an hour ago and got banned . 
  feminists refuse to admit that women can be rapists and men can be victims of rape . 
  they made brock turner a household name , saying he got a light sentence for rape because he 's a white male . 
  no surprise they 're silent when a woman of color gets an even lighter sentence for rape . 
  i 've been to orthodox churches in russia and croatia . 
  you 're absolutely correct that they 're ... enthusiastic about candles . 
  i do n't at all doubt the possibility of a church ( or house or school or office etc ) burning down because of unsupervised flames . 
  what i do doubt is that three churches , each between 100 and 160 years old , become victims of accidental fires within 24 hours of each other . 
  if disregard to fire safety was so common , it would seem likely the churches would have caught fire at least once sometime in the century before easter 2016 . 
  but if it 's the 100th + easter celebrated in a church , what happened in 2016 that differed from easters 1916-2015 ? 
  more candles ? 
  more petrol ? 
  dead batteries in the smoke detectors ? 
  `` i supported gay marriage in 2004 but opposed it in 2008 then supported it again in 2012 . 
  change ! '', 
  this seems to be a recent phenomenon , and i 'm not sure how it started , where leftists claim they have self-diagnosed autism . 
  i was a party last year and there was a girl who was a really outspoken bernie supporter and said she had autism . 
  the conversation went on and i asked if she went to school or had a job and she said things have been difficult since she ` realized ' she was autistic a couple years before . 
  the lgbt pride club at my old university posted an invitation to an event for members with autism . 
  about 20 people said they were going .
