  this pattern repeated for three years until one of the accomplices killed corll . 
  25 victims from september 1970 to august 1973 have been identified . 
  there were 42 teenage boys who vanished in the houston area during that time . 
  it 's possible corll raped and killed them all . 
  could it be slowly by max sedgley ? 
  `` another politician '' = alexander hamilton , the first treasury secretary of the united states and the man on the $ 10 bill . 
  better call up my buddy tom hanks . 
  you still learn this in leftist west coast universities . 
  yup . 
  my family lived in seattle from 1886 until 2016 . 
  ca n't afford to live there anymore . 
  no refunds !, 
  it looks like the left arrow ends right before berkeley and the right arrow ends before new england and all its ivy league universities . 
  so do n't worry , you can still apply for an $ 80,000 student loan every year to take gender studies courses in a gun-free , multi-faith , lgbtqqaarsvp2 + positive , trump-free , decolonized safe space in a sanctuary city . 
  she 's really funny . 
  from contractors who develop entire subdivisions , apartment complexes , and even individual residences . 
  we 've seen images of cul-de-sacs of homes flattened . 
  if the developer of that cul-de-sac had used concrete , those homes would still be standing . 
  they can also demand their city councils enact stricter building codes . 
  it can be argued that building a wooden home in a humid coastal down that has witnessed katrina , rita , and harvey in the past 12 years should be illegal as it is doomed from the start . 
  great to see this !, 
  glad miami-dade county has passed these laws . 
  however , there is still much work to be done . 
  i should add that in neighborhoods destroyed by hurricane katrina , non-profits like shirts across america raise money to build homes out of wood on the locations of wooden houses that were blown away in 2005 . 
  i got a lot of hate when i criticized friends in high school who went to new orleans with saa to help rebuild wooden homes there , saying they were just setting up a scenario for tragedy to strike again . 
  to me , it 's absolutely insane that after losing thousands of wooden homes built below sea level in hurricane katrina , new orleans continues to build wooden homes below sea level . 
  excellent points !, 
  can you find a source that says it costs 10-30 times more ? 
  true , but it would do better it a tornado or hurricane . 
  \u2206 thank you for these links !, 
  i 'm close to having my whole view changed . 
  i agree that in a direct path of a tornado or hurricane , masonry does n't stand a chance . 
  however , in a tropical storm or above average winds , a stone building could survive when a wooden building could n't . 
  if it 's financially illogical to build a safe , sturdy home in a certain environment , why build there at all ? 
  \u2206 thank you for sharing your anecdote !, 
  do you have any information on why or why not insurance companies would pay out after a natural disaster in your area ? 
  could a company argue that building a home on a site where a home was destroyed only a decade prior is negligent ? 
  good god , lemon !, 
  my battery happens to be at 44 %, 
  obamination ... 
  on monday , children ( young adults ) will go to the dmv to get their driver 's licenses . 
  i 'm curious what the experience is like for people born on historic dates when they go to a government agency , doctor 's office , employer , or somewhere else and get asked their date of birth . 
  do people make comments ? 
  do they politely ignore it ? 
  do you ever bring it up yourself ? 
  how old were you when you realized your birthday actually was an important day ? 
  kamala harris was the attorney general of california when san francisco , los angeles , and other major cities became ` sanctuary cities . ', 
  harris allowed their policies to continue . 
  if harris is the nominee , we 're going to see the faces of people killed by illegal immigrants in california in attack ads saying the victims would still be alive if harris had enforced the law . 
  i do n't work on film sets , but i was in rome when angels and demons was being filmed . 
  i was standing about 10 feet away from ron howard during the scene where tom hanks walks into the pantheon . 
  the pantheon had double booked that afternoon so the production interrupted a wedding that was scheduled . 
  tom hanks made it up to the bride by walking her down the aisle . 
  i live in germany so i usually do dd-mm-yyyy , but since i 'm referencing 9/11 , i wanted to keep it consistent . 
  nine eleven . 
  or is it new zealand ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  my friend 's mom was born and raised in ireland and until she was a teenager , she thought everyone was catholic . 
  she was n't aware non-catholics existed . 
  imagine if aliens come to earth from a planet where everyone is a zeemblot and they do n't know non-zeemblots exist . 
  tryyy it !, 
  not really answering your question , but paul played yesterday solo on the ed sullivan show in 1965 . 
  apparently it was n't paul 's decision and he was rather nervous and reluctant to go on . 
  five years before the break up , but it 's the first time he performed beatles material solo . 
  he can trade his dick for a brick . 
  it looked like a vermeer painting in the thumbnail . 
  a wonderful composition . 
  i hope your child appreciates it when they 're old enough to understand it . 
  surely . 
  well it 's not like you 're going to get sucked into hell ... 
  * floor collapses *, 
  same here . 
  i reluctantly voted for obama/biden because their administration rescued the american automotive industry and oversaw the operation to kill osama bin laden . 
  romney thought iran was a landlocked country and could n't even go to a solid ally , the uk , without committing a diplomatic faux pas . 
  i became a conservative during obama 's second term as i graduated university , got a job , and entered the real world . 
  it 's not a theft , it 's an undocumented transaction . 
  because a chemical softly creeping, 
  in my iv while i was sleeping ... 
  who could commit the perfect ( o ) murder ? 
  we do n't want bernie on our team . 
  jaws & knuckles, 
  you 're right . 
  she should have been 21 years . 
  instead , she was 15 . 
  in 1800 , spain controlled all the territory from mexico to colombia , with the exception of great britain controlling some of the atlantic coast . 
  spain and gb lost control to mexico ( which spanned from its current territory to costa rica ) and colombia ( which included panama ) . 
  in the mid-1800s , belize , nicaragua , honduras , costa rica , guatemala , and el salvador each became independent countries . 
  how did this section of land evolve from part of two countries ( spain and great britain ) to another two countries ( mexico and colombia ) to nine countries ( mexico , guatemala , belize , el salvador , honduras , nicaragua , costa rica , panama , colombia ) ? 
  i just left a manual labor job after a month and a half because my boss would often show up over an hour late to work , would not respond to calls or texts for days , used racial slurs , and was generally frustrating to work for . 
  in addition to this , his second marriage is failing , his elderly father needs him to run errands , his dog might need to be put down , and his house had mold and was being remodeled , so his mind was n't always on the job . 
  i 've read that you 're not supposed to say anything negative about previous job experiences in an interview . 
  what then should i say if asked why i only worked this job for less than two months ? 
  as you can see on this screen shot from google maps http://i.imgur.com/w1ketx1.png the border between nunavut and the northwest territories is a direct vertical line which passes through several islands . 
  i 'm wondering why the border had to be a straight line and why certain islands could n't be either fully in the northwest territories or fully in nunavut . 
  the last song on the white album opens with quiet orchestra music followed by a high , shrill note at about the 4 second mark . 
  i ca n't tell if it 's a theramin or a female vocalist singing in falsetto , or something else . 
  i 'd love to know . 
  so in 30 rock , jenna gets jealous of kamiko-tan , james franco 's body pillow . 
  and in unbreakable kimmy schmidt , jacqueline gets jealous of the robot her husband 's company manufactured . 
  just realized these plots are similar the other day .
