  they started with their biggest hits from the 60s and early 70s which was most of the concert , then quickly went through their sappy 80s ballads ( which was time for the baby boomers to go to the restroom or buy snacks ) . 
  then they played long free-form guitar solos , improvisational jazz , and the kind of stuff you heard on the first couple albums . 
  glad they 've gone back to their roots ( while still playing sappy songs for the fans who enjoy those too ) . 
  nicki minaj , kesha/ke $ ha , lady gaga , beyonce , etc. 
  are all incredibly talented vocalists with wide ranges . 
  they could make albums like adele or norah jones if they wanted to ( gaga and tony bennet 's duets for example ) . 
  but i guess `` surfboard surfboard surfboard . '', 
  and `` we gon fight til we see the sunlight . '', 
  sell better . 
  also , pat benatar was a classically-trained opera singer who realized she would make more money as a rock star . 
  `` hit me with your best shot '' is going to sell more records than `` die zauberfl\u00f6te . '', 
  if i get a time machine , this is what i want to see . 
  the singer building , the city investing building , the world building , and a more prominent woolworth building . 
  then i can visit the schwab house and the old penn station . 
  absolutely true . 
  i 'm sure she would have sold out concert halls from paris to vienna to tokyo even as an opera singer . 
  and if i was n't clear , i love pat benatar . 
  i 'm not putting her in the same category as nicki minaj . 
  wikipedia said the movie was set in philadelphia . 
  guess they filmed in yonkers ... 
  thank you !, 
  i had a friend in elementary school named brendan . 
  he had an older brother and a younger brother . 
  their mother would always complain about how quickly food got eaten in their house . 
  like an entire loaf of bread would get eaten in two days or somebody would nearly finish a gallon of milk . 
  she would always blame one of her sons , who of course would blame it on one of the others . 
  she just figured she had three growing boys ( plus a husband ) who had big appetites . 
  then one day she walks into her kitchen and sees a homeless man sitting in her kitchen . 
  he 'd been living in their attic for weeks . 
  reminded me of this story of a ` hermit ' in maine who lived in the woods for 27 years , stealing food and clothes and seeking shelter on people 's property , but never committing any violent crimes . 
  i 'd want to see a show in hamburg with john , paul , george , stu , and pete . 
  i 'd love to hear stu sing love me tender live and i 'd want to judge pete 's drumming to see which rumors are true . 
  there might be one recording of stu singing , but its authenticity is disputed . 
  and some people say pete was a terrible drummer , while some say he was better than ringo . 
  and i guess , if i had the power of time travel , i 'd go to the dakota in december of 1980 and warn the police about the creepy looking guy outside with a gun . 
  and maybe convince george to quit smoking too . 
  either season 5 or the ad movie , whichever direction they decide to go , should revolve around lucille 2 's murder/disappearance , george sr. being transgendered ( this feels right ) , and tobias being transracial ( she certainly has a type ) . 
  season 4 , of course , ended with the cliffhanger about lucille 2 and there 's been strong foreshadowing about george sr. and tobias ' real identities . 
  let me tell you , folks , this tower is so magnificent . 
  people mistake it for the sun . 
  it 's really tremendous . 
  and look , i had this guy design it for me and dubai was so impressed with it they had him design a tower for them too . 
  the muslims love me . 
  and i got a great deal on the building too . 
  i love making deals . 
  i 'm really great at it . 
  and when they were showing me the final sketches , i said we need to make the tower 10 feet taller . 
  and we did . 
  look , i get things done . 
  people were more concerned with waking up at 5 a.m. to milk their cows , starting their shift at the coal mine , or dying in childbirth . 
  they might have even been more focused on not getting dysentery on the oregon trail . 
  they did n't sit around watching a panel of talking heads on tv overanalyze aspects of celebrities ' lives . 
  peas and carrots . 
  i started subconsciously whistling this song during class in 7th grade ( 2005-2006 ) and my teacher and a couple students stared at me . 
  i was a bit embarrassed , but i could n't get the `` no sign of love behind the tears '' melody out of my head . 
  what is the rock formation in the banner on the website and the thumbnail here ? 
  might 've been the work of csi : nps , a spin-off i would totally watch . 
  i went to spain in april 2010 and i listened to this song on repeat each night with our balcony door open and the warm mediterranean air coming in . 
  amazing how one song can transport you to one time and place . 
  * michael bluth voice * i do n't know what i expected . 
  my money 's on hillary in 2016 . 
  in 2020 , though , she 'll be 73 , an incumbent , and the scapegoat for all problems ( from foreign policy disasters to the price of gas to the unemployment rate ) . 
  we 'll see how paul ryan can do as speaker of the house ( assuming he remains in that position for the next four years ) . 
  if he remains as popular as he is now , he 'd be a great pick for the nominee against hillary . 
  if not , governor haley of sc , senator cotton of arkansas , or senator sasse of nebraska would be relatively young , refreshing faces that would offer a stark contrast to 12 consecutive years of a democratic white house and 12 non-consecutive years of a clinton white house . 
  beautiful shot from rizal bridge !, 
  i like the crane popping out of the columbia center . 
  seattle is always building . 
  i had a friend of a friend who had to take boxes of supplies for a jobs fair from his house to the university . 
  he accidentally left one of the boxes on the bus . 
  before he realised it was gone , the bus company brought in a bomb squad from three hours away to open it . 
  cost taxpayers thousands . 
  oooh that magic feeling ... nowhere to go ... 
  school shootings creep me out more than any unsolved mystery or paranormal story . 
  it 's frightening how many children and adults can be killed in just minutes . 
  during my first week of high school , there was a student who mentioned that there were only two stairwells in our school and how easy it would be to take people out there . 
  i was already worried about making friends and getting rid of zits and learning to drive . 
  his comment brought my anxiety to a new level . 
  most likely story seems that she had an abortion , the operation had fatal complications , and she was secretly cremated or buried . 
  the arnolds seemed like a tight-lipped wasp family who would never admit to having a daughter becoming pregnant out of wedlock . 
  case that shall not be named meaning elisa lam ? 
  i work at a major department store that delivers washing machines , dryers , tractors , sheds , etc. 
  on our cash registers , we enter the zip code and the machine automatically fills in the city and state . 
  candidates and issues further down the ballot were a big incentive for me to vote in 2012 . 
  i personally did n't have a strong preference between obama and romney . 
  however , i voted enthusiastically for my congressman ( a democrat ) . 
  i 've met him before and his political views align with mine very well . 
  i also volunteered for one of the gubernatorial candidates ( a republican ) , going door knocking with him in my hometown . 
  so of course i voted for him . 
  same-sex marriage and legalizing marijuana were also on the ballot that year . 
  i voted in favor of both and they both passed . 
  as you can tell , i 'm a centrist . 
  i do n't really like hillary 's policies , especially as they shift further towards bernie 's democratic socialism . 
  and i 'm not a fan of trump 's racist and sexist rhetoric . 
  i might not vote for any candidate for president this year . 
  however , i will still vote for governor , senator , congressman , tax levies , initiatives , and other items further down the ballot . 
  living in a major city ( seattle ) that was largely planned in the 1890s and expanded in the 1950s , we have no decent public transportation from the suburbs into downtown . 
  i could drive 90 minutes into downtown each morning during rush hour and pay for hourly parking . 
  i could park at a bus terminal as long as i get there before 7 a.m. when the last spots are taken and bus downtown . 
  or i could take the train which stops on the south end of downtown by the stadiums and walk to the main city center .
