  for there is a man inside me ... 
  the discoveries of benjamin kyle 's and lori erica ruff 's true identities . 
  as fun as it is to have cases like d. b. cooper and jack the ripper where they may never be resolved , it 's satisfying to know that living people can be reunited or at least have closure knowing what happened to their loved ones . 
  we 've also had a lot of cases this year where kidnapping victims were found , either alive or dead . 
  kyle and ruff were two pet cases that i never thought would be solved . 
  i started reading this as i fell asleep last night . 
  i finished it as soon as i woke up . 
  such a thrilling , heartbreaking read and so satisfying to know his true life story after first hearing about benjamin kyle several years ago . 
  i 've heard that donald trump does n't get drunk because his brother fred died of alcoholism . 
  similar to romney not drinking for religious reasons and dubya not drinking as he 's a recovering alcoholic . 
  although nixon , harding , grant , and jackson spent so much of their presidencies too drunk to stand up and we put two of them on our money . 
  he really should have run in 2000 when the us had a national budget surplus and there was more geopolitical stability . 
  there was plenty of money to build a wall at the mexican border , rebuild roads and bridges across the nation , send astronauts to the moon and back , provide tax incentives to businesses that keep factories open in the rust belt instead of outsourcing , everything else trump is promising this year . 
  all the people building the wall , building the roads and bridges , and working in the factories would pay taxes and contribute to the economy . 
  plus , we 'd have the pride of returning to the moon . 
  also , the middle east had saddam hussein , muammar gaddafi , and hosni mubarak maintaining stable regimes in the middle east , preventing groups like isis from developing . 
  with $ 20 trillion in debt and radical terrorist groups gaining influence , trump 's presidency looks bleak . 
  or fidel castro faked his death . 
  former victoria resident here . 
  colwood is a good hour 's drive from where emma was last seen . 
  if she was on foot , it 's several hours away . 
  i 'd like to know if the guy found the card somewhere in downtown victoria , in colwood , or somewhere else . 
  i lean towards suicide in this case ( although the stalker from ontario and the man who came into the convenience store to rip down emma 's posters puzzle me ) . 
  if she committed suicide or even fell into the water by accident , knowing where the card was found could offer a new area to search for her body . 
  if she died in the inner harbour , i 'd expect her body to still be there . 
  if she died in colwood , her bones would be carried out to sea , impossible to find . 
  it looks like leah missed your question . 
  in `` going clear , '' they mentioned that the church of scientology actively supported proposition 8 in 2008 , trying to keep same-sex marriage illegal in california . 
  the murder rate may be misleading . 
  there are countless missing women in canada . 
  prostitutes in major cities , indigenous women , college students with suicidal tendencies , etc go missing and are never found . 
  many of them could be murder victims . 
  robert pickton , a serial killer in vancouver in the 1980s , picked up prostitutes and homeless women in the rough side of the city . 
  when they were reported missing , the police largely ignored their cases . 
  `` i am a white male who owns a bible and hangs an american flag above his bed . '', 
  * 37428 sjws flee to their nearest safe space *, 
  the most important question to ask when a new treasury secretary is announced :, 
  what does their signature look like ? 
  if hillary is the nominee in 2020 , the donald has a great chance of winning . 
  mostly likely , cory booker , kirsten gillibrand , julian castro , kamala harris , or tulsi gabbard will be the nominee . 
  five candidates who will have trouble relating to white men in the rust belt . 
  they will likely be unable to win michigan , iowa , indiana , or ohio and thus unlikely to earn 270 electoral votes . 
  if the democrats nominated brian schweitzer or sherrod brown , moderate white men from red states , we 'd be in trouble . 
  looks like it !, 
  thank you !, 
  reminds me of the `` craigslist killings '' in ohio a few years back . 
  two accomplices posted an ad looking for help on their 600 + acre property in rural ohio , promising $ 300 a week . 
  they ended up murdering the applicants instead . 
  deep inside democratic party hq :, 
  `` alright , we lost this election because we 're considered the party of west coast elites and have trouble relating to working class voters in the mid-west . '', 
  `` what do you suggest we do ? '', 
  `` keep multi-millionaire incumbent nancy pelosi from california as house leader instead of this young , middle class guy from ohio . '', 
  `` perfect . '', 
  i loved it in 2004 when jon stewart would make fun of bush and kerry and in 2008 when he made fun of obama and mccain . 
  neither party was safe from criticism . 
  in 2016 , john oliver , trevor noah , and samantha bee would dedicate entire segments to defending hillary and bashing trump . 
  it went comedy shows to pro-hillary campaign ads . 
  i gradually stopped watching comedy central . 
  first , the url ends in t = 743s , so it links you to about 12 minutes into the film . 
  no worries , i did n't see any spoilers . 
  great film !, 
  i really did n't know where it would go and it kept me enthralled the whole time . 
  any successful plot needs a good protagonist . 
  we can all relate to donnie , struggling to find work , and then struggling to keep a job or succeed at it . 
  so i started sympathizing for him and cared about what would happen to him . 
  you managed to get a lot of twists and unpredictability into half an hour , which is tough to do . 
  btw at 8:02 , it looked like it was going to turn into a porno . 
  `` is there anything i can do to change your mind ? '', 
  anyway , i 'm now subscribed to you on youtube and looking forward to more uploads !, 
  my great-grandfather immigrated to the united states from the netherlands illegally in 1905 . 
  so i should note that if it were n't for an act of illegal immigration , i would n't be typing this . 
  however , my great-grandfather was arrested for his crime . 
  he was eventually granted citizenship after fighting for the us during world war i. 
  i am satisfied with the fact that a member of my own family was arrested and imprisoned . 
  he committed a crime . 
  what i do n't understand is that people who have also committed the same crime today can just move to berkley or chicago or seattle and avoid arrest and imprisonment . 
  what i also do n't understand is how mayors and city councils can believe they can overrule federal laws . 
  federal law is above state law and state law is above city law . 
  any politician or activist or police officer or anyone else thinking their opinions are above federal law borders on anarchy and treason . 
  i attended uvic from 2011-2015 . 
  i officially graduated in june . 
  i loved my time there and i 'm sure you will too . 
  yes , you will meet people who say that we ca n't have a tim hortons on campus because `` tim hortons is a capitalist enterprise and capitalism must be destroyed '' or people who say `` i identify as transcyborg and if you do n't accept that you 're a bigot , '' but must people are very welcoming and easy going . 
  for every hardcore sjw , there 's 10 people who will roll their eyes . 
  it 's a campus of thousands of people . 
  there are diverse opinions and political beliefs and many with no interest in politics or social justice at all . 
  if you come here , enjoy the beautiful scenery and impressive architecture , explore different neighborhoods and restaurants . 
  do n't pay too much attention to what a member of student government tweets . 
  could n't they have two phones ? 
  like drug dealers , they could have a fancy smart phone for family , friends , and their day job and then a cheap prepaid flip phone for their illegal activities . 
  a bowling pin with teeth drawn on it . 
  very unlikely he landed/crashed in oregon . 
  the stack of $ 20 bills found in the 80s were found where the lewis river flows into the columbia river , on the washington side . 
  investigators should look along the lewis river and its tributaries . 
  ( although i believe they already have . ), 
  hi steve , joe , and/or devon !, 
  once a beatle , always a beatle . 
  ( unless your name is stu or pete . ), 
  did you just assume their habitat ? 
  there was an interview with shirley temple ( black ) when she was serving as ambassador to czechoslovakia when she referred to the child actress as `` her '' instead of `` me . '',
