  president zachary taylor died in office at 65 . 
  warren harding died in office at 57 . 
  joe biden 's son beau died at 46 while serving as attorney general of delaware . 
  congressmembers gabby giffords and steve scalise have been almost fatally wounded in office . 
  people die well before their life expectancy every hour of every day . 
  finally , to paraphrase president jed bartlet , we do have age limits ; they 're called elections . 
  personally , i 'm indifferent . 
  adrian dix , carole james , rob fleming , and the other ndp mlas i met that night were wonderful . 
  john horgan 's behaviour , however , really shocked me . 
  i 'm not anti-ndp , just saying horgan could have treated a foreign student with more respect . 
  the disappearance of kyron horman . 
  u/smokin-okie did a phenomenal three part write up eight months ago . 
  the cell phone of kyron 's mother ( a prime suspect ) pinged on sauvie island , oregon at 10:39 a.m. . at 10:10 a.m. she is confirmed to have been in beaverton , oregon and at 11:39 a.m. she is once again confirmed to have been in beaverton . 
  some theorize that kyron 's mother dumped kyron 's body on sauvie island , gave him to a trafficker on sauvie island , etc. 
  however , it takes 30-40 minutes to get from beaverton to sauvie island . 
  could she really have been in beaverton at 10:10 , taken her son to sauvie island , and returned to beaverton by 11:39 ? 
  most likely not . 
  it 's possible sauvie island was just the site of the nearest cell phone tower . 
  she probably never went to the island that day . 
  no offense taken . 
  it 's just a word . 
  i 'm surprised no one has tried to organize that community . 
  he looks like stephen colbert trying to fight off his audience when they cheer at the ` wrong ' time . 
  in first grade , my friends and i created an imaginary country called goldenrock in the parking lot of our school where we had recess . 
  the country was at first divided into three states : goldenrock island , silverstone island , and clover point . 
  the capital city was my last name and it was located on goldenrock island . 
  there was a city on silverstone island that was my friend peter 's last name and a city on clover point that was my friend alex 's last name . 
  eventually , the country expanded to include desert trees , laddle ( named because it had a puddle that was big like a lake ; lake + puddle = laddle ) , grassy point , garden trees , escape , ivy , and rose island . 
  the capital of desert trees was the last name of my friend zach , the capital of laddle was the last name of my friend brianna , and the capital of garden trees was the last name of my friend chad . 
  unfortunately , i do n't remember the capitals of escape , grassy point , rose island , and ivy . 
  i was the president . 
  my friend patrick was the vice president . 
  peter was the governor of silverstone island and head of the military , alex was the governor of clover point , chad was the governor of garden trees , and zach was the governor of desert trees . 
  brianna became the governor of laddle and head engineer . 
  she helped me build little canals ( about two inches deep and one inch wide ) that connected different puddles when it rained . 
  we also built cities by sticking wood chips into the dirt . 
  and jenni was the treasury secretary . 
  she helped me design and make our own paper currency . 
  around third grade , we had a civil war . 
  the country of goldenrock was reduced to goldenrock island , escape , garden trees , and grassy point . 
  silverstone island and ivy became the country of silverstone . 
  clover point became independent and zach took over desert trees , laddle , and rose island , but i forget what he called his country . 
  our friend john also joined in around this time and created an underwater empire between clover point and desert trees . 
  around fifth grade , we outgrew our countries , but i still think about them when i visit my old school for special events . 
  i used to have really detailed , hand-drawn maps . 
  hopefully , they 're still at my mom 's place somewhere . 
  it was the upper parking lot shared by the school and the church . 
  it was blocked off during school hours ( except for weddings and funerals ) and mostly used only on saturday evenings and sunday mornings . 
  * opens gofundme account *, 
  `` come on ! '', 
  together , we can end tba . 
  i 'm sorry you 're getting downvoted . 
  people forget to downvote comments only if they do n't contribute to the discussion , not just because they disagree with it . 
  i went to university in canada with the son of a prominent pakistani businessman . 
  before they fled to the uae , there were days when my friend could n't go to school because their family got death threats . 
  even the wealthy who live in gated communities are n't safe from gang violence . 
  i hope the redditor is a practical joker . 
  but if he 's real , i hope he fled and has n't posted about it because he still fears retaliation . 
  i posted this six months ago . 
  there was a japanese cartoon in the 1980s . 
  no one knows who wrote the theme song or why it 's in italian . 
  restarting your life after a natural disaster and paying for staggering medical bills are absolutely acceptable reasons to use gofundme . 
  asking your friends to give you $ 200 for a new bike because you got tired of your old one is not worthy of charity . 
  i hope your family is doing much better !, 
  a year or so ago , i posted `` has a serial killer ever killed another serial killer ? '', 
  on this sub . 
  dean corll 's case was mentioned in the comments . 
  i read his bio and felt dead inside for the rest of the day . 
  his crimes are haunting . 
  i always get brandon lawson , brandon swanson , and brian schaffer mixed up . 
  i 'd love for all three to be solved . 
  the island justin lived on was half a kilometer from neebish island , michigan . 
  he could have swum that half kilometer and illegally entered the us to start a new life there . 
  but it was a december night . 
  he would have died of hypothermia before reaching michigan , even before factoring in the speed of the current . 
  the island is also connected by bridge to the transcanada highway . 
  the junction is about 10km from where he was last seen . 
  he could have hitchhiked and ended up as far as victoria , bc or halifax , ns in a few days . 
  if he wanted to run away , he was walking distance from both an unguarded international border and a transcontinental highway . 
  i listened to generation why 's episode on this case . 
  i highly suspect robert wone was a closeted homosexual or bisexual . 
  he and the men whose house he stayed at must have been into bdsm or some other fetish and robert was accidentally killed . 
  i have no other explanation . 
  commenting so i can get notified if you find it . 
  i fell asleep reading the article on l.v. 
  i just finished it this morning !, 
  i 'm going to look up her music and other paramount artists . 
  thank you for sharing !, 
  i 'm from a suburb of seattle . 
  seattle was n't settled by europeans until the mid-19th century . 
  but native americans lived in the area for thousands of years . 
  that of course means that native americans also died and were buried in the area . 
  in my small suburban hometown , someone recently rediscovered written accounts from the town settlers from the 1880s/90s . 
  they claimed that a native cemetery was located east of 9th and dayton . 
  today , 9th and dayton is a residential intersection with million dollar homes on a hill overlooking puget sound and the olympic mountains . 
  the area east of it is a public park , mostly dense forest with walking trails that follow a creek . 
  it 's only been a few months since those documents were published on a local blog . 
  i 'm not aware of any efforts to search for ancient graves . 
  there 's another location that has gotten more attention . 
  comet lodge cemetery was a native burial ground from at least the 19th century .
