  but do n't expect me to push your cart out to the parking lot for you . 
  i did that a few times during my first few months there . 
  we do n't even own the parking lot outside and got told by security and management that leaving company property while on the clock was grounds for termination . 
  anyway , thank you for letting me serve , delight , and engage you while you shop your way !, 
  we ca n't let avery know about this . 
  great podcast again , robin !, 
  it reminded me of a guy who was a year younger than me at my grade school who died of a heart attack during a night of binge drinking in his freshman year of college . 
  i 've only heard secondhand stories , but the common story is that police were n't called until the morning , several hours after he died . 
  his friends were terrified they would be arrested for supplying a minor with alcohol . 
  if you 're an 18 or 19 year old at a party , and a friend dies or becomes unconscious , calling the police is n't always the logical option when you have a room full of underage drinkers and possibly illegal drugs . 
  a few months after the guy from my grade school died , the governor of our state signed a law saying that no charges would be pressed against partiers who call the police to report a medical emergency . 
  it 's possible that the people at the duplex other than kurt were underage drinking and it 's possible that marijuana , cocaine , and other drugs were present . 
  it 's likely no one wanted to call the police for fear of going to jail . 
  jfk did n't become president until 1961 . 
  if we 're saying the most powerful man in the world is the us president , then in 1960 it was eisenhower . 
  this looks smurftastic . 
  thank you , u/visvis , u/kitarn , and u/redbiertje !, 
  i 'm going to assume the site is authentic and that august eggert was born in stettin . 
  from about 1710 until 1871 , stettin was part of the prussian empire , not poland . 
  the prussian empire then merged into the german empire in 1871 . 
  i 'm still proud to be part dutch , even though i 'm less dutch than i thought i was this morning . 
  i live in germany , so i 'm not too far away . 
  it could be a district or neighborhood within stettin . 
  kornelia spuij 's birthplace is listed as pernis , which was an independent city until it was absorbed by rotterdam in 1943 . 
  thank you for your help . 
  his name is robert perry . 
  he 's a children 's book author . 
  his story down by the seaweed cafe is available on amazon . 
  he 's a really nice guy . 
  just politely talk to him and he 'll tell you about his writing . 
  i was born in seattle and lived there until i was 24 and could n't afford to live there anymore . 
  ( average rent for 1 bedroom is $ 2,100 a month . ), 
  the current mayor and the past two mayors have let real estate developers tear down affordable housing and build hundreds of overpriced , low-quality condos and mcmansions that fall apart after ten years . 
  meanwhile , seattle has become a sanctuary city . 
  the student body president at seattle university is an illegal immigrant and he gets celebrated like a hero . 
  when i worked in retail , we had customers ( often business owners ) who would try to sign up for credit cards , but could n't because they did n't have social security numbers . 
  the city does n't care . 
  seattle is also running a clean needles program , where they use taxpayer money to give homeless people ` safe-injection sites ' for heroin use . 
  seattle also just completed digging a one mile long tunnel , which ended up costing more than nasa 's satellite mission to pluto . 
  as a gay person , it 's really sad to see these allegations come out , and i hope they 're not true . 
  so many gay or secretly gay politicians ( harvey milk , larry craig , sam adams ) have been caught in sex scandals . 
  i was hoping ed murray would be a shining example of a gay person in politics with a normal , healthy , monogamous relationship . 
  as a conservative who has opposed seattle 's past three mayors and the far-left direction the city has taken , i want the allegations to be true . 
  moderate democrats are turning against mayor murray and ( actual , no hyperbole ) socialist city councilwoman kshama sawant . 
  it might take a scandal like this to call all the mayor 's decisions into question . 
  mainstream seattlites are accepting of same-sex marriage , abortion , smoking weed , and grunge music . 
  they are not accepting of granting criminals sanctuary from deportation , taxpayer-funded heroin addiction , and nasa-sized budgets for rebuilding roads . 
  i 'm going to be following this story closely . 
  nah , pretty sure it 's ross perot . 
  just came to this sub to post this . 
  you beat me to it , op !, 
  looking forward to all the theories people share . 
  `` how many little kids actually came out of the concentration camps '', 
  according to the article , 451 . 
  about the population of one elementary school out of all of germany , poland , and other occupied countries . 
  i do n't get this reference . 
  who did hillary dress up as donald duck ? 
  what youtube channel discussed this case ? 
  i 've listened to every episode of generation why , thinking sideways , the trail went cold , missing richard simmons , serial , etc. 
  i need a new addiction . 
  it was at the royal bc museum when i visited in 2011 , but had been transferred elsewhere when i went back in 2012 . 
  she lived to see the beginning of the war on terror . 
  if we 're lucky , we 'll live to see the end of it . 
  what 's kia ? 
  she 's from illinois . 
  do n't associate a corrupt chicago politician with the good people of the natural state . 
  i do n't believe he did . 
  the inspiration for the attack has n't been publicly released . 
  trannies , tyrannies ... what 's the difference ? 
  john hinckley , is that you ? 
  why did hitler 's right hand man , rudolf hess , fly to the uk in 1941 ? 
  rudolf hess was the deputy f\u00fchrer ( equivalent of vice president ) since 1933 . 
  he claimed he sought a peace agreement with winston churchill , using the duke of hamilton as an intermediary . 
  he initially wrote to the duke of hamilton in 1940 , offering a peace deal to stop the war . 
  the letter was intercepted by mi5 before reaching the duke . 
  the war was still in its early stages . 
  pearl harbor and us entry were still seven months away . 
  d-day was over three years away . 
  on the night of 10 may 1941 , hess , one of the most powerful men in hitler 's inner circle flew in secret from augsburg , hoping to land at the duke of hamilton 's palace near glasgow . 
  when his plane ran out of fuel , he parachuted south of glasgow , breaking his foot , but otherwise staying unharmed . 
  unable to properly orient himself , he was found by local police . 
  after the war , both rudolf hess and albert speer ( hitler 's chief architect and minister of armaments from 1934 until hitler 's death ) were sentenced to life in prison . 
  the construction of concentration camps began in the 1930s as prison and labor camps , not as death camps , although many were tortured and exhausted to death . 
  the use of gas chambers and the attempt to exterminate jews , roma , and homosexuals did not begin until 1942 . 
  hess was already in the uk before the industrialized genocide of the holocaust really began ( although kristallnacht and the mandatory wearing of yellow stars had already happened ) . 
  speer , on the other hand , was by hitler 's side while the worst atrocities were being committed . 
  in spite of this , speer was released from prison in 1966 . 
  he spent his final years in seclusion , giving rare interviews , but mostly living quietly with his female companion . 
  he donated up to 80 % of his wealth to jewish charities before dying of a stroke in 1981 . 
  hess , who abandoned hitler and came to be seen as a traitor by the nazis only one third into the war , was not granted the freedom speer enjoyed . 
  he committed suicide in 1987 at the age of 93 , hanging himself with an extension cord in the reading room at spandau prison . 
  so why did hess really fly to glasgow ? 
  was he naive enough or optimistic enough to believe he could broker a deal to end world war ii ? 
  or did he have connections that have n't been publicly revealed ? 
  why did speer get released in 1966 but not hess ? 
  did hess have information that would shame or embarrass the british ? 
  hess and speer were both imprisoned at spandau prison in west berlin . 
  they were imprisoned along with baldur von schirach ( leader of the hitler youth ) , karl d\u00f6nitz ( de facto f\u00fchrer during the four weeks following hitler 's suicide ) , and konstantin von neurath ( nazi foreign minister ) . 
  hess was the only one who died in prison . 
  all the others were released early .
