  as far as i know , they 've never used online crowdfunding for any purpose . 
  there are enough companies and agencies that see dollar signs in their eyes when products like this are patented , that public donations are not only unnecessary , but illogical . 
  people want to make an investment , not a donation , on a product like this , so they can make money , not lose money . 
  let 's use windows 95 as an example . 
  if you could travel back in time to 1992 , knowing that in a few years there would be a personal computer in nearly every home in america , would you rather donate money to microsoft or invest in microsoft ? 
  of course , you 'd invest . 
  the same logic applies to this cpac device . 
  if nearly every person with sleep apnea will own this in 2018 , i 'd rather invest than donate . 
  on the timeline provided on the site , they say they wo n't even begin developing a prototype until july 2015 , and would n't expect fda approval until a year after that . 
  so there are chances that ( a ) the prototypes will be unsuccessful or ( b ) the prototype will succeed but get rejected by the fda . 
  but i do n't want to be completely cynical . 
  ideally , the product would succeed , apnea sufferers could have an affordable and lightweight device to help them sleep , and the people who have raised $ 700,000 + can pat themselves on the back for supporting a worthy cause . 
  i did n't walk out of the interview , but after finding out a couple minutes in that the internship would be unpaid , i displayed that i was no longer interested . 
  the interviewer totally understood and we continued having a nice conversation , said i was a `` good kid , '' and he gave me the numbers of some of his contacts in his industry who could interview me for paying jobs . 
  how i met your mother 's primary intention was not be a sitcom , but to be a phenomenon that sucked people in , gave them warm , fuzzy feelings for five years , and then used the final episode to make them lose their faith in humanity , resulting in uncontrollable sadness and , ultimately , anarchy . 
  it really bothers me how inconsistent photo policies are at concerts . 
  someone sitting in the second row can bring in an iphone or droid , but someone sitting 400 feet from the stage often ca n't bring in a dslr . 
  while dslr are superior to camera phones , a shot from 20 feet away can turn out better than one 400 feet away . 
  if i 'm not allowed to bring in a really nice camera while sitting in the cheap seats , then why do they get to bring in a pretty nice camera sitting within talking distance of the performer ? 
  my friend and i went to this bar that did 1940s-style karaoke . 
  she and i were thinking of artists she could cover and when brainstorming came up with the andrews sisters . 
  i then wondered out loud if any of them were still alive . 
  anyway , the conversation moved on and she chose a song by helen forrest . 
  but the next day , the last surviving andrews sister passed away . 
  as a high school sophomore , i went on a trip to germany by myself . 
  while wait at the airport for the flight home , i ran into a guy from my high school and another guy i went to summer camp with in grade school . 
  all three of us were on the same flight . 
  you sound very ambitious . 
  and that 's not a bad thing . 
  but try not to bite more than you can chew . 
  start local . 
  report on community events , regional festivals , promote small businesses , interview candidates for public office in your area . 
  interviewing vegetable growers at a farmers market may not interest you as much as `` world issues , '' but it will help you develop skills needed for a job in journalism . 
  also , if you promote them , they will promote you . 
  be careful with satire . 
  prominent figures are eager to sue , so making fun of celebrities and politicians might get you in some legal trouble . 
  start with pg rated comics about inoffensive topics to practice your artistic skills and enhance your wit . 
  more than anything , be mature and focus on issues and ideas you have a firm understanding of . 
  ( ended my sentence with a preposition . 
  remember to get an editor too ! ), 
  people will dismiss you if you 're just another teenager on the internet acting like a know-it-all about foreign policy , the economy , social issues , etc. 
  before you even get started , follow some other local news outlets . 
  see what stories they cover , how those stories are written , and who ( whom ? 
  again , editor . ), 
  they interview . 
  what is the tone of their articles ? 
  who is their ( and potentially your ) primary audience ? 
  how do they draw their readers in ? 
  how do they conclude their articles ? 
  once you see a good style , know what to include in and exclude from a story , and understand how to conduct a professional conversation with your subject , you can become a writer . 
  not to get your hopes up , but the path to journalism is very slow . 
  i 've met a pulitzer prize winner , a two-time emmy winner , an oscar nominee , and war correspondents who nearly lost their lives doing their jobs . 
  they all started out with no experience , covering stories that in the grand scheme of the world are pretty insignificant . 
  but they developed good reputations , worked hard , kept to the facts , and developed the trustworthiness and professionalism necessary to become famous in the industry . 
  if you can put in the energy and keep your integrity , you can do it too . 
  i saw paul mccartney in concert in seattle in 2013 . 
  for the encore , dave grohl and krist novoselic came onstage as surprise guests . 
  the stadium where i saw them allowed dslr cameras as long as the lens was non-removable . 
  so i brought my old dslr i got as a hand-me-down from my uncle . 
  even with a `` professional '' camera , i was 300 + feet away from the performers , it was dark , the performers were moving unpredictably , and the lighting often changed in brightness and color every few seconds , so the pictures are n't anything i could sell . 
  but i still got a fairly decent shot of dave and paul jamming together , even if it looks fuzzy when it 's bigger than 4x6 . 
  it 's a great memory , and the pictures give me something to hold onto . 
  i 've been to other concerts where cameras like that are n't allowed . 
  i do n't see the point of this policy . 
  there are thousands of pictures of paul mccartney and dave grohl way better than the blurry , grainy shot i got . 
  i could n't sell it if i wanted to . 
  the idea that anyone with a camera better than an iphone can capture a professional-quality photo is nonsense , especially if they 're hundreds of feet away and it 's dark . 
  are you going to buy the pizza or are you just curious ? 
  ne me quitte pas by jacques brel when i 'm feeling sad . 
  la mer by charles trenet when i 'm feeling happy . 
  for youth and tech friendliness , i 'd say seattle , san francisco , and boston . 
  these are all progressive cities known for their large internet companies . 
  however , san francisco is very expensive and boston gets very cold in winter , so i 'd recommend seattle . 
  besides being the home of microsoft and amazon , it also has one of the largest atheist populations in the us and is very safe . 
  ( i 'm also biased because i 've lived in seattle all my life . ), 
  i do n't care about lucille !, 
  she lies !, 
  this is my friend colin 's great-grandmother . 
  this website shows recent polling of hillary clinton against the top 9 republican candidates . 
  http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/2016_presidential_race.html as you can see , hillary beats them all . 
  however , the election is over 15 months away and polls can and will change during this time . 
  for the democratic nomination , i believe hillary will easily win . 
  even after bernie sanders ' ` surge , ' he remains about 20 percent behind clinton in iowa and 10 percent behind her in new hampshire . 
  meanwhile , the rest of the major democratic candidates ( jim webb , martin o'malley , lincoln chafee ) have n't polled beyond single digits . 
  it is likely that hillary could win all 57 primaries and caucuses . 
  the republican nomination is more difficult to predict . 
  in 2007 , it seemed that rudy giuliani would become the nominee in 2008 . 
  giuliani performed very poorly , dropping out early in the primary season . 
  mccain emerged rather unpredictably as the nominee . 
  in 2011 , rick santorum often came in dead last in republican polls , but came in first in iowa and several other states , getting the second most delegates in the 2012 republican nomination . 
  right now , there is no clear front runner for the party . 
  jeb bush and scott walker have been bobbing up and down in polls , but seem the most likely to get the nomination . 
  donald trump has been surging in the past few weeks , but remains unpopular in the party and will likely be unable to surpass bush or walker when candidates such as george pataki , bobby jindal , lindsey graham , and carly fiorina drop out and their supporters switch their preference to bush or walker . 
  rand paul has a loyal following that could see him finish second or third in several states , but i do n't think he can attract enough voters to finish first in any . 
  in my opinion , hillary clinton will be the democratic nominee and either jeb bush or scott walker will be the republican nominee . 
  hillary will ultimately win the 2016 election . 
  what ruined it for me is `` capecod , ma . '', 
  cape cod is n't a city , but a peninsula containing 15 cities . 
  and there should be a space between the e and the c. . . 
  my childhood friend 's mother was an acquaintance of ted bundy .
