  i guess after so many decades you can feel like a different person . 
  the 60 year old diplomat is no longer the 6 year old movie star . 
  likewise , ringo , the 75 year old solo artist who performs at county fairs is no longer ringo , the 25 year old drummer in the biggest band on the planet . 
  what about bambi 3 : return of bambi 's mother 's ghost ? 
  the disappearance of david sneddon , a young mormon american who went missing after hiking along a steep gorge in southeastern china in 2004 . 
  at first it seemed like he joined the tragically high number of people who accidentally fell to their death in the gorge . 
  but when his family searched for him , they met locals who reported seeing a white tourist who matched his pictures who spoke fluent korean days after he hiked the trail . 
  sneddon was fluent in korean after serving a two year mission in south korea for his church . 
  if he did n't die on the hike , how did he disappear several days later ? 
  yeah , the daily mail had an article saying that he was kidnapped by the north koreans and became kim jong un 's english teacher . 
  the daily mail also said amanda knox was a member of a satanic sex cult , so i have reasonable doubt . 
  came here to say ridgway . 
  there was an interview with his son some ten years after his arrest where he describes his father as a normal suburban soccer dad . 
  `` we now have reports that russian hackers brought down malaysian airlines flight 370 . 
  we 'll now show you 3d computer animated reenactments of trump ordering putin to order hackers to take over the plane 's controls . 
  as we can see , th - '', 
  * breaking news graphic appears on screen *, 
  `` we are now showing live footage of a university where a white male shooter has killed several people . 
  local police officer say this white male american gunman was named ... abdul razak ali artan ... and he had a knife , not a gun . 
  okay , nothing to see here !, 
  back to the malaysian plane ! '', 
  reminds me of an episode of penn & teller when they talked to a woman in florida whose hoa said the species of grass in her yard was not the species approved by the hoa . 
  the grasses looked nearly identical to the naked eye , but hers was a native species that required less watering . 
  she could either pay to have her yard dug up , pay to have her yard reseeded , then pay a more expensive water bill ... or move out . 
  i went to rye playland in rye , new york with my aunt in the summer of 2007 . 
  we went on one of those viking ship rides that swing back and forth . 
  there was this really obnoxious guy who kept standing up , almost falling over , as the ride tilts nearly 90 \u00b0 . 
  the next morning , my aunt drives me to jfk to fly back home and we hear a news report on the radio about someone who died at rye playland the night before by being flung from a ride . 
  i thought it must have been that guy who was on the viking ship with us . 
  i later looked up that it was a female employee . 
  her family was awarded $ 700,000 in 2013 . 
  amusement parks are just dangerous . 
  you can have a guy endangering himself on one ride while an employee who follows the rules gets killed on another ride on the same night . 
  there was a mystery posted on here about the theme song of a japanese cartoon which aired from 1978-1987 . 
  strangely , the japanese children 's show has a theme song in italian . 
  italian redditors have tried googling the lyrics trying to find the artist and no results come up . 
  so the mysteries were ... who wrote , produced , and sang this song ? 
  was it written specifically for the show ? 
  if not , why was it selected ? 
  someone eventually found that the song has roughly the same melody as the theme from this italian comedy film from 1962 . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pqaxhkpbru ( 0:00 -1:46 ), 
  so now the mysteries are ... was the 1978 song plagiarized from the 1962 song ? 
  or was it original and just coincidentally similar ? 
  if it was plagiarized , who did it and why ? 
  if you dig further into this rabbit hole , you 'll find conspiracy theories that the mafia ran a recording studio where they copied other artists ' music and sold their recordings to tv studios . 
  it made me laugh thinking that tough mobsters who brutally murder people would also oversee the writing of cheesy pop songs for romantic comedies and cartoons . 
  it looks like a cat 's face on the right side and an anteater 's face on the left side . 
  catanteater . 
  i could buy two bananas with that much money . 
  are they african swallows or european swallows ? 
  whenever i stumble over something i 'm reading i say `` i 'm a little bit illiterate . '', 
  it 's a nice tongue twister . 
  between 10:00 a.m. and 7 p.m. eastern time . 
  east coast states announce their results earliest , alaska and hawaii last . 
  whereas charlie is a mighty cuck . 
  each state votes separately . 
  east coast states will announce their results around 10 a.m. eastern time . 
  alaska and hawaii will announce around 7 p.m. eastern time . 
  it 's like watching the polls close on election night . 
  cbs said some states will be livestreaming the votes . 
  are you saying i should n't trust the msm ? 
  per their ama , i would n't give them 50 cents . 
  why should the generation of germans born 1980-2010 atone for crimes committed by germans born 1880-1910 ? 
  the people arguing that white germans need to pay for resources for arab refugees as reparations are the same ones who say white americans need to pay black americans reparations ( even if it 's a low-income white family whose family immigrated after the civil war ) . 
  obama supported same-sex marriage as a state senator in the early 2000s . 
  when he ran for us senate in 2004 , his advisors told him to switch his position . 
  he remained publicly opposed in 2008 . 
  then when joe biden and education secretary arne duncan came out in support of same-sex marriage in 2012 , obama did a week later , saying his views suddenly evolved . 
  then in 2013 or so , david axelrod wrote his memoir where he said obama supported same-sex marriage very strongly in his 2004 and 2008 campaigns , but his advisors thought he would lose if he was honest . 
  so he listened to his advisors instead of his conscience . 
  barack obama threw gays under the bus to get elected . 
  he chose power over values . 
  can we get `` feminists for islam '' and `` islam for feminists '' too ? 
  ah . . she killed a pedestrian the following year . 
  i read this as she got killed the following year . 
  i was trying to wrap my head around how she became a nazi sympathizer 20 years before the national socialists were elected into power . 
  and she jumped overboard when it was way too cold . 
  there would have been a flood of eastern european refugees entering western europe like there were 1989-1991 . 
  like in reality , the refugees would pose an economic burden on the west . 
  in real life , however , germany , france , the uk , etc had 45 years since the end of wwii to develop robust economies and streamlined welfare programs . 
  with only 15 years after wwii , the economies and welfare systems were n't at this level . 
  some good news , though . 
  if the soviet union collapsed before its invasion of afghanistan , the us would have less reason to fund , arm , and train the mujahideen . 
  a weak mujahideen would likely not have developed into al qaeda , and thus no one would have planned 9/11 . 
  it 's a great day !, 
  for being sad . 
  gay atheist from a blue state in bed with my boyfriend wishing my fellow trump supporters a merry christmas !, 
  i would gladly accept # 50 in my checking account . 
  canada definitely . 
  trudeau and a liberal majority will legalize it soon . 
  us will be pretty chaotic . 
  a handful of states say it 's legal , but the federal government says it 's illegal . 
  governors rely on it for increased revenues , but the incoming us attorney general wants to ban it altogether . 
  it could easily become a supreme court case . 
  no idea how they would rule on it . 
  what would it take for the us to ` recognize ' another country ? 
  does the president sign an executive order saying `` effective december 29 , 2016 the unites states of america recognizes palestine '' ? 
  does he need approval from congress ? 
  rivals were easy come , easy go . 
  thank you for this detailed , well-researched answer !,
