  the next day , marjorie 's parents had her switch schools . 
  learning about the harsh realities of segregation is too much for some people . 
  yes . 
  same premise : machiavellian politician will do anything to get to the top and stay on top . 
  in marine biology in my senior year of high school , there was a trans ( mtf ) kid and another guy who claimed to be `` transdragon . '', 
  the transdragon guy kept trying to be friends with the other trans person , but the mtf person refused to accept that transdragonism was a thing and wanted nothing to do with him . 
  my grandma 's name was wanda . 
  you just gave me terrible mental images . 
  i 'm from seattle and i ran cross country in high school . 
  we ran 5ks in lake sammamish park . 
  i had no idea ted bundy abducted girls there . 
  i saw ringo on july 19 , 2008 and paul on july 19 , 2013 . 
  during the concerts i was in a surreal emotional high . 
  but i have to tell you , every concert since then feels pretty meh after the incredible performances by the fab two . 
  did the pepe eagle touch you ? 
  show me on this doll where he touched you . 
  my grandma had esophagus cancer and suffered from malnutrition because she was pretty much living off soup and yogurt . 
  she lost so much weight in her last couple years . 
  she had an open casket funeral , and her body looked like she did before the cancer . 
  i know it 's morbid as hell , but it was nice to see her with the swelling because she looked like a healthy weight one last time , not frail and skeletal . 
  maeby if she 's your cousin . 
  these two , plus `` soon we 'll be away from here . 
  step on the gas and wipe that tear away . '', 
  am i the only person here who writes only in cursive unless filling out a document which explicitly tells me to use print ? 
  the number of people on here who say `` the only people who use cursive are grandparents writing birthday cards '' is really shocking . 
  this must have been what christian grey was like before he got rich . 
  would you happen to live in victoria , bc ? 
  we have a homeless guy just like that . 
  he speaks italian , german , and french , says he was married for a number of years , and says he attended a boarding school in switzerland . 
  now he stands outside mcdonalds explaining how jews control all the banks . 
  similar thing happened to me when i was dogsitting a few weeks ago . 
  the family live in a three story craftsman from the 1910s and i was there for 7 nights or so . 
  around midnight one night , it 's completely quiet and then a voice starts yelling from the living room and i jump in my seat , startled and terrified . 
  the dog had stepped on a kid 's toy ( a fire fighter or something ) which had a button that you pressed to make it say catchphrases . 
  facebook is just the latest means of circulating unverified news stories . 
  people who say `` i do n't trust facebook because of all the fake stories '' in the 2010s is n't so different from saying `` i do n't trust the tabloids at the grocery store '' in the 1990s or `` i do n't trust the snake oil salesman gazette '' in the 1890s . 
  there will always be pseudo-journalists trying to get their biases , sensational headlines , and lies out there . 
  and they will adapt to changes in media and technology . 
  we live in a world where we can find hundreds of news sources at our fingertips and people often choose sources that tell them what they want . 
  if you 're center-left , you watch msnbc . 
  if you 're center-right , you watch fox . 
  if you believe obama is a reptile god who wants your guns , there 's probably a blog for you too . 
  it 's really difficult to find a news outlet or writer that does n't carry some bias . 
  so if there 's a story you read that seems kinda fishy , double or triple check it with other outlets . 
  i met a girl in college whose parents live in the same vancouver suburb as joni mitchell . 
  joni showed up to a party there one time . 
  she was one of the last to arrive , did n't talk much , and was one of the first to leave . 
  even at private events , she 's reclusive . 
  oh god , the day robert plant dies everyone on facebook will share `` stairway to heaven '' and related memes . 
  this must be the biggest little easter egg . 
  ooga booga big . 
  ooga booga strong . 
  i 'm gon na sing my ooga booga song . 
  we 're going to call it the wood block . 
  what about kevin 's police cover band ? 
  plus the oliver north song . 
  so my boyfriend ( from germany ) applied for a canadian work permit in september . 
  he got an email from cic within 24 hours of applying which said he had been approved and he would receive the permit in around 30 days . 
  in november , he called cic , asking about the delay . 
  cic said they had no record of his application . 
  a few phone calls later , he found out the computers at cic had crashed or malfunctioned during the week in september when he initially applied for the work permit . 
  so in january cic had him to pay a $ 200 `` restoration fee '' for them to recover his application and continue processing it . 
  so basically , he got fined for a problem on their end . 
  it 's now been about 30 days since his application was restored . 
  if it does n't arrive , then it 's pretty much fuck canada . 
  that 's the current plan . 
  i 've studied german since 2007 . 
  we 've been together since 2014 . 
  we 'll see if the german government is more competent than canada 's . 
  economically , i understand why developers want to build as quickly and as cheaply as possible . 
  but the quality of these new condos and office buildings is often really poor . 
  i live in a condo in the suburbs that was built during the real estate bubble around 2005 . 
  when we moved in , i could n't close my bedroom or closet doors , because the doors were wider than the frames . 
  the settling of the foundation over the last decade has created two cracks , one across the entire wall between my bedroom and bathroom , and another across the entire wall between my bathroom and the kitchen . 
  it 's a decade-old building that shows more age than a century-old building . 
  in 2011 , the city of seattle ordered the demolition of a 25-story apartment building in belltown , built in 2001 , because it was found to have severe structural flaws . 
  if the city approves the construction of a cheaply and quickly built skyscraper taller than the columbia center , i really want to feel confident that it will last more than 10 years before showing signs of serious damage . 
  copyright trial of the century . 
  humiliating , profanity-laced shouting against high-pitched screaming and deep moaning . 
  my grandpa , who passed away in 2002 , had a brown dog beanie baby that he kept on the dashboard in his truck . 
  my mom has kept it on the dashboard in her car for 14 years now . 
  it 's nice to hear that someone else has a beanie baby they keep in memory of someone they 've lost . 
  absolutely . 
  i used to sit in on uvss meetings and heard some lovely sjw gems . 
  one time the person who opened the meeting said that the mere presence of white people on north america was an act of violence . 
  almost everyone nodded in agreement . 
  another time the directors were discussing funding for clubs , including a group which raised money for children in africa . 
  one director went through the group 's facebook page and saw that it was mostly white students involved . 
  they agreed that it was ` problematic ' that white people were trying to help africans and compared it to colonialism . 
  one last example before i go overboard . 
  when carsa was still in the planning stages , uvic originally planned to build a seven story parkade next to it . 
  the group concluded that providing extra parking ` promoted car culture ' and that instead we should protest for more bike lanes and more bus routes . 
  a conversation then continued about how owning a car that runs on gas is a terrible and harmful thing to do . 
  i 've been following the uvss since 2011 now . 
  each year , a group of inexperienced students , well-intentioned or not , is put in charge of a budget of $ 10 million . 
  with all due respect , a 21 year old full time student , even a financially responsible one , is not ready to handle millions of dollars . 
  the uvss does a great job organizing concerts on the roof of the sub in september , organizing clubs day each semester , and highlighting student concerns . 
  managing a restaurant , a movie theater , and minority advocacy groups , as well as demanding legal action over free speech cases , however , seems above their heads . 
  the trick is to go on cracked once every 6 months or so and read the best articles since you last went there . 
  going there weekly or monthly and expecting hours of good content is unrealistic .
