  in the past decade , though , the articles have gotten shorter and half of each issue is just advertisements . 
  maybe fox will be able to restore the magazine to its former glory . 
  most small businesses have very slim profit margins and any increase in labour costs could force them to close . 
  we need to overcome this notion that all business owners are greedy and insanely wealthy . 
  most are middle class and worry about the cost of living as much as their employees do . 
  great story !, 
  it reminds me a bit of the twilight zone episode `` willoughby '' where a man on a train who has a rough life stops off in paradise ; or at least that 's what he thinks ... 
  did insurance cover that ? 
  i once worked a manual labour job where my co-worker was a drug abuser . 
  i sometimes feel like asking that question just so i know i do n't have to end up working with another cokehead . 
  there are companies that have applicants use reddit during interviews ? 
  i did some work on the side for a small biotech company , managing their social media pages , writing press releases , and photographing visits from business leaders and politicians . 
  like you , i made little compensation ( about $ 200 over three years ) . 
  i included it on a resume when i applied to be a communications intern at a much larger biotech company . 
  i got asked `` what department did you work in ? 
  '' , `` how many hours did you work per week ? 
  '' , and `` how did you get along with your co-workers ? '', 
  given that i was n't an official employee , worked an average of zero hours per week at this company , and had no co-workers , i tried to downplay this job and tried to change the subject to real jobs i 've had . 
  the interviewer decided not to ask any questions about my legitimate 9:00 -5:00 monday-friday jobs and passed on my candidacy . 
  so , from my experience , do n't include this work on your resume . 
  a few years ago i had a roommate who liked to go jogging at night . 
  one night , a cop car pulled next to him and the officer asked him what he was running from . 
  my roommate explained to her that he was just out for a jog . 
  she immediately did not believe him . 
  the officer then asked where my roommate lived ( about two blocks away ) and said he was going to run from calumet ave to darwin rd. 
  the officer argued that calumet does not intersect with darwin . 
  my roommate then had her drive forward to the end of the block to the intersection of calumet and darwin and ( likely upon being embarrassed ) she kept on driving . 
  second best case scenario they find biggie chillin with waldo . 
  i used to trade my friend tom regular quarters for state quarters . 
  one time i gave him four faded quarters with the eagle on the back for four brand new , shiny north carolina quarters with the wright brothers ' plane on the back . 
  i got a rock ... 
  sorry for my ignorance , but how does one prove that they are an experienced climber ? 
  do they get a notarized letter stating they 've summited x number of peaks over x thousand meters high ? 
  similar story with my grandma 's older sister . 
  they lived in iowa in the 1930s . 
  when my great-aunt , then a teenager , got pregnant , she moved to florida for nine months or so , then came back to iowa . 
  i did n't find out about this until after both my great-aunt and grandma had passed away . 
  from what i know , the family has no contact with the child born in florida in the 1930s . 
  `` pardon you ? 
  you were already pardoned ! '', 
  i 've only met one jamaican person before . 
  his name was sebastian and when he introduced himself i said `` oh , like the crab ! '', 
  i saw myself out . 
  weston-super-mare is also john cleese 's hometown . 
  i wonder if he 's been to this spot too . 
  people are way too cautious sometimes . 
  my next door neighbour called the cops when two black guys turned around in our cul-de-sac ... 
  george martin wrote and performed the piano solo in `` in my life . '', 
  he also wrote the orchestral score in `` a day in the life . '', 
  so on at least two songs , martin deserves partial credit for songwriting . 
  incredible that paul gave her his sgt. 
  pepper medal . 
  i wonder where paul got his from originally . 
  i know that john borrowed pete best 's grandfather 's war medal via pete 's mother mona . 
  at the time , pete was still very bitter about being kicked out of the group and he was upset with his mother when he found out she did that favour for john . 
  there 's a really good documentary on youtube about stuart that has interviews with his sister and fiancee which goes into detail about his art career and influence on paul , john , and george . 
  my grandpa , dad , and i have the same name . 
  we have all flown on one specific airline and their computers ca n't tell us apart despite different birth dates , passport numbers , etc. 
  so on boarding passes , my dad 's name is `` john doe '' ii and i 'm `` john doe '' iii . 
  it 's annoying . 
  the end of she 's electric by oasis is also the ending from with a little help from my friends . 
  well they 've probably been in the pocket of his page jacket since 19 . . hubuhduh . 
  there are some beautiful spots on the side of highways where you can get views comparable to those in national park . 
  some of my favourites included black dragon canyon in emery county , utah ; liberty bell spires near mazama , washington ; and the columbia gorge along the washington/oregon border . 
  the prime minister is n't the head of state in canada . 
  it 's the queen . 
  completed . 
  good luck with your survey !, 
  my second cousin had a duck dynasty themed wedding . 
  haunting , but beautiful song . 
  it appears that the band goes by the name joerud , with a lower case j. 
  ancient agrarians . 
  mmm whatcha say ? 
  we had a weird kid that went to our high school freshman , sophomore , and junior year . 
  he was just ` off . ', 
  he never used his locker . 
  instead , he carried around a big duffel bag and sprinted through the halls with it . 
  he was n't very good at communicating , but he was pretty polite and a bit of a class clown so people were n't too hard on him . 
  a few days into our senior year ( september 2011 ) , people started asking `` hey , have you seen ( weird kid ) ? '', 
  and within a week or so we realized he did n't go to our school anymore . 
  we checked facebook and he had n't posted anything in months . 
  we asked teachers if they knew where he went and they did n't tell us anything . 
  in april or may of that school year , i was in a photography class . 
  we used the computers for photoshop but the teacher barely looked up from his desk so we could browse the web or whatever and he would n't notice . 
  one of the guys in the class came from a cop family . 
  his dad , grandpa , uncles , etc were all police officers , so this kid liked checking out criminal databases and reading about trials and stuff . 
  so in class one day , he 's browsing the sex offender register and sees a profile of the weird kid who disappeared over the summer . 
  turns out he molested a six year old boy . 
  last i heard , he 's still in jail . 
  where is the new england village ? 
  i 'd love to see more pictures of it . 
  it 's the final countdown !, 
  does anyone want to join me in looking for his spirit ? 
  we can call ourselves grossbusters . 
  i was in an art show last summer . 
  to decide which pictures to display , i asked friends what the 10 best pictures i had taken were . 
  most of their answers i agreed with . 
  some i absolutely disagreed with . 
  and there were some of mine i really liked that my friends thought were okay at best . 
  i ended up selling 2 12 `` x16 '' canvas prints and 5 5 `` x7 '' greeting cards .
