  we usually got to the part where they had to enter their social security number , which was when they would tell me they did n't have one . 
  my questions for a current ice agent :, 
  what should cashiers do in this situation ? 
  is there a hotline we can call ? 
  a part of me still regrets not doing something in these situations . 
  i had application forms filled out with names and signatures of business owners who likely did not pay income taxes and were n't here legally . 
  i do n't want to look for illegal immigrants . 
  i do n't want to look for shoplifters either . 
  but we got shoplifted once a month or so . 
  i was able to write down their license plate numbers and call the police . 
  i 'm an english teacher now btw . 
  my retail days are over . 
  long url , i 'm sorry . 
  this book says he freed eight slaves in response to the emancipation proclamation . 
  i 'm really excited to see how high-resolution , cgi-produced 3d designs and virtual reality evolve . 
  i can imagine this being the new frontier of travel . 
  you can buy a program for chicago 2020 or new york 1940 or pompeii 75 a.d. and `` travel '' there in your own home . 
  i remember playing a tony hawk game at a friend 's house when i was 12 or so where you could skate through berlin , barcelona , or other cities . 
  instead of playing the game i would just walk around the cities and look at the buildings ( this was before google street view ) . 
  people in the future can spend $ 2000 on a trip to italy , and experience the beauty of the cities with mobs of tourists , clouds and rain , and a language barrier , or they can experience the beauty for $ 50 and not leave their homes . 
  `` maybe offensive words will become crimes . '', 
  the podcast stuff you missed in history class made a great episode about it . 
  chief seattle did give a speech in 1857 . 
  the supposed text of the speech , however , was n't published until 1887 . 
  seattle 's authentic writings showed that he had great respect for the settlers in the northwest who knew more advanced ways to feed , clothe , and shelter themselves . 
  the fake speech that said he hated white settlers was made up to sell newspapers . 
  top of page 71 . 
  the tumblr account dead presidents is run by author and presidential historian anthony bergen . 
  he 's a very reliable source . 
  easy d, 
  ugh ... this ... 
  i used to work at sears . 
  people would bring clothing they bought at jcpenney that jcpenney would n't refund them for . 
  i would tell them no , my supervisor would tell them no , and then my manager would tell them no . 
  this is going to backfire on liberals . 
  if blue states refuse to obey federal laws on immigration , red states will stop obeying laws on same-sex marriage and abortion . 
  the supreme court needs to remind governor inslee and ag ferguson that federal law trumps state law . 
  if the supreme court sides with washington , then it sets the precedent for states to ignore roe v. wade and obergefell v. hodges . 
  i 'm in no way justifying milo 's comments . 
  the left says that the republicans are a party of perverts and sexual deviants ( milo , larry craig , arnold schwarzenegger , newt gingrich ) . 
  we need to remind them of jfk , harvey milk , bill clinton , anthony weiner , etc in the democratic party . 
  there are creeps in both parties . 
  we need to drain the swamp in the both parties . 
  you probably wrote this as a joke , but it almost happened at my university . 
  a mental health club hosted a screening of mrs. doubtfire shortly after robin williams died to boost suicide prevention . 
  the lgbt club ( which i got banned from btw ) declared the film offensive to trans people and demanded the campus theatre not show it . 
  the movie went ahead as planned . 
  i wrote a letter . 
  they responded by saying my attitudes did not contribute to the creation of a safe space . 
  really ? 
  if there were a pompeii-style ancient civilization emerging from the ice in antarctica , it would n't be a secret . 
  it would be the next machu picchu , a multi-billion dollar tourist attraction for the 1 % . 
  thank you for telling us about this case and for writing such a detailed summary , even though english is not your native language !, 
  the 2002 disappearance of lisa marie young from nanaimo , british columbia . 
  is this real ? 
  the low quality gives me doubt . 
  / r/itcotoninaflash, 
  i was there last night !, 
  i live in leipzig and had an hour to spend in dresden coming back from the bastei . 
  not my first time there , but always beautiful . 
  the theory that 30 rock takes place in the same universe as unbreakable kimmy schmidt and mad men . 
  i hope i 'm allowed to copy and paste a comment i made about a year ago on here :, 
  as a current sears employee , i really want to apologize for the terrible customer service . 
  i 'm usually the only employee in three departments ( tools , lawn and garden , and fitness ) . 
  so if there 's someone looking for a lawnmower , someone looking for a set of screwdrivers , and someone looking for a tent all at the same time , i can only help one of you . 
  god forbid someone comes by with a cart full of clothes from the other side of the store . 
  then i have to ring up ten shirts while mrs. lawnmower and mr. tent wait for me . 
  our return policy is 30 days . 
  and that 's if we can prove you paid for it within the last month by either looking you up in our rewards program or by seeing your receipt . 
  you got the item as a gift ? 
  too bad . 
  i am not allowed to return it for you . 
  i ca n't even give you store credit . 
  our signs all over the department that say craftsman tools have a lifetime warranty ? 
  very misleading . 
  our hand tools ( wrenches , pliers , screwdrivers , tape measures , etc ) have lifetime warranties . 
  that sander or drill you drove 75 miles to replace for free ? 
  you have to pay $ 100 for a brand new one . 
  the average employee at my store stays about six months . 
  you will most likely talk to an employee still in training or still learning where items are . 
  it 's amazing how many times a week cashiers page me asking where extension cords or duct tape or flashlights are . 
  they have no idea what items are 20 feet away from them . 
  need to get your lawnmower or weed whacker or leaf blower repaired ? 
  we will send you to a place 10 miles away that has no affiliation with sears . 
  need that garage door opener installed or barbecue delivered to you ? 
  another company will do that . 
  and good luck getting them to show up the day you schedule for them . 
  you 've been browsing sears.com but wanted to come into the store to see the item in person ? 
  great !, 
  the item was $ 129.99 online and is $ 159.99 in store ? 
  we ca n't match that price . 
  you can either buy it here now for the extra $ 30 or buy it online and wait about two hours for it to get processed through our systems so you can pick it up . 
  we used to be an american icon . 
  the sears tower ? 
  no longer owned by sears . 
  the flag neil armstrong planted on the moon ? 
  an american made flag sold by sears . 
  want an american flag from sears now ? 
  you have to buy it online from a third party company that manufactures them in china . 
  but really , i hope you enjoy your visit to sears .
