  i 'm a gay uvic student . 
  my boyfriend and i voted no , as did two of our other gay friends . 
  cuba looks about three times bigger . 
  op 's family wins christmas . 
  everybody else go home . 
  i 've been an arrested development fan for a few years and a django reinhardt fan for a few years . 
  never put the two of them in one thought until now . 
  what was the fancy gothic tower at the intersection of lake shore drive and north ave ? 
  i looked it up on google maps and there 's a modern glass and steel office building there now . 
  december 3rd was also the 50th anniversary of the release of rubber soul . 
  maybe releasing an album right before christmas is a good marketing technique . 
  who would n't want a new beatles album under their tree ? 
  corbett castrated himself in the 1850s . 
  he shot booth in 1865 and was last seen in 1888 . 
  the self-castration was presumably unrelated to his death . 
  did any of the patients have contagious diseases that they gave to their rapist ( s ) ? 
  why am i getting downvoted ? 
  i 'm actually curious if there were soldiers who got measles or tuberculosis or other deadly diseases from the hospital patients they raped . 
  in april of 2011 , a nuclear power plant in ohio actually did emit higher-than-normal radiation . 
  definitely not suggesting a military cover-up . 
  just saying the people with geiger counters in the region were n't making up their high readings . 
  the sandy hook conspiracy really hits home for me . 
  my aunt , uncle , and cousin live in newtown , connecticut . 
  my uncle went to sandy hook elementary . 
  my aunt volunteers at the church obama and the parents spoke at . 
  i 've visited newtown several times . 
  their community does n't need this hate and lies . 
  no community does . 
  i met a woman ( age 60 or so ) when i was 18 or 19 at an earth day festival . 
  she was the first person to tell me about chemtrails . 
  she said that she runs a blog about chemtrails and that `` government agents '' frequently follow her around the grocery store , tailgate her on the highway , and harass her in other ways . 
  she clearly was n't well . 
  i want to watch a dr strangelove parody with this theory . 
  despicable meme . 
  what is it with unsolved murders and people named jack ruby ? 
  we had kony 2012 posters on a bunch of bus stops in victoria , bc , canada . 
  just finished a paper on how terrible post-war urban planning in the us was . 
  this comment fuels my frustration . 
  in third grade , i got accused of beating up the computer science teacher 's son at recess . 
  i had been playing with the same couple of friends that i always played with , and i was going back to class after recess like i normally did ... until i got stopped by the vice principal . 
  apparently , a group of kids from another grade identified me as the kid who beat up the teacher 's kid , who i did n't even know . 
  so she takes me to her office where i 'd been asked to apologize to the kid . 
  once i get there , the teacher 's son sees me and says `` who 's this ? 
  this is n't the guy who beat me up . '', 
  so the vice principal apologized to me for the mix-up and sent me back to class . 
  more like , how deep are we going to be accused of going ? 
  so my mom has a friend who is an alcoholic , though i do n't think either of them have admitted it . 
  i know this , because said friend came to a party at our house once , got drunk , and yelled `` i hate my life !, 
  alcohol is my only friend ! '', 
  from our deck . 
  in eighth grade , i babysat for her two sons . 
  it was a normal day babysitting . 
  i had a good deal of experience before . 
  my mom dropped me off in the morning , we watched tv , went outside for a bit , i made them mac and cheese , and nothing really eventful happened . 
  their parents came back in the evening , drove me to my house , and paid me . 
  normal gig . 
  the next day , my mom gets a call from their dad . 
  he found an empty bottle of wine under the kitchen sink and said neither he nor his wife bought it . 
  so he accused me ( 14 at the time ) of bringing the bottle over and drinking it and demanded for their money back . 
  of course , i deny it . 
  not really sure how this got resolved . 
  my parents stood by me and make sure i kept the money i earned . 
  i have n't seen the family since then ( this was halloween 2006 ) . 
  i just hope their mother got the help she needs . 
  how can forensics determine she spent the last 7.5 months in that region ? 
  is there something in the soil or air there ? 
  i met someone who got their masters in `` gothic imagination . '', 
  they teach german fairy tales and poetry to college students now . 
  maybe there 's a fairy tale about the elves and the unicorn saddle maker . 
  my grandparents lived in hemet . 
  there 's a picture of me here in 1998 or so with the reservoir in the background mostly dry and another around 2008 at the same spot with the reservoir almost full . 
  i made it from beacon hill to edmonds in 30 minutes today . 
  i thought i entered into a time warp . 
  the hundred games . 
  as a seattle resident , i would love to hop on a train to san francisco for a weekend trip . 
  it would be much cheaper than a flight and more relaxing than driving . 
  right now , it would take 26 hours to get from seattle to san fran by train . 
  a bullet train ( traveling 200 mph ) could cover that distance in under 5 hours . 
  gipper . 
  wo n't back down by tom petty has the same melody as stay with me by sam smith . 
  ( tom petty now owns the rights to both songs . ), 
  groovy kind of love , made famous by phil collins in the 1970s , has the same melody as sonatina in g major , written by muzio clementi in the 1790s . 
  i 'm distantly related to claus and sunny von b\u00fclow by marriage . 
  my great-uncle 's wife was sunny 's cousin if i recall correctly . 
  i really do n't know much about the case . 
  it was a sensitive subject for my great-aunt , who passed away a few years ago , so i never talked about it with her . 
  if you 'd like to make a post , i 'd love to know more about the case . 
  sherman marched to the zee . 
  * gets pulled over *, 
  `` what seems to be the problem , officer ? '', 
  `` you were driving alone in the carpool lane . '', 
  `` umm ... 
  but hitler 's ghost is in the passenger seat . '', 
  the 24 worst pieces of manufactured outrage and gossip of 2015, 
  ( # 13 will surprise you ! ), 
  or the * x-files * theme . 
  youuu 're aaa crook , captain hook !, 
  my fourth grade teacher did this to us around mlk day . 
  i had brown eyes so i got to sit at my desk and use a pencil while the kids with eyes of different colors had to sit on the floor and use broken pieces of crayon . 
  my friend marjorie had blue eyes so she was one of the kids on the floor .
