late night , i agree , should have used a better choice of word . 
  a breakdown just by nationality/ethnicity . 
  i could dispute your use of `` legally '' though :p i do n't think the poor poles agreed to the partitions . 
  that 's the question . 
  you 've all those like rusyns , lemkos , hutsuls etc within the territory as well . 
  i guess roughly i 'd go for those who spoke polish even though you 'd still miss out on a lot as you quite rightly pointed out . 
  i know the austro-hungarian army had data on the makeup of their units , german , hungarian , polish , czech , slovak etc. 
  be interesting to see date from other countries . 
  i 'm sure it 'd be possible . 
  i 'd like to see a breakdown for occupied countries too like poland , czech republic , ireland , balkans etc. 
  be interesting to see how much of the load was carried by them . 
  strange algeria is n't marked as part of france too . 
  i do n't think ni has ever truly been independent so there was n't much to regain . 
  i 'm also not an expert on republicanism but i 'm fairly sure the ira/inla and other groups were `` blowing shit up '' as you eloquently put it to seek about the reunification of ireland as opposed to creating an independent state in the six counties . 
  compared to the irish and basques they 're amateurs . 
  hey , maybe we should get rid of all them from europe because they 're clearly psychologically disturbed and prone to violence . 
  well i 'm glad to know terrorism is completely linked to where you 're from . 
  i guess i 'll abandon my job and begin a new career as a bomb maker and work on destroying the british state because that 's what i 'm meant to do . 
  how wrong was this humble irishman to think he could be a productive member of society . 
  dead right lads . 
  do n't be ruled from london . 
   mistakes were made , but ultimately ** there is no more similar people then the irish to the english ** . 
  it is an unnatural state of affairs that our kin should be estranged by political differences . 
  seen it all now . 
  i did n't think he was . 
  he makes an interesting point that mehmed actually helped restore the city to its former glory after the conquest compared to the long decline before . 
  i thought he was quite even handed . 
  now there is a culture clash . 
  i 'd be fair interested to watch that . 
  read it , fantastic piece of work . 
  for the siege itself i preferred ernle bradford 's book . 
  still looking to track down a good volume focused solely on the siege of rhodes though !, 
  something set in the mediterranean in the mid 1500s would be fantastic . 
  a season could focus on the siege of malta , the months long struggle between valette and the ottomans for one small rock in the sea . 
  a follow-up season could close with the climatic battle of lepanto some six years later . 
  christ , if we did that in ireland with irish the country would be depopulated . 
  i should have said province !, 
  no bother , i 'm from the south-west myself . 
  maybe it 's living abroad now but i see a big difference between the west and east coasts , probably because we do n't have any cities beyond galway . 
  still , counties like kerry and donegal have a 150,000 apiece which is larger than most of the midland counties , it 's not depopulated . 
  i know it 's probably never been a part of your daily life outside of school but the language here is n't used just because of school . 
  there are quite a few who learn it just for the love of it . 
  do n't lump them all in with the shinner type brigade or the ones who bang on about patriotism . 
  checking out this guy , you seem to be right . 
  http://dublingaelic.blogspot.com/ i just wanted to make a point of how the language has impacted quite a lot of the country . 
  ireland is n't dublin and its effect is still heard in our use of english . 
  and it 's not just spoken in schools as you said . 
  is it alright to ask what county you 're from ? 
  i agree with you that just because someone does n't speak irish does n't make them not irish ( hate how it 's politicised ) . 
  culturally we do have a lot in common with our neighbour but definitely i feel on the west coast you can see the differences a lot more . 
  english did n't become to be the main language properly until the 19th century , the famine hastening along the process . 
  it was a prestige language from the 17th century onwards but most definitely not the primary language . 
  even the scottish settlers brought into ulster at this time spoke a mixture of scots and scottish gaelic , not what you 'd call english . 
  the language prior to 1600 was generally confined to the pale while native speakers of irish survived in most counties until the 20th century , not just as what 's seen as the poorer western half of the island . 
  to say english has been the language of ireland for centuries is just bad history . 
  listen to the way older people in ireland speak , the use of the habitual `` be '' for example . 
  wales is a scary place alright . 
  i was in llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch for a while but the lack of english spooked me . 
  same with my time out in the hebrides . 
  that 's me welsh speaking wife from patagonia fucked . 
  it 's back to mopping floors for her . 
  quite typical for a lot of europe i 'd say . 
  my parents learned latin and ancient greek in school alongside irish and french . 
  people do speak it . 
  i presume it 's on duolingo due to the huge irish diaspora , that and the fact it does n't fall into the usual germanic/romance/slavic language groups that people usually learn . 
  i 'm honestly not sure what or how it happened . 
  but i 'm delighted !, 
  roll on sunday !, 
  you uralic languages :p i promise you , one day i shall attempt yours , finnish or hungarian . 
  they 're just so ... different !, 
  this is fantastic . 
  english has zero , irish has four but we only really use three . 
  i am new to this path of the jedi sensei  though oddly this is of comfort to know there are languages with even more cases , maybe i can learn this !, 
  :d :d, 
  as a learner , i love and loathe them . 
  granted my only experience really is with polish so that 's what this will be like . 
  i 'm a native english speaker and speak good irish and alright german . 
  so slavic languages were something very different for me . 
  the case system nearly broke me when learning german . 
  then i arrive to poland to find they 've added three extra . 
  i 've been here ten months , i can just about manage to not fuck up the nominative/accusative . 
  genitive i seem to get when i do n't think about it . 
  locative , i learned that pretty fast . 
  the moment i open my mouth , people know i 'm a foreigner . 
  the few times i 've not been immediately outed , people just thought i was drunk or czech . 
  i can manage pub conversation pretty well , i can converse okay in the office . 
  i just feel like every time i learn something new , something old is pushed out of my head . 
  for english speakers the whole collection of letters seem to be missing vowels . 
  until you understand the alphabet and the different sounds within the language , it resembles black speech with its spelling . 
  words like `` szczyt '' . 
  i still occasionally break out in cold sweats at the memory of trying to say words like `` chce '' or `` przepraszam '' in my first month here . 
  declination . 
  krak\u00f3w is the city . 
  but i say `` do krakowa '' and `` w krakowie '' . 
  it makes me want to cry . 
  i know english is confusing but at least we do n't change the city names !, 
  my colleagues would say the last example and i was bewildered looking for krakowie on the map . 
  still it 's great how encouraging polish people are . 
  it seems all i 've to do is say something in polish and you get a smile from them from even attempting to use their language . 
  i 've had a bit of craic trying to communicate with czechs as well .
