i was talking about ramblings about `` christian way of life is in danger '' and abot beating journalists and holding people in wire and feeding them like catle etc. 
  on the other hand , water guns , smoke bombs etc. 
  are absolutely fine if police is being attacked . 
  i do n't have a solution , i am not that smart . 
  also when talking about solution it is not fair to talk only abou hungary . 
  same as serbia , hungary did n't create this problem nor it has the power to solve it.bthis is the problem of whole europe . 
  and evidently europe as a collective of countries failed spectaculary . 
  sorry about the spellinf , i am on phone . 
  croatia closed it 's border few minutes ago . 
  i am not blaming hungary actually or hungarian people or even mr. orban , i understand it is dificult and i even understand some other things that are maybe too extreme from my point of view , i do n't aprove , but i undestand . 
  with all that said i still think that the whole situation could 've been delt with more elegance and humanity , to say the least . 
  also , let 's not forget all the stereotypes and all the prejudice that each and every person from serbia had and has to deal with in other european countries , and how this part of europe is usually presented as backward and xenophobic . 
  so i think it is very important to stress how wrong and missguided those sterotypes are at each and every opportunity . 
   sure , by dumping 10.000 migrants at croatian border in less than 48 hours . 
  or by registering them , providing them with food , clothes and medical treatment and generaly treating them like human beings . 
  if refugees want to go out from serbia and further toward germany what shuold serbia do ? 
  detain them ? 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  and please , in the era of smartphones , internet and social networks nobody needs a printed map , so please do n't present it like serbian goverment is dumping this on anyone and giving away maps and bullshit like that . 
  serbia didi n't create this problem , nor it has power to solve it . 
  all it can do is provide some human decency to these people . 
  and as far as i could see on tv and other media sentiment in general populace is the same in croatia . 
  but migrants also do n't want to stay in hungary and macedonia , yet the treatment is defferent . 
  and politicans can say whatever and you can accuse them of ass-kissing , fair enough , but politicians ca n't force people to act in some particular way and again treatment of refugees among general populace in serbia is different then in some other countries . 
  also serbia offered to take certain amont of refugees like it was a member of eu . 
  remove cepelinai !, 
  but seriously , i dont think it will be an easy game for our team . 
  [ here is the final in one picture . 
  ] ( http://mythfolklore.net/aesopica/images_winter/i111_th.jpg ) xd, 
  edit : wtf dudes ? 
  you play first half like champs and then complete meltdown in second half . 
  your team has heart and spirit but yor coach sucks . 
  i mean wtf your team doesnt score for 6 minutes and you dont call timeout and change strategy ? 
  wtf ? 
  screw you coach !, 
  i am so pissed !, 
  edit 2 : jesus christ why did he put that tall guy with green shoes in position for point guard . 
  that dude cant carry the ball and organize offence !, 
  screw you coach !, 
  edit 3 : ah good he removed him from game now !, 
  good job genious ... edit 4 : gg ... man latvija you played good , its basicaly over now , your players have heart , but your coach doesnt have a clue . 
   to go through kosovo or bulgaria . 
  and then we build wall on the border with kosovo and bulgaria ? 
  cause hungary , serbia and macedonia are the only countries that border each other ? 
  take a look at the map of europe again , snuggle bunny . 
  besides that i 'd say there is no point in building walls on borders in europe at all . 
  meh ... just to show him how his comparison is absurd . 
  and when in doubt just go for the wwii . 
   be oppressed and treated as a second rate citizen in a country that 's barely any better than kosova . 
  this is simply not true on both accounts . 
  yes he said that in 1995 and now he says that middle eastern refugees are welcome in serbia and that serbia showed more european spirit and humanity , then some eu countries and that serbia wo n't build fences and walls in europe , unlike some eu countries . 
  which is all true . 
  and that 's what this article is about , if you want to talk about 1995 and serbian pm please make a topic about that . 
  but you are not talking about the article sweetie . 
  aw you just want to argue pointlessly . 
  :'( cute , but sorry you got ta find someone else . 
  hey man if we are going to look at history everybody should shut the fuck up . 
  but let 's concentrate on the present and on the topic at hand . 
  passive aggressive or not , it 's all true . 
  and i think serbs kinda get a pass at being passive aggressive about this , cause we were presented as blood-thirsty muslim haters and xenophobic maniacs for a very long time ... 
  the guy is an obvious troll , man ... 
  and there is only around 10-15k albanians in total down there . 
  and there was no war in the south and albanians in serbia are not discriminated as serbs in kosovo are . 
  already did , with eu supervision . 
  but how is that the same ? 
  only if nato wants it to happen . 
  well it worked the first time , so why stop now ? 
   constitutive session of an association of municipalities with albanian majority . 
   bujanovac , presevo and medvedja  presevo : albanians - 87,48 % , serbs - 9,16 %  bujanovac : serbs - 36,04 % , roma - 32,12 % , albanians - 29,88 %  medvedja : serbs - 86,43 % , albanians - 7,08 %  population of all three municipalities : around 37500 residents lol ... 
  yes almost the same , still does n't mean they are not young and inexperienced , there is a lot of new players , especially on the bench and krstic is missing . 
  krstic was very important , we do n't have a good center . 
  and ignoring teodosic and bjelica , other guys are not that experienced . 
   south stream was abandoned through use of political force . 
  smaller countries were punished for rapprochement to russia . 
  yep . 
   but shit like this shows that it will use heavy political force to prevent others from working in their own interests yep . 
  i remember clearly i had many discussions about this , when people started pissing allover serbia for wanting south stream , and i said just look at the nord stream and look ceos in gas companies that were created specifically for nord stream ... but noooo , serbia and other countries on the route for south stream ( greece , bulgaria , hungary ) were called russian bitches ... and there were huge political pressures put on serbia to step out of south stream project and in the end they totally closed it . 
  just ... fuck ... 
   belgrade syndicate - ballad of a dissident ? 
  yeah . 
    combining rap/hip hop with other genres seems like trend in europe now , we have several such groups here . 
  could you give me some please . 
  i like that type of european hip-hop the most . 
  i find it down-right comical when europeans try to copy usa rappers and start rapping about gangs , ghetto life and shit like that . 
  xd so this type of authentic european hip-hop with tamburines , pianos , violins and more european themes appeals to me the most . 
   ca n't really make out the lyrics other than a handful of words/phrases but that was actually rather beautiful . 
  yeah , they made the song and video really good , even if you do n't understand the lyrics you can connect to the song emotionally . 
  here are the lyrics mate : do you remember how it was before ? 
  what is left now , after all , my belgrade ? 
  i remember long ago , in the `` gold pitcher '' i saw the microphone for the first time , it was on the table . 
  in the shadow of a cold chestnut , where my darling disappeared , i carved a name , i threw my first rhymes . 
  i grew up on the songs of city bohemians and stories of fishermen , who are gone today . 
  i was forged with the best in smoky taverns , flirting with ladies , gambled with hustlers . 
  sometimes i went home happy , sometimes i lost everything , sometimes i embraced a woman , sometimes kissed the pavement . 
  and i never judged my self , wherever i woke up . 
  the pain was the same , i made pain my friend . 
  so i gathered the memories , like scars to remind me that it was n't always so cold and gray . 
  the blood red as wine colored the nights , through the reflections in the glass , there were your eyes . 
  and i had to go , the carriage was waiting for me .
