  out of the current candidates serbia and montenegro will be next for sure , in 5-6 years , maybe even albania along with them . 
  if not , then albania will be go in package with macedonia in next 10 or so years probably . 
  my condolences . 
  this is truly tragic . 
  tomislav salopek was a young , 30-year old man who was just trying to get by and provide for his family . 
  i remember one [ croatian police officer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/josip_reihl-kir ) who managed to get those logs away and who managed to keep peace in his county . 
  and that police officer complained that hdz was obstructing his peace efforts . 
  and later that police officer got killed by croatian right-wingers . 
  so do n't pretend like there were n't calls for war and terrorizing of civilian population using fear , hate , discrimination and murder in croatia . 
  and that peace efforts were n't obstructed from the very political top . 
  no need to pull out that black and white story where `` one side '' is guilty for everything and `` other side '' absolutely innocent , as nobody is buying that story anymore . 
  certainly not the official international courts . 
  furthermore it 's not the `` sides '' that are innocent or guilty , it is the individual people . 
  i am sorry you are so blinded buy the hate and that you think in collective terms when talking about people . 
  with all that said , i will not respond to your further comments as obviosuly your goal here is to start a fight using very discriminatory logic and language . 
  i wish you a nice life in the past , where you belong and where you obviosuly feel comfortable . 
  yes , that 's what i am saying . 
  he was slavic ( same as bosniaks , croats and serbs ) , his grandmother was from serbian nemanjic house , he was n't arabic or turkish or austrian or whatever , so there is no reason for croats or serbs to not respect king tvrtko . 
  but carl built obviously thought differently . 
  yeah probablly a translation mistake . 
   too bosniak coat of arms of bosnian king who was king of bosnia and parts of today serbia and croatia and was undoubtedly slavic and who 's grandmother was elisabeth from famous serbian house of nemanjic is '' too bosniak '' ? 
  i love how people who do n't know shit about the region got to determine it 's present and future ... 
   not the best meaning but one of the best looking flags for sure . 
  i think it is too complicated . 
  i love our pan-slavic colors , but two-headed eagle + cross + shield + crown ... just too much . 
  i know all those symbols have their meaning and historic and symbolic weight , but i think we should 've chosen one of the symbols and stick with just one , not put all of our symbols on the flag . 
  i prefer our civil flag over our national flag . 
  if at least it did n't have a crown ... 
  yeah i heard about that from one croatian boy . 
  we do n't have that type of city/region rivalry in serbia , so i was a bit baffled . 
  is that just football hooligans or some other stuff as well ? 
  did you have any problems ? 
   he least i can do is apologize on behalf of all sane croats why would you apologize for something you did n't do . 
  there is no point in taking the blame for the things some idiots do , just because those idiots live in the same country as we live . 
  they are idiots and that 's all there is . 
  but nice gesture , as stupid as it may sound - thanks , apology accepted . 
  the worst thing here is , that this guy , who 's car was damaged said he wo n't go to croatia again and recommended people to not go to croatia . 
  cause he had very nice time and was treated kindly and friendly in the beginning , but now has to pay around 2k euros for the damage on the car and the girls who were there got scared and traumatized . 
  it wo n't be a huge economical loss for croatia , but if young people do n't travel around , they do n't communicate and if they do n't communicate chances for peaceful and normal relations in the future are slim . 
  as people here say : `` what hundred smart men build , takes only one fool to mess up . '', 
   nobody ever said anything about innocent/civilian victims specifically . 
  actually it is explicitly stated that such a day would be a remembrance day for all victims of all nationalities . 
   an attempt to put an equality sign between everyone . 
  no , just the victims . 
   this whole thing is not going to happen and it should not happen . 
  it should happen . 
  and i am fairly certain that it will happen . 
  of course we can agree to disagree . 
   get rid of your nationalist paranoia . 
  lol ... the funniest thing is that you are not aware how obvious you are . 
   yeah ... it is n't really uncommon for serbian cars to be vandalized in croatia and croatian cars to be vandalized in serbia . 
  of course . 
  happens in both countries . 
  a lot more in croatia , but ok , you had a war on your soil merely 20 years ago . 
  i just think this is unfortunate example of what happens when there is constant talk about the war and glorification of the war . 
  these young people were born after the war , they certainly did n't hurt anyone during the war , as they did n't even exist at that time , yet they get `` operation storm '' and `` you are not welcome '' scribbled on their car . 
  they get pulled into that whirlpool of hate for no reason . 
   i have lived in croatia for a fair few years , so the languages intermix . 
  lol sure ...  big deal to you it 's not a big deal . 
  i just do n't see the reason for lying in this case . 
  but ok , do as you like . 
   in any case , placing an equality sign between a helpless victim of any of the multiple genocides in bosnia and a terrorist i think you also do n't understand and you do n't understand it on purpose . 
  the intention here is to put equality sign between innocent victims ie . 
  children , elderly and other people who did n't commit any crimes , but were the victims . 
  and there is a lot of people like that on all sides . 
  so not at all how you present it . 
  now i know there are people who think that all serbian people , including children are war criminals and that serbian children are not same as croatian children . 
  and that 's ok , you can think that . 
  just do n't expect to be taken seriously . 
   remember this ? 
  yes . 
  we can go few days back and forth just going `` remember this , remember this ? '', 
  what 's the point ? 
  i like to concentrate on the present and the future . 
  but i understand that for some people past is more comforting . 
  if angela merkel or munira subasic or \u0106amil durakovi\u0107 do n't have a problem with vucic , i do n't see why would you . 
  after all he and edi rama are the only serious politicians here , at this time , with some kind of initiative and vision for the region . 
   allies and the axis . 
  i would n't say that 's a fair parallel you are drawing there . 
  after all , there is a international court set up just for the war crimes committed in ex yu countries . 
  and there was n't a court like that in the wwii . 
  not even mention other huge differences . 
  but either way judging by you ' r comment , i 'd say you are not serious . 
  so i wo n't spend time or energy debating with you . 
  also i do n't think it is fair for you to use flair of serbia , as you are obviously not from serbia ( judging by your comments and version of serbo-croatian language that you use ) . 
  just put flair of croatia or any other country where you currently live or feel connection to . 
   it 's sole about equalization of something that should n't be equalized even in million years . 
  i think you do n't understand what he proposed and you are viewing it in rather negative light . 
  nobody said that responsibility is equal , nor is anyone asking for things to be forgotten . 
  the point here is to pay respect to the people who were killed , tortured or evicted from their home without no fault of their own . 
  that 's it , to pay respect to innocent victims of all nations and denominations . 
  of course if we are thinking in terms of `` our side , their side '' we are not going to go anywhere but in reverse . 
   that politics is continued by this `` reformed '' chetnik and is based on the sequel of the script from 1986 . 
  i do n't think you are realistic when you say that . 
  i get that you are emotional , maybe you had some bad experience from the war and i am truly sorry . 
  but i do n't think you are viewing the issue here realistically . 
   common remembrance day for all ex-yu states i do n't know , i actually think this is good idea . 
  but i think it will not pass in next 5 or 10 years . 
  first reason is whoever wants to win elections has to pander to right-wing voters . 
  the other reason is there are no serious , mature politicians in the region who are ready for humane , historical moves like that , the only motive they have is to win elections , and nothing else .
