  belgrade farewell , many things i have n't told you . 
  do you remember how it was before ? 
  what is left now , after all , my belgrade ? 
  forget me dear , forget that i love you . 
  continue to live , maybe i do n't exist any more . 
  i hug the memories in the darkness , while i color them with the light of candles . 
  so i would n't think about the the screams that i hear down the hall . 
  while i struggle with my wounds , i dream about being drunk with wine , rakija and tambourines , with old violin and thorn voices , with sad songs of gypsies , smoke and broken glasses . 
  with my bohemians a shout at the table , i shoot songs , recite poems , struggle for the letters . 
  only because one verse my life is now over , desert is in my hart , while i look at the island through the window . 
  i smell your perfume , while you cuddle next to me . 
  and tears start pouring like rains in the autumn . 
  hey , dawn do n't come , let me yearn . 
  never come dawn , while there is song inside of me . 
  but i had to go , cause i bothered someone . 
  belgrade farewell , i still have n't told you this . 
  do you remember how it was before ? 
  what is left now , after all , my belgrade ? 
  today wounds hurt more , then the rough games behind the school . 
  then he sounds of the verse , when i had to go . 
  but now i 'm here again , but everything is lost . 
  they cut down the chestnut , where i kissed you once . 
  linden trees do n't smell anymore , there is no old violin , there is no gray-haired gypsy , so i can share my sorrow with him . 
  my belgrade , i lost my roots , i wear medals for nothing , cause nobody recognizes me any more . 
  the star of black george i give for a pitcher of grapes . 
  why do i need the medal , when i do n't have anyone ? 
  only restlessness and pain , my only friends . 
  i break glass in the pub , until my soul bleeds dry . 
  ballad of dissidents , one sad serbian song , for some future taverns , for some better times , let it be stuck in the throat if someone else sings it . 
  everything is same in my neighborhood , only i am not there anymore . 
  i had to go , nobody needed me like this , belgrade farewell , remember well what i 've said . 
  do you remember how it was before ? 
  what is left now , after all , my belgrade ? 
  hehe  but it 's not all badassery and tug life . 
  xd [ here is one with da feels ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w0l-v2nlrk ) , with specific central european atmosphere , just for you mate . 
  meh i think [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3xa0y4hbm4 ) is much , much better or [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amqruq8ku1k ) . 
  maybe i 'm a bit biased . 
  xd and if we are going to stick to space jam and english language , then [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewozi5-azxu ) for sure . 
  a yes , yes you are right , i forgot that we are in group b and looked at a1 all the time . 
  : s well , it will be a tough game for sure , it can go both ways . 
  a part from that both countries still miss some new , young petrovic , radja , kukoc , divac , paspalj , bodiroga type of legendary players ... i hope we get some new legends of those caliber soon . 
  if croatia stays 2nd in group , i think serbia and croatia ca n't meet until the finals or 3rd place match . 
  either way we have a proven tactic against croatia - point in last second , works like a charm every time . 
  :d :p, 
  i will make a bold ( or maybe not so bold ) prediction and say france and serbia will be in the final , with france taking the gold . 
  france has a really strong , experienced team with deep bench . 
  serbia on the other hand has young , inexperienced team and shallow bench . 
  serbia is still struggling with generational gap and with new methods broght by coach sasha djordjevic , who was amazing player , but is still fresh in his new role of coach . 
  so far it worked above all expectations , our team has great team spirit and synergy , but i just do n't see us surprising france , like we did in the world cup . 
  a part from that i was really expecting more from spain and lithuania . 
  there were also some pleasant surprises like finland , island , poland , czech etc. 
  it is always pleasant for me to see these national teams from countries that are not known for their basketball skills to show teeth and give a good fight . 
  i have to especially mention finland and island . 
  finland played amazingly against france , showed hearth , team spirit and took france to overtime . 
  very exciting game . 
  and i loved island with their weird team set-up without real center ( position 5 ) and their `` zerg-rush '' defense tactics with shorter players . 
  xd really interesting and unique approach , and a team with a lot of hearth and fight in them . 
  i do n't know , i am not very active on reddit . 
  i can speak from my own experience , for example , yesterday i posted photos and short article of serbian police officer cuddling and playing with syrian refugee baby . 
  i thought it is a nice , uplifting , positive image in all this madness and chaos . 
  and that post got deleted . 
  i message the mods asking `` why ? 
  '' , got no response . 
  i post that article and photos again , it gets deleted again . 
  then i go on / r/serbia and see that 2 other users posted the same article and photos and their posts also got deleted without any explanation . 
  yet on the other hand we have all kinds of hateful , conspiracy-theory , unsourced , obvious propaganda or just plain dumb , pointless and boring posts that do n't get deleted . 
  now , if mods want to promote civil conversation , debate and positive values , i really do n't understand what the fuck they are doing . 
  and if you delete my post two times at least give me a courtesy of explaining why it got deleted , so i would n't make the same mistake again . 
  this way it 's just looks random and arrogant . 
   if this subreddit is representative of europeans as a whole nah man , it 's far from it . 
  this sub is representative of little emotionally unstable and intellectually immature kids pissing in their pants and living with their parents . 
  i 'm not saying that average european is more left-wing or right-wing then represented here , whatever the fuck that means , i 'm just saying whoever that hypothetical average european person is , he ai n't on this sub . 
  plus , the mods on this sub suck big time . 
  and that link you posted is still missing half of the things you quoted in the op . 
  man , i do n't know who is more pathetic russian propaganda or sad little nazi cunts like you . 
  except half of the things you quoted in op do n't appear in these links that you just posted from other news portals . 
  you can fool people who do n't understand serbo-croatian , at least for a little while , but you ca n't bullshit us who actually speak serbo-croatian . 
   bosnia was created when turks ( ottomans , to be correct ) conquered most of what was then a croatian lol ... just ... lol ... 
  ok , thanks , deleting my post . 
  yes , i totally agree . 
  i was just pointing out that you made a mistake and started talking shit about serbia without a reason . 
  that was said by croatian nationalist , not serbian nationalist , so ... 
  how did he learn that ? 
  did the kid say that ? 
  i do n't understand german . 
  ah ok , sorry if i made a mistake , was n't my intention to spread bullshit here , i do n't understand german , i was going by the english and serbian subtitles . 
  but why was the nationally being mentioned ? 
  and who said that he is going to sell the autograph ? 
  did the kid say that ? 
  i do n't get that . 
  and what was the kid saying ? 
  edit : i will delete this submission if it turns out to be bullshit , just would like to know the truth . 
  so sputnik is a russian propaganda machine that spreads lies unless it says something that euronazis agree on . 
  then it is beacon of truth . 
  right ? 
  i ca n't find this interview that op posted in any other media except on sputnik . 
  also op is a discussting nazi , just check his comment history . 
   the united states is a federal country but the does n't make new york state a country . 
  ahahahahaha oh man ... read a book man . 
  i suggest starting with a concept of `` country '' and later you should check up on those differences of `` ethnicity , nation and country '' .
