  and there we have the ever misused words of merkel . 
  she said that germany could get through the refugee crisis , she never said that all refugees should come to germany . 
  maybe , just read up on facts instead of whatever reddit comments tell you . 
  minority ? 
  sure , not the majority , but if you add the iraqi refugees to the syrian ones , you end up with 40 % , give or take a few , of all migrants . 
  the only way to stop all and every single one of the refugees entering europe is to nuke everything else . 
  since that is not an option , i would suggest starting with the source of 40 % of them . 
  most economic refugees are send back anyways , so really that should n't be your biggest concern . 
  it would n't be a good thing to start protecting our borders in serbia though , i 'm fine with outside border protection , but do n't fuck greece over . 
  last thing we need is a putin outpost over there . 
  i would say , prove it . 
  it started when arab spring got rolling . 
  probably part of the refugees are people from libya for example , because there is still some kind of civil war going on , but overall , solving the at the moment biggest conflict on earth would probably help stop the `` migrant influx '' that hungary is talking about . 
  most of it will stop when there is peace in syria , so by all means hungary , go ahead and fix that not at all complicated issue . 
  in that case i take it back , i was n't aware that the point was to hug random people . 
  that is what i would do in a public place during an event like that just to avoid pickpockets and i 'm a guy . 
  mostly when i 'm just standing there watching something . 
  right now ? 
  because that would be the worlds shittiest slander campaign attempt in the history of mankind . 
  i do n't think dropping more bombs on them or even a groundwar would do anything but help the isis propogandamachine . 
  we have to do this like you used to siege a castle in the middle ages . 
  you just stayed there and waited until they ran out of supplies by starving their sources of supplies . 
  in this case you should starve their revenuestreams , but the idea would work out mostly the same . 
  well not comments , i phrased that wrong . 
  insults they can not respond to , i believe because they are supposed to represent the country , for example , like they are doing now in china , and some clips of you making rude remarks about those that insult you do n't work very well for your pr . 
  i am certain there is more to this , but i ca n't remember what else . 
  the law , at least here in the netherlands , exists because the royal family is n't allowed to defend themselves against comments in public . 
  this is n't true for basically everybody else who has some kind of law to punish those who make offensive remarks about them , like erdogan ( ha , i did n't write your name with a capital , what are you gon na do ? 
  was the whole question scrapped or just b. 
  because for me a seems pretty straightforward . 
  speaking english i assume ? 
  yeah , we have a special name for the very dutch pronounciation , we call it steenkolenengels , dunglish . 
  initially named like this for dockworkers speaking very bad english to english coalship workers . 
  oh , oversized in that way , yeah , that 's true . 
  i thought he and you ment obese people , because that 's what i think about when i hear `` oversized '' . 
  and that is not something i associate with friesland . 
  is it that bad up there ? 
  i mean , we do have them in the randstad , but it is n't hard to find one that is n't . 
  showing the most far right dutch politician who is the only one saying the refugees are n't welcome is kinda unrepresentive . 
  what does it mean ? 
  that kind of rethoric is so toxic . 
  you just alienate every single immigrant ever and every single descendant from immigrants ever . 
  that sounds exactly like some of that purity shit ann coulter has been saying earlier this week , that only people with 4 nationals ( not immigrants ) grandparents should be allowed to vote . 
  you would follow voldemort the second he came to power . 
  in his rethoric morrocans are basically just muslims . 
  mind you , he has been like that for nearly a decade , long before isis and i think also long before le pen , but that could just be the media . 
  how on earth is wilders better than le pen ? 
  except that her father hates jews i ca n't think of any real argument why she is worse than he is . 
  i think that if you are looking at eu self interests you will find that somebody who is an isolationist is n't their most favourable result . 
  and they are allowed to say that . 
  what they should n't be allowed to do , and to my knowledge do n't do , is funding a candidate . 
  that would be influencing/interfering . 
  if you think a single american is swayed by some eu politicians saying that trump is sheit , you might wan na think again . 
   i 'm sorry but any german , frenchman or other west european needs to put away their victim card and see that this is nothing to do with them . 
  so , if brexit goes through and they are not allowed to stay in the country , even though they may have lived there for quite a long time , paid taxes and everything , they are not allowed to feel like they are the victim of something ? 
  you are portraying the exact bullshit that all of europe has been thinking you people are all about . 
  in the past i liked the uk when i was there on holiday , but the brexit has shown me your true colours , about how you think of outsiders . 
  i guess you were just nice at that time because tourists have money . 
  srebrenica , you mean that one time that all our allies abandoned us ? 
  yeah , totally our fault we were n't equiped for something that was n't our mission . 
  we totally did n't win most of our wars , no for sure not , unless you look at the facts . 
  the article talks about 1/5 bike accidents happen because of car doors in the windy city . 
  it also shows a video of a person leaving a cab in new york , not looking out for cyclists and hitting one with the door . 
  but i can understand that if these situations are n't familiar to a person , accidents can happen , so yeah , this should be told to everybody , before they get into an accident themselves . 
  if i was in financial trouble , but was an opposition daily in a country where there is n't much free press ( last i 've heard ) , i woulnd ' t go out suddenly , but would totally reach out to big players in the opposition to keep afloat . 
  in reply i would like to say i no longer feel welcome on / r/unitedkingdom anymore . 
  i sure as hell hope not . 
  the biggest party may become the pvv , ultra right wing , but only the party they have been feeding off of has not yet said they would straight up not work with them . 
  they might get 20 + % of the vote , but that wo n't be any use if you ca n't make it for 76/150 seats in parlement . 
   foreign affairs the guy is n't even responsible for the law , why is he commenting ? 
  if they were `` marching in the opposite direction '' they would 've closed the border , build a wall like some other european nations and had some kind of shoot on sight order issued to border patrol . 
   the government requires you to register , taking away the choice not to choose . 
  this is very senseless , right not to choose has always been to choose no . 
  if you do n't care either way it should n't be a problem and you can still always not choose ( to change your stance ) . 
   people who are unable to understand the paperwork or to register are effectively forced to donate , possibly against their will . 
  there are plenty of both government and public innitiatives that bring people together that ca n't fill in the paperwork and those who would like to help them with it . 
  this is a straight up win for life . 
  terrrorism probably . 
  i ca n't imagine that 9/11 or the paris attacks were counted as murder . 
  well , i can , but i do n't think it is likely . 
  the netherlands already had the populations to be 1 state without cutting it up , maybe couple 100k people too small , but why cut us up ? 
  cars have nothing to do with mass shootings . 
  you may not know this , but if people go crazy and can choose between `` i 'm going to shoot people '' and `` i 'm going to run people over '' , you do n't really hear a lot about people who run over people instead doing shit with the gun . 
  besides that , cars have actual use besides hurting people ( unless you are really hard on climate change , which i can accept ) that being transportation . 
  guns do n't really do that . 
  people say they can be used to `` protect you '' , but really how true is that . 
  sure , if the other guy has a knife and you have a gun , you might be fine , but if the other guy also has a gun and bad intentions ( like a burglar ) , it is more likely that in the middle of the night you get shot first , because of course you do n't shoot before you know you have to shoot . 
  sure , hunting rifles exist , but then why are pistols legal , or semi automatics , nobody is hunting with them . 
  i suggest you do the same , some things you ca n't compare with other things . 
  you might as well have said red meat instead of cars , are they comparible ? 
  no , not even close to what my argument is . 
  that has nothing to do with my argument , like , zero relations with my argument . 
  that is just something you say to get this discussion away from guns . 
  yeah sure , but that has 0 to do with mass shootings . 
  what i was saying is that , because you can more easily acquire arms in the us , not only bad people ( who will always find a way to get arms ) , but also good people who have bad moments ( mentally ill people are n't bad , but have bad moments for example ) . 
  ergo , if people are more easily able to acquire arms , there will be more mass shootings . 
  say if i have a bad moment , the most lethal thing i would have is a large kitchen knife , not even close as lethal to sub automatics . 
  but , if you live in a country where it is legal to acquire arms ( which is the easiest way to acquire arms ) , and you have a bad moment , you could easily have access to pistols or something bigger . 
  1 ) yes 2 ) no not sure what the car has to do with it , they do n't all have navigation to a black market for illegal arms . 
  yeah , but good people can also have bad moments , but hardly have the resources during those bad moments to get weapons from the black market .
