  can you explain who got the idea of starving the ukrainians , if it was n't the kremlin . 
  i 've always assumed they had full control over their `` followers '' . 
  just saying the him implying that it was n't the russians doing that stuff because they were ukrainian communists is a fasle argument . 
  sure they did suffer a hell of a lot , but just because a person did something you ordered him to do , but he was of a different nationality , does n't mean that you are not responsible for it . 
  it is like saying if the netherlands , way back when we still had flourishing colonies , ordered one of the people in those colonies that was n't of dutch descent to commit some terrible crime would mean that it was n't our fault the crime was commited ( maybe a bit strange way of describing it , lets try that again ) . 
  if you had a company and you hired ( not so much hiring , but more like threatening to kill its entire family , but you get the point ) some other company to through a molotov cocktail at the building of a competitor , it would mean that you are not to blame . 
  never heard anybody arguing about whether a nazi was german or whatever , it is always nazi germany 's fault so i do n't see the point in arguing whether or not these communists were ukrainians or russians . 
  they were commiting crimes to the ukrainian people on orders of the kremlin , thus russia commited the crimes . 
  * they shot down a [ plane ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malaysia_airlines_flight_17 ) with 193 of my fellow countrymen . 
  * they illegally [ arrested ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greenpeace_arctic_sunrise_ship_case ) a greenpeace shipcrew originating from the netherlands and held some of them captive for a long time . 
  those two are just the most recent ones i can think of , not counting the stuff russia does to our food and other trading goods we try to trade with you , but get destroyed at the border . 
  you 're welcome world . 
  western european leaders have learned that censoring does n't help , but if you look at countries like russia , turkey and several asian and middle eastern countries , you can see fine examples of those leaders that have n't yet learned it . 
  i suppose that is true , but i was trying to sooth the pain for him just a little bit, 
  personally , i find it hilarious . 
  truth be told , depending on where you are in the us , i believe you can find a fair few that have taken spanish or french because of neighbouring countries . 
  just the rest kinda , well , the joke would probably fit . 
  i was thinking the same when i saw it on national television . 
  and they could n't be bothered to turn down the volume a little bit to save all our ears . 
  [ holland should be netherlands ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee_iupineuc ) , and we do n't really want it , but we are ready for it . 
  we are a nation of traders . 
  we may not speak english without an accent most of the time , but a lot of people do speak english well enough for foreigners to understand it . 
  a lot of my fellow countrymen also speak german pretty well , same for french . 
  maybe it 's not 3.2 but 2.8 , but it the highest of all of europe * . 
  * = except for luxembourg , but they do n't have their own language . 
  at least we speak 3,2 languages per person . 
  you just ca n't deal with that . 
  [ source ] ( http://jakubmarian.com/average-number-of-languages-spoken-by-the-eu-population/ ), 
  i do n't know why i expected to be able to read the latin script one without any knowledge of the serbian language ... 
  doubt it , for me it sounded like dutch food = all european food and even i dont think we deserve that much credit . 
  i want to make the standard netherlands to belgium belgian joke here , but you would n't understand it , just like you did n't understood what i was saying in my comment . 
  nobody can resist good food . 
  the european union is taking away our identity ? 
  no , your mask is . 
  but even that , yesterday you dropped a contract that would have you sell saudi arabia weapons . 
  sweden giving all the middle fingers to dictatorships today . 
  i must say , the fact that we 've closed our borders could be a problem for me this summer when i was planning to go on holiday outside of the netherlands . 
  til my country has 2 capitals . 
  good point , did n't think of that , it could pose a danger to the health of the general population . 
  to change that , it would require a change in how we see careers of men and women . 
  marriage is n't biologically required though , i have people in my family who are in their 50s , have never married , but have children . 
  no accident , just do n't care about the idea of marriage . 
  it has been at least 6 months since i 've heard of a murder not related to organised crime ( we have a small gangwar with about 2 deaths a month ) . 
  thanks for providing some pictures , i was crying at the end . 
  a real classic , i 've heard of its diverse population and sigths worth seeing . 
  sights so good , even the most wanted man in europe could n't stay away from them . 
  i will start myself . 
  i like cities with either a lot of life or a lot of history and some of my favourite european cities are lisbon , london and rome . 
  thinking back to my visits to them is guaranteed to bring a smile on my face . 
  something something something you ca n't be x without blaming jews something something . 
  you know , for all the noise this has been making in the media over here , i expected the cdu to lose more than they have . 
  can you follow up on that ? 
  did they put in law something that would stop a future right wing government from doing anything too crazy ? 
  new york , 1214 sq km is somehow bigger than the netherlands , 41543 sq km , what a miracle . 
  it could be that they are referring to the boswash area , stretching from boston to washington , but that has a higher population and is shaped way different . 
  the title makes it sound like there are multiple czech presidents , which would be weird . 
  the parents pressed charges because they did n't want their daughter having a relationship with him is the same bullshit reasoning ( maybe a little bit less bullshit ) as that `` he was ugly so he raped me '' shit . 
  laws just need to change to level the playing field . 
  these extra people tend to work under worse conditions as well as having lower wages . 
  if you are trying to make this about the refugees from syria , you are both wrong and malicious ... 
  romanians can move freely through europe , get your facts straight . 
  there was a piece abou this on the television this evening . 
  it was about a dutch welder , who worked for about 37/h ( cant quite recall ) , who was fired and had his job taken by a romanian welder , who worked for 18,70 / h. 
  all of this is caused by the instability in the middle east . 
  the war in iraq was a huge part of the cause . 
  sure , you can say that the fact that when the colonies were made independent , they fucked up the borders , so it is all the fault of europe , but then again , you could say that everything bad in the us was the fault of europe , because we decided to colonize it . 
  but then you can say ethiopia is to blame for every mistake because humans first evolved there tens of thousands years ago . 
  however , this is an interesting remark :  the migration was caused by the syrian rebellion which the us supported after it started . 
   the migration crisis is purely the fault of europe . 
  that is like saying the pregnancy was caused by uncle bob , but the fact that his niece died during childbirth is all her fault . 
  just accept that you cant shift the blame to everybody else if you played your part . 
  it would need to be a wall in the middle of the waters between greece and turkey . 
  but since trump can golf better than obama , we do n't need to worry that will be a problem for him . 
  yeah , unlikely that the man who wishes to build a wall at his southern border is going to help with a migration crisis , consisting mostly of muslim refugees . 
  so , will he be helping with the migration crisis also ? 
  because they are part of the cause ? 
  not exactly the kind of access i was talking about , sorry to disappoint your misplaced sense of pride . 
  thanks for the insight . 
   the value of uk exports and imports is around 500bn on either side , so it seems incredibly unlikely that the uk would lose anything close to 100bn under even the worst circumstances imaginable . . ca n't disagree with that . 
  shame i ca n't find the article , because i 've probably misunderstood it . 
  i was , as you 've already figured out , that the uk would lose a lot of money by leaving the eu . 
  i still kinda am , because why else join , if not to make money of it , but ca n't quite figure out how atm . 
  then i wonder where the nmbers are coming form that i 've seen around here , about the uk losing 100 billion euros if they leave the eu or something ridiculous like that . 
  subsidies ca n't be that high i assume . 
  yeah , that is also very likely to happen in that senario . 
  and if we were to allow them back in , you can be sure that we wo n't be giving them their discount back , which they are now enjoying . 
  only thing they like is easy access to the european mainland , which they will lose i assume , if they were to leave . 
  one of the reasons i feel like the uk should just get on with leaving , is just to stop the bitching about it . 
  on the other hand , i think there is the possibility that the uk will be back sooner than later , because they realise how much they have to gain by the access to the european mainland . 
  while that is 2013 , i would find it hard to believe that this has gone to 10 times that number now . 
  100 % true  georges lema\u00eetre himself was a priest , after all . 
  but i do n't think you can compare those views with the views of now , after all , he died in 1966 , things have changed quite a bit since then . 
  keep in mind that it highly unlikely that he would be able to form a coalition with any of the other parties and that in the past people who said in these polls they were going to vote for him ended up voting for a different party during the actual elections . 
  i do n't think it is possible anymore to place our own despots all over those countries , a couple could happen , but the 50 + countries you are speaking of . 
  because of the internet , it is now way easier to spread information about this than back in the 80s . 
  edit : forgot to say , border protection is good , however , you cant just let them drown . 
  stop them from getting in the boats . 
  something , something , the west destabilizing countries since 1600 . 
  really though , if i look at my own country , we have been importing workforce from turkey and morocco since the 1980s . 
  that is not really the same as is going on right now in europe .
