  do n't think so either . 
  then again , i would n't want to have a foreign government sending its literal government over to campaign , not just party members , but its actual ministers . 
  that is fucked up . 
  i do n't think there is anybody in the netherlands who would not react like this after being called , among other things nazi 's and the ones that enacted the srebrenica genocide . 
   also ... what constitutes as ` normal ' ? 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  that exact question was asked a lot during the days following that letter . 
  we could n't come to a definite consensus . 
  it was n't that long ago , so likely rutte was just doing campaign stuff . 
  i 've learned not to take politicians that serious during that time . 
  one can say `` death to all left handed people '' , but when the election is over , that will just water down to `` mild displeasure to all left handed people '' . 
  could be worse , could be better . 
  i 'm pleased with the way he handled stuff this weekend . 
  close to d666 , which would totally be a death metal band . 
  for the cu , that is part of the 3 christian parties we have in the parlaiment : cda , sgp and cu . 
  there are quite some differences between these . 
  sgp is the most conservative christian party , only 1 woman on a local level in the entire party and overall opposed to the islam ( since a month or 2 ) , because they are a threat to dutch judeo-christian values . 
  cda is the centrist party of the three . 
  cu is generally accepted as a left leaning party . 
  50 + is generally seen as a protest party , just like the pvv and denk . 
  i 'm guessing they saw a demographic they felt was underrepresented and branded their party with that in mind . 
  overall i do n't know why we have that many small one issue parties . 
  if i were to compare with germany , they have a 5 % voter threshhold , which keeps many of them out . 
  otherwise , i do n't really know . 
  very unlikely , but they might mistake their flag for the dutch flag , just like they mistook the french flag for the dutch flag . 
  you really got ta give that poor fort some water , it might grow even more . 
  it may seem that way , but we have dozens of those forts . 
  your move turkey . 
  they could grab the flag of luxembourg as well , it has the stripes the right way , only their blue is a shade different . 
  we got you covered germany , today we are the nazi 's and the fascists , you can have the day off . 
  a democratic party has to listen to the people . 
  germany has a party that tries to be similair to the pvv , however they are actually democratic . 
  recently a video surfaced of one of their members being at a neo nazi rally and saying some not so nice stuff about the holocaust . 
  because they have members and stuff , that guy had to go . 
  now look at the pvv , there were plenty of scandels with them a couple of years back . 
  i do n't recall that they all had to leave , most of them still are in parliament . 
  ah , yes , you are 100 % right . 
  i had a hard time recalling what it was called in english . 
  also , because the pvv is a 1 man party , it is completely undemocratic . 
  he and he alone decides the parties policies . 
  no members , not even the other people that are in the parliament for the pvv have a say in the policies , officially . 
  edit : words, 
  poor polish government ca n't handle critiscism from within and starts namecalling . 
  ha , you ca n't tell us we are lazy if you do n't have any data that shows it . 
  iceland is basically fish + vulcanoes . 
  just be happy he did n't recommend vulcanoes . 
  i was like , fuck yeah , we beat all of scandinavia , we must be the highest of them all . 
  then surprise estonia and switzerland hit again . 
  i have like 20 at least , do n't think i have all of them , but got plenty . 
  another comic book series i have is suske & wiske , at least , those are their dutch names . 
  i believe they have been distributed all throughout the benelux and france , could be germany as well . 
  to commemorate the 2016 european championship ? 
  i 'm feeling like he is n't that big of a deal as we are making him out to be . 
  that can be , but why would normal voting people care about that ? 
  is it directly influencing their lives , if not , there is no other reason to do it other than seeking us funding . 
  he needs american funding for his campaign i 'm guessing , otherwise i doubt this is much of an issue in ecuador . 
  i think i 've seen it once or twice when i installed something a long time ago . 
  might have been pre windows xp . 
  keeps being funny no matter how many times i see it . 
  they should hire you . 
  yeah , in this modern day and age we do n't need a messenger to communicate with other people around the world . 
  especially if that messenger has recently given us the bird . 
  yeah , it is tough to get on the same level as the us ' military . 
  iirc if you were to consider california and texas seperate countries , they would have the 5th and 8th largest armies in the world respectively . 
  she was chosen by the people . 
  sadly , the pvv , geert wilders ' party , is also in the european parlaiment . 
  yeah , that problem was also apparent with trump getting elected . 
  nobody heard the angry white man or whatever it is right now . 
  you just might . 
  you also have the coolest other coins so i think you won in general . 
  dude , learn constitutions , learn the basis of democracy and come back here . 
  do that and become smarter , instead of blarting stupid shit on the internet while being a disgrace to your flair . 
  fair point . 
  democracy has to evolve with the times and the electoral was created for a society completely unlike the one we have today . 
  it is parlaiments position to judge whether people were fully aware of what they were voting for . 
  there have been enough reasons to assume a part of the `` pro brexit voters '' were not aware of the actual meaning of the brexit vote . 
  people saw it as a vote against the pm and his cabinet , people did n't expect brexit to actually win they were just angry . 
  sure there are people who actually want to leave the eu , but a lot of people saw it as a way to , for example , just get more money to the nhs . 
  we all know where that ended up . 
  besides , i do n't recall any lies of that mangitude from the anti brexit camp . 
  i could be biased of course , but i doubt that in this case . 
  well , there were a lot of signs afterwards that the public was n't fully aware what they were voting for and that they were mislead by the brexit camp . 
  after all the parlement is supposed to protect the public from stupid decisions in principle . 
  the dutch already stopped using the 1 and 2 cent coins in all transactions . 
  i have a couple of them laying around the place , but any new ones always come from other countries that i visited on holidays . 
  personally , i feel like we do n't have a good seperation of church and state because we have 3 parties that have the name of their religion in their party name : cda ( christian democratic appeal ) , cu ( christian union ) and sgp ( reformed political party ) . 
  max verstappen is the man . 
  well everybody wants them to get on with whatever the plan is . 
  the current situation is n't benefitting anybody , except maybe the uk if you argue that not doing anything gives them more time to prepare for talks with the eu . 
  i mean , if everybody kept to themselves , seperation church and state and all that , i do n't think anybody would mind . 
  but because it is gods will that abortion is a sin , it keeps coming up when one of the small christian parties needs their 5 minutes of fame . 
  yeah , i was n't 100 % serious with my first comment . 
  it really looked like one of those headlines : `` un urges china to free all journalists by 2020 '' or `` eu urges russia to free activists asap '' . 
  science is about getting further as a collective , at its core . 
  pay walls stop that . 
  it also is bad for spreading knowledge about science to a large audience , which is neccessary to make people realize how important it is . 
  the title makes it sound like the scientific papers are being held hostage . 
  i approve this message . 
  hmm , well , i guess i can live with emperor . 
  i do like this positive stuff about the netherlands and our pants .
