  you also seem to have forgotten about greece . 
  i do like what you 've said about my country though :d, 
  are they really foreign languages for luxembourg . 
  they have like 3 different languages that are `` their language '' . 
  i like you , you are free to come back anytime . 
  keep bears out of it . 
  this is how you get crazy people that shoot up a school . 
  i 'm sure the terrorists will be happy with this . 
  i do n't know their agenda , but they come across as pretty anti anybody who is not white . 
  if it does n't matter , why even bother removing the guy , except for his leg that is . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if you did a survey among readers of the sun , you would find that he is not far from the truth . 
  his knee is still there , they could n't even fake it properly . 
  you have no clue what kinda shit things he caused with his speech . 
  lot of hate by racists who thought they were now `` justified '' in doing so . 
  people should think about what they say and what they can cause before they open their trap . 
  that is not what i 'm saying . 
  i was proposing a in my opinion bad solve for the problem that media just tries to create news out of nothing by sensationalizing everything and creating all the fake news by making them no longer dependent on those kind of funds . 
  the obvious downside i mentioned was government meddling and propoganda . 
  i believe there are people with a backbone that dow n't bow down to money , but those are very hard to find these days . 
  they tend to quit if they see the crap that is the media these days . 
  how would you solve this ? 
  i do n't think government funded/owned media would be able to provide independent news that goes against government interests . 
  if they would n't do that , they would not be making fun of everybody equally . 
  plenty of people see the fun in being made fun of , only the really stuck up ones do n't . 
  as far as i 'm concerned they only did political commentary and they `` insulted '' one shitface that is adored by a lot of people , people got angry and because they are dumb and pieces of shit , they vented it by murdering a lot of people . 
  they commented on everybody equally . 
  i for one accept our new latvian overlords . 
  i want one . 
  so a kind of candy peak ? 
  looking at the map , hmmm , looks pretty normal . 
  looking at the title again and ask myself , what was sweden 's deal again ? 
  oh yeah , denmark ... wait a second . 
  most definitely the best 2 teams of the championship were in the finale . 
  if it was n't for the netherlands i would 've rooted for you . 
  then people here saying that that is lower than trump are dumbasses , because trump is 33 % approval and according to this article macron is 36 % . 
  nothing i would n't expect from trumppeople , math is elitism . 
  what sort of rating agency is letting their voters use negative ratings . 
  i going for sensationlized title , it is the independent after all . 
  yeah , it 's the good old reddit only reads headlines for all the facts . 
  can everybody just stop blaming the farmers and do your fucking research . 
  if you have actually followed the news more than headlines , you will have learned that the toxic compound is not normally in the cleaning agent and that it was put in there by either the cleaning company or their supplier ( investigation will have to clear that up ) . 
  as always reddit , good job on knowing everything by looking at the headlines alone . 
  read a bit more of the news than just that . 
  this toxic compound is not in the cleaning stuff when it is made , it was put in there by 1 cleaning company ( or their suppliers ) and the farmers were not notified of this, 
  it is not something that is in the cleaning agent . 
  it has been put in there later by either the cleaning company or their supplier . 
  this is really not something that the farmers can be blamed for . 
  you know exactly what he means by that . 
  that is the dictionary definition . 
  however , if all these kinds of political parties keep calling themselves conservatives , it would be wrong not to call it by what it is . 
   you said that the un made such claims because they were partially responsible for it . 
  interesting , i would think i would remember anything i said during the last 30 minutes , because i never said anything like that . 
  i pointed out something op said , maybe you got people mixed here . 
  just because people do n't agree with everything you say does n't mean they are wrong biased irrelevant or anything . 
  hell , the only reason that the un is irrelevant is because they do n't have power because all the big nations do n't want to be held accountable . 
  you are not adding anything to a discussion like this , just so you know . 
  as op said elsewhere in the thread , the title is based on words of a un secretary general . 
  so estonia has a minimum hourly wage of -3,10 dollars ? 
  i should start a business there . 
  the west and maybe the richer countries in asia do use them , but i recall reading that the olympic swimming pool had turned green due to algae since nobody used it . 
  and during the wc in south africa people were already saying that it was unlikely many of the stadiums would be used often in the future because they were to big for the kinds of audiences that are normal for the country . 
  yeah , that is sad . 
  the wc goes the same way the last couple of years . 
  they want huge tax breaks for the event to the point that the hosting country will likely make a loss all things considered . 
  excellent point . 
  however for time trail it probably still is the highest honour . 
  there is no point in building the whole olympic city every 4 years ( just like with the wc football ) because in most nonwestern countries the most of facilities are hardly ever used again . 
  i do n't think that is how it works or that that will ever be the cause of the olympics going away . 
  for too many sports it is still the biggest thing you can win . 
  football and tennis are the only ones coming to mind that have tournaments that mean more . 
  maybe not even tennis although grand slams are on an equal level olympic titles are just more rare . 
  thanks trump, 
  at least we still have belgium, 
  you can say plenty about christians in western countries who through politics kill thousands of people a year . 
  or that one american priest who went to uganda and got them to put the deathpenalty on being gay . 
  dipshit pence caused and aids epidemic in his state . 
  anti abortian laws in middle and south america cause a lot of deaths thanks to makeshift abortions . 
   but uk is already ripping the human human rights to get laws out , did n't you read the headline ? 
  differences between wanting to and actually doing . 
  if may does n't get a huge majority thursday , she wo n't be able to get this shit through . 
   well banning islam would cause some disruptions , but if you ca n't live without islam perhaps that 's good indication that you might not be what europe needs in the first place ? 
  there 's nothing really good coming out of islam anyhow , not for europeans at least . 
  or can you think of anything ? 
  diversity is in my opinion what makes europe a great place to be . 
  there are plenty of muslims working at big companies and studying at big universities all around this countinent . 
  in the netherlands we have a couple of great dutch writing authors that are muslim . 
  there have been 12 muslim nobel prize winners . 
   mmm , i did n't even hint anything about such things ? 
  i did n't even mention deportation or stripping of citizenship , only about how broken islam is as ideology and how i 'd think it best to be banned or supervise those that practice it , japan already has blanket surveillance for all muslims you know ? 
  the difference is that there are literally 600 muslims in japan . 
  compare that to 3.1 million in the uk alone . 
  you ca n't monitor that many people with blanket surveillance , it is already impossible to monitor everybody who has been on the threatlist , that 's why they only monitor people of whom they have an active suspicion and even that is not something they can just expand in numbers . 
   there 's been 0 islamic terror attacks in japan so far , so i ca n't but think your point is not valid if you regard it to the blanket surveillance . 
  if you go on about islam , so you are saying they will kill us if we remove their rights to practice religion ? 
  do you think it 's good idea to continue with such immigration then ? 
  can you name one good thing come out of mena immigration which you can prove and is not word salad ? 
  i believe that a drowning man will clutch at a straw ( the saying does n't fit as well as my dutch equivalent , blame the english language ) . 
  if you push somebody hard enough they are bound to lash out back at you at one point . 
  and again with japan , 600 on 127 million , japan does n't make a big deal out of it , people are completely intergrated and do n't feel left out of society , it is a completely different kind of society . 
   true , there 's always people wanting to hurt others never mind their beliefs , but the problem uk is tackling now is precisely mena + muslim combination , maybe little bit pakistan thrown in .
