  fair , however incidents are nothing compared to the shit that happened in all the years before the end of wwii . 
  there is a reason the eu is having its longest period of peace in history atm . 
  it may sound shitty to some ( should probably get their heads checked though ) , but having `` the cologne incident '' is better than being at war with other countries in europe that might well invade your borders . 
  hmm , lets see , did i say anything of the sorts ? 
  hmm , no , well then ... do n't worry though , the exclusive club you seem to be defending ( or just really do n't want poland to be a part of ) also includes several central and south american countries , bunch of them in africa and indonesia for sure . 
  i could be missing some . 
  he is saying both hate gays and that is what they have in common . 
  please , that is n't the hardest to figure out . 
  man that shit sucks . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  is this something that happened to you ? 
  just asking because i ca n't even imagine this situation happening in my head . 
  also , is this related to this radiohead thing ? 
  or to the guy just sitting there minding his business with his alcohol ? 
   them having to get a visa means that we can still reject them in case we see them as a threat to our security . 
  we do n't have huge files on every single citizen of the world to know whether they are a threat or not . 
  just like the rest of the `` build a wall around europe '' - people you exaggerate the numbers for easy points ( talking about giving the entire world access ) . 
  the question is , is the political movement big . 
  we here have geert wilders and his party , but even with how big they are now , we would never get close to going out of the eu . 
  there were always , in every country , and will always be some people who want to leave the eu , some posters is not really enough though . 
  the one who will lose the most will be the uk , and the uk of all countries is one of the few who has some international influence . 
  at least they have a permanent seat on the un security council . 
  ca n't say that about any of the others that think about leaving . 
  i 'm young . 
  op implied that they also more often pick out young people rather than old people , while i 'm not a big case study worth of statistics , i 've only ever heard one of my peers get stopped by the police , for being drunk and swearing at policemen . 
  we dutch only travel by bike . 
  regular stuff , shorts when it is warm , longer trousers when it is cold , not too expensive , not cheap , no tracksuits . 
  i have mid long hair and a beard and i tend to smile a bit i guess . 
  i 'm a 20 year old white male , do n't live in some quiet village , and i have never been stopped by police in my entire life . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is mainly a race thing and not any of the others . 
  this woman was at a bar in a hotel where you were allowed to drink . 
  of course the first drink she gets has some kind of roofie in it . 
  the law wo n't work , saying teens something is forbidden is only encouraging them to do that very thing . 
  going to schools and showing kids that getting hit by a car is n't very nice would probably yield better results . 
  when i am out late i rarely see a patrol car , it is very easy to avoid the police with just pure luck . 
  large minorities in other countries swing that a lot . 
  that is what would 've happened if australia would 've won , yes . 
  i was about to say , at least they made it to the finals , but then i remembered that they automatically get there because they pay for it . 
  would 've been held in germany . 
  last year they were allowed to enter because the biggest noneuropean viewerbase was in australia and it was the 60th anniversary . 
  i understand them entering the songfestival more than israel and armenia/georgia/azerbaijan . 
  they are part of asia and i do n't think comparatively their viewerbase was even remotely close to australia . 
  we gave you 10 points for example and there is a large polish community here . 
  as i 've not seen your act , i 'm unsure as to how else it could 've had such a large difference between jury and popular vote , 7 to 220 if i recall correctly . 
  i must say , i 'm expecting poland to be top ten every year at least with this system . 
  i hardly watched any acts , but our commentators mentioned that there are many polish people working in almost all countries of europe that they can kinda rig the system in their favour . 
  just saying . 
  australia wins the eurovision songfestival with a south korean singer . 
  could n't get more european than that !, 
  i was saying because i recall italy still being punished after wwi in the accords that fucked germany over hard and ultimately lead to the rise of hitler . 
  did n't italy kinda like switch sides once of twice ? 
  edit : i appear to not have remembered my history classes of 6 years ago on wwi 100 % correct , i get it . 
  aggressive recruitment is also a big factor there . 
  these teens , which is most of them , are still in the phase that they are developing who they are and then these preachers come and tell them there is this one way that is very good and that they should fight for is against the values , which they tend to dislike because they ca n't get jobs or the like , they have been growing up with their entire lives and that they will be greatly rewarded and all that . 
  here in the netherlands , we have the highest voting record for erdogan of the entire world . 
  the turkish consulate is also very busy trying to keep tabs on turkish citizens here , even opening hotline for people to report insults at the adress of turkey or erdogan . 
  mostly them saying they are turkish and here most turkish people end up marrying ther turkish people that live here , so they keep standing out in the crowd . 
  that and turkish names and the fact that in general it is more likely for a dutch looking person , with a dutch name , to get a job over them if they are equally qualified gives them the feeling that they are n't really dutch . 
  dictators like them ( come sue me fuckers ) know the value of propoganda and the value of killing free press . 
  it really sucks . 
  i 've heard that many turkish people in the netherlands , second or third generation , mostly around the age of 20 , never having visited turkey themselves , are erdogans biggest supporters . 
  it is mainly that erdogans propoganda is reaching very far . 
  it almost sounds like there are no laws protecting whistleblowers in luxembourg . 
  the state of things ca n't be that bad ... can it ? 
  as a dutchman , i appreciate that comment . 
  why are we german and why is n't sweden dutch . 
  especially the last one , is that some kind of german joke ? 
  sounds like a weapon you can find in some fantasy rpg . 
  it is not legal to hold people without a trail or charges or anything . 
  erdogans thought process : 1 . 
  criticize my regime . 
  therefor you are on the side of the g\u00fclen movement . 
  g\u00fclen = terrorists 4 . 
  you are a terrorist . 
  it is just like how he said that because terrorists tell people to go vote `` no '' that everybody who votes `` no '' is a terrorist . 
  i wish we had a dutch motto , not a french one . 
  no hate to france , but really , you guys have n't been in charge here for like 250 years . 
   on a side note . 
  i 'm always amazed at the prevalence of british media on subreddits such as this and other popular ones like worldnews . 
  i think they dominate too much and it is unhealthy . 
  you wo n't find many dutch , italian , german , french , spanish ( or another language that is n't english ) newspapers on english speaking subreddits , it just does n't make sense . 
  and since you are the second biggest english speaking country in the western world , you will see a lot of your own newspapers on here . 
  seeing this and something about the state georgia very close to eachother on my frontpage was quite confusing . 
  that 's fair , everybody should do what they feel most comfortable with . 
  i have heard the same , it could have something to do with being ever so slightly more reckless while wearing a helmet , thinking that you would be fine if you fell . 
  i would n't use one even if it was mandated by law . 
  it makes cycling harder , because everywhere i go , i need to take that helmet with me . 
  they might help , but i recall some kind of statistic which put amount of cycling related accidents against total amount of bikes or cyclists and we were either lowest or second lowest in that stat . 
  we are taught from about age 3 and up how to behave in traffic as cyclists , we even have lessons about it in primary school followed by a practical exam . 
  cyclists are less likely to get into an accident in the netherlands than in probably any other country , because our infrastructure is made with cyclists in mind . 
  it should probably say :  the american president who gave us putin , our new overlord . 
  seeing how he is n't exactly working on nato as something that should stay . 
  they wanted to see if wilders would win . 
  we have 5 million more inhabitants than bayern though . 
  both . 
  i am a supporter of a tougher stance towards erdogan . 
  i do n't have a problem with turkey , but that man is bad news . 
  and the fact that turkey was bold enough that after it had been made clear , turkey asked at the beginning of the month if it could campaign during this time and the government said no , that we would n't want them here at this point in time and they still came ... because of that the whole treatment of their ministers this weekend was done well . 
  and to add to your list , unlike what the pvv leader wanted , rutte did n't start throwing dirt at erdogan . 
  no need to further escalate the situation , erdogan can do that on his own , but this way we keep the moral highground .
