friesland , one of our northern provinces , sort off wants to become independent like scottland ( this was big right before the referendum ) . 
  otherwise , groningen hates the randstad ( our 4 biggest cities : the hague , amsterdam , rotterdam and utrecht ) , because we are getting gas from underneath the province and apparently we are not paying enough to fix all the damage the earthquakes are causing . 
  sadly a lot of people try to claim damage from unmaintained houses as well , without any earthquake damage . 
  other than that , we used to have protestants vs catholics with the southern 3 provinces being catholic : limburg , noord brabant and zeeland ( the one that makes the new one new ) . 
  but this is some 17th/18th century stuff , when we fought against spain for religious independence . 
  what is he threatening the ukraine with ? 
  invading them ? 
  the uk , not only do i love the language , but also i really like the weather ( note that i have only been there in the spring and summer ) . 
  i have been to cambridge and london twice now and really liked this . 
  may have missed some history lessons , but last time i checked , the soviet union fucked up it 's seperate states . 
  what happened after that is the same as what happened to all the colonies of the west after they were declared independent , at first the bad leaders reigned to further fuck it up for their own good . 
  russia may not have caused every single thing , but they certainly set it all in motion and are to blame . 
  probably not that specific , but generally murdering of citizens , this at least equals mass murder or something . 
   we really should have a united european union that grows some balls and stands up for its citizens . 
  russia , and by extension putin himself , are responsible for the mass murder of 200 dutch europeans . 
  yeah , agreed , i really say what everybody is thinking . 
  russia can be offended all they want , but the truth is that they are the cause of this and all the shit in eastern europe . 
  we do have some internationally signed rules , but they are impossible to impose sadly . 
  this is n't a matter of dutch law saying you ca n't shoot civilian planes out of the sky . 
  i better fucking hope they get what they deserve , especially the people on top who are responsible . 
  i do n't need to hear about the execution of the guy who pressed the button , more the guy who ordered the guy that ordered the guy, 
  i 'm thinking it could really backfire , depending on how many others there are that can `` properly '' do the smuggling . 
  backfiring mostly in the form of more refugees drowning , which is bad if you look at it from a humanitarian standpoint . 
  probably . 
  i think my point was that the only country that is doing anything to solve the whole problem in europe is germany . 
  them having some more say in the eu than others because of this is n't a very strange thing to me . 
  they basically pay for more than 50 % of the shit all the other countries do ( do n't quote me on the number ) . 
  if i have the maiority share of a company , or a large minority , i would like to think that i have some decent influence . 
  hmm , yeah , language can be a problem , i do n't know how the english of the average lithuanian is . 
  the thing most people do n't realise is that the ones that get to europe are generally those with a decent to high education , as it takes quite a sum of money to get here via human traffickers . 
  it could boost the economy potentially , but that depends a lot on the country . 
  it is true that they are likely not to want to stay in your country , for most of the same reasons as the ones you mentioned , but i just hope we can get through this together . 
  thanks . 
  it would be great if you just took in a couple . 
  if i remember the planned amounts correctly , it ment that of the 120k , you got about 25k for all of eastern europe , western europe took 75k and southern europe 20k ( on top of the ones that are already there ) . 
  can you tell me what the reason is in your own country that you do n't want any refugees at all ? 
  i 'm starting to think that the `` roma '' in my town are n't even close to actually being roma . 
  your governments arent showing any solidarity with western europe on this matter . 
  all the while we are still giving you large amounts of money . 
  something does n't add up . 
  no , more like eastern europe and the uk vs western europe minus the uk . 
  and not even all of the uk mind you . 
  blessed by thee winneh the pooh , for he shall bring hope and prosperity to this beautiful school, 
  procedures will have to be sped up . 
  take into consideration that most of the refugees are the middle and upper class , mostly with a decent education . 
  here in the netherlands , employment agencies are trying to get the government to speed everything up so they can start having refugees fill vacancies . 
  i imagine that if everybody puts in a little bit of effort , these people do n't have to be on welfare too long or even not at all . 
  to add to what i 've previously said : does this mean that you think that all jews that fled from europe to the uk to the usa are also illigal refugees ? 
  the lazy move is to just take all the money ( = euros , not economic growth ) and not take the immigrants that take effort to turn into money . 
  it 's plain ignorance you are showing me , even worse . 
  you are acting like poland could n't use a bit of economic growth , were n't you just bitching about `` europe destroying your factories and shit '' ( welcome to the free market ) . 
  you are just one lazy ass country only out there for easy money . 
  no , do n't argue , all you 've just said proves my point . 
  because it costs money and we are an union that helps one another . 
  they were coming before that . 
  also , you cant stop people that managed to cross the mediterranean in half a boat by just closing your borders . 
  and this whole thing about only wanting christian refugees is downright bullshit . 
  segregation at its best . 
  sometimes i wonder why we even bothered with eastern europe , if all they want is our money in exchange for nothing . 
  great generalisation . 
  life in those camps is shit , most of the camps are full and a lot of people live outside of those camps . 
  they are also just going straight to europe now instead of stopping in one of those camps . 
  these people want the best for their children and if all you anti-immigration people would get their heads out of their asses , you would see that these people would be a cause of economic growth . 
  hell , the government in germany is already calculationg how much economic growth they could create getting these people to work . 
  if you dont want it to be involuntarily , you do n't want it at all . 
  also , eastern europe is getting loads of money from western europe , we could stop that from coming to pay for the refugees here , but you would n't want that either . 
  you just want 2 of the positives without any of the negatives , welcome to the world , that is n't possible . 
  i suppose poland is sort off an exception because of the ukrainian refugees , but none of the others have that same excuse . 
  exactly , and the petty things that european governments try to do to stop them from advancing to western europe . 
  we are talking about people who crossed the mediterranean , they are not stopped by some barbed wire . 
  always great to hear uk citizens being positive to how germany handles the refugee crisis ( and can i say not in favour of how the uk handles it ? ), 
  after what i hear from the media . 
  i hang around at / r/unitedkingdom sometimes and got very happy after seeing the reactions to [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/3k2gwj/im_not_offering_my_home_to_a_syrian_refugee_that/ ) article . 
  good on you . 
  i know for the fact that the netherlands does this shit as well , although every now and then we get cases that reach the media and after that , it is more likely that we get a different minister for immigration than that those people actually get deported . 
  not sure about your country , but i can remember cases of people who killed themselves after they heard that they had to return , because the government of that country would kill them if they ever set foot in their country again . 
  if i hear about those cases , i just get sad , because it means the system has failed , but changing the system , no that is not something our politicians can actually achieve , sadly . 
  i like to imagine they have no clue because they only use the nazi flag , makes me feel loads better about these people . 
  i think you are right , but i also think that while most/all of our surveillance agencies were giving the us our data , they were also doing it themselves just to make sure . 
  this does n't dismiss the fact that it feels to the public that it has failed with every attack that happens , but we do n't know how many are not happening . 
  with these attacks however i feel like there were n't many stopped cases , because while you may not hear in the news that some guy in afghanistan is stopped from blowing himself to bits thanks to nsa surveillance , it would be big news if a german citizen was stopped . 
   how the european left can support this mass economic migration while ignoring facts like how the world is more peaceful than anytime in it 's history is beyond me . 
  no matter how peaceful it is in the world , people that have their homes blown to bits deserve help and a place to live peacefully . 
  this is n't a game of statistics , sure , it may be very peaceful , but you can be the one telling that to the people whose country is overrun by isis or those who are being opressed by afghanistan/pakistan governments because of their beliefs/views . 
  or south eastern asia , where you see huge amounts of people flee their home country to , for example , australia . 
  there is n't just 1 thing that can make people leave their home towns , this being war . 
  being opressed by your government can also be one . 
  we ca n't let countries like lebanon , jordan and turkey be the only ones to take the burden of all these refugees . 
  in lebanon , a country with a population of 4 million , they have 1 refugee for every 4 lebanonians . 
  turkey is supporting as many refugees on its own as the entire european union . 
  the only real plan is to : 1 . 
  change european migration law so that the migrants do n't have to settle in the country they register , this is putting many people of registering all together and that stops us from giving them proper aid . 
  spread the refugees over all countries in the european union . 
  right now they mostly reside in either italy or greece , or one of the countries on the way to where they want to go , mostly macedonia , serbia , hungary and austria . 
  western europe and scandinavia should take in refugees in proportion to their population . 
  for example , right now , the netherlands is taking in about 25k refugees and the uk is taking in 30k , but the uk has about 4 times as many inhabitants as the netherlands . 
  we are talking here about people and also people that dared to cross the mediterranean in some of the most unsafe boats you will see in your life , because the life they had was that fucked up by everything that happened the last 5 years . 
  they wo n't be stopped by blocking the tunnel at calais or some barbed wire at the borders of hungary and serbia . 
  mind if i borrow that one ? 
  * sighs * i suppose that is actually true , i dropped history 4 years ago so i would n't know .
