it would be interesting to see them try to stage a protest under putin 's rule, 
   when she , nasser and hammouda finally arrived in sweden , she still did not know whether her unborn son was dead or alive all that war raging all the way to sweden that prevented her from asking for help / s, 
   just leave your passport at home and say you are syrian . 
  you can cross the border with a serbian passport , though, 
   which are ? 
  elaborate plz actually giving a shit about their borders . 
  this is something even orban agrees on * '' `` i think if the greeks are not able to defend their own borders , we should ask kindly , because greece is a sovereign country , to let the other countries of the european union defend the greek border , '' orban said . 
  they 're still pretty relevant . 
  it would be good if the eu stepped up because , unlike the states and russia , we do n't need proxy wars dash pissing contests, 
   relevant lmao i totally forgot about that  this is what i 'm getting at . 
  it seems petrov is handling metkovi\u0107i really well yeah , i hope they 'll turn out to be the modern party croatia needs . 
  the thing is you do n't build a party over night so i expect them to make an impact in the next general election, 
   `` it must be spoken with many stakeholders , that includes assad , '' she 's not the first to voice this idea . 
  i 'm glad people are realising there 's no solution without assad * `` austrian foreign minister sebastian kurz said on tuesday ( sept. 8 ) that the west should involve assad and his allies iran and russia to fight rebel isil militants seeking to advance across syria and to establish an islamic `` caliphate '' in the middle east . 
   there 's plenty of other alternatives \u017divi zid iz a meme party full of retards , orah is weak and , despite what they say , they 'd align with sdp , regional parties like hdssb and ids are corrupt as fuck ... 
  most is interesting and i hope they get some support in the upcoming 4 years . 
  all in all , hdz are like a sect and do good on elections . 
  until they 're destroyed or their base dies off , we wo n't have a normal democracy here . 
  this winter , faced with choice between milanovi\u0107 and the commie axis of evil that is hdz , i 'll pick zoki - not voting would be the same as voting to have karamarko , vaso , jandrokovi\u0107 , \u0160uker , josipa rimac & co running the country, 
   that only happened couple days after the damage is already done . 
  only it did n't . 
  / u/ballander posted about it  hungary was under pressure because of migrants croatia is under pressure because the serbian politicians decided to flood it with migrants , not because of the migrants themselves . 
  we 're handling the situation pretty well , considering everything  they blocked commerce like it 's serbia 's fault migrants are heading towards croatia it is . 
  no border control + transporting migrants from the border with macedonia to the border with croatia . 
  despite what people think , milanovi\u0107 and ostoji\u0107 are n't retarded  serbia could block passage from macedonia , and macedonia from greece , but then what ? 
  greece would have to respect its obligations  i do n't need to mention croatian handling of situation with moving them to hungary and that whole scandal of 40 arrested policemen . 
  the `` scandal '' was caused by the populist hungarian government, 
   i bet you 're pretty embarrassed you all voted for milanovi\u0107 now :d no , i 'll vote for him again . 
  the alternative is hdz and i do n't want to see my country cash and burn just as we started recovering, 
  croatian minister of the interior, 
   meaning serbia lost millions in spoiled goods that 's a blatant lie , albeit an expected one . 
  croatia allowed lorries carrying short shelf-life goods to pass , but the drivers issued an ultimatum to the croatian ministry of the interior - either they 're all allowed to cross the border or none will . 
  their problem, 
   i would never have thought that croats still support mehmet , please . 
  it 's mami\u0107 's private team , not the croatian national team, 
   hungary in turn shipped them on to austria , accusing croatia of breaking rules by failing to register migrants . 
   however , some told the bbc that hungary had not registered them either . 
  tomorrow : * `` austria in turn shipped them on to germany , accusing hungary of breaking rules by failing to register migrants . 
  * * however , some told the bbc that austria had not registered them either . 
   albania has indicated it would accept 75,000 syrian refugees from the european union why in the world would a syrian go to albania when he has guaranteed asylum in germany/sweden ? 
  anyway , the people who the ec plans to send countries with these quotas are subsaharan africans , afghans , iraqis , pakistanis , etc , not syrians, 
   favors cap on refugees nazis !, 
  * german chancellor angela merkel asked prime minister zoran milanovi\u0107 to keep the migrants on his territory for a while . 
  milanovi\u0107 basically rejected her request . 
  both sides have agreed that the issue is the greek policy of letting migrants freely enter the country , who then continue their trip north . 
  croatian prime minister said the government ca n't ( or wo n't ) physically prevent the migrants that want to leave the country or open migrant reception centres in which people would be held against their will . 
  all in all , the only thing that 's sure is they 'll talk again in bruxelles this wednesday . 
   what do you think that will happen sweden ? 
   if they do , we send them to greece well , greeks will love the christmas gifts they 're getting this year, 
   imagine if 50 thousand people come just to zagreb with population of 700 thousand and they ca n't pass border to hungary or slovenia . 
  there could be fucking riots on streets . 
  well , we 're probably going to find ourselves in a situation where the government will have to change the policy and close the border with serbia . 
  rightly so - no one cares about us , why should we care about anyone else ? 
  push the ones we have to slovenia/hungary and close our border ( same thing the hungarians did ) with serbia, 
   if they have no place to go , they 'll stay in croatia they ca n't stay in croatia , though . 
  since no one requested asylum ( it 's not like they 'd get it either way ) , they 've got 30 days to leave the country or they 'll be forcibly deported to serbia, 
   i cant even imagine what would happen if turkey one day just says f * ck you europe the weird thing is that turkey 's the one keeping these people from crossing the border , not greece . 
  our pm and * mama merkel * agreed yday that this crisis has to be solved in greece, 
   schengen lmao who cares, 
  good luck on your trip to germany !, 
  `` minister of the interior ranko ostoji\u0107 held a press conference regarding the incident in hungary . 
  croatian police officers have not been arrested , just held . 
  minister ostoji\u0107 said that the incident happened when 40ish police officers , that were traveling with the migrants , crossed the border . 
  said police officers were traveling with the migrants in order to ensure order , which was an arrangement approved by the hungarian government , but hungary obviously decided to abuse the deal and use it for political purposes '', 
   within 3 days the germans & co will put orban in his place next tuesday so it does n't really matter . 
  the tears will be sweet because rampant nationalism is the only thing keeping orban in power, 
   why would they invest in a fuckhuge border fence and at the same time establish corridors ? 
  because , this way , you do n't have border towns basically occupied by them . 
  milanovi\u0107 is forcing the idea that we ( croatia , slovenia , hungary ) have to give them water , something to drink , and just push them through in such convoys . 
  orban & co ca n't just backtrack on their rampant nationalism now, 
   croatia : `` agreement on corridor to germany . '', 
  hungary : `` that 's a lie . '', 
  well , how do they explain the fact they 're transporting all the migrants croatia brings to the beremend and letenye border crossings ? 
  it seems hungary caved in and their government is trying to save face now, 
  yeah , our minister of the interior said there was an incident , but nothing as serious as those reports . 
  he said something about the procedure ... 
  probably just a misunderstanding since both croatia and hungary are just aiming to push them through edit : it seems that the conductor got arrested, 
   why does the eu not just make a fund to help the outter countries fulfill the dublin protocols ? 
  it 's borderline impossible to kick out that many people . 
  croatian prime minister milanovi\u0107 and merkel agreed today that this crisis has to be solved in greece , not in croatia , hungary , austria or slovenia . 
  there 's literally no border control in greece and they 're just pushing them up north, 
   yes , they do no , they do n't . 
  take croatia for example - basically our entire deficit accounts for interest payment . 
  croatia has to pay for the sins of the past governments and is working to restructure its debt . 
  this has nothing to do with salaries in the public sector ( no matter what people think ) . 
  also , a bump in debt was caused by the fact the methodology changed and we had to add the debts of some state-owned companies ( like the zagreb-rijeka highway and the croatian railways ) in the official debt estimations, 
   slovenia and croatia keep their average salaries high through massive loans are you on drugs , serbia ? 
  the reasons croatia and slovenia have nothing to do with salaries, 
   protection of the border does not entail prevention of migrants from asking for asylum , which is an unalienable human right , european commission spokesperson natasha berto told reporters in brussels when asked to comment on the decisions by hungary and then croatia to close down the crossings on the border with serbia european commission ? 
  they can go fuck themselves  the spokesperson said that despite the claims by zagreb concerning migrant overflow , no requests for assistance have arrived in brussels from croatia for purposes of provision of accommodation to migrants . 
  our pm said croatia wo n't ask for any funds because we 're not accommodating anyone and we 'll not turn ourselves in a concentration camp for eu to cherry-pick migrants out of, 
   marxist.com just, 
  * there are 1500 migrants waiting at the beremend border crossing * a few buses have already left * other buses will leave as soon as they pick up the migrants, 
   aggressive to whom ? 
  in getting rid of them . 
  it 's clear that the eu does n't give a shit so why not dump them all on them ? 
   should n't we bring them back from the way they came , serbia ? 
  they have to leave the country in 4 weeks . 
  if they do n't do that , they 'll get deported back to serbia  why not put them on a boat and return them to greece ? 
  because that costs money ?
