  i guess people here will actually take that as a compliment, 
   in certain islamic circles that is a very dangerous thing to do the guy in the article is iranian , though . 
  he would n't be accepted in islamic circles either way, 
   what if 20.000 of them break barriers and start marching on highway with merkel 's photos yelling `` germoney , germoney '' ? 
  emergency measures . 
  for now , police officers from other counties are ready to move in and secure the border, 
  do n't know , they did n't say 2 . 
  serbia wants to push all the migrants north/west, 
   will react our minister of the interior said croatia has a permanent border control on a higher level than the temporary ones austria and germany introduced , and that they will keep protecting our borders . 
  the migrants that show up at the border can claim asylum - if they 're syrian , they 'll get sent to zagreb ; if they 're not , back to serbia they go, 
   can anyone explain that logic to me ? 
  because the migrants from iraq , afghanistan , iran , etc think converting will land them asylum and the protestants are willing to be their `` partners in crime '', 
  `` one of the bus drivers told a b92 reporter , currently in pre\u0161evo , that they 've been ordered to take all the refugees to \u0160id . 
  according to the same reporter , there are several buses on the bus station ready to leave for \u0160id . 
  hungary closing its border with serbia is what lead to this sudden change in the route . 
  `` blic '' reports that the drivers have been told not to stop until the refugees are at the border with croatia . 
  besides that , the police is redirecting all the buses that have left for the border with hungary '', 
  and removing al-assad would create a power gap that would make libya look like a preschool playground, 
   people so clearly in need * '' ` we hear that things are much better in europe , that everything is free , '' 27-year old sherif , from qamishli in syria , said '' *, 
  the article says : * `` europe needs economic migrants . 
  it has too few workers to pay for its citizens ' retirement and to provide the services they want . 
  migrants are net contributors to the public purse . 
  they inject economic dynamism . 
  they are , almost by definition , self-starters . 
  '' * are the asylum seekers swarming the eu borders really what the author suggests ? 
  [ a reality check from an article by reuters ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/09/15/uk-europe-migrants-turkey-greece-idukkcn0rf19m20150915 ) * '' ` we can not get work here . 
  we hear that things are much better in europe , that everything is free , ' 27-year old sherif , from qamishli in syria , said '' *, 
   `` we can not get work here . 
  we hear that things are much better in europe , that everything is free , '' 27-year old sherif , from qamishli in syria , said oh , well, 
   even 60 thousand police officers do n't make a difference . 
  if thousands of migrants pile up at batrovci / bajakovo , it becomes a humanitarian sob story right quick . 
  well , our politicians ca n't afford the luxury of caving in to `` humanitarian sob stories '' . 
  what people fail to understand is that the majority of croats is only tolerant when the issue does n't directly concern them . 
  since the general election should be held in 2 months , letting a bunch of migrants swarm the cities on the way to slovenia would mean a political suicide for the social democrats who are facing a tough political battle against the cdu ( hdz ) as it is, 
   they 'll walk on highway and railway tracks instead there are 6 thousand police officers protecting our borders and , if you want to enter the country , you have to apply for asylum . 
  reuters interviewed some syrian `` refugees '' and they 've said they want to go through croatia/slovenia/austria to germany so `` our '' policy kind of fucks with their plans . 
   if they 're placed in poland & decide to come to the uk they wo n't get any benefits at all either & wo n't be able to work legally consider the facts that an asylum seeker gets $ 13/month in croatia , that you ca n't work for 12 months after you got asylum ( there 's a rather fair chance you wo n't get your application approved ) , and that you would n't get a job in the first place since our unemployment rate is way higher than the eu average , that you , most likely , have n't got a uni degree , and you do n't speak croatian ( i doubt a non-slav can become fluent in under a year ) - not even the fact we 're not in the schengen zone would keep you here, 
   croatia would have to take in a whopping 6.000 refugees , do n't tell me that 's gon na ruin your country it wo n't do it any good , that 's for sure . 
  put aside the facts we could n't possibly house that many people and they do n't even want to be here ( they 'd get whooping $ 13 pocket money a month and next no chance of asylum ) ... croatia is indebted , needs to cut its budget deficit , we 've got 300 thousand unemployed ( unemployment 16 % ) , people are leaving the country en masse or just stopped caring , our healthcare is crumbling , etc. 
  now , tell me , why should we accept thousands of subsaharan africans , iraqis , and afghans ( we all know croatia wo n't be getting any syrians ) when we ca n't even take care of our poor and undereducated ? 
  add to that the fact the established mechanism would mean we 'd have to accept as many as you 'd send ( we all know that this is n't the last round of quotas ) and it would be crazy to do so, 
  well , if they think going as far as using blackmail to force something on sovereign nations is a smart idea , then it 's clear the eu is a sham and it either needs to be reformed or dissolved . 
  you do n't need to explain to a croat how the tyranny of the majority works since we 've already been a part of a similar project ( which ended in bloodshed , by the way ), 
   it 's undemocratic to just say you do n't want to how is it undemocratic to use your democratic right and vote for what you think is best for both your country and the eu ? 
   germanys ~ 20 billion euro contribution to the eu is n't that cute ? 
  germany will surely be better off by keeping those 20 billion once the eu falls apart and german companies lose free access to other states ' markets, 
   `` the negotiations situation is such that nothing happens to countries which refuse . 
  we need to talk about ways of exerting pressure . 
  these are often countries that receive a lot of structural funds from the european union , '' german interior minister thomas de maiziere told zdf . 
  so national sovereignty and democracy mean nothing when it does n't suit germany/european commission ? 
  this is legit blackmail and it 's worrisome how they 're not even trying to hide the fact they want to rule the 28 member states any more, 
   they expect a better life than in a camp in turkye so do billions around the world . 
  i 've got nothing against helping people out , but , in this case , taking in people who show up on eu borders means it 's for life - they are n't going back to syria , even the kurd that did the iama said so, 
  that image is a few years old ... 
  pretty sure warsaw has n't forgotten what solidarity is : * '' ... there are 400 thousand ukrainian citizens permanently in polish territory '' * `` western '' media is disgusting with its shaming of some member-states . 
  reading all this shit , you 'd think poles are the worst people out there . 
  the eu army would be such a great idea . 
  poles and balts would sign up first / s * `` nearly three quarters of germans would oppose nato having permanent nato military bases in eastern europe as requested by poland and the baltic states because of a perceived threat from russia , according to a new poll released on wednesday . 
  '' * * `` russia is an important trading partner for germany and the source of more than a third of its gas - a relationship that has encouraged caution in chancellor angela merkel 's response . 
  '' * * `` but germans are also have a broader distaste for overseas military actions , as demonstrated by a separate forsa poll for stern magazine in which 71 percent of people opposed sending german troops abroad even when diplomacy or sanctions fail . 
   croatia collecting humanitarian aid for migrants in serbia and macedonia , an article in a regional newspaper , a facebook group , and a rally in zagreb attended by 10 or so people . 
  great * `` events '' * you 've got there ... 
   if they get past those the thing is - our government might just let them cross the border . 
  god knows what they 'll do because both letting them in and going full hungary is bad for them : letting in a few thousand people a day would hurt them in the upcoming elections and so would going full hungary ( a part of their base would n't like it and they 'd get attacked by both the opposition and the eu ), 
  it would n't be that hard since the danube and sava make the majority of the border with serbia and b&h that would be part of the route . 
  the problem is that the government has no plan nor funds to deal with a possible crisis . 
  the media and the politicians made it seem as if the migrants would n't be interested in going through croatia ( we 're not part of the schengen agreement ) or would , worst case scenario , pass through on their way to germany - they disregarded the fact that hungary plans to build a fence on the exposed parts of its border with croatia and that the slovenians will enforce stricter border controls . 
  also , i doubt we 'd ever build a fence because the largest opposition party sees croatia as germany 's bitch and the coalition government ( centre-left ) is weak/there are elections coming up so they 'd shoot themselves in the foot with such a `` nationalist '' move, 
  '' * eu * : well , congratulations , you got yourself flooded by migrants . 
  what 's the next step of your master plan ? 
  * `` mama merkel '' * : crashing this schengen agreement ... with no survivors ! '', 
   `` it could prevent us from arriving at the political settlement that is ultimately needed to bring a peace back to syria . '' they 've been talking about a political solution for 4 and a half years now . 
  talk about `` failure '' ... 
   there 's a backstory ? 
  kurds started throwing stones and bottles at the turks who were marching to commemorate the deaths of turkish soldiers that died in the latest escalation of violence in turkey * `` turkey has seen spiraling violence since july , with hundreds reported killed in the renewed conflict between security forces and the kurdistan workers ' party , or pkk -- including more than a hundred soldiers and police officers . 
  the renewed fighting has shattered a peace process with the kurds that was launched in 2012 . 
  all this * ` naming and shaming ' * by the european/american media reminds me of https://youtu.be/4ltkrg5lhpk?t=3m24s, 
   or they might catch the smugglers the smugglers have been leaving migrants on these rafts to be picked up by the italians/europeans for some time now . 
  why would they take risks when they know the europeans will pick up the migrants and take them to italy/malta ? 
  even if some get arrested , the money smuggling brings is too good to deter people from doing it - and it 's not like they 're going to arrest anyone indispensable . 
  these half-assed approaches westerners take never work, 
   the resolution could be seen as an effort to show europeans at home that their governments are doing something to halt the flow of people . 
  yet stepping up enforcement may do little , by itself , to deter people trying to get to europe or the ** smugglers , who could easily abandon them on the high seas and head back to libyan territorial waters . 
  ** so they 're making it even easier for smugglers to push the migrants across the mediterranean sea ? 
  bravo , europe, 
  more blackmail ? 
  more blackmail . 
  first romano prodi implies that the uk not letting in migrants will damage david cameron 's hopes of achieving a successful renegotiation with brussels , then the austrian interior minister proposes withholding eu funds from countries which refuse the quotas , and now this . 
  sweet , sweet eu democracy at its finest, 
  for the xy-th time , `` thanks , * ` mama merkel ' * '', 
   they leave austria in an empty car , without any immigrants . 
  how should our police stop them ? 
  they organise themselves using social networks and gather at one place - it 's basically a criminal conspiracy since they 're aiding the migrants in illegally crossing the border between austria and hungary . 
  it 's worrisome how governments turn a blind eye on stuff like this out of political correctness, 
   or you could open refugee camps and process them there . 
  for example establish safe zones in syria , or process them in already existing camps in jordan , turkey ... yeah , that plan was laughed away https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ke3fj/dutch_plans_for_refugee_crisis_laughed_away_in/ common sense is a big ` no-no ' in europe at the moment, 
  european politicians laughed away a constructive proposal ? 
  colour me surprised ... 
  is europe united on anything these days ? 
  this is what austria 's foreign minister sebastian kurz said about the situation in syria and al-assad : * '' ` in my opinion the priority is the fight against terror .
