hindsight - it 's a bitch . 
  dude , same exact story for me . 
  3 miles - 5 and a half hours . 
  well fuck that guy, 
  yes , because i think radical islam is a problem in europe i must be a nazi . 
  i would love to get my hands on whatever you are smoking . 
  i 'm 27 , born in 88 . 
  i 've always had the `` 88 '' as the end of my usernames on message boards in the states . 
  maybe 88 is a euro nazi thing , but i 've certainly never heard of it being used here in the us . 
  i love how everyone thinks that 's a nazi thing . 
  i was born in 88 dumb shit . 
  i love how everyone thinks that 's a nazi thing . 
  i was born in 88 dumb shit . 
  pc is a fad that ebbs and flows . 
  your laws are on the books . 
  i 'll take my real free speech all day . 
  the guardian : `` huffington post east '', 
  i agree that americans are being more pc and it 's annoying as shit . 
  however , we actually have way more free speech than a lot of western europe and their `` hate speech '' laws , which are an affront to free speech . 
  everyone knows what `` pc '' is in america , chief . 
  it 's all we deal with everyday . 
  we `` deal '' with it . 
  europe has been sucked up by it . 
  if islam were a stock it would be flat lining . 
  convincing lefties that islam is not a race is useless man . 
   forums like this serve as an oasis of conversation because people like me are afraid to publically voice opinions deemed politically incorrect ditto . 
  spoken like a true lib . 
  ignore , ignore , ignore, 
  `` south asians '' ... they are keeping it as ambiguous as they can i guess . 
  no shit , dumbass . 
  i was talking about current appeasement . 
  if anything , it 's the far left that is getting pretty much everything they want right now . 
  and yes , in my view merkel is left . 
  yea i 'm surprised i can wipe my ass in the morning , you know since i 'm a dumb ass yank . 
  what the hell appeasement are you talking about ? 
  i just think europe should consider long term consequences of opening flood gates to pretty much everyone seeking `` asylum '' . 
  yes , because being critical of mass migration makes you a nazi . 
  are you high ? 
  apparently 88 means hh for heil hitler in the mind of all reddit lefties . 
  it 's the year many people were born . . but / u/thebeercannon is just another lefty jackass, 
  `` lift '' ... yea that or planting seeds for the next hitler . 
  seriously , does merkel not consider that she is possibly creating a monster ? 
  i feel like germany now has this perception inferiority complex because of national socialism and the only way to combat it is to be `` uber tolerant '' . 
  unfortunately , they do n't seem to realize that polarities lead to disaster in politics . 
  ah yes , the `` blame it all on america '' card . 
  do n't blame the shitty ideals that have been causing constant warfare in that region for over 1,000 years . 
  i was simply referring to the americans and companies that invented those things in our evil capitalistic system . 
  i always find it funny when europeans hate on american capitalism that actually resulted in many of the iphones , cars , and planes europeans use today . 
  if you boil it down to that simple statement it sure makes it sound simple huh ? 
  what if you are already having issues with people from middle eastern countries and you start importing millions of them wholesale ? 
  this is why europe is spinning down the toilet . 
  this attitude . 
  come on man . 
  like it or not this is a political situation , chief . 
  islam in europe is not a small issue right now . 
  i would also argue that the left 's promotion of multiculturalism in europe has been a big factor in all the extremist bullshit there today . 
  `` oh nothing to see here , no culture is better than others . . who are we to judge '' blah blah blah . 
  here in america that 's what liberals do . 
  i do n't understand how you can be a liberal and coddle islam . 
  yea god forbid she tells the non-pc truth . 
  jesus ... and people in my country think we have immigration problems . 
  have fun with this europe . . 
  can you imagine the shit storm that would ensue if they bombed the vatican ? 
  you are high . 
  arabs and latinos look nothing alike . 
   he said shaking hands with someone from the opposite sex is too `` intimate '' , and instead put his hand on his heart in a muslim greeting . 
   a debate ensued in sweden , with khan 's critics calling his behaviour insulting to women and his supporters dismissing the criticism as islamophobia . 
  sweden 's green party is the poster child for the regressive left . 
  ha holy shit - thanks for the heads up . 
  stick to the motherboard woz . 
   it 's complete hypocrisy for the americans to lecture us on this . 
  trust me , he does n't speak for all of us . 
  i ca n't speak for the american right , especially since i consider myself a centrist ( far left just pisses me off more than far right ) . 
  for me , it simply comes down to this : israel does some things with settlements that i wish they would n't do , but compared to palestinian actions they are the much more righteous of the two . 
  not to mention that they could have been much bigger dickheads about territory after they won the six day war . 
   is this surprising to anyone ? 
  am i missing how news like this is important somehow ? 
  it 's not important in a `` power '' sense - but it is disturbing that someone like her could be elected in a western country having said the things she 's said . 
  and i thought our college students were acting like idiots these days . 
  this takes the cake . 
  good god . . the european left 's utter disdain for israel is mind boggling to me . 
  the key is reconstruction . 
  you have to make sure the losing side does n't freak out and start another war . 
  unfortunately for us , one of the compromises was allowing jim crow laws and segregation in the south post civil war . 
  this did n't get resolved for a century and the scars are still very present today . 
  in essence , in order to keep peace leaders will make highly questionable moral decisions . 
   or maybe yours are ? 
  who decides ? 
  this is the fundamental problem with hate speech laws . 
   my point is his statements , no matter how retarded they are , should be covered by freedom of speech . 
  at this point i can only laugh . 
  what the fuck, 
  ah regressive left in action . 
  jesus christ sweden ... 
  the washington post is such a fucking joke . 
   imagine suicide bombers in the superbowl stadium ... broadcasted live on tv , when everybody is watching . 
  you 'd see wwii level volunteerism in american military recruiting depots . 
  not sure about how europeans would react to an attack on a euro match , but i have a feeling that there is no quicker way to piss off westerners than by fucking with their sporting events . 
   if someone was arrested for a tweet like that over here i think people would go insane yep . 
  big time .
