  i got into it with a german on here the other day about this . 
  they genuinely seem to be ok with `` hate speech '' and `` insults '' being illegal in their country . 
  and you see no problems with someone in government deciding what is considered `` hate speech '' and what is n't ? 
  the only solution is to make all speech free ( yes i know there will always be exceptions of some kind ) . 
  look , i understand why germans are wary of unlimited free speech because of your past . 
  however , by censoring `` hate '' speech , you eliminate the ability to confront and challenge it . 
  you do n't get rid of the feelings behind the speech by censoring it - you allow the hatred to thrive and grow in the shadows . 
   from an outsider perspective , it might sound like a government tool to silence dissenting opinions . 
  it is n't . 
  well good now i feel better . 
  to clarify , i understand the situation . 
  i just think the law is stupid . 
  i 'm sure you feel similarly about many american laws . 
  i would n't be ok with it - but i believe in free speech no matter how much it offends someone . 
   germany has laws which make insults illegal . 
  and this is a supported law ? 
  unless i read this wrong , he is being prosecuted by his own government for hate speech . 
  i do n't know how germans are ok with this . 
  it 's funny , because they do n't seem to realize that censoring just makes things worse . 
  by censoring `` hate '' speech , you eliminate the ability to confront and challenge it . 
  you do n't get rid of the feelings behind the speech by censoring it - you allow the hatred to thrive and grow in the shadows . 
  just disenfranchised youth - nothing to see here . 
  as an american , this blows me away ... i just ca n't imagine our government conducting raids based on opinions they consider `` hate speech '' . 
  at what point did germany and other european countries consider it ok to make opinionated speech a punishable offense ? 
  what drove this movement ? 
  this is fucking orwellian . 
  how are germans letting their government get away with shit like this ? 
  fuck it , just go full pc - they were `` mostly human '', 
  white guys in britain ? 
  what the fuck are they doing there ? 
  dear germany , you do n't have to make odd videos decrying the far right if you handle your regressive left first . 
  of course not , but welfare ( in general ) is seen as taboo in the u.s. my question was more centered on how welfare is perceived in the netherlands . 
  with all due respect , that mother fucker flew planes into national landmarks and killed thousands of civilians . 
  the celebration of his death was more than justified . 
  by that logic , we just need to make murder legal to cut down on murder rates . 
  well weak progressive leftists have driven your county into the deep end of the economic shitter ... 
  jesus christ that is orwellian . 
  why in the fuck does legislation like that exist ? 
  i understand it being illegal for saying things like `` kill the migrants !, 
  '' , but if he just said something like `` i hate these goddamn migrants ! '', 
  and was arrested for it then that is severely troubling . 
  people are allowed to say stupid shit in western society . 
  what a cop out . 
  some are more backwards than others . 
  they have good reasons to be terrified of that backwards religion . 
  holocaust guilt . 
  considering the car you use , plane you fly in , and computer you are typing on were invented by americans i 'd say you are sucking our collective cocks all the time . 
  many europeans see america as one big cheeseburger eating culture . 
  they do n't seem to realize our country is the size of western europe and the total population is similar as well . 
  oh jesus not pepper spray !, 
  some of you europeans have lost your backbones since wwii . 
  pepper spray is illegal ? 
  jesus europe . . remove your tampons . 
  except when i tweet about protests i do n't get a visit from the cops . 
  remove your cranium from your anus . 
  sorry , but fuck that . 
  yes , take some - but not nearly the numbers the morons across the atlantic are taking . 
  a woman voluntarily converting to islam is about as crazy as it gets . 
  those are all old incidents - incidents before facebook , twitter and social media started toppling reputations and careers . 
  thank god for the atlantic ocean . 
  if a us president fucked up as bad as merkel the impeachment process would be in full swing . 
  who 's still standing ? 
  no nationalisation is not nationalism . 
  nationalism is extreme pride in one 's country , whereas nationalisation is where you turn private industry ownership over to the state . 
  nationalisation is admittedly stupid and has proven to be foolhardy throughout history , but it 's a completely different term than nationalism . 
  `` burying your head in the sand '' - an essay with contributions from the washington post , the guardian , and the huffington post . 
  that 's because our benefits programs are n't altogether asinine . 
  dude , this is my exact story . 
  my best bud here moved from iran 5 years ago and he loves it here . 
  he also thinks islam is a joke . 
  persians are some of the most reasonable people in that region . 
  my own theory is that their culture does n't have to hinge as much on its islamic history since it had such a rich history before it . 
  yes , although shia islam is not an innocent sect by any means they are much better than sunnis . 
  i 'm not talking about the shiite leaders - just normal everyday folk . 
  uh ... i 'd at least suggest to someone to look into that mosque . 
  that 's the most chilling part . 
  i once had a strange conversation with an american born palestinian girl who was in med school in the states . 
  she was a `` moderate '' muslim ( no hijab , actually would go to bars ) . 
  i also assumed she had to have a brain if she was in med school . 
  however , this conversation confirmed to me that not all doctors are smart . 
  she seemed normal . . until about 10 minutes into the conversation when she started talking about how 9/11 was a big jewish conspiracy . 
  this came up because it was the 9/11 anniversary on that particular day . 
  she was saying it like it was just a casual truth . 
  and she was stone cold sober ( would go to bars , but would n't drink like the kaffir ) . 
  my best friend here is a persian who has been in the us for 5 years . 
  believe me , they are easily the easiest to assimilate . 
  they love american and western culture . 
  now , every arab i have met in america ( even the ones born here ) have all had frightening paranoia and believed in conspiracy theories like jews causing 9/11 or jews running isis . 
  mostly jew related things . 
  except nuns were n't blowing shit up . 
  i 've always felt that `` god save the queen '' was weak and too short . 
  yea this sucks , but it ca n't be blamed on ridiculing mass immigration . 
  the ideology itself is not dangerous . 
  it 's quite rational actually . 
  people do not want to see their culture usurped in the name of political correctness . 
  if some jackass kills people because he/she harbors racist thoughts then that is their own fault . 
  people who have concerns over mass immigration should not have to foot the bill for people wearing vader masks and stabbing people . 
  your kitten should have finished the job . 
  - and a berlin imam , abu bilal ismail , called on allah to `` destroy the zionist jews ... count them and kill them , to the very last one . '', 
  i consider myself a centrist that 's slightly to the right and this is why : i 'd rather talk to a righty over a lefty because at least most righties will listen to you and retort .
