but he is not a valued employee at a german company !, 
  he 's just some guy that worked for a syrian company that had a business relationship with a german company at some point in the past . 
  if that company in particular does n't need a new employee at the moment i doubt they care about that . 
  plus construction companies normally are n't involved in humanitarian work , so i assume they have no interest in funding refugees . 
  we also do not know how close they 've worked together . 
  well hopefully none of use will be accused of being terrorists because we read about a guy being accused of terrorism because he was reading about terrorism . 
  there are no refugee headhunters out there who select only skilled people . 
  and why would a company he only had a business relationship with sponsor him in any way ? 
  they could still need dutch wives . 
  why should they pay attention to comments from people mainly from the us ? 
  as far as i know they are n't doing anything to help the situation themselves , so why take advice from them ? 
  couple of comments from australia , but everybody knows they have absolutely no interest at all in helping any refugee , so not exactly someone to listen to as well . 
  you can not request asylum from outside of the country . 
  it 's not only misused . 
  there are plenty of honorable people . 
  and the fairytale about the teeth ? 
  yeah , that has been proven wrong . 
  oh , and they would also need to be registered in turkey somehow , otherwise you ca n't prove that they 've been there . 
  and you think turkey can handle them all ? 
  or eu states are allowed to deport people to turkey without the turkish governments consent ? 
  yes the do have working governments , but that is n't a guarantee for the ability to host millions of refugees . 
  some things are n't as easy as `` oh , we 're going to send them money , that 's going to solve the problem '' . 
  and yes , european right states that if you travel to germany through another eu country or through a safe third country , you 're application for asylum will most likely be denied . 
  but although this is the law , you still have the right to apply for asylum and there is no way to keep refugees from entering your country unless you 're going to close the borders and build a wall . 
  which obviously is n't an option . 
  therefore , if someone applies for asylum here their application needs to be revised and they will either be granted asylum or denied asylum . 
  as this process takes time , the refugees need to be placed in emergency accommodations , because they can not be living on the streets for months . 
  if they 've already been registered in another country their application will be denied . 
  personally i think this process needs to be way faster and refugees should be distributed equally among eu states , but there is no way to keep refugees out of europe and yes , i do think that we have to help the once they are here and wait for there application to be processed . 
  yeah , because the want to avoid having to deal with the refugees themselves at all costs . 
  but money is n't a solution to everything . 
  who is going to controll the money ? 
  who is going to decide what it 's spend on ? 
  who is going to work these camps ? 
  they do not have the resources for that . 
  they do not only need money , they do need fewer refugees . 
  and hungary as well as the rest of the eu ( and probably the world ) is obliged to help them by taking in refugees themselves . 
  deportation to where ? 
  back to hungary ? 
  not everybody who is coming to germany has been staying in a camp somewhere else . 
  if you 've been registered somewhere else you 'll have to return to that country and apply for asylum there . 
  but i honestly think believing that turkey , lebanon and co. are able to handle all the refugees is pretty naive . 
  have you seen pictures from the refugee camps there ? 
  they are huge and they 're overcrowded to the max . 
  we simply can not unload our responsibility on these countries and let them handle this crisis on their own . 
  could you please elaborate this ? 
  i 'm not really sure what you mean by these one-sentence answers . 
  which does n't make them turkish . 
  and obviously a lot of people from syria do not stay in the neighbouring countries , because those countries simply can not handle them all . 
  are you implying that all of the refugees should stay with the neighbouring countries as long as those countries are considered safe ? 
  how is that going to work ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're talking about . 
  there are no turkish refugees at the moment and i 'm pretty sure there have never been ones . 
  a lot of turkish people came her as workers decades ago , but that has nothing to do with the current situation . 
  zero . 
  because kosovo is considered safe and `` refugees '' coming from there have no right to apply for asylum . 
  whereas syria is a war zone therefore refugees might be sucessful if they seek asylum . 
  the media campaign was started to show those , who plan to come to germany as refugees , that they will be send back . 
  no , i 'm not going to believe that everybody is like that . 
  mostly because i 've met others who were n't like that . 
  and that 's also a reality . 
  they will definitely not get a house/flat to themselves right away and nobody is going to provide them with a tv . 
  they will most likely stay in some sort of emergency accomodation for the first time and maybe move to a flat after some time until their application is processed . 
  i 'm pretty sure they will have to leave germany once their application for asylum is declined , because they 've lived in poland before which is considered safe . 
  they probably did n't know this , did n't believe this or did n't care . 
  i 'm all in for helping refugees , but i can not understand how you could act like that . 
  i would recommend cologne , as it 's within reach from amsterdam and you could make a short stop in aachen on your way . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i guess this is somehow part of a bigger picture that i was n't fully aware of . 
  what about [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2vzh3d/remember_the_ukrainian_redditor_who_awoke_to_a/?sort=new ) ? 
  did n't the balcony guy actually deliver proof ? 
  i thought there was an actual video posted ? 
  apart from that : there are a lot of iamas hosted all over reddit , mostly because the specific toppic does n't attract a lot of attention outside of a small group . 
  especially when it comes to national/genre related issues . 
  there are plenty of them on r/de and other places and some sort of proof is always provided , so i guess it 's not that unusual . 
  well , thanks ? 
  it 's not my native language so i was n't aware if it 's an established word , but thanks for pointing out that it is . 
  learning something new everyday . 
  it 's trilingual . 
  i hope that 's a word . 
  haha !, 
  i like the idea of everyone having their own bin that 's only for their personal use !, 
  love that i 'm now somewhat connected to such an awesome story !, 
  yay internet !, 
   definitely a story to tell for years , how you 've been terrorized by an angry old german , wondered for years what you might have done and then found out the truth over a strangers comment on the internet !, 
  hahahaha !, 
  i 'm so sorry for that horrible memory !, 
  that must have been a real dickhead !, 
  sorry that you had to run into such a delightful person  seems like he took things a little too serious . 
  glad you got out there alive , if he threw things at you over .25 ct i can only imagine what other things he might have been capable of . 
  hope that did n't ruin your opinion on germans !, 
  but thank god you finally got closure on the past :d, 
  it was invented because the percentage of reusable bottles was declining for years , therefore they hoped that establishing a pawn system would increase usage and reduce the use of disposable ones . 
  that was very disturbing . 
  i know , we had one of those when i was a kid . 
  but i was living in a small village at that time with a high quality water well and a house with new pipes . 
  i would n't consider drinkink the tap water in cologne , even though germany has high standards when it comes to tap water quality . 
  too calcareous . 
  maybe berlin is bit more laid back when it comes to that . 
  i 'm pretty bad at being on time myself , but everybody else i know is pretty anal about it .
