  that was definitely not what i was expecting from a newspaper article !, 
  but great writing nonetheless !, 
  midway through i hoped for some sort of thriller/criminal minds ending , but reality was way more depressing , as usual . 
  sad to know that they will probably never find out who the second body belonged to . 
  maybe they were looking for the g-spot ( g-punkt ) ... 
  but you do wear them !, 
  and even twice a year !, 
  but in the southern part of germany i assume ? 
  that 's what i said i did n't say you wear them 24/7 . 
  hey , we just want to make sure you do n't get any more sunburned than you already are !, 
  it is hard for us to look at your glooming red skin and not try to help you in any kind of way !, 
  that 's just sour grapes on your part , 
  i do n't want to look up scat porn . 
  is this in any way related to scatman ? 
  what exactly is n't true about that ? 
  we do not all wear lederhosen and dirndl . 
  that 's limited to the southern part of germany . 
   oh and probably that we 're not all closeted nazis anymore , but i 'll guess we 'll have to live with that . 
  edit : a word, 
  naaah , would 've done the same if there was something like germaustralia on the list . 
  woul have been funnier if it was u suk though . 
  they probably got all excited and thought they could vote for themselves due to some technical glitch . 
  too bad . 
  more fun at the back anyways . 
  who even wants to be up there with all the celebrating and tears and such . 
  we will !, 
  we 've been looking for voting buddies for years now !, 
  we tried to collaborate with austria , belgium and the netherlands , but unfortunately they were n't interested , although they do not have voting-buddies of their own as well . 
  just give us a call next year and we will vote for any comedic performance you come up with !, 
  you get some germoneys and you get some germoneys . 
  going full oprah with the germoneys . 
  well , that was a close one . 
  i liked austria as well . 
  nothing too extraordinary , but a solid song and a great band . 
  voting is weird sometimes . 
  yes . 
  group hug . 
  with the group only beeing the two of us . 
  we are very likeable now . 
  thanks , 
  i 'm afraid not . 
  embarrassingly enough i remembered that totally useless fact from when i read about kimye 's wedding back then . 
  they explained why she was there with the fact that her boyfriend is in the music industry . 
  i 'm not proud about my knowledge . 
  but ... we won esc in 2010 . 
  that was also after ww2 . 
  basically . 
  i think they 're going to publish that in the next days . 
  not 100 % sure though . 
  so ... austria . 
  what are we going to do down here now ? 
  have some schnitzel and beer ? 
  congratulations sweden !, 
  really looking forward to next years show , filled with hot swedish guys !, 
  yes !, 
  yes you are !, 
  the voting is broken . 
  we 're definitely going to get drunk and cry a bit together . 
  this just became the best comment ever with the `` 12 points from russia go to russia `` nonsense from the presenter . 
  mother russia . 
  you stay down here with us . 
  it 's like a car crash . 
  i can not look away . 
  what the fuck is happening ? 
  no points between germany and austria ? 
  wtf ? 
  ridiculous how they think that you actually vote for those songs you like . 
  that 's probably because you can not vote for yourself . 
  explain please !, 
  but ... but ... why ? 
  let 's just have our own party , with 0 points and hookers . 
  why is nobody voting for us ??? 
  why does everybody hate us ?? 
  unfortunately not . 
  her boyfriend is the manager of lana del ray . 
  they also have a son if i 'm not mistaken . 
  now to the part i love most . 
  the awkward pauses during the point presentation . 
  well , they gave her a dildo in a box , so ... 
  they do n't show any of it in the recap :(, 
  [ europe ftw !!!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ez9lhoo8fzo ), 
  ok . now the pills are kicking in . 
  so now we are having a quick culture lesson for everyone ? 
  fuck your popsongs , here 's some real music ? 
  i actually though that was some sort of wurst hanging from her arm . 
  glad i was wrong . 
  i really liked serbia , australia , belgium , sweden , austria , israel , and even russia . 
  not sure about a favorite though . 
  would be okay with any of them winning actually . 
  i love italian . 
  but that was very the three tenors . 
  i just died a little from laughing . 
  ^ this . 
  pretty sure that 's how most of the voting logic works . 
  haha . 
  `` her word in god 's . . ehm . . pardon putin 's ear '' . 
  german commentator on the irony of a peace song from russia . 
  iiiis n't it ironic ... do n't you think . 
  finally some weird on the floor rolling/dancing .
