  everyone who knows about good espresso should be cherished . 
  it 's more like the english ` one ' . 
  i 'm not sure , but i guess people might be so frolicsome somewhere that they actually would say something boisterous as `` good weather '' or even `` perfect weather '' . 
  i would feel guilty , but i 've never ever seen one of my neighbors cleaning their windows in all those years as well , so i guess i 'm not the only one , 
  well you might have a point here :d i grew up in a small village ( 500 people ) right outside a small town ( 14.000 people ) and while the village had no traffig lights the town was full of them . 
  so we learned to respect them accordingly at a very young age . 
  i do n't think that was ever patented . 
  yes !, 
  probably the italians to blame . 
  i think their perception of being on time is quite contrary to ours :d maybe they also think you 'll expect them to be late and try to accomodate you  where are you from ? 
  oh , well that did n't come to my mind to be honest . 
  probably because i 've been living in my current apartment for six years know and only cleaned my windows 3 times ... :d it 's an annoying task because the windows are hard to reach ( altbau and high ceilings/large windows ) and i 'm not very tall . 
  plus it 's really kind of useless because when you live in the city they will be dirty again in an hour . 
  i also have curtains , so i do n't see them from the inside anyway and , being on the top floor , nobody can judge me from the outside too . 
  maybe it 's only a rush hour thing . 
  or it 's just my bad luck . 
  probably the latter . 
  bah , the sticky hands are the worst !!!, 
  a supermarket with a sink sounds like heaven !, 
  unfortunately while we have a lot of supermarkets in the neighborhood , they are typical inner city markets - limited space and simply not enough room to put up a lot of machines for pawn redemption . 
  the nearest aldi has two , but the nearest rewe only has one squeezend into a corner right at the entrance , so everytime there are more than 2 people waiting in line they 're blocking the entrance and you feel the need to put in your bottles even faster so you do n't cause a disturbance . 
  and everytime the damn alarm goes off everybody at the registers and in the line stares at you and you have to wait akwardly in the front until someone shows up to put up a new bin . 
  i always get slightly envious when i visit my parents on the countryside and there are multiple pawn machines neatly set up in a seperate room and everything looks spacious and nice :d, 
  it does !, 
  i feel like a lazy slob . 
  try to pretend you had a party if you 're returning a lot of beer/soda . 
  that way people will not judge your lifestyle choices :d, 
  i do n't get it :(, 
  i 've had ` stilles ' water for years now , after growing up with carbonated water only , but i 've returned to the bubbles a while back . 
  i 've no idea what happened , but i just felt the overwhelming need to drink sparkly things . 
  weird . 
  weird . 
  the only time i 've had grolsch was in an irish pub . 
  i always assumed it was irish . 
  though it even sounds dutch now that i think about it . 
  i remember that from my only visit to paris a few years ago . 
  crossing a big street with no traffic lights in sign nearly drove us crazy . 
  it was like crossing the autobahn by feet . 
  i live by some small streets were there is very little car traffic , but a steady amount of pedestrians . 
  needless to say there are still traffic lights to prevent chaos  i really , really want to cross the streets sometimes because there 's just no traffic around , but we live in an area with a lot of families , so there are almost always kids around . 
  you simply can not cross the street then , because you 'll receive death stares from everyone and muttered curses that the kids will end up being criminals because you just taught them not to obbey the law . 
  so you just stand there akwardly at the empty road waiting for the lights to turn green , while you desperately want to keep walking but ca n't because of your moral standards . 
  well , they can stand on the right side then . 
  i would say , breslauer platz and dom/hbf . 
  partly because people who get out of the subway there either have a train to reach and are in a hurry , or the want to do a nice stroll around the dom and are n't in a rush at all . 
  that makes for some nice clashs of walking speed . 
  i 've never seen those , but i hope the fact that some have seen them around germany is a sign that the become more common . 
  ah yes !, 
  and s.t. 
  always forgot which was which , but then again i was never on time for uni anyway , so i guess it did n't really matter , 
  having cornflakes for dinner seems like a totally acceptable thing to do :d, 
  nah , it usually just gets you a blank stare or an annoyed huffing noise with some mumbled words like ` no need to rush ' or something like that . 
  plus you have to interupt your walking or at least slow down to avoid running into those people . 
  probably . 
  check if they 're still alive . 
  good . 
  i do . 
  but it gets quite annoying when you have to maneuver yourself around people muttering `` excuse me '' in the most annoyed voice possible just to have them stare at you with a blank stare like they do n't even know what you 're talking about . 
  plus it does interupt your walk flow . 
  until then everyone keeps assuming that everyone on the internet is male . 
  but maybe we should establish at least that part of the finish language around the internet . 
  sounds really efficient !, 
  just the way i like it !, 
  ah man , poor dude . 
  but i see how this might seem crazy to someone who is n't used to this at all . 
  like some crazy hoarder stuff . 
  there should be public lectures about this, 
  because i like to pretend that i 'm part of the cool kids on the internet , who think that capitalizing german words will sufficiently emphasize the terrifying sound of the german language . 
  ( which does n't sound terrifying at all if you ask me ) . 
  ah , i wish i remembered to mention recycling !, 
  serious business over there . 
  do n't let your neighbours catch you putting paper in the plastic bin or biodegradable trash into the regular bin . 
  well he got the bottle in the end , so i think he 'll remember you as quite a nice person . 
  unfortunately there are always some douchebags around at bigger events who make fun of the collectors by all kinds of disrespectful behaviour , but yours really did n't sound bad !, 
  yes !, 
  we just ... ca n't !, 
  wow . 
  you 're lucky the other customers did n't start to throw things at you :d that must have been a looot of bottles !, 
  unfortunately my record is only about 5 euro , mostly because i do all my shopping by feet , so it would be really akward and exhausting to drag that amount of bottles around  but even with two bags of bottles i feel silently judged by the people behind me in line for the machine :d, 
  that 's the nicest way somebody has ever described us . 
  thanks . 
  are those native germans ? 
  maybe they 've spend some time abroad and lost their german-ness . 
  i wish we had those in cologne . 
  it would make shaming these people so much easier . 
  i was really debating about that for a while :d t-shirt or light jacket ... went with the t-shirt , but i guess yours is adequat as well . 
  pahahaha :d well i 'm glad you 're enjoying our rule-following ways then :d, 
  i 'll need to move to that glorious place then . 
  i 'll try to make my way trough the standing people all the time , but it is rather annoying . 
  well , unfortunately people still leave a lot of litter around in the parks of cologne . 
  i 'll never understand what 's so hard about taking your trash to the trash can after you 're done , but you 're right , at least there no more bottles around . 
  does n't it ? 
  even more a reason to establish this !, 
  i 'll guess i have to print some signs myself . 
  no problem at all !, 
  hard to guess the gender by comments !, 
  oh yeah , forgot to mention that . 
  you 're right !, 
  tap water does n't come with bubbles !, 
  btw : i 'm female .
