  but make sure you leave them beside the trash so the homeless do n't have to dig through the trash !, 
  or even better , use a pfandring !, 
  oh well , i 'll just make sure that i tell them i know about the coffee rules but choose to be rebellious , 
  i guess that is enough to consider it a success then . 
  definitely worth it . 
  but no milk ? 
  i really need milk for the taste though :( plus espresso is just like ... one shot . 
  i need something bigger to sit around with and think about life for some time . 
  i 'll guess i will have to drink my coffee in shame and hiding then if i ever visit italy again . 
  yes , i 'll have to carry buckets of water upstairs and heat them on the stove if i want to take a bath . 
  / s speaking as someone who lives in cologne , tap water is really calcareous here which is n't really beneficial to the taste and i 'm not sure if it 's healthy in the long run . 
  i also live in a very old building ( there seems to be no sufficient translation for ` altbau ' ) and i 'm not sure about the state of the pipes . 
  plus i really , really do n't like the taste . 
  as i 'm drinking water 90 % of the time that 's kinda important to me , 
  well it works pretty well over here too . 
  after a bit of struggling at the beginning you would think it has been this way forever . 
  nearly everybody buys plastic bottles now and homeless people , older citizens and poorer people frequently roam the streets for bottles , so it did indeed have quite the same effect as in finland . 
  the thing is ... 
  it 's just not very effective for it 's original purpose , which is kind of sad , because it would be a lot better if everybody would just use glass bottles . 
  people obviosly know about the disadvantages of plastic bottles , but it 's just too convenient to use them . 
  not going to lie , i 'll rather buy light and cheap plastic bottles than drag a heavy crate of water all back to my apartment and up to the top floor . 
  but in a nice , obedient way , 
  ah well , i will ask a golem in a bus about that then , they seem to be common . 
  thanks for explaining the first part though , 
  so what types of coffee are suitable for the rest of the day ? 
  i usually drink cafe latt\u00e8 all day long , will i be deported for ordering one ? 
  i heard latte macchiato should only be ordered for breakfast , but thankfully i have moved on from that . 
  or is any kind of coffee that includes milk banned after 10 ? 
  all i want is an esspresso dopio with milk , is it okay to bribe the barista to get some after the respectable hours ? 
  i heard golems seem to have quite a different opinion about proper manners and such . 
  does the rule apply to non-golem czechs as well ? 
  i really wish somebody would put those ` stand right , walk left ' signs up in germany . 
  i freaking hate it when all those lazy bastards take up valueable space on the escalator . 
  especially if you have to catch a train/bus/whatever . 
  excuse me , but i 'm trying to power-walk here and your just standing there like this is a meditation space . 
  seriously , move bitch !, 
   i really wish we had that system over here . 
  no you do n't . 
  it 's probably the invention that backfired the most ever in germany . 
  originally invented so that people would stop buying disposable bottles and start buying returnable ones , it led to a whole country neatly stacking plastic bottles in their homes and making trips over trips to the supermarket to redeem their pawn . 
  which led to companies making huge investments to come up with combinable pawn-system , because they were obviously under the impression that everybody would just stop buying plastic bottles and instead return to the reusable ones which already had a perfectly working pawn-system set up . 
  but due to germans being absolutely in love with rules and following them no matter what that did n't work at all . 
  keep in mind that every company had originally come up with a seperat pawn-system , so that you could not return a store brand at a different chain . 
  and different kinds of bottles needed different types of pawn machines . 
  so if you happened to buy water from a store brand at aldi , then grabbed a coke at rewe and then bought a different drink that came in a different plastic bottle you had to take your bag of bottles and shamble around three different stores to claim 2 euros of pawn . 
  it took a reeeeally long time until we had a pawn-system where you could return everything everywhere . 
  oh , and also the use of plastic bottles has n't declined . 
  at all . 
  do not put your empty bottles in the trash can . 
  those need to be hoarded until you have enough to carry them to the supermarket to be recycled and pay for your next shopping trip with the pfand . 
  be on time . 
  we do n't have time for any corteous 15 minute delay . 
  do not ignore the traffic lights as a pedestrian . 
  especially not in front of kids . 
  wait properly at the sidewalk until the ampelm\u00c4nnchen turns green like any upstanding citizen . 
  do not talk about money . 
  never ask someone about their salary . 
  they will get extremly uncomfortable and you will not get a precise answer anyway . 
  accept that it 's either to cold or to hot , but rarely ` nice ' . 
  the only time the weather is ` quite nice ' is when you are comfortable wearing pants and a t-shirt outside . 
  any other temperatures have to be complained about . 
  do never wish somebody ` happy birthday ' before the actual date . 
  that 's bad luck and it will be your fault if their life goes downhill from that day on . 
  do not visit unanounced . 
  make a proper appointment for a kaffekr\u00c4nzchen like the adult you are . 
  i do not claim that germany is in any way more tolerating than italy . 
  we 've got our own fair share of protests going on no doubt . 
  i 've simply never read about a protest that adresses gay marriage explicitly with that many people . 
  i 've try to keep up with news through websites as diverse as possible , though only german ones , and therefore was n't aware of other protests in france or spain . 
  i admit that my original post could be easily misjugded , but i was simply astonished about the amount of people and by contrast to my understanding , that italy was accepting of lgbt issues in general , merely asking for confirmation/explanation . 
  i 'm glad i got a bit of an insight from u/quirite below and try to keep up with news all over europe a bit better from now on . 
  wow . 
  i think you got me wrong here friend . 
  i did n't mean to say that there were n't any large demonstrations anywhere , i simply stated that i personally have never been aware of one . 
  i also stated that i have n't done any research , but always had the impression that the majority of italians are open minded and tolerant . 
  therefore i asked if maybe the strong opinions about gay marriage where related to religion in any way . 
  you should maybe read my other comments below ( or maybe above ? ) . 
  i never meant to offend anyone , i 'm indeed very happy to hear that the majority of italians is comfortable with supporting gay rights and also stated that the situation seems to be similar to the german one when it comes to opponents . 
  thank you for explaining !, 
  i guess it 's similar to germany then when it comes to gay marriage opponents , they also refer to traditions a lot here . 
  is homosexuality in general something that is difficult in italy or just the idea of gay marriage ? 
  do you think that 's somehow religiously motivated ? 
  i 'm just curious , i always thought italy was quite open minded when it comes to lgbt issues although i do n't really have any information on that . 
  yeah , but i think that 's different . 
  i mean that 's like misjudging one person and misjudging a whole group of people . 
  i did n't know that italy was so opposed to gay marriage that so many people would step up to demonstrate against it ... i 've never seen such a large amount of people demonstrate against that . 
  i 'm quite shocked , but i guess it 's because italians are still very religious ? 
  i ca n't honestly think of any other explanation . 
  edit : this post was writen out of surprise about the large amount of people taking part in the protest . 
  i am well aware that there are protests all over the world regarding that topic . 
  i was just kind of shocked because i always envisioned italy as being more accepting towards all aspects of lgbt than most other countries , though i do not know exactly where i got that idea from . 
  i just did n't think there were a lot of people against gay marriage there , that 's all . 
  i 'm happy to learn that my initial idea was right and most italians are indeed very tolerant and accepting , just as i remember them . 
  i just brought up religion because that was the first thing coming to my mind like `` catholic church - pope - vatikan - rome - italy - gay marriage - blahblahblah '' . 
  i was n't assuming anything about catholics nor trying to say that italians are backwards or anything . 
  sorry to everyone who got offended about that . 
  i hope i 'm still welcome in italy as it 's my favorite european country . 
  :d well , i admit that sounds a bit strange . 
  but you know what i mean , 
  wow !,
