  but regarding sweden , if they get attacked and ca n't defend themselves because they opted for a weak military . 
  whether by choice or by not making service attractive enough . 
  who can say how reluctant their defence partners will be to come to their rescue ? 
  why should britain or germany or france have to send tens of thousands of their own to death , because sweden skimped on their military ? 
  some might even go as far as saying that they 're learning their lesson , and then stay out of the fighting . 
  but that 's unfair on the innocent civilian population . 
  the whole point in them having a strong military for their size is to ward off potential attackers . 
  make attacking sweden look like a pain , use the military as a deterrent , and if worse comes to , they have a decent army prepared . 
  and then when their allies come to their aid , they can work with swedish forces who know the terrain and enemy positions , because they might not all be dead . 
  damn . 
  i 'd like to believe it but i just ca n't adopt that line of thought . 
  people probably said the same thing after ww1 , and then an even worse and more destructive war followed 25 years later . 
  although with nuclear weapons and weaponry in the state it is , an apocalyptic world war scale thing might not happen in the future . 
  but really , you can never know . 
  it 's still a beast compared to any individual european country . 
  the uk and france ( individually ) could probably stave them off for a year ( being generous ) before the landings and ground invasions start taking hold . 
   the situation in ukraine just made swedes realize that conventional warfare is still a possibility is conventional warfare non-existent now or something ? 
  or were you just saying conventional warfare in/involving sweden ? 
  if it 's the latter then i see what you mean . 
  agreed , because if they do n't it 's other ~ ~ nato ~ ~ countries that have to send thousands of their own soldiers to the death because one decided to skimp out on their military . 
  edit : wait , sweden are n't even in nato . 
  fuck , that 's even worse . 
  you do n't need religion , though . 
  countries do n't depend on religion for defence . 
  but their military is n't strong enough , that 's the point . 
  you ca n't afford to skimp out on a good military if you have hostile countries right next to you ( russia ) . 
  the point is that the swedish government feels they need conscription to meet their military needs . 
  i think they should make voluntary service more attractive myself , but otherwise it 's something they have no choice but to do . 
  william wallace was a scot but robert the brush was definitely english . 
  i think people are trying to say nicholas tessel . 
  so it 's our job to take in primarily low educated immigrants of a different culture/upbringing because ? 
  what 's wrong with having our own kids , bringing them up with our great education system , teaching them our morals of equality/justice and keeping the population stable via those means ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i have nothing against immigration , but what you 're talking about is replacement , and i personally do n't think it works well with such massive cultural clashes that we have in today 's world . 
  you want immigration in addition to a healthy population , to bring new skills and cultures in and assimilate them slowly . 
  not to replace the old group of people with a new group . 
  god i hate this argument so much . 
  i do n't agree with op here , i 'm purely going to comment on your sentiment . 
  overpopulation is primarily in asia/africa . 
  most of europe has aging/declining population numbers . 
  there are different figures for different countries/regions . 
  a european couple not having kids is literally going to have no impact on overpopulation , when proportionally there are many times more couples in different regions of the world having many more kids . 
  it 's ok if you do n't want to have kids , it 's your choice and your right . 
  but overpopulation really is n't a great reason , because europe 's population presently , and its growth , are not doing well . 
  it 's actually about 3 % i believe . 
  8 % would be insanely high . 
  you 're acting like it ca n't be both of those things . 
  we joined the wars to stunt german aggression * and * help our allies . 
  but to be honest , i do n't think any country has sent men to war just to help out a friend . 
  there has always been a political motive , whether it be land , reducing the power of your enemy , buffing your alliances or some other reason . 
  no but they oppressed the english 1000 years ago . 
  i demand swedes be barred from england , as they are our oppressors and they should n't be allowed in the lands of their oppressed !, 
   sweden has entered the thread, 
  i do n't think it 's fair to call it `` academia '' . 
  these people are n't learning or discovering anything . 
  they 're not supporting the preservation or gain of knowledge.it 's not like they 're a bunch of scholars and scientists rallying together . 
  in the middle of the atlantic . 
  how is the image saying europe wrong ? 
  looks like europe to me , unless we 're assuming europe is on mars now or something . 
  for what reason , on a post about a religious holiday ? 
  clearly you are going to provoke controversy . 
  stop making atheists look bad , please . 
  no russia means no ussr to fight the nazis in the east . 
  assuming history stays the same except russia disappears off the map . 
  i 'm half joking , obviously it 's a weird alternative universe to imagine . 
  yeah nazi europe seems like it would be real beautiful . 
  http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2005/02/0218_050218_human_diet.html this source says 2.5 million years ago , and that 's just dates on tools used to butcher meat . 
  so it 's likely that we ate meat long before that and only began to use tools to butcher said meat , when our intelligence had evolved further to do so . 
  i 've seen sources claim that early hominins going into the savannah gained higher intelligence through hunting and eating meat . 
  those that did were more creative and intelligent as they adapted their diet to find new sources of food so they would n't die , while the ones that stuck to foraging and could n't get the kind of bounty they were used to in the jungle starved and died off . 
  so well before erectus , heidelbergensis , ergaster and sapiens had evolved at the very least . 
  did n't it say it was 60 degrees c on the video ? 
  it 's still fucked up as hell , but i 'm pretty sure it said 60 degrees . 
  / r/natureismetal hint : most animals are definitely not dead before being torn to shreds by predators . 
  apart from africans often did n't die by being eaten alive 300 years ago . 
  the difference her is that humans are capable of higher though . 
  thinking about the future extensively , planning , feeling excited about the next day etc. 
  cattle and swine are mostly `` thinking '' about the next meal or the next fuck . 
  you really think people are unaware of that ? 
  pretty sure everyone is fully aware of where meat comes from and how it gets to the grill behind the counter at mcdonald 's . 
  i 'm pretty sure chimps are considered to be omnivores . 
  especially if you 're a human . 
  we started eating meat just before we evolved into homo erectus . 
   we have the same problem in poland , people who barely graduated high school go to universities ( they 're free and we got plenty of them ) , get diplomas and then leave the country to be a waiter / cleaner in uk . 
  i know like 30 of these people in my workplace . 
  thanks for the first link !, 
  as for the second , never heard of this `` sabaton '' thing . 
  sounds like some kind of satanic group , not sure the papacy would approve . 
  kind of . 
  we have different bbc channels for different areas of the country , like bbc look north for north midlands/north england , although it mainly caters to yorkshire and the surrounding counties . 
  they tend to be hosted and presented by people speaking `` proper '' midlands or northern dialects , so no slang or owt ( heh ) , but pronunciation of words like cast ( eg weather forecast ) are straight with no or little southern input . 
  but yeah it used to be `` bbc english '' i think before they went more regional . 
  fyi i have no problem with southern dialects or anything , it 's just that i think they 're over-represented in media and people take it as the `` english accent '' when a northerner and a southerner can sound as different as a southerner and a welsh person . 
  or replacing `` th '' words with `` z '' . 
  `` zis is vat vi hav been zere for '' for `` this is what we have been there for '' . 
  would n't it actually just be replaced by `` d '' according to the general `` d/th/t '' rule of germanic languages like how thanks is `` danke '' in german and `` tack '' in swedish ? 
  so more like `` dis is vat vi hav been dere for '' or something ? 
  our country 's english accent in the media is default to `` received pronunciation '' or `` london/home counties accent '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of the country does n't sound like that . 
  for example most english people will pronounce `` bath '' like `` bath '' instead of `` bahth '' or say `` cast '' instead of `` cahst '' . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/newsbeat/article/33055518/accents-which-came-first-bath-or-barth ) article , if you went back 300 years , you would struggle to find someone who pronounced `` laugh '' as `` larf '' ( lahf ) .
