turkey is eurasian , but so are germany and south korea . 
  i was using exaggeration . 
  and i 'm pretty sure most turks are descended from middle eastern/early caucus ancestors . 
  as for the language , vocabulary does n't make it a european language . 
  english is still a germanic language despite having more latin/french * vocab * , because core vocab and pronunciation are much more important in speech . 
  english was a language * before * latinate influence . 
  much the same as turkish common turkic/oghuz before european influence , making it very much a [ turkic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkic_languages#/media/file:lenguas_t%c3%barquicas.png ) language , which were originated in the middle of asia . 
  i do n't see what is so bad/offensive about saying that i do n't think turkey is european . 
  are europeans `` better '' than middle easterners or something , and you think i 'm selling you down the river ? 
  what is it ? 
  it 's just land/culture/language / ethnicity , embrace it and work with it . 
  even [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkey ) says it 's a `` transcontinental country in eurasia , mainly on the anatolian peninsula in western asia , with a smaller portion on the balkan peninsula in southeast europe . '', 
  nothing wrong with it , do n't see why everybody is flying off the handle . 
  i mean , people here are just trying to force tectonic plates to move in a certain way and to rescript thousands of years of migration , cultural and linguistic development for the sake of ... what ? 
  what is so bad about simply stating that turkey is past the traditional europe/me ( west asia ) border of the bosporus strait , and is thus not conventionally a european country ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there are common notions as to which continents are which . 
  type `` continents '' into google , go to google images , then notice that most maps depict the same pattern of continents . 
  there is a clear notion . 
  i have only ever seen turkey considered a european country in this sub and a few other niche places . 
  if you held a europe-wide vote i guarantee the majority would say that it is n't in europe . 
  `` oh wow it 's listed in the countries on the / r/europe subreddit !, 
  back up your bags , geographers , the mods have spoken ! '', 
  it 's a cool picture , but i agree with the guy above . 
  turkey is not a european country . 
  * britain and france negligently allow it to happen * shall we organise this union in munich ? 
  frank castle ( the punisher ) . 
  both lost their loved ones and sought vengeance , both are badasses . 
  i think i smell it too . 
  but they leave the men alive who are more likely to fight back , and just had their wife/girlfriend killed . 
  * huscarlic screeching *, 
  true , but the biggest population in europe still . 
  realistically , with such a massive workforce , so many resources and being a developed country , it could be doing better economically than any other european country . 
   multinational russian federation pretty sure russia has like 80 % ethnic russians alone . 
  pretty sure it was a fair amount stronger . 
  also remember that russia was the second most powerful economy in the world , below the us , before the ussr collapsed . 
  since then , the country has been a shitcake . 
  not saying the ussr was n't also a shitcake , but it was a wealthier shitcake . 
  massive landmass , massive population , metric shit ton of resources , good amount of infrastructure considering its size , good industrial base . 
  if russia was run properly and not sanctioned to fuckery , it could be a richer country than germany/japan . 
  but the russian government keeps being stupid , sending money to corrupt officials rather than re-investing it in the country and the people . 
  that 's because they main capitalist economic policies but socialist public/social policies . 
  it seems to be the best combination right now . 
  most of us in britain were expecting an islamic terror attack , lets not kid ourselves . 
  nothing against the wider muslim community , there are many great muslim communities here . 
  but if there 's a terrorist attack , most people will default to the assumption that it was islamic . 
  do n't know why so many other europeans are in denial , or will outright want you banned for saying so . 
  offa 's dyke 2 : scotland fuck-a-you, 
  for taking the risk of potentially being put in a nazi death camp . 
  sandwiched between the us and china , those two seem to be the countries we 're trying to negotiate with the most right now . 
  `` praising '' is definitely definitely not the right word . 
  from my interpretations it seems there 's a medium in which people are n't willing to call it absolutely evil or absolutely good , but a shade of both . 
  i 'm not justifying it , but competition in europe was fierce at the time . 
  it was grow or be absorbed by the neighboring empire . 
  it was a colonial competition for resources primarily between france and britain with other major players such as spain/castille and the ottomans . 
  they were all trying to stay one step ahead of each other in order to not end up getting added to the conquest . 
  the old equivalent of a nuclear deterrent . 
  `` well we have all this land and all these resources , so attacking us would be borderline suicide for your empire '' . 
  it 's not right , i ca n't justify it , but it was the world at the time and you certainly ca n't single out the british when so many other european nations were doing it , as well as certain asian ones and many middle eastern nations , too . 
  honestly i think our primary/secondary school history classes are lacking in a lot of things . 
  it 's tudors . 
  tudors and more tudors . 
  barely learn about anglo-saxon england , did n't even know who alfred the great was until i started taking a personal interest in history . 
  we learned about hastings and that was it . 
  barely touched the war of the roses , did a bit about the english civil war , did n't touch the napoleonic wars once . 
  there are many gaps . 
  but hey , at least i can name henry viii 's six wives !, 
  i agree , but i feel like it 's a different kind of pride and guilt . 
  i mentioned similar thoughts in a comment above . 
  i feel guilty * of * my ancestors for the atrocities of the british empire , but i also feel pride in what they achieved and what it has led to in britain today . 
  i 'm not taking on personal pride and guilt , i wo n't apologise for their actions and i also wo n't take responsibility for the positive outcomes . 
  i 'm proud that we were able to achieve so much from such a small island nation , and that the lessons learned and growth achieved from the actions have led to the society that raised me today . 
  it 's hereditary pride , not personal pride . 
  the same as i 'm remorseful of the wrong we committed , but not going to personally feel guilty about . 
  but unfortunately many people today , even if they are fringe groups , expect some level of * personal * guilt and reparation for the wrongs the british empire committed . 
  that 's like me taking on personal pride for positive aspects of the british empire and putting `` british empire '' on my cv when applying for a job . 
  as i mentioned in another comment , my thinking is that pride can take different forms in regards to subtlety and meaning , and so can guilt . 
  i agree with you , but i feel that it 's not necessarily personal pride , but pride in your heritage or part of your history . 
  they are a different kind of pride . 
  being proud of something that contributed to the country that raised you becoming what it is today , is not taking on personal responsibility for those acts . 
  it 's not pride in the traditional sense , but a prideful acknowledgment of some of the achievements of your ancestors . 
  it 's like if the germans were proud of say , fritz haber . 
  it 's not that they 're accepting responsibility for what he did , but that they were raised in the same kind of country/environment that allowed him to make his scientific achievements . 
  and so it 's pride in the fact that such an atmosphere still exists today and allows them to do similar things , thanks to the contributions their ancestors made to the growth and development of their country 's science and industry . 
  just my two pence , it 's hard to put into words , but i personally feel like pride can take different forms in regards to subtlety and meaning . 
   / r/anglophobiacirclejerk if denmark left , we would be complete . 
  there 's a pretty big `` with us or against us '' sentiment here in regards to the eu . 
  even though i 'm pretty sure that 's fundamentally against what the eu stands for . 
  there 's a lot of `` britain left us , which means they must hate us , so we hate them , too '' . 
  granted , it 's not among the whole sub , there are two sides to everything and a lot of people understand the decision the brits made on brexit . 
  i voted remain , along with 49 % of other voters . 
  i 'm unhappy about the result , too . 
  but i do n't hate the people that voted leave because they had their reasons for doing so just as i had my reasons for voting remain . 
  people like to immediately assume leavers voted so because of xenophobia . 
  i work in industrial work , and like 99 % of my coworkers voted leave . 
  and i can tell you that the reasons that come up the most are to do with britain having to take part in eu laws and regulations . 
  or being told by a council of other countries things we can and ca n't do , funds going abroad etc. 
  not that i agree , but i 'm just saying that those are the most frequent reasons put forth for voting leave by people i know . 
  but the assumption of leavers voting out of xenophobia leads people to think that 's the way the majority of britons think , and thus takes them to negative lines of thought about brits . 
  brb about to lash myself out of guilt . 
  i agree completely .
