  it 's pretty much the london dialect but it 's all you hear of english people on popular tv or movies . 
  kind of frustrating because in reality it represents a minority of the country 's accent , and then when foreign people hear people from the midlands , north , southwest etc speak they think you sound `` weird '' . 
  also when people say `` british accent '' . 
  rarely , but once i had a chinook fly almost tree level above my head at the local field , hover there for about 2 minutes , then leave . 
  they are * loud as fuck * and all the trees/grass in the vicinity were thrashing around like plants had learned how to take coke . 
  other than that , it 's pretty rare to see armoured vehicles etc on the roads . 
  but you can easily go to military air/ground shows and see what they have on offer at certain times of the year . 
  they are amazing , especially when they pull the ww2 stuff out and do re-enactments . 
  right . 
  full english . 
  wow . 
  that seems crazy to me . 
  over here , every major/minor chain supermarket sells all types of alcohol of any % . 
  and then there 's off-license and corner shops . 
  so you are not syrian . 
  you seem ridiculously well informed about reddit , the west 's social issues and even us specific cases like brock turner to be from a poverty stricken country riddled by civil war . 
  and your account is a throwaway . 
  op , are you * actually * syrian ? 
  because it 's kind of insulting if you 're just using that fact as token . 
  i had an uncle called robert , so this phrase was confusing to me in my younger years . 
  vast majority of the country is past the bosporus strait . 
  they seem a lot more middle eastern to me . 
  ethnically , linguistically and culturally . 
  swiss alps . 
  it 's now just the common norm when discussing conservative/liberal views to go * immediately * to race/sex now , unfortunately . 
  like the entirety of the left/right are defined by views on race/sex ( which they may or may not hold ) now , i feel , rather than the * many * other political factors involved in what separates them . 
  this is n't to say that they are n't important issues , but there 's a general trend of conservative = `` more racist/sexist '' and liberal = `` less racist/sexist '' , when , in my experience , unless you 're on the extreme side of either , both have very much the same views on those two matters nowadays . 
  it 's the other social , political and economic views that actually separates them . 
  i 'd say it 's the opposite . 
   mom wot the fuck is that m8 !, 
  not at all . 
  and of course same here , did n't want to seem confrontational . 
  i prefer it when people go straight to the point and quote their experiences/sources , so i try and do that myself as well . 
  yeah that 's it . 
  different upbringings , education and background . 
  good day fellow brit . 
  yeah it 's fucked to refer to bits in general as the english , * however * , surely you can understand why . 
  the english account for the language , ~ 85 % of the population and ~ 80 % of the economic capacity . 
  this is n't an insult towards the other british nations of course , but england is undeniably the heart of the united kingdom . 
  you should never refer to someone that 's , lets say , scottish , as english . 
  but i can see * why * people sometimes refer to people from the uk as `` english '' , as wrong as that may be . 
  i have to disagree with your second point , though . 
  i have never referred to the netherlands as holland and most people i know do n't either . 
  i feel like the older generation might , but most of the younger generation certainly say that it 's `` the netherlands '' from my experience . 
   uk - england : never , and some would be quite annoyed if you did are you a non-english brit ? 
  most people i 've met refer to us ( english ) by country ( england ) , rather than the union . 
  it 's not an insult to the union , just many midlanders identify with england as a country more than they do with the union , in my experience . 
  not anything against our irish/scots/welsh brethren , it 's a matter of where you 've been and who you 're in proximity to i think . 
  that is the reason they act the way they do , too . 
  when someone constantly runs a crusade to have you portrayed as the bad guy , it 's hard to do anything without appearing as such . 
  they have a more conventional/conservative way of doing things compared to the likes of western/northern europe . 
  i say appeal to their way of doing things and extend a hand rather than constantly ostracising them . 
  we were allies 70 years ago for fuck 's sake . 
  they have of course done some awful shit in recent years ( crimea ) , but from their perspective you have to see the `` why not '' chain of thought . 
  `` i 'm going to be seen as evil to the west no matter what i do , why not get something out of it ? '', 
  it 's a distasteful ideology but you have to see the logic behind it . 
  more like english as it is today but replace french derived words with norse derived ones . 
  you would have had england for the span of a few days , and then william the conqueror would have come over from france while your army was still broken from the previous battle , and taken england for himself . 
  basically the same as what happened to harold godwinson . 
  the only way for the norse to have taken control would be if the normans had invaded first . 
  the anglo-saxons would have crushed them ( as they almost did at hastings ) , and then the fully refreshed norse army would have beaten a broken english one . 
  we still have a huge relationship with the us as a country and a people . 
  we have almost no connect with china . 
  people may have their differences with trump or may , but british and american people get along and that 's mainly what counts . 
  it has to be australia/new zealand , or certain other former colonies ( eg canada ) . 
  gave us a lot of technology and culture , paved the way for the biggest event in english history by creating a power vacuum in england/britain . 
  do n't like the guy . 
  i think it was trending once so i checked it out , not really my kind of politics . 
  and you , sir , are making a fool of yourself . 
  1 ) i 'm not going to comment on my personal political beliefs because it 's irrelevant to the argument at hand , and you 're trying to use some kind of perceived political superiority over me to win the argument for you ( probably because you know you 're wrong ) . 
  2 ) i 'm not italian ( as my flair indicates ) . 
  it 's just a common and obvious fact that italy was the centerpoint of the roman empire , and essentially defined its existence . 
  3 ) why is nationalism a modern day problem ? 
  most people are varying degrees of nationalist , there 's a spectrum . 
  there 's the `` countries should n't exist '' anti-nationalist ( you ) and then there 's the `` my country is and always will be the best country , fuck everyone else '' ultra-nationalist . 
  and there 's a huuuuge array of beliefs in the moderate side . 
  your opinion ( that is n't backed up by facts ) is that nationalism is a `` problem '' . 
  my opinion is that it has ugly sides if taken to the extreme , but it can be a positive thing if it 's moderate and inclusive . 
  me being proud to be british because i think we have a great education , healthcare and cultural standing does n't mean i think britain is the best country in the world . 
  it just means that i like my country and i 'm happy to live here and contribute to the improvement of it . 
  i 'm happy to let foreign born people come here and contribute as well , to take part in our culture and system , because the society and foundations we 've built allow that . 
  if that makes me a bad person then i 'd like you to explain why . 
  lol what kind of deflection is that ? 
  and what , there 's no distinction between european countries now ? 
  italy * is * distinct from other european countries , the same as poland or france or latvia are distinct from any other country . 
  that 's why they 're countries . 
  also , you ask me if i 'm a nationalist as if it 's some kind of awful thing to be , when there 's objectively no negative traits attached to being a nationalist by definition . 
  that 's not to say that i am a nationalist , but it 's pretty bigoted to ask that question at the end to try and force me to agree with your point so i do n't attach myself to a `` negative '' political position . 
  i might as well just end my statement with : `` are you a nazi ? '', 
  even though your argument ( like mine ) gave no inclination of that whatsoever . 
  the italian peninsula was defined as italy , and it was confined by the alps and the mediterranean . 
  this was recognised by rome and is thus why the language , culture and ethnic make-up remained thoroughly latin in what is now modern italy . 
  that 's why italy has its own culture and language , yet even close/bordering former roman states did/do not also have that language and culture , as they were not part of the `` core '' states . 
  apart from in the us you can just drive across the border without having to potentially change currency , adapt to new cultural norms , drive on a different side of the road and most importantly learn a new language . 
  sure , the distance from england to france might be short , but i do n't have any euros and i do n't speak french . 
  closest i 've gotten is an air rifle , although i 'd love to try and shoot a gun some day at a range or something . 
  seems like an engaging , exciting and unique opportunity . 
  if i know them and am friends with them , no problem at all . 
  i welcome the banter/affection . 
  if they 're a stranger that 's not an innocent old lady or something then they can get fucked with their wandering hands .
