read gib and looked up if it was a new slang word i havent heard about \u00dc, 
  thank you . 
  obviously i missed some of the types , there are many reasons but none of the reasons is ` the gouvernment isnt doing enough ' ( it could be but only in an actual * perfect * world does the gov have enough money to not only put everyone through but also make them live on a decent wage ), 
  dude in germany nobody has to suffer i tell you its hard to believe i know but everyone gets their share . 
  people on the street often had an apartment or whatever to live in , couldnt pay any more then got a letter by the minsitery ( is that the word ? 
  department ? ), 
  of social matters who are offering help . 
  they simply choose to ignore or dont care or are to lazy or to ashamed . 
  there are several reasons . 
  maybe you find it hard to believe but homeless people in germany are homless bc they choose to not being able to pay the bills . . well thats a problem not only people with lower income have and everyone here gets a roof to sleep under and everyone gets money he can spend on food . 
  i have a brother whos studying now and i know that he has less money per month than some people who get * hartz 4 * ( german unemployment * insurance * ) just for instance, 
  i agree with the quality of jobs !!, 
  interestingly enough here in munich ( despite not being too representative for germany ) there are great open positions at big companies . . you want to know why many people have not so high quality jobs ? 
  because its definitely not only a problem of lacking equality . 
  the first problem we have is the lack of interest in stem-subjects . 
  companies in germany are searching for people in it and technology , less for people who advise or calculate ( obviously these disciplins are never going to die but nonetheless ) theres too many people today that dont want to go into industry/study any kind of engineering in germany and thats what causes high quality positions to stay open while others are being overrun because lots of people are into counselling or similair today . 
  i know im looking at this from a completely differen perspective but i think politics should start solving the problem ( like you said ) by offering advanced training in fields that arent that popular over here instead of always trying to make lower wage jobs more attractive, 
  good point to say that poverty changes from country to country bc its claimed that germany has 12 mio people in * poverty * which is definitely misleading becaus in germany * nobody * ( literally ) * has * to suffer from not having enough to live . 
  these 12 mio are the lowest 10-15 % in income , most of them are still way above the european * poverty * - term, 
  you can be 98 % sure that they will at least get their 5 % solely for the reason that they can mobilizr every of their internet warriors and pegida-kiddies . 
  the other 2 % are everone who is pro eu making a new friend who is pro afd and persuade them to not vote afd . 
  oh yeah im sorry i was referring to germany i dont know that much about dutch politics since ive only just recently started reading about it !, 
  thats definitely true , but the thing is that the ` green ' parties arent the only ones to care about the environment any more . 
  every party basically has them in their program nowadays . 
  also im not right either , i vote fdp in germany . 
  there are many problems with raising taxes for higher incomes though , the problem in europe are big companies who barely pay taxes * at all * and also companies like snap inc. who make money out of literally nothing . 
  its not ultimately true that very littele gets achieved in these areas but you wan na know who bring in changes in environmental usage ? 
  because its not the politics per se but the companies who do research and developing engineering to bring on innvation . 
  the reason why i wouldnt vote for green or far left is that they are the ones who block the innovation i want to bring on with my company . 
  i want economical freedom so i can actually help making the world were living in beautiful and valuable . 
  interesting actuall were not to far from each other bit id never vote left ... 
  probably we have different strategys to get to these targets, 
  why did you want a left coalition ? 
  meh . . d66 and cda are pretty much centre based and vvd isnt to far right either they are pretty rational . . so you could compare them to the republicans but only the ones from 1980 or smth , not that shit going on today . 
  great impersonation !, 
  wahaha for real what the fuck is this shit ? 
  deluded people ... 
  i loved itg especially after people on here predicted exactly that to happen ... 
  short best of from / r/the _ donald megathread  go vvd ( edited his comment after someone told him ` we dont like the vvd ' )  while i would have liked wilders to win , is vvd that bad ? 
  people there have no fucking clue of european politics once again  i 'm not sure how this all works . . but do n't listen to the exit polls !, 
  ok guy who doesnt know how it works  im just wishing the dutch were too scared to even tell the truth at exit polls . 
   we wo n't know for sure who the winner is until all the votes are ignored and merkel tells us . 
  eh kay ...  if le pen loses , france falls into civil war . 
  i didnt know that though nice to know ...  heres a summary ; all white are racist . 
  submit to islam . 
  someone explaining the vvd 's program, 
  i could imagine that shit form these imbeciles, 
  its in the post  but op is a badass and updates everything so you can follow this thread as well, 
  thank you, 
  actually you could say that left people become more left nowadays and the people who voted for slight socialism now vote stronger for socialism so i wouldnt say so ... 
  i think its really dependent on the state of the media itself tbh . . 
  in most countries in the eu its not like in the us where almost every kind of media is ridiculously biased, 
  opkomst is a great word btw this is the exit poll , when will there be official results ? 
  compared to the previous one most likely more right but actually theyd get more to the centre !, 
  me too though although at least in bavaria where i listen to radio every day they were pretty realistic about him being a lowball ... 
  really ? 
  i dont know much about them but ` all the gains ' is exaggerated . 
  d66 and cda are definitely not further left where as groen links is ( here you are right ) i think its pretty well distributed between liberal-centre-to-right and left, 
  i do in fact feel kinda good here right now . 
  actually im quite likely not `` left '' but i am also not retarded so i agree with / u/crustedlamb, 
  have you ever been to germany though ? 
  i dont want to sound aloof but this wouldnt have happened in munich for example . 
  hamburg was a bad choice in the first place ... 
  these people are a disgrace whoever they are . 
  literally fucking peoples lifes over burning their stuff down . 
  holy fuck i am so mad right now . 
  her face says ` nailed it ', 
  i expected an australian flag on austria tbh . 
  i mean everytime i mention to be german on a sub on reddit there are nazi jokes , i guess were actually the nation most used to it ... 
  im reading hung parliament and as someone not native im wondering why were talking about how big the parliaments cock is ... 
  thats definitely not true about her but nonetheless its good not to have her as a european . 
  not to be a gobshite but you actually need an absolute majority in france ( unless it means smth different in swedish than in german ), 
  guys get your pickaxes , r/the _ donald is a fucking mine right now, 
  but you tried before, 
  hahaha i literally just wanted to copy this from the thread instant meta copypasta, 
  not to worried tbh . 
  the afd got barely over 5 % in schleswig holstein today , theyve been declining over the last few local elections, 
  my favourite from r/the _ donald :  who are * we * rooting for a classic, 
  even if they were right , with that result trump wouldnt have won in any given european country . 
  like we have actual elections with actual absolute majorities needed . 
  but yeah , obviously they will twist everything they can, 
  i always think its fucking funny when they compare trump to any european election  yeeh everyone said trump would lose but then he didnt yeah due to your fucking retarded election system, 
  yeah wanted to write tongue obviously i know that its the same language sorry for that faux pas . 
  well there are many dialects . 
  tirol/wien/vorarlberg / burgenland are all really easily distinguishable k\u00e4rnten for most parts but its more similair to fr\u00e4nkisch than the boarisch from ober/niederbayern . 
  obviously most people wont be able to distinguish them without any other knowledge tho . 
  bavaria and austria do have some similarities like trachtn , mountains and language ( accents ) but in general i wouldnt really say that they are throughout similiar . 
  i mean its not a secret that most people over here are in for the union so its not a surprise that we will confront him sceptically . 
  still it will go down way more civilized than if angela merkel made an ama on / r/the _ donald, 
  watch out with saying smth like that !, 
  yeah where is this coming from ? 
  / r/lecutinsideman definitely our best right winger in germany . 
  from lucke who was well . . kinda rational although a dickhead already to frau kepetry who really isnt a likeable person , bar the party she supports , the afd just makes it a bit worse to gauland and weidel ... well ist kinda good , gauland is really hated over here ( not by far rights obviously but id say we dont have many real far rights in germany ) i dont know much about weidels politics , her trivia looks good but it seems like shes just using the same reatarded catchphrases for votes as the whole afd does . 
  i think youre the kind of person id like to have a talk about politics with . 
  i know sometimes we dont get our own political will but thats what democracy is about and we have to get the best of it . 
  obviously / r/the _ donald is going to use a source ( the only one ) that favours their views . . considering trump didnt win the popular vote they likely believe that 26 % makes lp president of europe now, 
  apart from that technological innovation , the ability to eat and conserve everything you want , have nice colours , save people with medicine is a nice side effect of having buisnees as well . 
  people dont see what ` buisness ' or better industry has done good they only see the stock market and shady exchange buisness and really think having industry is bad ... 
  and i as well as most people on here can only be grateful about that ... 
  okay and whys that ?
