  if you think , that sounds bad take a look at this : [ pizza with pickled cucumber , mashed potatoes and sauce hollandaise ] ( https://www.lieferheld.de/lieferservices-gelsenkirchen/restaurant-lorenzo-gelsenkirchen/2093/ ) ( named ddr i by this delivery service ) . 
  you should also mention , that this atrocity was # 1 in the charts . 
  and that we do n't care that we `` lost '' two world wars , because , let 's face it , everyone was a winner when the nazis lost . 
  you can speak in simple concise sentences and still make sure that everyone understands what you mean . 
  you do n't even need to use any loanwords or technical terms to explain something . 
  trump , in contrast , does n't even finish a thought , contradicts himself in the same sentence , and does n't even seem to understand basic grammar . 
  edit : and if there is at least one requirement to be a president , then it is that you should be able to express yourself in a clear manner . 
  that 's ** because ** he is a buffoon . 
  a high iq says nothing about how capable someone is at a job . 
  edit : and if he actually has a `` very high '' iq , then he should be capable to speak in clear concise sentences . 
   it 's tradition not stupidity . 
  if you vote an incompetent idiot into office , then yes it is . 
  g. w. bush may have been not the sharpest tool , but at least he had a background in politics and knew something about policy and selected mostly competent advisors . 
  still ca n't believe that this incompetent , racist , misogynistic , uneducated idiot was elected . 
   it looks to me as if the laws are enforced more nowadays - when i was a teenager , all three age limits were most certainly broken , regularly and with impunity . 
  the strict enforcement began 2007 iirc , when flatrate-partys were banned . 
  the only thing i hear of my neighbors is the washing machine of the one above me . 
  but even then it 's only a very , very low volume rumbling noise . 
  huh . 
  i 've never seen an army surplus store where guns are sold . 
  the gun stores i know only sell guns , knives and associated equipment . 
  but how many turn their tv on for this show ? 
  most viewers most likely watched the news and/or are waiting for the next show . 
   obama did the same thing to iraq in 2011 . 
  no , he did not . 
  he blocked all applications for asylum . 
  you could still enter the us with a visa or a green card . 
   shakira law hips be upon her . 
  it has been the symbol for bakers in southern germany since at least the 12th century . 
   simply raise the birthrate of native europeans ? 
  hmm . 
  i think we have a [ plan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lebensborn ) for that somewhere in a drawer ... 
  but in all seriousness how are you even going to enforce that ? 
  cash . 
  except for expensive stuff (  200 $ ) or when my cash runs out ( i only carry ~ 75 $ with me , unless i know that i need more ) , then i use my debit card . 
  regarding wwii : that 's because no one is sad that we lost the war . 
  who in their right mind would be okay with the nazis winning ? 
   afd ( right-winged eurosceptics , party was too young to really participate in the last election ) . 
  they were on the ballot in 2013 and got 4.7 % . 
  i refuse to pay at least $ 105 for a single game ( group matches , cat 3 ) . 
  and you have to remember that you need a visa and that the traveling itself costs a lot of money . 
  teachers were called `` mr. xy '' . 
  all professors i had did n't care if you called them `` professor xy '' or `` mr. xy '' . 
  we were asked , by each teacher , what our preference was . 
  we decided on `` du '' . 
  only one teacher insisted on `` sie '' . 
  as / u / __ what_the_fuck __ wrote , it contains an rfid chip , but most people do n't use it or even have the functionality disabled . 
  they wo n't hate you , but you can expect a lot of jokes , sarcastic remarks and questions about trump and this election . 
  you 'll most likely avoid those , if you claim to be canadian . 
   do n't leave for four years . 
  make that eight . 
  just to be sure . 
  the german punk band wizo released a t-shirt depicting a [ crucified pig ] ( http://www.anstageslicht.de/fileadmin/user_upload/geschichten/drei_religionen/wizo_500px.jpg ) in 1998 . 
  they lost the case in court and had to stop the sale of the t-shirt and censor the picture in a booklet . 
  but actual court cases are really rare . 
  i usually tip waiters and delivery boys/girls . 
  they do n't need it , but it only costs me 1 or 2 eur in most cases , and wo n't hurt me financially , but helps them . 
  i also regularly ( 3-4 times a week ) visit a sandwich shop near my workplace , which got a tip jar . 
  i usually tip with coins of my change which are smaller than 20 cent . 
  the reason i dislike the tipping culture in the us is n't the fact that you are expected to tip , but rather that the employees need those tips to survive . 
  the fact that those cars are n't banned in all states speaks for itself ... 
  those soldiers are stationed on us bases . 
  what he means is a base under foreign flag on us soil . 
  like e.g. 
  ramstein in germany . 
  you usually can use your ticket with a later train , if you miss your connection because of delays ( although you obviously loose your reserved seating ) . 
  just ask one of the conductors . 
   while i can get by with french , i certainly know no german , german conductors usually speak at least enough english to help you with your problems . 
   and have never been to these train stations before so no idea if they are complicated in layout . 
  most train stations have a simple layout , or at least got enough signs to make navigation pretty easy . 
  we all listen to rammstein and/or kraftwerk . 
  why do you want to join the military of a country , to which you have no connections ? 
   weirdly enough , all the british exchange students told me we germans stare a lot . 
  that 's because we hold eye-contact a fraction of a second longer than in some other countries . 
  this small amount of time is enough to give the impression that we stare . 
  native : german fluent : english basics : dutch , spanish there is no place i would n't go to because of insufficient language skill . 
  there is a reason why phrase books exist . 
  additionally you can always try to communicate with your hand and feet . 
  it certainly gives erdogan the perfect opportunity to solidify his position and to remove political opponents , whether or not if it was faked . 
  because my roller shutter is defect and the sun is directly shining into my face . 
  forgot about them , but they do n't complain constantly about the eu and try to block reforms . 
   no they do n't . 
  they lost all say in the eu . 
  they still are members . 
  the referendum is not legally binding . 
  the uk government has to invoke article 50 of the eu treaty ( even then will it take up to 2 years until they leave the union ) . 
  until then they still have to pay fees and hold up any previous treaties with the eu . 
  they probably wo n't be treated as equals regarding the decision making of new regulations and the budget planning until the uk government made it 's final decision , though . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  the most obvious and tangible selling points of the eu are the free movement of labour and the ease of access to the eu market . 
  these are the things they want to keep . 
  but financing a stable economic union is not one of them . 
  many things which are financed by the eu do not generate immediate advantages for all members , but rather try to ensure a stable economy in all of its members and the eu as a whole . 
   with all respect , i did n't . 
  yes you did . 
  the point was not that we would be called nazis , that was a stray observation . 
  the point was , that refugees are not a problem , except in right-wing media . 
   merkel escalated the refugee crisis and gave a turbo boost to brexit . 
  no merkel did not escalate the refugee crisis . 
  most refugees would still have come because they fled from a war , we just decided we could show compassion and help those people who come to us .
