  i like colder weather rather than warmer , but i like seasons too so basically the weather that is e.g. 
  in prague . 
  beaches are meh . 
  so in a nutshell big city surrounded by beautiful nature with weather similar to prague . 
  could n't care less if its next to an ocean or not . 
  what about the czech republic ? 
  what city or state would be the best fit for a czech ? 
  this is why interventions suck . 
  you can make things better , or you can make them worse . 
  either way , you are a hypocrite . 
  not worth it , in my opinion . 
  sadly , it never is . 
  it is a description of it . 
  no , the power lies in the government that establishes laws and regulations . 
  it 's very much like a monopoly . 
  what you are saying is just a hypothesis , not a fact , so do n't try to pass it as such . 
  economics is tough , not easy , and no one knows what would really happen in a free market . 
  a counterargument for your argument can be for example that monopolies are very inefficient , which encourages the creation of competition . 
  the other thing is , i am not against a small amount of regulation that could be for example used to prevent monopolies . 
  capitalism distributes power to private companies and essentially to the people , socialism needs central authority who holds the power ( state ) . 
  in practice , it 's a bit more complicated , but essentially yes , capitalism tends to distribute power while socialism tends to centralise it . 
  yes , but nobody is imposing sanctions on you . 
  neither is anybody suggesting a war with you . 
  and in the beginning , there was almost no criticism , it came later on when it was clear it was a bad idea . 
  they do n't . 
  but they give the protectors a good enough reason to protect or otherwise intervene in a conflict . 
  if someone would 've wanted to help they had a pretext . 
  yes , a memorandum . 
  ~ ~ that means nothing ~ ~ . 
  / / no , it actually means something . 
  not much , but you are right , the signatories should intervene . 
  but that is not eu . 
   if anything , a purely capitalist society is more likely to see an increased centralisation of money / power , as the free market , when left unregulated , is bound to devolve in a bunch of monopolies over time . 
  this is an opinion , not ( necessarily ) the truth . 
   so i could just as well say that i believe in a small state ( i.e. 
  deregulation ) with distributed power ( `` socialism '' ) rather than a big state ( lots of regulation ) with centralised power ( capitalism ) . 
  ok , you are right , you can have capitalism with centralised power ( monopoly ) . 
  what i actually meant is that i believe in distributed power and capitalism as a way of achieving it . 
   in reality it 's somewhere in the middle . 
  yes , i actually kind of agree . 
  i just think it should be closer to right than left ( i.e. 
  towards less regulation rather than more ) . 
   the market itself has to be regulated yes , the question is how much . 
  i believe it should be regulated quite little , that 's what i meant by `` small state '' . 
   child and slave labour in this discussion , i am mainly talking about economic freedom , not personal freedom . 
  i basically agree with a lot of views held by liberals ( on personal freedom ) . 
   uhh and how did it work out ? 
  not well . 
  but that does n't mean that alliances suck . 
  if there was n't an alliance , would france help us ? 
  i doubt it . 
  an alliance gives you a good reason to protect someone against an enemy . 
  the lack of an alliance does n't give you anything . 
  hence alliances . 
  exactly to prevent this . 
  czechoslovakia had such a military alliance with france , that makes it different . 
  ukraine is alone . 
  the thing is , i do n't think you should sacrifice your integrity even if you know it is going to cost you your own country . 
  so even if letting russia annex ukraine would eventually lead to annexation of eu , you should still let them . 
  that 's integrity . 
  i am not saying you should always be neutral ( i mentioned switzerland 's neutrality just to make a point ) . 
  i am just saying you should stay away from international conflicts , that 's all . 
  i am all for making alliances , i never said you should just stay neutral and alone . 
  just stay away from conflicts that do n't concern you , or your alliance , or anything else that is on a paper ( and thus your potential enemies are aware of it ) . 
   because us tried and abandoned this policy , as well as uk that does n't mean it does n't work . 
  it just means that they found it beneficial to abandon it for whatever reason . 
   anyway , looks like your opinion , albeit is not really popular , being presented by the sso party . 
  yes , that makes sense , they are a libertarian party , and while i would n't call myself a libertarian , i agree with many of its ideas , especially as far as foreign policy is concerned . 
  i never said that countries should n't be allowed to join an alliance of some kind ( if they and the alliance are n't against it of course ) . 
  that 's why i said ukraine should have done it . 
  they did n't get their way , but if they did , it would be perfectly ok , because anyone is entitled to have their opinion and pursue it . 
   modern states have become too complicated to just put these against each other . 
  that is your opinion , i disagree . 
  only fools deal in absolutes . 
  why do you think so anyway ? 
  look at switzerland , they are always neutral and it works really well . 
  eu should n't intervene in ukraine/russia conflict . 
  it 's not our conflict , it 's between ukraine and russia . 
  if ukraine wanted to prevent this , they should have formed an alliance with someone ( e.g. 
  nato ) . 
  i just do n't want eu to be hypocritical , if you criticise russia for ukraine , you should also criticise usa for iraq . 
  also , i believe in a small state ( i.e. 
  deregulation ) with distributed power ( capitalism ) rather than a big state ( lots of regulation ) with centralised power ( socialism ) . 
  just to be clear , a lot of people say that i am selfish when i express this opinion , they say that i want the poor to be poorer and the rich to be richer . 
  but that is of course not true , i want what everyone else wants , prosperity for everyone . 
  the thing is , i just believe in different ways of achieving it , that 's all . 
  a lot of times in these kinds of arguments people with the different opinion think you are just evil and selfish , but that is almost never true . 
   i guess i was n't completely clear  no , it was me who was an idiot , see my edits   it 's hard to justify moving out when you need the money you 'd be spending on rent for other things . 
  yes , that is true , that is why a mortgage is better than rent , instead of spending money you are basically investing it . 
  i see . 
  i am glad i live in a country where it is n't really that expensive so one can quite easily afford mortgage even in the capital . 
  which makes it even more surprising that more czechs are n't moving out sooner . 
  on the other hand at least they are not driving demand for real estate too high  / / oh , i misunderstood , i thought you would go back to your parents when you finish your university . 
  now it makes sense . 
  ~ ~ and then you will move to your parents ? 
  why ? ~ ~, 
  holy shit , 91 % of men my age ( 23 ) still live with their parents in the czech republic . 
  that 's crazy . 
  i 'd go shoot myself if i were still living with mine . 
  / / oh , i fucked up , i meant 91 , not 9 % ( or more precisely i meant only 9 % do not live with their parents anymore at 23 ) .
