  i live in brno , second most populous city in the czech republic , and the prices are quite similar . 
  i think prague is at most 20 % more expensive as far as meals in restaurants are concerned . 
  dammit . . 
  i knew i would fuck something up ... 
  while the quality varies quite a lot , i have yet to eat a lunch in our restaurants that could be considered not edible . 
  what you are saying is just wrong . 
  it 's quite interesting that a meal is least expensive in the czech republic . 
  and we usually get meal tickets which are partially ( i think 55 % ) paid by the government . . so i usually spend about 45 czk for a lunch ( 1.6 eur ) . 
  source : http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/, 
  source : http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/, 
  opinion that the earth is flat is based on an erroneous fact , but it is still just an opinion and therefore it can not be wrong . 
  if i say that green is the best colour , can someone say that my opinion is wrong ? 
  nope , that just would n't make any sense . 
  we often say that someone 's opinion about a fact is wrong , but what we usually mean is that the fact is wrong . 
  in these cases i think it 's ok to say that an opinion is wrong , because it 's just a shortcut . 
  but what you are saying is wrong is literally just an opinion , because it 's not an opinion about a fact , it 's an opinion about something that is very subjective . 
  he was wrong ? 
  how can you be wrong about an opinion ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i am not saying i agree or disagree with / u/dclauzel , but how can you possibly say he was wrong just because the other moderators have a different opinion ? 
  is there an etf for eastern poland ? 
  this methane release hypothesis has very weak support in the mainstream scientific community , as a climate scientist that was recently on reddit [ says ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/3flzb4/science_ama_series_climate_models_are_more/ctqiw99 ) . 
  besides , i do n't think the sources you provided have much credibility . 
  what i consider a good source is an article in a scientific journal . 
   6 degrees c increase is already expected within decades by conservatives estimates , while others believe 10 degrees at minimum due to ever newly triggered feedback loops . 
  source ? 
  according to the [ ipcc report ] ( http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar5/syr/ar5_syr_final_spm.pdf ) , the average temperature should increase by 4.8 degrees at worst by 2100 . 
  that seems wrong . 
  surely we are not such barbarians , 
  you are not a native speaker but it 's actually quite good , much better than what i heard from british . 
  maybe your language is slavic ? 
  brno better than prague ? 
  interesting . 
  not that i am complaining as i myself live in brno . 
  white is ok imho  ... or you could create a special colour just for us :p, 
  2 stripes with extras ? 
  i do n't know ... 
  it 's like saying that the german flag is 2 stripes with extras ( one extra stripe ) . 
  damn , it 's so confusing to listen to english voice-over with czech original . 
  it 's like your brain is not sure what to focus on . 
  as in every other thread like this , i must say this is just not necessarily true . 
  i certainly can not be sure of this , but i think greeks are much much worse off then any other eu country . 
  that is because while their wages fell down a lot , prices stayed nearly fixed . 
  this is caused by [ nominal rigidity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nominal_rigidity ) . 
  besides fixed prices , it also causes high unemployment . 
  so saying that greeks are still better than czechs , slovaks , romanians etc is just not true at all . 
  in our currency union , there is just no other way than to keep supporting countries like greece by pouring money in them . 
  yes , that makes sense . 
  i think that czechs are also very reluctant to invest . 
  we do n't make so much money as germans but it 's still quite easy to make surplus ( because stuff is very cheap here ) . 
  and the interest rate on savings is also very low ( about 1 % ) so it 's just not worth it to have money in the bank . 
  but this reluctance to invest might change here in the future when people start making more and more money , who knows . 
   what the article talks about is the interest rate on savings oh i see , i thought * savings rate * is * interest rate on savings * . 
  then i do n't understand why germans do n't invest when the interest rates on savings are so low . 
   which is what needs to happen . 
  yes , it would help germany . 
  but i do n't think germany really needs help right now , it 's the other countries that need investment imho . 
   saving rates in germany are too high and investment is too low i actually read on telegraph that saving rates in germany are too low , way too low , even negative : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/11210057/interest-rates-are-so-low-that-germans-are-paying-to-keep-money-in-banks.html, 
   well public investments means that we 're going to build roads , bridges , infrastructure and stuff yes , i just do n't see how that helps other countries to export more . 
   a certain part of that will require imports from our neighbouring countries . 
  probably , but i do n't think that 's certain . 
  a country can be very much independent . 
   also public investment will create jobs which will result in people having more money for consumption which our neighbours will profit from . 
  how ? 
  investment will create jobs , sure . 
  but increased consumption will be leveraged by these new jobs so i do n't see how this will increase exports . 
  it will surely increase exports somewhat , but it will still be more beneficial to germans rather than other countries imho . 
   also public investment will boost productivity which will mean that investors will tend to invest in germany again rather than moving capital abroad . 
  sure , but that is beneficial to germany , not other countries , because other countries will lose the german investment . 
   the private debt was systemic , too . 
  it 's not just one company , it 's what created the housing bubble in spain and completely busted their economy . 
  ok , that 's true i suppose . 
   but that 's exactly what we need to do , we germans need to create more debt !, 
  if we want to stop the mechanism described above we need to increase public investment and get some money flowing back to our country , which in return will boost exports in the countries around us , helping them consolidate their economy , reducing imbalances . 
  can you clarify this ? 
  how does public investment in your country help boost exports in the other eu countries ? 
  yes , private debt can cause problems , but the problems usually do n't extend beyond that one company . 
  if it 's a bank that is in debt and goes insolvent , it is of course much worse , but banks are usually heavily regulated by central banks so that does n't happen that much . 
   although these two usually go hand in hand it 's the private companies that export their products while it 's the government who creates public debt . 
  so i do n't see the connection there . 
  this is not true . 
  you are assuming only governments borrow/lend money . 
  that is however not true . 
  if government a borrows money , there does n't have to be government b who is going to lend it . 
  it 's investors in general ( banks , funds , individuals , companies ... ) who lend that money . 
  you are probably confusing budget surplus/deficit with trade surplus/deficit . 
  cool . 
  are we the new western europe now ? 
   debt can not disappear of course it can . 
  it happens all the time . 
  if it did n't , all bonds would basically be risk-free . 
  that 's scary . 
  really ? 
  why ? 
  what happened in iceland ? 
  the problem is that many people just do n't do any kind of research on anything . 
  media says that greeks are lazy so it must be the truth . 
  then they just look at some statistics in media and see that greeks have still higher median and average salary than them , so it must mean they are still better off than them . 
  something like nominal rigidity does n't ring any bells with 99.9 % of population . 
  you have come to the right place to ask this question . 
  our european history is full of conquering many overseas territories and despite the fact that we lost a lot of them , we still have many left .
