  but i would be scared anyway , i know it 's irrational . 
  never in cash . 
  would be too scared someone would rob me . 
  i 'd simply wire transfer it . 
  would probably need financing anyway . 
  we use interest rates to control the money supply in the economy . 
  after the financial and sovereign debt crises , the interest rates hit zero lower bound ( 0 % ) . 
  but we still need to increase the money supply when there is a danger of deflation . 
  so we go beyond 0 % and set -1 % . 
  i wish it was that easy . 
  if someone else 's wish is something that is in contradiction with someone else 's wish , we obviously can not let them both pursue it . 
  we need those -1 % rate to run the economy . 
  what do you mean is coming ? 
  i do n't really think it would be much of a problem to abolish cash . 
  it 's not about myself . 
  we could have a 10000 eur note , but it would be useful only for a very small percentage of people + the criminals . 
  you could say that just because of criminals we should n't punish even that small percentage that uses it . 
  but the thing is that the disadvantages outweigh the advantages , so it makes sense not to have a 10000 eur note . 
  you can never satisfy everyone , you just have to satisfy the majority . 
  roads are good for us ordinary folk . 
  $ 500 notes are useless . 
  that political compass is not a good representation of a government politics . 
  politics is not two-dimensional . 
  i do n't think you can make any assumptions about the divides between the rich and the poor from the compass . 
   it 's not as bad there , though considerable divides between the rich and poor remain czech republic has one of the lowest inequalities in the world . 
  but bear sterns was eventually bought by jp morgan . 
  no one is going to let db fail , it 's too big to fail , 
  there are 28 governments in the eu . 
  it would be really crazy if every government wanted something changed in the agreement . 
  you vote on it ( or lobby policymakers ) when it is finished . 
  nothing undemocratic about that . 
  you ca n't possibly negotiate when everyone ( companies , unions , people , governments ) keeps criticising something in it . 
  if the deal is bad , we will just not have it accepted , those in charge of negotiations are aware of that . 
  yes , but only to avoid high taxes , i think . 
  do n't really think that is a big problem . 
  this is complete bs . 
  do you at least have some reputable sources for your statements ? 
   so , i 'll ask again , is there not a push by western corporations ( who obviously control eu and western politicians ) interested in keeping wages down in the east ? 
  how would they do that in a market-based economy ? 
  if there is a lot of fdi in a country , there is a lot of demand for workers . 
  if there is a low supply of workers , wages naturally must rise , how could they not ? 
   the czech republic is the first eastern country to plateau on the possible growth brought on by western investment and membership in the eu . 
  source ? 
  how did you manage to come up with that ? 
   as the growth of wages stops and the eu ( and the west ) is unwilling to create a mechanism to reduce income inequality more rapidly , the czech republic is going to be the first country to contemplate leaving the free-trade zone and imposing import taxes how would that help anything ? 
   there is no way that the people accept stagnating wages at 750 - 900 - 1000 euros when people next door are making more than double ; yes , there is . 
  it is called cost of living . 
   they 're going to push their political class to raise wages which will mean entering into a conflict with the west ( corporations and the politicians they control ) no comment . 
  i think we will be above 4 % when the official figure gets out ( around 14th of february ) , in q3 we had 4.7 % . 
  yeah , both . 
  it 's best to provide a source ( with a direct link ) because : * it 's in the rules . 
  your post could get removed if you do n't provide a source . 
  * some people ( like me ) might want to check other countries , 
  source ? 
  i do n't think i do , unfortunately . 
  i think the american services are better , but besides that i am also quite a specific customer . 
  i want to watch movies in original and read books in english . 
  so , there are some czech services like netflix , but they all suffer one or all of these drawbacks : * no hd * czech subtitles that you can not disable * no android/ios app as for books , the selection of english books is nowhere near as good as on amazon . 
  there are some czech music services , but again , not as good as spotify or google music . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  i pay for google music , buy books on amazon , games on steam and now i can watch unlimited amount of movies whenever i choose . 
  these services are fucking worth it , we need to support them . 
  yeah , but that is illegal . 
  yeah , maybe . 
  hopefully , there will be a lot of interest in my country which will convince them to add a lot more content . 
  currently , the interface is n't even translated and there are no czech subtitles , so there probably wo n't be much interest initially :(, 
  i pay 9.99 $ to get hd , and it really is hd , very good quality . 
  if i am satisfied after the trial month , i 'll keep the subscription . 
  the only problem i currently see is that the selection is quite poor , but they might add a lot of movies/tv shows soon . 
  yeah , but we have debit cards . 
  they are used the same way as credit cards when paying over the internet . 
  czech republic also 55.6 . 
  yay !, 
  1 year, 
   make up at least 20 percent of ** all registered voters ** is n't a registered voter someone who can vote ? 
  not someone who voted , but someone who is legally able to vote . 
  still better than to put a piece in its place that does n't fit . 
  why ? 
  about goddamn time . 
  can confirm . 
  live in brno , 4500 kc rent ( including utilities and internet , share flat with 2 other people though ) , cheap stuff , at the end of a month i still have about 20k left of my salary . 
  pretty good deal if you ask me , 
  well , i do n't know , i have a theory , but it 's likely wrong . 
  i think it 's because the czech republic lacks the piece of history where human rights , equality , racial issues etc. 
  were discussed and were becoming important , i.e. 
  the second half of 20th century . 
  west had experienced this phase , but we had n't because we were behind iron curtain . 
  so now we are a few decades behind as far as human mentality is concerned . 
  yeah , agreed , so disappointed in my country right now . 
  probably copy & pasted it from somewhere . 
  no chance they can speak all those languages . 
  as soon as ireland and malta get on that chart , we will be third and you will be fourth , 
  still could get worse . 
  vw fuck-up is going to affect q4 . 
  on the other hand chinese investments could somewhat offset decrease in demand of skodas . 
  we will see , but if we stay above 4.0 % in q4 , i wo n't be disappointed . 
  ah , sorry , i just wanted to make it clear that i have a different opinion but i can see i have overblown it and now it has a different meaning ... well , i have removed the emphasis . 
  it 's not ( in my opinion ) . 
  people should asses single ideas regardless of where it 's coming from . 
  it 's due to politics .
