  the problem is that while poles or hungarians are willing to compromise , brits not so much . 
  imho , it 's because eastern countries are less confident in their political views . 
  after all , democracy has been here only about 27 years . 
   do you really think that the uk is a worse fit for the eu than ( for instance ) bulgaria or romania ? 
  not sure , to be honest . 
  they are different economically , but i do n't really think that is a problem . 
  but yeah , the reason why i do n't think it is a big deal is because they do n't have a loud voice . 
  i mean , imagine if we accepted russia into eu . 
  that would cause a total havoc . 
  on the other hand , if we accepted a country like serbia , that would n't be a major problem . 
   the eu is ( and will for a very long time remain ) a bunch of nations with varying and competing national interests . 
  the idea , for me , is to do away with these varying interests and unify them to get a stronger , better europe . 
  idealistic ? 
  perhaps , but i still want it . 
  haha , keep believing it :p, 
  there were many opportunities to leave , or to descend into something like efta . 
   what you have to realise is that dissent and disagreement are healthy and crucial parts of democracy . 
  yes , that is true . 
  but the opinions must not be different too much , otherwise it does n't work . 
  the intersection of what uk considers good policy and what the rest of eu considers good policy is quite thin . 
  of course , there are problems in the rest of europe as well , you can see that especially recently , but it is not so bad as in the uk-eu case , imho . 
   that disagreement is not acceptable again , as i said above , you ca n't have two completely different governments and try to integrate them . 
  you could n't integrate russia with usa , because they disagree on too many issues . 
   we were right about schengen , we were right about the euro . 
  i disagree with you on schengen , but let 's not argue about that . 
  the thing about these policies is that we feel like they are essential for further european development . 
  you generally disagree , we generally do not . 
  yeah , i am fairly young ( 24 ) . 
  i know , but before the financial crisis , i was n't really paying attention to politics . 
  so i am not saying you never participated in eu issues , but yeah , i consider 8 years to be a very long time . 
   it should not be difficult to see why the uk wants different policies in terms of free movement of people to other countries you are right , it is not that difficult . 
  the `` why '' does n't really matter though . 
  the thing is just that you do n't really fit , that is all that really matters . 
  if you attempted to integrate countries like turkey or russia into eu , it would n't really work because they just do n't fit . 
  there might be good reasons for that , but that does n't really change anything . 
   a large amount of the uk would very much like to remain in the eu i would ultimately also like uk in the eu , but not with your current mentality . 
  again , that is not a bad thing . 
  and i am definitely not saying that you leaving is going to solve all european issues , far from that . 
  but yeah , i believe some problems will be solved and we will be able to focus on other issues . 
  you as people ? 
  definitely not . 
  i work with a lot of brits , you are great people . 
  i just believe your political opinions are incompatible with the rest of eu at the moment . 
  that could change in the future of course and i hope it will , but we are not there yet . 
  ok , but what do you want then ? 
  if you just want free trade , that can be arranged i am sure . 
  but having you in eu with political power where you do n't participate , only block everything you do n't like , what good is that ? 
  if you think eu is a flawed project , why to stay then ? 
  eu is not just about giving money . 
  not even close . 
  well , it 's not that . 
  it just seems to me you do n't really participate in this `` european '' project . 
  i rarely hear any opinion of uk on any european issue . 
  i hardly hear anything about immigration , greece debt , euro etc. 
  just talks about exit . 
  this is very weird imho , you are the third most populated country in eu , you have some goddamn power , but you just do n't use it at all . 
  it 's always just germany + france . 
  yep , to honest , it seems to me you have n't been a part of eu for a long time anyway . 
  yeah , i absolutely agree . 
  czechia sounds ridiculous . 
  i once had an argument with some activists about this ( yeah , it is a thing , there are activists who want the czech republic to be called czechia , see [ here ] ( http://www.go-czechia.cz/ ) ) , did n't go very well , they could n't understand i had a different opinion . 
  btw , the letter `` r '' in `` republic '' is capitalised in english . 
  cool !, 
  i have n't been at a zabijacka for a very loong time  ... 
  i think we czechs do n't do that much anymore . 
  it 's possible . 
  but i do n't think that is going to happen . 
  we have become much better at economics than we used to be . 
  financial crisis in 2008 would have been a disaster if we did n't know what to do to fix it . 
  the business cycle has ups and downs , exactly . 
  that 's why it is possible to even it out . 
   i see it as propping up the economy higher and higher while things get more and more expensive with no wage increases until it collaspes and we are all poor . 
  i do n't think that is happening . 
  the inflation has been kept at about 2 % annually for as long as i can remember and the wages has been rising faster than the inflation . 
  at least in my country . 
   spiral deflation is a thing , but so is spiral of lowering interests rates in hopes of keeping inflation up . 
  we 've been doing it for a few decades now . 
  well , the hope is that we will eventually need to push them back up . 
  we also use other approaches to fight deflation at zlb ( quantitative easing , foreign exchange intervention ) . 
   you do realize if you increase money supply , everyone becomes poorer , right ? 
  no , that is not entirely true . 
  if the demand for money increases and you increase the money supply , it evens out ( and nobody gets poorer ) . 
  you also have to consider the opportunity cost , i.e. 
  if the central bank does n't increase the money supply and the economy slips into a recession , you will be poorer than you would have been if they increased the money supply . 
   you are right , but at the same time when things are going unwell i dont see how continuing to lower interest rates indefinitely is solving anything . 
  in normal times , it is a great thing . 
  in our current times , i agree it is a bit controversial . 
  but i believe the tide will eventually turn and the interest rates will go up again . 
  if not , we might have to come up with another solution that keeps the economy running . 
   take the hit for the short term pain & long term gain is the way i see it . 
  maybe . 
  but i do n't think economists believe it is necessary , many central banks certainly do n't . 
  we do n't want under any circumstances another great depression if we can avoid it . 
  because deflation can cause a positive feedback loop ( deflationary spiral ) , i.e. 
  deflation itself causes more deflation ( deflation -  companies start making less money -  more unemployment -  people start saving money ( and spend less ) -  more deflation -  ... ) . 
  this makes the economy function far below its potential for no good reason . 
  the economy is not propped up on tax dollars if you increase money supply , you do n't use tax dollars for that . 
  i do n't think anyone would want the whole economy to `` burn down '' , not when there are people living in it ( unlike the example with the old forest ) . 
  they ca n't rip you off , if you wire transfer the money and they do n't give you the car you paid for , they go to prison . 
  of course no one would know and it is very unlikely someone would rob me .
