  czechs do n't like eu and therefore anything that eu does is wrong . 
  and as one of the things eu does concerns environment issues ( e.g. 
  banning 100w bulbs ) , climate change is clearly either not something that happens at all , or it is n't caused by humans . 
  i know this sounds ridiculous , but when i had a discussion with a few people about this , this is really what it came down to . 
  more like the rest of europe ca n't into czechia europe , am i right ? 
  it 's a good argument why un sucks . 
  not a very good argument why czech government ( or czech public ) does n't . 
  unfortunately it seems to me that almost nobody in the czech republic cares :(, 
  what do you think is the toughest challenge european union will face in the next 10 years ? 
  it 's even `` worse '' in brno . 
  slovaks everywhere , at work , at my university . 
  some university courses are even taught in slovak . 
  they are taking over !, 
  hahahaha, 
  because it is being negotiated . 
  as soon as it is done , we will have a year to review it . 
  until then , it is ridiculous to judge it . 
  why should we say no to something we know next to nothing about ? 
  the trade agreement is not finished yet , i 'd wait till it is before passing judgement . 
  also , carbon tax . 
  can you provide a link to a previous discussion about this that you had in the past then ? 
  i 'd definitely be interested in your point of view . 
  this is such a ridiculous video . 
  i watched first 3 minutes and had to stop . 
  this video does n't address the question `` is europe doomed ? '' . 
  it 's just a video about `` i do n't like current european politics , here is why '' . 
  but unfortunately , it tries to make us believe every claim in the video is a fact , which is obviously bs . 
  as i said , when we get there , everything will be for free . 
  when we get to that future , you will just get to a store and take what you want ( or , more likely , you will just think of something and it will materialize before your eyes ) . 
  so i would n't worry about that future as it will be pretty much heaven . 
  imagine a virtual reality , is there a reason for you not to get anything you want in a virtual world ( for free obviously ) ? 
  but that 's ridiculous , all work can not be replaced by ais , it would mean ai is for free which in turn would mean we live in a world where there is no scarcity ( unlimited resources ) which would finally mean there is no such thing as wealth , work , money and an economy as a whole -- because everything is given to you for free . 
  if you asked the same question before industrial revolution or even 60 years ago , you would get the same answer : hard to say . 
  one thing is certain , the extra money we will have left due to higher productivity will have to be spent somewhere . 
  you ca n't have money and no way to spend them , otherwise the money has no value . 
  of course he was right . 
  machines are replacing men and women 's work since like forever . 
  it 's just that a new kind of work is always created , so it does n't really matter . 
  you do n't replace a human by an ai for no reason though . 
  you do it only if it 's cheaper . 
  and if it 's cheaper , it means the goods you produce will be cheaper for everyone . 
  so basically , people will get richer as now they can afford more stuff . 
  what will they do with the extra money ? 
  they need to spend it eventually , which increases demand . 
  so again , by your own words , this will lead to higher demand for labor and therefore jobs for us . 
  the industrial revolution and this ai revolution is not much different imho . 
  do you have any kind of source for your claims ? 
  because i find much of what you say hard to believe . 
  i do n't think it 's much harder to find job today than any other time in history . 
  yes , they are there , i used one . 
  there was literally no line . 
   starobrno or pilsner beer i 'd recommend trying anything but these . 
  you can get these outside the czech republic . 
  i would recommend trying something more local or even some local brewery . 
   do n't go up the eiffel tower when i was there at the end of august , it was n't bad at all . 
  you just have to take the stairs to the second floor and you are good . 
  the line was like 5 people or so . 
  on the second floor , it was worse , but it did n't take more than one hour to get to the top . 
   the louvre deserves at least one day . 
  indeed . 
  but i would recommend visiting just one or two sections , it 's a big place and you have no way to enjoy it if you just walk though the whole thing . 
   the subway is really depressing . 
  i think the subway was fine . 
  i bought paris visite and was really glad i did it . 
  the place is freaking huge , so it is great to not have to spend the whole time there just walking . 
  and rer c line has some great views . 
  the main reason for the devaluation was to loosen monetary policy , i.e. 
  increase money supply . 
  do you know what the main goal of the central bank is ? 
  all around the world , pretty much every central bank has one main goal , and that is to target 2 % inflation every year ( there are good reasons for that but let 's not get into it ) . 
  the problem is that in the current economic climate the standard tools for increasing money supply ( and therefore increase inflation ) do n't work very well ( because of financial crisis ) , so central banks have to opt for less conventional tools , like qe ( in usa and now also in europe ) or exchange rate intervention ( like here ) . 
  we are a very open economy , that means we do a lot of trade ( especially with eu countries ) , so it makes a lot of sense to choose this strategy instead of qe . 
  not for czech . 
  we ( meaning jan hus ) replaced that polish mess with our own stuff and now as far as accents and overall orthography are concerned czech is not much different from e.g. 
  french . 
  the amount of money that flows to san francisco is insane compared to others . 
  no wonder it is so damn expensive . 
  not even tourists ? 
  i 'd imagine tourists would be unfamiliar with this custom . 
  but that would be extremely inefficient . 
  it would be difficult to borrow ( and companies need to borrow huge amount of money ) and you ( as a central bank ) would lose control over monetary policy , so you would be unable to e.g. 
  fight deflation . 
   free money for companies they are hardly free . 
  if you issue bonds , it does n't matter who buys them , you still have to repay them , otherwise you get into , you know , financial problems . 
  yeah , agreed . 
  i am not interested in seeing a picture of a terrorist for christ 's sake . 
  what the hell is wrong with these news sites . 
  giving up control over monetary policy while maintaining control over fiscal policy is not a particularly good idea . 
  that 's the only argument you really need . 
  i want euro eventually too , it would make so many things so much easier for me , but i ca n't just ignore the huge issue . 
  i have bought 14 books this year so far . 
  all ebooks though , which is kind of sad when i think about it , i usually read about 30 books a year , so i could have a huge library of my own by now , 
  does n't say much . 
  comparing stock prices like this is silly . 
  i think it 's more like telling brexitters `` we told you so '' . 
  people generally like to be right , no surprise there . 
  i agree they are somewhat understandable . 
  but they are also incredibly irrational . 
  i have tried many times to convince people how irrational their fears are . 
  maybe i got through to some ( without them telling me ) , but my hopes are n't high .
