   usually , if an economy takes a big hit , the currency has to react . 
  this is / r/badeconomics ... 
  i do n't know where you got that from , the only thing that determines the value of a currency is supply and demand . 
  nothing else . 
  so let 's say a recession hits and the demand for czk increases . 
  that would mean that the value of czk would go up . 
  but the czech central bank can just increase the supply of czech currency by printing more money , so nothing really happens to czk  on the other hand , let 's say that the demand for czk decreases . 
  well , that 's what foreign currency reserves are for , and we have quite a lot of foreign currency reserves . 
  of course it is possible that the reserves get depleted and the currency goes down , but that is quite unlikely imho . 
  but even if that happens , the czech central bank can just increase the interest rates which will offset any potential devaluation , to certain extent . 
  so i have no idea what the hell you are talking about , 
  yes , that 's why he 's asking how will the search and rescue capability work . 
  interesting . 
  finland looks like a big swamp . 
  this is wrong . 
  spending money on immigrants is basically investment . 
  so is , of course , spending on education , development etc. 
  question is , what would turn out to be a better investment . 
  i am a software engineer and what i do i find meaningful . 
  but i know that it can be an issue even in software engineering , on the other hand if you bring it up with your boss they do something about it ( at least where i work ) . 
  however , software engineering is kind of special in this regard , so i understand what you are saying . 
   but when it comes to marx 's capital , most of the stuff he talks about does make sense . 
  you should realise that this can be quite misleading . 
  a lot of times you see that something makes really sense but the problem is that you do n't see the big picture . 
  this happens in economics all the time . 
  i ca n't count how many times i changed my opinion about some economic issue because i realised something new that i did n't consider before . 
  marx might be right , but he also might be wrong . 
  the problem is that he can present his opinions in a way that it really does make sense but when you think about it really hard , you could realise that there is something he did n't consider . 
  and that can mean either that the whole assumption is wrong , or it is n't really an issue . 
  the best way to avoid jumping to the wrong conclusions is to always read both accounts . 
  thanks , that makes sense . 
  i think after some time even making whole product yourself would become unsatisfying unless you are doing something creative . 
  it probably depends on complexity of the product but i think eventually anything you repeat becomes unsatisfying . 
  specialization leading to less satisfaction with work ? 
  can you explain ? 
  i wo n't call you an extreme left-wing soviet apologist , i promise !, 
  i do n't think it is that . 
  people were angry before the quotas were presented . 
  i do n't know , i do n't read czech media much . 
  but what you are saying makes sense , it could be that too . 
  yes , we have law enforcement . 
  but there are two problems . 
  first , the increase in crime leads to a lot of spending on law enforcement which means the money ca n't be used elsewhere , people do n't like that ( understandably , imho ) . 
  second , if police arrested a lot of immigrants , they could be called racist . 
  this could lead to a lot of lawsuits and international criticism . 
  you must agree that this is a difficult issue and pretty much nothing is 100 % . 
  yes , very cold . 
  i 'd argue the readers of novinky.cz are not very representative of the whole population but i can not really be sure of that . 
  i also think there is a lot of emotion involved in this , people read every day how the immigrants are going to take over the country and they get pissed off . 
  a year ago the response would be totally different in my opinion . 
  let 's say they consider it ok to rape women who dress the way western women do . 
  these people are going to live in your country for some time , possibly forever . 
  how can you not consider this ? 
  culture . 
  but then why do slovaks agree with accepting immigrants if they are christians ? 
   some people say the outcome of the poll belongs to a different question . 
  if there is any other czech person out there , please confirm whether this is the case or not . 
  no , unfortunately , this does not seem to be true . 
  82.9 % voted no ( `` ne '' ) . 
   point is intelect alone should not be taken as sign of quality . 
  of course , i agree . 
   i do n't believe culture should be relevant . 
  you either think they they have legitimate reason to seek asylum or they do n't . 
  that 's all that should matter . 
  i do n't understand why it should be so black and white . 
  the real issue is complex , how can you not consider other aspects ? 
  you see , this is what does n't make any sense to me . 
  there are vietnamese in the czech republic and no one minds . 
  there are ukrainians in the czech republic and people mind . 
  so this does seem to suggest that it is not about race , because while vietnamese are asians , ukrainians are white . 
  how can you be `` not racist '' about another race and racist about your own race ? 
   the left found over the last few decades that it was a very successful strategy to not engage with the actual argument people made , but to simply tag someone with the label `` racist '' i do n't think it was a conscious decision but i agree that this is what it had become . 
  you do n't have to listen to someone who you labeled `` racist '' so the confirmation bias can get quite strong when you only listen to people who you did n't label racist . 
  of course this applies to the other side too . 
   they end up accusing so many people of being racist that the charge loses its power , and it will cease to be effective even against the genuine racists . 
  yes , i agree with this , this is a common phenomenon in many areas . 
  yes , true . 
  but is it you who is biased or them ? 
  there are both good and bad arguments on both sides so it 's quite hard to decide . 
   i do n't think it is revevant in the topic of refugee crissis . 
  why ? 
  i think it 's generally about culture , and islam is a big part of a culture . 
  and if there are immigrants entering your country , it is relevant , is n't it ? 
  it makes a big different if the immigrants in question are some kind of cannibals vs educated people . 
  i am definitely not saying african/asians are cannibals , i am just trying to show you why i think it 's relevant . 
  i do n't know , maybe . 
  my social circle includes mostly quite intelligent people ( i think ) and basically none of them want immigrants here . 
  they would probably be called racist by a lot of people in the west . 
  but i never heard them criticize african/asian immigrants based on their race . 
  it 's always about islam , people are afraid of it . 
  maybe i am just kind of projecting my way of thinking on them though . 
  no , they do n't . 
  there are a lot of vietnamese in the czech republic , no one gives a shit . 
  i do n't think czechs are really racist if you use the old [ definition ] ( http://www.macmillandictionary.com/dictionary/british/racism ) of racism . 
  i do n't understand this new `` racism '' . 
  it seems the meaning changed somewhat because it 's no longer just about race , it 's also about ideology . 
  if you do n't like someone because they have a different ideology , you are racist . 
  same here . 
  i actually got kind of used to the temperature , which never happened to me . 
  nope , not really .
