  except for us czechs , we have jack shit . 
  i believe him . 
  i did n't see any of those pictures about merkel while i saw this one about greeks . 
  maybe because this one got upvoted and the others did n't ? 
  it 's easy , everything in this thread is sarcasm ... 
  even this . 
  then skoda is ok  just not sk\u00f4da , we do n't even use the letter ( '' \u00f4 '' ) . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  btw it 's \u0160koda , not sk\u00f4da . 
  can i ask why this is considered low quality content ? 
  yesterday i did n't know there were so many monarchies in europe , today i know thanks to this post . 
  so i do n't understand what about it is low quality . 
  the whole `` highest something something '' . 
  the highest unemployment rate in the czech republic was in 2005 ( almost 10 % ) . 
  the highest public debt to gdp ratio was in 2014 ( 45 % ) . 
  so i do n't understand what exactly you mean by those two columns . 
  i think you just do n't understand the table . 
  neither do i though :(, 
  you could pay off the debt while you are there . 
  it 's not like $ 400 billion would do much to your $ 16 trillion debt anyway :p, 
  population of eu only 66 million ? 
  more like 503 million . 
  yeah , i get it ... not bad , 
  the temperature is so high that a czech weather website ca n't deal with it . 
  look at this picture : http://i.imgur.com/yumkbem.png the really bright pink ( or almost violet ) is 36 degrees . 
  but when you look at the top left corner , you can see a weird black and white anomaly . 
  that is not even in the legend , the programers probably did n't think it would ever get over 36 degrees :d, 
  i am glad our government introduced a debt limit of 55 % of gdp . 
  looking at pretty much every western european country is just depressing . 
  could you create the map with these data ? 
  and maybe create another topic with it ? 
  really ? 
  `` nai '' means `` yes '' ? 
  i was thinking it 's a `` no '' the whole day ... how do you say `` no '' in greek then ? 
  why is ron paul in the train ? 
  oh , yes , you are right , i did n't read the full quote ( because i remembered the quote and then just looked up a source where it appears ) . 
  still , the question is how the public reacts to this . 
  it already appears a lot of greeks are withdrawing money from atms . 
  it 's interesting how there is a clear distinction between west and east with us in the middle of it . 
  but lagarde said :  `` if on july 1st it 's not paid , it 's not paid , '' http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/06/18/imf-chief-no-grace-period-for-greece-if-it-misses-payment/ also , the question is how the other creditors react to it . 
  and how the public . 
  but troika did n't fuck greece up . 
   they told as that in 2 years we will start growing and they failed twice already with their predictions and everytime they were taking more and more austerity measures . 
  yes , they fucked that up . 
  but it was the deal , was n't it . 
  you accepted it , you should have known there were risks . 
  they did n't destroy your economy , it was already destroyed by your government . 
  they tried to fix it and it did n't work . 
  i know you are probably pissed off because the situation in your country is really bad . 
  but you should blame the generation of people that supported the government that got you into this . 
  the problem is that the union ca n't take care of irresponsible children . 
  the union does n't have control over fiscal policy of national governments so the governments can choose to abuse their position in the union . 
  if your child does drugs , you ca n't always fix it . 
  troika tried , it did n't work . 
  you must realise that it is n't their responsibility to help , it 's their money , they can do with them whatever they please . 
  yes , a big reason why they tried to help was because of european banks . 
  but that is understandable , they did n't want them to fail , because that would be bad for eu/ez . 
  still , it 's not their fault , greece fucked up , troika tried to fix it , it did n't work . 
  why should troika be blamed ? 
  if someone is to be blamed , it 's greece . 
  oh , thank god ^ ( who i do n't believe in , but still ... ) , 
  i suppose they did ? 
  they tried to help , did n't they ? 
  could n't agree more . 
  made me so mad too , i just thought this sub was better than that :( i hope / u/dclauzel wo n't stop writing in both languages . 
  you want the ez and eu to suffer another recession ? 
  agreed . 
  besides that , it would probably hurt eurozone and eu too . 
  maybe it can help someone learn another language ? 
  maybe it can help the author to learn translating ? 
  maybe it can help author 's comments not to be misunderstood ? 
  maybe it is artistic ? 
  the last idea might sound amusing , but that is actually the reason why i like it . 
  when you look at the literature , you can see that a lot of writers chose to write very artistically not always trying to make it easy on the reader . 
  they did it because they liked it , or maybe they found it hard to convey their ideas just by mundane words . 
  i like it because it paints this subreddit in a different colour than the others . 
  i like it because it shows how diverse european culture is . 
  i like it because it demonstrates how users are willing to do something differently . 
  and i do n't even know french . 
  still like it . 
   but this really is n't the place or the format . 
  it is if we want it . 
  or put mildly , if we do n't * not * want it . 
  i understand it can be jarring for someone . 
  the thing is that they are his comments and he decided to be a little , let 's say , artistic about it . 
  it is at his own risk that people might decide to skip his comments . 
  i do n't know why we should be mad at him for that . 
  i like how it makes this subreddit a bit more different than the others . 
  but this is n't about language , not per se . 
  this is about how good ideas are conceived and how they are allowed to grow . 
  / u/dclauzel wants to write in french and english on a european subreddit . 
  that is his idea . 
  maybe it 's a great idea , how can we ever tell if we forbid it ? . 
   what delusions . 
  do you think you 're 1 of 10 people on the planet ? 
  so we live in a world build by aliens ? 
   diversity in languages is certainly not . 
  you misunderstood my comment . 
  diversity allows for competition of different ideas . 
  if we disallow diversity , we will drive good ideas away .
