well , i think ppp per capita is the most accurate measurement of the standard of living . 
  yes , they are much richer , but they are also much bigger . 
  watch your back spain and italy . 
  we are coming after you !, 
  yeah , well , you know , beer is literally cheaper than water in the czech republic . 
  question is if it 's so cheap because we consume it so much or if we consume it so much because it 's so cheap ... 
  yes , i have both visa and mc ( both embossed and contactless ) debit cards . 
  they work everywhere in \u010cr . 
  maybe we are finally too spoiled for russia . 
  i am speaking generally , i do n't have to have the knowledge of this particular issue to form a general opinion . 
  also note that i never stated whether or not i support the decision of my country to recognise kosovo 's independence . 
  i only expressed my opinion on op 's argument . 
  so every country should have ( and should n't have ) the rights that * you * dictate ? 
  i disagree . 
  every country has the right to have its own rules whatever it is . 
  if its law says that the citizens ca n't form an independent country just because they wish so , so be it . 
  from [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement ) :  the phrase `` munich betrayal '' ( czech : mnichovsk\u00e1 zrada ; slovak : mn\u00edchovsk\u00e1 zrada ) is also used because the military alliance czechoslovakia had with france and britain proved useless . 
  although i could n't find any other source so maybe wikipedia is wrong ? 
  do you have a better source ? 
  munich conference was different . 
  we had military alliance with france and uk . 
  you have nothing and are neither in eu nor nato . 
  i am not saying eu/nato should n't intervene , in fact neither does zeman/sobotka , it 's just no one wants sanctions especially when they are ineffective . 
  wow , it 's like the sun does n't like us . 
  not that i am complaining of course , days with temperature above 30 degrees are the worst . 
  absolutely , i believe unless all eurozone countries fulfil the euro convergence criteria , there should be no new members . 
  you are seeing it wrong . 
  it 's tilde ( ~ ) which means `` about '' . 
  that 's not skoda superb , it 's skoda octavia . 
  you got germany wrong . 
  it 's $ 254 billion according to wikipedia . 
  how can you google something that you do n't know that you do n't know ? 
  i do n't understand why everyone keeps calling this kind of comments racism . 
  it 's not racism . 
  i repeat , it 's not racism . 
  i 'll show what racism is :  racism consists of both prejudice and discrimination based in social perceptions of ** biological ** differences between peoples . 
  i highlighted the important word for you . 
  i have never met anyone who would say that a race is `` something negative here '' because of `` something related to their biology here '' . 
  that does n't mean there are n't people who really think that though . 
  i am just sick of how everyone keeps calling any comment slightly negative towards a race racism . 
  it 's not racism goddammit . 
  i 'll show you an example :  black people kill people because it 's in their dna . 
  this is racism . 
   black people kill people because of their culture . 
  this is n't racism . 
  the problem is that when someone says something like this :  black people are thieves . 
  you can not tell if it 's racism or not , but it probably is n't , because people are generally not dumb enough to think that it has anything to do with black people 's biology . 
  i am probably one of those people you would call a racist if you consider the second example racist . 
  i do n't have a problem with black people because i do n't have any experience with them . 
  but i have a problem with gypsies because i do . 
  when i see a gypsy i am wary , not because of their biology , not even because of their culture , but because there is a correlation with criminal activity . 
  i think that is because of their culture , the way they live . 
  that is not racism . 
  that is just not being stupid . 
  i see . 
  that sucks . 
  in that case the map is probably outdated because it shows you in blue . 
  slovakia and belgium too . 
  it would probably stop being the reserve currency if your public debt were too high or if your economy declined too much etc. 
  basically anything that will convince people that they can not trust the dollar anymore . 
   did it cause hyperinflation when the dollar overtook the pound ? 
  why would it ? 
   and which currency has the chance of that in the near future ? 
  there are alternatives to reserve currency system . 
  how would it cushion your fall ? 
  i thought the opposite . 
  if everyone found out that dollars are no longer a stable reserve currency , they would want to get rid of them causing hyperinflation . 
  similarly in the czech republic . 
  except that the effective tax is 43 % income tax + 20 % vat . 
  it 's quite crazy when you think about it , you pay such high taxes and the government still needs to run a deficit . 
  15 % income tax 6.5 % social security tax 4.5 % health insurance tax 20 % vat but it 's a bit more complicated . 
  for example if your income is 30,000 kc ( about $ 1090 ) , then your income after taxation is about 22,740 kc ( about $ 830 ) , which means it 's effectively about 24 % tax on your income ( not 15 + 6.5 + 4.5 = 26 % ) . 
  i forgot to add that your employer pays 25 % social security tax and 9 % health insurance tax . 
  so if your income is 30,000 kc before taxation , your employer pays 40,200 kc . 
  so your employer pays 40,200 kc for you and you get only 22,740 kc , which means you could argue that the tax is effectively about 43 % . 
  that 's without vat . 
  in that case so is quarter of you :p, 
  that does n't mean there are n't legitimate answers . 
  i think ( and many economists agree ) that euro is a bad idea as long as eu is just a union instead of a federation . 
  increase minimum wage and taxes . 
  that must do it ... this time . 
  that 's probably a lower turnout than the czech one ( about 15 % ) . 
  on the positive side , my vote has the highest value ever . 
  there are about 8.5 million people in the czech republic with the right to vote , which means my vote counts for about 6.67 votes . 
  nice . 
  amazing . 
  i can understand almost everything . 
  czech republic ( preliminary results ) : * top09 ( conservatives ) - 18 % * cssd ( social democrats ) - 17 % * ano ( populists , liberals ) - 15.5 % * kscm ( communists ) - 11 % * kdu-csl ( christian democrats ) - 9.5 % * ods ( conservatives ) - 9.5 % * sso ( libertarians , eurosceptics ) - 4.5 % * sz ( green ) - 4.5 %, 
  milos forman is a czech director , so if you have seen films like one flew over the cuckoo 's nest or amadeus , he directed them . 
  but that probably is n't exactly what you meant . 
  i must admit i do n't really watch many czech movies or tv shows , although some of them are said to be very good . 
  for example lidice ( 2011 ) and habermann 's mill ( 2010 ) . 
  however , quite recently i have seen burning bush ( 2013 ) and i must say it was really good . 
  if someone asked me for a recommendation for a new czech movie , this would be it , although it is a sort of a miniseries more than a movie . 
  there are also quite a lot of older czech ( czechoslovak ) movies that are very good and i have seen them in my childhood thousands of times . 
  it is for example popular to play three nuts for cinderella ( 1973 ) in tv around christmas and many other czech or czechoslovak movies . 
  yes , china is in a bad situation , but at least they produce . 
  you do n't . 
   do n't really understand this one . 
  can you explain ?
