  if i ever move it will be just for a few years , because i think my country is really worth living in . 
  no , it is per quarter . 
  see the linked document , or this page : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/czech-republic/gdp-growth, 
  the growth rate is an assumption , under such assumption i concluded it would take 5 years to catch up with the netherlands . 
  so i am not arguing if such growth rate is possible or not , i am just calculating how long it would take to catch up with the netherlands under the assumption that the growth rate is 3.1 % every quarter . 
  in fact if this trend continued it would only take about 5 years ( provided gdp growth of the netherlands would be less than 3 % per year and that the population of the czech republic does not increase ) . 
  but that is of course very unlikely . 
  in 30 years , gdp per capita ( ppp ) of the czech republic would be over 1 million usd . 
  about 20 times more than gdp per capita of usa . 
  no idea , maybe . 
  if more organizations did the exit polls , it would be more difficult to control them . 
  if it 's done by only one organization that can be bribed or controlled in some other way , than you are right , the results could be manipulated in the exit polls too . 
  will there be exit polls ? 
  if there were , it could show if the election results were manipulated . 
  i worry seat belts are n't going to cut it . 
  yes , this is one of the top 100 series on a czech movie database . 
  `` once upon a time ... life '' is 12th and `` once upon a time ... man '' is 33th . 
   that must mean that even some gypsies dislike gypsies . 
  why ? 
  about 3 % of czech population are gypsies afaik , not nearly 18 % . 
  oh come on / r/europe , downvotes for asking questions ? 
  [ anton\u00edn dvo\u0159\u00e1k - symphony no. 9 4th movement ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9obf8f55tu ) [ beethoven , symphony 7 , allegretto , mvt 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uoxogm5jq4 ) [ wolfgang amadeus mozart - eine kleine nachtmusik ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcpm0yn7p0c ) [ wolfgang amadeus mozart - symphony no . 
  25 in g minor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lc1lrz5z_s ) [ wolfgang amadeus mozart : piano concerto ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pay3grzpnqy ) and of course european anthem is n't bad at all either : [ beethoven - symphony no . 
  9 : ode to joy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvl7glwzct0 ), 
  it 's nice and all , but that is n't what i am talking about . 
  i was talking about the quoted bit :  if greece defaults on its debt , it 's becoming even more obvious that those greek banks have a solvency , not a liquidity problem . 
  in my opinion , that part is incorrect . 
   if greece defaults on its debt , it 's becoming even more obvious that those greek banks have a solvency , not a liquidity problem . 
  why ? 
  if greece defaults , it 's the government who defaults , not the banks ( i.e. 
  the government has a solvency problem ) . 
  at the moment , the banks still might not have a solvency problem , because a lot of their assents are government bonds . 
  if greece defaults then the banks would have a solvency problem because they would lose those assets ( government bonds ) . 
  so i do n't think it would be obvious they have a solvency problem ( at the moment ) if greece defaulted . 
  they would , but only after the government defaults ( cause : government defaults , effect : banks insolvent ) . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  oh come on czech republic , that shiny light blue is really rad !, 
  i suppose you are right . 
  but i think it is certainly possible to design the system in a way that makes it very unlikely to rig an entire election without people noticing . 
  or at least less likely than when using the current paper ballot system . 
  perhaps i would change my mind if i saw the course though . 
  european union : see , this is the shit you should enforce . 
  well , in my opinion if the politicians are corruptible , its the failure of socialism . 
  because socialism gave politicians power and therefore socialism should prevent them from abusing it . 
  in other words , policymakers are an element of socialism . 
  so , if they are corruptible , it 's a disadvantage of socialism . 
  if you had pure capitalism with no government , there would basically be no corruption . 
  but that 's just my opinion , i realise there are more ways to view this issue . 
  i am aware of the fact that powerful private companies play a big part in this , what i just want to point out is that there is more than one way to view the issue and the solution is not as simple as `` do away with capitalism '' . 
  we actually had that and the corruption was worse than it is right now , not better . 
  politicians will claim the date for the adoption of euro is to be set next year . 
  if politicians are corruptible , it 's the fault of socialism , not capitalism . 
  yes , because a lot of small transactions are done in cash . 
  but people have money in a bank and withdraw money to have some small amount of cash on them . 
  this deposit money would be gone , so they could n't withdraw it . 
  what is much worse though is that banks and businesses would suddenly lose majority of their capital . 
  not a single business could survive that . 
  when 97 % of money disappears , it does n't go unnoticed . 
  i think you overestimate the importance of cash . 
  you are right that short ( recoverable ) blackout would probably be ok , but i do n't think it would matter if there was or was n't cash in circulation . 
  private companies ( groceries ) would probably think of some way to sell goods even if there was no cash ( e.g. 
  run a tab ) . 
  what good is cash when you have nothing to buy with it ? 
  when people are plundering , killing and rioting out there ? 
  when all companies have gone bankrupt , so there is no supply ? 
  you would buy nothing with that money . 
  there would be nothing to buy with them . 
  banks would go bankrupt , so would firms . 
  no production -  nothing to buy . 
  people would plunder ( at least those that had n't withdrawn any cash ) whatever would be left on the market . 
  besides , the money you would be left with would be deflated in value so much that the government would probably start printing some new currency in a state of emergency rendering your cash worthless . 
  that would happen with or without a cash-free system . 
  cash is only a small fraction of all money ( about 3 % i believe ) . 
  it does n't refute anything . 
  it just means that not only did n't us care about the war , they also wanted to capitalise on it . 
  can you provide a source on that ? 
  i thought all aid was paid by gold . 
  no , i am not implying that at all . 
  i am not comparing us with ussr . 
  they did different things , they continue to do different things , but they did that one same thing -- did n't care until it was their problem . 
  they fought against germany because hitler declared war on them . 
  you could have . 
  and as far as we know , you would have had n't hitler declared war on you . 
  i did n't say that . 
  and so was usa . 
  same goes for the czech republic . 
  it is not that high , but it is much higher than i expected . 
  we have basically no competition on our railways . . so they are unsurprisingly shit . 
  so , do you believe if we had a society where women and men were 100 % equal ( in the eyes of the law and society ) , every single field would be represented by almost exactly 50 % of men and 50 % of women ( as long as they are sufficiently large of course ) ? 
  i do n't want to be called sexist , but i do n't know to be honest . 
  maybe there are some differences between women and men in the way they think , what they prefer etc. ? 
  do we have some study that shows that it is n't so ? 
  anyway , even if it is n't so , i do n't think that the society should be changed from the top ( by policymakers ) , but from the bottom ( by people themselves ) . 
  but that 's probably because politically i am leaning right rather than left . 
  the other question is , why to introduce quotas ( use a hammer as you say ) only in some fields , but not all fields ? 
  is n't that a bit hypocritical ? 
  if you suck at predicting the weather maybe you should stop trying to predict it . 
  i like big cities . 
  the bigger the better . 
  nature is something i had enough of when i grew up , but i like to see it every now and then .
