  no one refuses to speak in english . 
  if they did , they would n't be upvoted and they certainly would n't be a moderator . 
   it 's not my language either , but that 's just the world we live in . 
  we live in whatever world we build . 
  if we want to live in a world where we can speak in another language besides english , so be it . 
   i would never ask anyone to speak anything but english . 
  no one is asking that of anyone . 
  * he * chose to speak in french besides english , he is n't forcing anyone to do the same . 
   it 's arrogant and rude . 
  you can take it as arrogant , or you can just take it as diverse . 
  i choose the later . 
  why ? 
  because diversity is the best thing humans invented . 
  it allows for competition of different ideas , which eventually leads to progress . 
  european union has this nice motto that i very much like . 
  i implore you to read up on it . 
  yes , i understand . 
  the problem is that greeks are the ones that asked for help and troika was `` nice enough '' to provide it . 
  of course they have conditions . 
  if you lent someone money you would have conditions too . 
  this is like when you let someone go into your house , they can stay but you have conditions , they have to remove their shoes etc. 
  actually , you can think of any conditions you want , if you want them to do 10 push-ups before they enter , that 's perfectly ok , they have the choice not to enter . 
  they can , of course , negotiate , but that 's all . 
  greece entered troikas house and now they do n't like the conditions they have to follow . 
  they can exit , or adjust . 
  either way , troika is doing nothing wrong . 
  i do n't understand why this is such a big deal . 
  it was easy for me to read the topic he created and it is easy for me to read any comment he posts . 
  in fact , i kind of like it , why should n't one be proud of their language ? 
  why should n't one write in their native language on a european subreddit ? 
  is it in the rules that he can not ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  he does n't say that syriza is responsible , what he said is that syriza promised something they should have known was next to impossible . 
  and can i ask you how much you invested into those efts and how much you made ? 
  at least ballpark figure ? 
  yes , i know , i asked * how * risky it is , not * if * . 
  how much interest does it yield ? 
  it looks like vanguard is an american company . 
  would n't a european company be better ? 
  if so , is there one like vanguard ? 
  that is quite a lot . 
  mortgage here is about 2.1 % . 
  you know a lot of people that want to borrow ? 
  or is there some place where you can find people who want to borrow ? 
  and how risky is this ? 
  does the bank provide some insurance that if the other person does n't pay , you will still get the money ( with interest ) ? 
  is n't this how negotiations are usually done though ? 
  yes , and it just happens to be public holiday on my name day every year , so that 's nice . 
  sure , i have no objections , we have to make it easier on americans . 
  it 's intentional . 
  he did it so that americans could understand . 
  americans use `` z '' , british use `` s '' . 
  i use whatever chrome chooses not to underline ( in this case `` organisation ''  ) . 
  edit : ah , i misunderstood your comment , sorry . 
  edit2 : nice , ninja edit , i always wondered how other redditors did it . 
  size does n't make it easier for them , on the contrary . 
  importance only makes them more conservative , for example when recently they were devaluating euro , they could have done it by helicoptering new money which i and many economist believe would be better , instead they chose quantitative easing , because it 's a more proven approach . 
  and the ability to destabilize behaves in a linear fashion with respect to the amount of money imho , so it 's equally difficult to destabilize the czech republic and the eurozone . 
  yes , you need to print more money as ecb to cause destabilization , but you also need to print more money to cause any effect . 
  i meant it generally . 
  maybe you would n't but someone else would . 
  and you probably should be . 
  if they did n't do it , you could still be looking for a new job . 
  there is no reason to believe it wo n't happen one day . 
  it keeps repeating throughout history , so there is definitely enough of empirical evidence that it will happen again . 
  i do n't . 
  but i believe the consequences of a recession can be significantly less severe with the right central bank intervention . 
  no , i mean , i do n't know , i do n't think what cnb does is stupid . 
  but either way , the demand for cleverness of cnb when a recession hits is much lower than the demand for cleverness of ecb when a eurozone wide recession hits . 
  and it 's not just about the cleverness . 
  you would have to cooperate with all national governments in eurozone which is much much more difficult than to cooperate with a single government that actually has some control over you . 
  the public debt is denominated in czech currency , not in euro . 
  so we could basically pay off the debt by hyperinflating our currency if we wanted . 
  that would of course be bad for the economy but we could certainly reduce the debt by some devaluation . 
  of course there are probably companies that have their debt in euros so those could go belly up . 
  if you devaluate too much it is of course rather counterproductive . 
  but if you devaluate just the right amount ( let 's say 20 % ) it can be rather beneficial especially if you have a recession . 
  there are many reasons for that , for example exports . 
  when you have expensive products , your exports become uncompetitive . 
  so you devaluate your currency and you boost your exports . 
  another benefit , especially in a recession , is that you can basically lower wages . 
  it sounds horrible but a problem with many recessions is that companies ca n't lower wages much and the cost of production is too high which makes products too expensive . 
  so people ca n't afford it and the company due to lower demand for their product decides to fire people and unemployment rises . 
  so basically devaluation can help people to keep their jobs in a recession while sacrificing their salary . 
  i believe it is always better to have lower wages while maintaining low unemployment rather than higher wages while maintaining high unemployment . 
  always . 
  yes , if the economy of eurozone went into a recession , the economy of the czech republic would contract significantly . 
  but if you have a currency that you can control , you have tools that can be used to make the recession much less severe . 
  so the czech republic would probably be much less screwed than for example slovakia . 
  of course if the recession hit the entire eurozone and the ecb board was really clever and cooperative , it could probably achieve similar effects as our central bank for all euro members . 
  but that is a big if . 
  yes , but government works in cooperation with the central bank . 
  the board of cnb is appointed by the president so if the central bank does n't cooperate the members can be relieved and a new board of 7 members can be appointed . 
  we will be much less fucked than with euro . 
  governments that do n't have control over their currency are fucked when crisis happen . 
  when shit hits the fan you 'll be glad we still have it :p, 
  i think this is the case . 
  many countries consider us still quite poor , but that just does n't seem to be true form my experience . 
  maybe i am a special case but i actually feel kind of rich and i work only part time . 
  in quite a short time i was able to save quite a lot of money and therefore i am able to afford quite expensive stuff that many people form western europe could n't .
