  i believe it is inflation adjusted . 
  afaik it can be calculated like this : 1 - gdp_nominal_2013 / gdp_real_2014 . 
  real gdp accounts for inflation . 
  did n't know we had gold . . 400 tons of it , that is quite a lot . 
  we should have it mined , it 's useless underground . 
  yes , well , i think they actually are kind of telling people that the idea is `` ever closer union '' , as cameron put it . 
  either way , this is a difficult question , if people do n't agree with something , but agree with small changes that lead towards it , should it happen ? 
  i think so . 
  i agree with some points cameron made in his article , eu needs a reform towards looser regulation . 
  but i still think the only solution for the eurozone problem is the unification of the fiscal policy and therefore less power for the national governments and more for brussels . 
  i see it as the only viable option , it would be quite easy for uk to exit eu , it would in fact be easy for the czech republic too , but imho neither we nor you nor anyone else would want a eurozone meltdown ( which means we should support fiscal union even if we were to exit eu ) . 
  and status quo might be even worse . 
  you are right , nobody is really moving forwards . 
  i think that 's because people and national governments would n't probably support it . 
  so instead what we have are very subtle changes that will one day hopefully result in de facto federation . 
  what kind of treaty change does cameron want ? 
  yes , i agree that the current problem is united monetary policy without united fiscal policy . 
  but that , in my opinion , is still much better than dissolution of the eurozone , which would be devastating . 
  therefore the only option is unification of the fiscal policy ( i.e. 
  end of the eurozone ? 
  would n't that crush european economy for decades ? 
  no , i believe it 's not just that . 
  it 's about a combination of factors . 
  taxes , productivity , customs duty etc. . . currency effects ppp only short term , not long term . 
  yes . 
  it 's 2.71 $ / m \u00b3 in brno . 
  the average in the czech republic is 2.95 $ / m \u00b3 , so yeah , expensive as hell . 
  damn , are we really that eurosceptic ? 
  it seems we are the most eurosceptic country in eu :(, 
  yes , some of them are just literal translations and some of them are n't . 
  but why should that be a problem ? 
  what matters is that someone actually did a lot of hard work to translate them so that they would n't sound silly ( to czech ears ) and were easy to pronounce . 
  and they did a wonderful job in my opinion . 
  i do n't know what `` famfrp\u00e1l '' means , but i do n't care , what matters is that it is easy to pronounce , easy to remember , it sounds czech and it does n't sound silly . 
  i understand that it might seem odd or silly to you but that is probably because you are not czech . 
  or maybe you would just have to get used to it . 
  yes , it might sound silly to you but it does n't to me , it is very easy to get used to . 
  i actually think some of the original names are more silly than the translation in our language . 
  like hufflepuff , which translates to mrzimor in czech . 
  you are wrong , the names are actually very good . 
  one of the best translations i ever heard . 
  i think this is just playing with words . 
  culture , in my opinion , is defined by it 's practices . 
  that 's the big difference , i understand if it 's frowned upon when someone criticises someone else 's race , because you ca n't change your race . 
  but culture ? 
  you can change that , it 's not something that is you , it 's something that you do . 
  this is the concrete definition that i think we should stick to , you can see that it has certain integrity . 
  therefore i will criticise a culture whenever i feel like it , because as far as i know that 's what constitutes our culture ( freedom of speech ) . 
  so yeah , i do n't care if i get banned , i will say bad things about certain cultures whenever i want , because if i did n't , i 'd essentially be admitting that our culture is full of hypocrisy . 
  i am neither pro-russion , nor pro-american , but as far as i know , these tanks are unconstitutional . 
  and for that single reason they should n't be allowed to enter the czech republic . 
  it 's that simple . 
  yes , i agree it 's unfair . 
  what i am saying though is that we should n't just outlaw the possibility of working without pay just because some companies choose to abuse it . 
  it 's the people who should decide if they want or do n't want to work without salary , not the government . 
  i do n't understand , if someone is willing to work without salary , why should n't they be allowed to ? 
  this is just a memorandum , not a treaty . 
  i wonder what they actually want . 
  war with russia ? 
  they should have made that clear in the letter . 
  i think that what they do n't realize is that we had allies in 1938 , ukraine does n't have any . 
  so , by whom were they actually betrayed ? 
  lol ... they ate the dogs ... 
   i do n't mean now , i do n't mean i am ready . 
  but in case something bad happens ok , that i can understand . 
  i just thought you were jumping to hasty conclusions . 
  to be honest , if something bad happened , i would expect eu to have our backs , so no fleeing until i am sure that is the only option . 
   i only said that many people forgot that soviet union was n't very kind to us i do n't think people forgot , i think that at least in this subreddit people are generally knowledgable and know about this . 
   but you just can not start comparing them and say that russia is overall better it looks like you spotted some pro-russia comments here , i do n't see them , maybe that 's because i do n't scroll down too much . 
  wtf ? 
  you serious ? 
  putin has n't shown his face for a few days and you are ready to pack your shit and flee ? 
  why ? 
  comparing 1968 with 2015 is absolutely ludicrous . 
  `` fuck this place '' ... 
  if you hate this place so much you should have left a long time ago . 
  wow , i did n't know that about my own goddamn country . 
  thanks !, 
  we could establish an outpost ( like france in south america ) . 
  with open borders and all that it would n't really be a problem to get there , 
  and this is why we ca n't into sea . . we should annex a bit of poland or germany . 
  why ? 
  free trade is a very good thing , do n't you think many would want to do free trade just because of that simple reason ? 
  yeah , fuck progress , right ? 
  yeah , great , everyone who i disagree with should leave because they are obviously a twat . 
  grow up ... 
  what will it lead to ? 
  except for free trade , which is a good thing . 
  free trade . 
  only the domestic profit is counted , i.e. 
  cost of the product in the store minus the import cost . 
  does n't matter if they build or buy something . 
  if they buy some company , the party that sold the company receives the money , which they will definitely want to invest ( which means they either again buy something , or build something ) . 
  c++ is just a notch less horrible than php , 
  he 's living in the usa , so that might explain it , 
  this is wrong . 
  if you get 3.8 % every year , you will eventually catch up with a country that gets 3.7 % every year because of compounding . 
  does n't matter if you start with gdp equal to 1 eurocent while the better country starts with 1 trillion euros , it still holds . 
  no , we would have only three : * captain of the ship 's council * captain of the ship 's commission * captain of the ship 's crew then there would of course also be captainship of the council of the european ship . 
  yeah , maybe .
