  and it 's not only islamophobia , i know people that do n't like anyone that is n't czech :(, 
  this is unfortunately very much true . 
  xenophobia and racism is very prevalent in the czech republic :(, 
  this does n't sound like such a bad idea to me as long as there is a cap on the amount of work hours ? 
  is there , though ? 
  wow , did n't know o2 internet is so slow . 
  i thought they were competing with upc . 
  wow , awesome news , bulgaria !, 
  i hope other countries will follow suit now that you have opened the door . 
  [ 1 year , 246 days , 10 hours and 20 minutes more ... ] ( http://www.zemancountdown.cz/ ), 
  all right , i get your point . 
  just one thing about the cap . 
  almost every advanced country in the world has a similar policy ( japan , us , south korea , canada , switzerland ... ) . 
  you ca n't not subsidize your farmers if you want them to remain competitive . 
  and you want them to remain competitive , otherwise your agriculture sector will move out of your country and you will be dependent on other countries to get food . 
   lack of democracy - yes , i understand that it 's an elected parliament , but as an institution that eu seems to have little problem with overturning the democratically stated will of people , e.g. 
  ireland/lisbon treaty , e.g. 
  greece i do n't understand . 
  eu is as much democratic as any national state , in my opinion . 
  so , can you tell me in what way you think the eu is less democratic than e.g. 
  germany ? 
   bullying . 
  and i mean this on an international level , rather than an interpersonal level . 
  i 've mentioned greece do you think there was a better way to resolve the greek crisis ? 
  i think there should be a debt relief of some sort , but beyond that i do n't know what could have been done differently . 
   e.g. 
  norway what do you mean ? 
  norway has a deal they agreed to . 
   but the worst , to me , is how cap why ? 
  cap , and similar policies , is essential for any first world economy . 
   i was also influenced by seeing the eu 's lack of willingness to reform what kind of reform do you mean ? 
   whilst this last point was n't a big influence in my choosing to vote leave , i do fear that the eu is bringing in a level of supranationalism far beyond what most citizens of the eu want so why not go about it internally , instead of externally ? 
  i mean , you can vote for whatever party you want in the ep elections , so why not to choose a party that wants a less powerful eu ? 
  leaving eu is an extremely destructive option , why go with that one ? 
  they 'll just get a bail out if need be . 
  not an ideal solution , but still better than another recession . 
  the czech national bank would act if it feared inflation . 
  but obviously , no such thing is happening , the inflation is very low . 
  yes , this is sadly also a possibility :(, 
   * everyone . 
  that 's not true . 
   pro-russian stance is not negligible among people . 
  this is , though . 
  yes , i am also quite glad about uk ( although i am very sad about the people , who now have to live there ) . 
  i hope it will show people what happens when you do such a grave mistake . 
  i am a bit afraid , however , that someone will push for a referendum before the full effect of leaving eu takes a grip on uk and people wo n't even wait to see how damaging it is . 
  you can already see our president suggesting a referendum :(, 
  i think the eurosceptics in our country do n't really have a clear idea what exactly they wa n't , they just do n't want to be in the eu . 
  having a deal like norway would be pointless , tough to say if people would be up for it though , anything is possible . 
  as for the swiss deal , i think we would never get a deal like that . 
  i also think this is the way the free citizens party suggests , although , obviously , they are very silent about how they want to achieve it . 
  i do n't think that means anything for them . 
  the thing is they had german cars and food before we were in the eu . 
  what they do n't get are trade barriers . 
  yes , exactly . 
  even worse is that we do 80 % of our trade with eu . 
  we would be done for for decades if we left the single eu market . 
  i had a discussion about this on a czech forum , and i think the reason people deny this is that they just do n't believe experts , especially economists . 
  i hope it will never come to that . 
  to be honest i would probably just leave the czech republic and emigrate to a different eu country . 
  besides obvious economic reasons , i could n't stand living in a country that made such a stupid decision . 
   you guys would then become a russian proxy , and a security danger to the rest of the countries in the region that 's very unlikely . 
  we hate russia . 
  yes , but there is no way to explain it to people , unfortunately . 
  hopefully there will never be a referendum . 
  those subtitles do n't help much :d, 
  exactly . 
  the worst thing is this could happen pretty much everywhere . 
  just shows what a huge mistake it was to allow this referendum to happen . 
   eagle series thanks for the tip !, 
  i 've been looking for a good historical fiction set in rome forever , i must check this out . 
  ca n't blame him really . 
  i am against euro , but a part of me hopes we will adopt it one day . 
  a single common currency is an idea i really like . 
  it 's quite a strange feeling . 
  it 's still a thing everywhere . 
  it does n't matter . 
  it 's not delusional , we will pretty much always have work . 
  automation does n't destroy job , it increases standard of living . 
  it 's been happening since the beginning of the industrial revolution and yet the unemployment rate remained constant . 
  the thing about economy is that it is really complex , you ca n't understand it just by applying common knowledge . 
  in a nutshell -- companies wo n't automate unless it cuts their production cost . 
  cutting production cost means stuff they produce is cheaper . 
  that means you can spend money ( that you would otherwise have to spend on what they produce ) elsewhere , which increases demand creating more jobs . 
  you could say these jobs will also be automated , but again , that can not happen * unless * it 's cheaper . 
  it 's a mess . 
  i honestly have no idea . 
  but that can be used by both sides , and yet the positive side keeps winning ... no reason to be so negative all the time , 
  * jetbrains, 
  i agree getting it to around 30 % of gdp sound like a good idea . 
  the question is , what methods you use to get there . 
  if you have a surplus and use the money to pay some of the debt , the debt decreases , yes . 
  but that 's all , you get no other benefits . 
  on the other hand , if you instead invest the money , the debt might decrease even more ( relative to gdp ) because the money you invested increased the gdp more than it would decrease the debt ( this is possible because money circulates ) . 
  and because you invested , you get more benefits ( e.g. 
  new infrastructure ) . 
  the benefits of investing can be huge , the benefits of paying debt might not be so great . 
  on the other hand , the money could have been used to invest , which might be a better idea . 
  surplus is more popular , but investment might be better in long term . 
  i do n't see a reason why we should be focusing on decreasing public debt , it 's just a nominal value , imho it 's better to outgrow it .
