  it should be done using a law passed by parliament , considering input from relevant institutions and feedback from the civil society organizations . 
  maybe we will decide it is best to build more prisons , or some other solution . 
  the institution running the prisons already warned this will solve the problem for about 6 months . 
  another things that bother me is that it seems this law was especially made to : a ) avoid prison for the leader if the last election 's winning party . 
  b ) get previously condemned politicians ( for curruption ) out of prison . 
  if getting people out or prison is the best solution then fine , but it should be done not by changing the penal law do discriminate what they have done . 
  we should find a way to get the least dangerous people out , but keep all restrictions that came along with they sentence , including the obligation to pay back stolen money and if they reoffend , they should be jailed without a chance to get a new get out of jail card . 
  some sort of parole , if you will . 
  abuse of power in an official dignity is what most of the past 20 year politicians have used to siphon public money . 
  this can not be allowed to continue . 
   are you one of those people who also insist that gays should not be getting married , because marriage is between a man and a woman no . 
  i feel we 're not making any more progress with this discussion , so let 's end it here . 
  nice chat , tough !, 
   we do n't though . 
  that is the problem . 
  i respectfully disagree and hold that laws are indeed written as intended in the overwhelming majority of cases . 
  holes exist , and where they were not intentional , they are quickly fixed when found . 
   we could however make laws that are general enough ... that results of the law need to be predictible . 
  writing a general law , where the `` inputs '' and `` output '' are externally defined and maleable is not desired because it makes the law unpredictible . 
  the only generic laws are constitutions and they need additional legislation to defined the specifics . 
  i fail to see the relevance ? 
  the relevant fact is that people value their biological heritage and therefore having a mother and father on a birth certificate in important to , i would venture to assume , an overwhelming majority of people . 
   words change meaning all the time . 
  you can not change that . 
  should we stop using the word `` gay '' to describe homosexuals because it robbed happy people from a word describing them ? 
  true , but again , the majority of people came to understand `` gay '' means homosexual as its primary meaning . 
  nobody legislated it that the primary meaning should change . 
   should children stop calling adoptive mothers `` mother '' because they did not give birth to them ? 
  should we continue talking about niggers and retards ? 
  no , they should not stop . 
  however , they are a minority and i stand by my point that the vast majority of people understand `` birthgiver '' when you say mother . 
  you can not seriously dispute this ... by passing a law that sais this word has changed its meaning , that people should not assume it implies `` birthgiver '' you are forcing them to redefine their understanding of what a `` mother '' is . 
  if the majority of people whould come to understand , on their own , that a mother is not , in the general case , a birthgiver , i would have no problem with the above mentioned law . 
  but this is not the case . 
   words change . 
  it is not the word that is important . 
  it is the state that is important . 
  motherhood is motherhood , no matter if you talk about `` mother '' or `` xoloopy '' . 
  no one is deprived being a mother . 
  let me put this like this : attempt to redefine what a cyclist is , what a christian is , what a doctor is and do it by issuing a law . 
  i think you would end up with some angry groups . 
  they can continue to cycle , pray to the same god , heal people , but you have taken a way from them a commonly used and uniformly understood term they use to describe themselves as a group . 
   no , they may or may not ... 
  i think you can agree that for the most majority of cases they would . 
   changing a word does not change people . 
  people are people . 
  you do n't change just because the definition of a group you belong to changes . 
  i keep talking about a `` vast majority '' above , and that 's key to all of this . 
  this big blob of people , that have a common understanding on motherhood , christianity , cycling , use words to describe things they understand and are commong to them . 
  you ca n't just go around changing the primary meaning of those words . 
  for sure , minorities exists and they need to be supported , but not by redefining words to be more inclusive by throwing the book of laws at people . 
  today , the common and primary understanding for a mother is a `` birthgiver '' , in my opinion . 
  a step-mother is a also a mother , an adoptive mother is also a mother , but primarily a mother is a birthgiver ( some countries even have separate legislation to handle rights and so on ) . 
  if you say : from now on , a mother does not necessairly means it 's a woman and a birthgiver , you have redefined that group and force everyone to accept the change ( it wo n't work ! ) . 
  personally , this kind of redefinition is more than i bargained for when i went out to ask for gay rights . 
  i 'm sure we can find ways to express these rights in laws without stepping on what people understand words mean . 
  because that makes people angry and it does n't help anyone . 
  in the end , our different understanding might just be due to cultural differences . 
  if that 's the case , it should be a good-enough eye opener regarding the strengh of culture and necessity of cultures to be allowed to change not by forcefull laws , but on their own terms and pace . 
  not my argument , but i 'll bite . we are writing laws the way we mean them , and there is no reason to write them future proof for all possible cultural paths society might chose . 
  we do n't , for example attempt to debate the rights of sentient robots at this time . 
  back to my argument . 
  redefining words that have meaning means you change the societal norm for people that previously identified using those words . 
  why even use the word ` mother ' and not just call them people . 
  after all , all mothers are people , so nothing is lost . 
  if you can see nothing wrong with that , i 'm afraid i ca n't help you . 
  yes , it is . 
  maybe not for you , or maybe you do n't think it should be , but it is important to people . 
  blood bonds are one of the oldest and most important society building blocks in history . 
  look at europe 's history . 
  people travel all corners of the world to meet their biological parents . 
  see 1 , with the added view that when you say ` society redefines ' you should actually say ` the lawman redefines ' . 
  law should adapt to follow society , not force it to change . 
  mother is a synonym to birth giver in any language or culture . 
  if a woman sais : ` this is my child ' any listener assumes ( if age-wise it seems to be feasible ) that the woman birthed that child . 
  if a child sais : ' this ( woman ) is my mother ' any listener would assume the woman birthed the child . 
  denying this is intented ignorance or denial of reality . 
  words are not more important than people , i agree . 
  but some words describe things that are real and some of those real things are about people . 
  therefore , changing words is not always about dictionaries , sometimes they are about people . 
  and people are important , as you say . 
  we have phrases to describe the scenarios you mention , and more : * adoptive mother * legal guardian * step mother * spouse , as a genderless term for one 's partner if we need new words , because phrases are too inconvenient , we should invent them . 
  redefining the legal wording has broad implications ; for example , on the birth certificate , it would have to read `` the person who gave birth '' instead of mother . 
  i wonder what would have to be written for father , i ca n't even imagine what would be considered acceptable enough in this new logic . 
  you know , most little girls play with dolls and want to be mothers when they grow up , being a mother is important to most women and motherhood is known and recognized since cave drawings . 
  it 's a core part of society regardless or color , language or geographical location or era . 
  next we 'll have to update our documentaries to state `` the ungulate that gave birth to the calf '' because mother is no longer a synonym with `` the birthgiver '' . 
  adoptive mothers are honored to be called mothers because they see it as distinction and appreciation that was earned , not a de-facto truth . 
  these type of legislative changes trickle down in society , public speaking ... etc. 
  i 'm not a woman but i can see why some would see this as an attack on themselves . 
  i live in romania , a country where the church is strong and public opinion against any sort of recognized homosexuality , and i 'm a vocal advocate for gay marriage , equal treatment of couples ( of all types ) by the state . 
  i do n't think the above need to come with gender ideology , gender-less birth certificates , and redefinition of used and known terms that have strong roots and meaning in society . 
  if these need to come packed together , then i 'd rather have none of them . 
  that 's not about neutral legal wording . 
  getting rid of pronouned words is just plain dumb . 
  we use these words not to opress , but to describe reality , not culture . 
  you can not redefine reality to suit a cultural change . 
  it 's stupid crap like this that makes people want to ban gay marriage using their constitutions . 
  a mother ** is ** the person who gave birth to a child , lgbtqxyzh or not . 
  ( i just added the h for heterosexual ) this is coming from someone supporting equal rights for all couples , gay , black , yellow , trans , non-gender-binary whatever .
