  even more , a nation that seems to be working against itself humanitarian aid is cheaper . 
  not because the mess the country is in , but because they refused a deal based on that cretin argument ( missing conference ) and in doing so risked and still risk losing the bailout package . 
  if this is true , syriza should be hanged by the greek people in the town 's square . 
  could you please elaborate ? 
  this sounds interesting, 
  the money is not really the problem ; the debt can be postponed until it is no longer a problem , as long as greece proves that it can become a ** sustainable state ** ( even ignoring the debt ) . 
  in order to achieve that goal , the troika proposed some measures it thought are good . 
  those measures have been rejected by referendum . 
  sustainable state is the key here . 
  since the troikas proposals were rejected , the greek government needs to come up with some proposals that would turn greece into a sustainable state . 
  now , the eu people do n't really think there are alternatives , but they are still willing to listen . 
  that 's why there are meetings with the greek government . 
  however , in their belief that there are no alternatives , the summit on sunday ( i think ) is all about handling a grexit . 
  the greek government need to come with some pretty magical stuff to get out of this without any spending cuts . 
  and they need to convince everyone by sunday . 
  maybe , but with a very very different mandate . 
  also those politicians , as bad/corrupt as they come , were making slow progress until syriza arrived . 
  the people have the power to say `` no '' . 
  the vote they gave these days , is exactly the same vote that got them where they are . 
  they supported whoever said `` we 'll give you some more free stuff '' or , in this case , `` we 'll let you keep all the stuff you got even tough you should n't have '' . 
  democracy also means that nobody is forced to help them . 
  it happened in romania too , you know . 
  lots of people lost their cushy state jobs , and then they had trouble supporting their families . 
  they were basically unemployable anywhere else , since they moved papers for 20 years and had no real skills . 
  however , these people needed to be let go . 
  do you know what happens when a lot of a state money is spent on what is basically a very expensive social program meant to keep people that produce nothing employed ? 
  * it discourages enterprise * it means increased taxes even for the few people that actually produce value * it leads to corruption and clientelism * it causes brain drain since the qualified people do n't want to support this * it creates a mass that will always vote for more benefits , leading to spiralling downfall ( see greece ) . 
  so , it will suck for most of them , but it is better for the country . 
  the race to the bottom is greece 's current system . 
   that change comes from within i agree . 
  the desire was always there , we do n't need to be told what to wish for , but how to make it happen . 
  a watchdog from an uninterested party ( i mean , the eu has its interests , but corrupt romania is not one of them ) that can actually identify crappy government actions and that can correctly evaluate and communicate the current state of the country is invaluable . 
  there is too much corruption in romania 's political class . 
  the corruption can not be tackled strictly internally , because of generally uneducated public . 
  however , everyone knows that life is better `` in the west '' , and a lot of romanians went to italy and spain looking for jobs , and they have seen how much better things could be . 
  they ca n't really tell why , but they know it is better . 
  so when we got the chance to join this club formed by our `` models '' , we kinda looked forward for advice and guidance . 
  for sure , there is a lot of internal friction ( including the nationalist card ) because corrupt people do n't want oversight , but we are working on it . 
  based on the above , whenever some strong recommendations on important topics ( like justice ) come from brussels , politicians kinda have to obey , otherwise they risk losing a lot of votes . 
  at this point , i think it is no longer about the already lent money . 
  nobody really expects to get all that amount back . 
  as a romanian , i think this is the solidarity people are expecting from the eu . 
  the eu uses its resources ( and expertise ) to force a change for the best . 
  this is why romanians love the eu . 
  because it keeps our politicians and policy makers in check . 
  the troika is using money as leverage to force a change for the best in the failing country that is greece . 
  and now , the greek people have said they do n't want to change . 
  the greek people have formally rejected the support ( good or bad , nobody really knows ) offered in good faith by the eu . 
  this is why european citizens and leaders are pissed off , because they feel they are being taken for fools by the greeks . 
  if there is a lack of solidarity , it 's the greek people 's lack of solidarity with the values of the eu . 
  this is much worse than money , and justifies a grexit . 
  be happy today , you might cry in a few days . 
  i am absolutely amazed how people can not see what the likely result of this vote is . 
  you assume that the troika is now under pressure and will for sure give in . 
  support for a greek bail-out has collapsed all around europe , the leaders of the troika would have to act against the wishes of most eu citizens , and they have no incentive to do that . 
  the will of the greek people has 0 power to force other member states to sponsor a failed system . 
  if a bail-out will happen it will be on harsher terms than before and completely on the troika 's terms . 
  assume just for a second that there will be no bail-out . 
  atms will run out of money in a few days . 
  imports will grind to a halt . 
  there will be riots in the streets as stores slowly stop selling daily necessities . 
  tourism will take a very serious hit . 
  all savings will be nationalized as the country will strive to switch to another currency . 
  more rioting . 
  the new currency will be so volatile nobody will touch it with a stick . 
  it will lose its value really fast . 
  just to make it clear that the above is not crazy talk , martin shultz just said a humanitarian mission is being prepared . 
  the attitude of the greek people and its representatives might just send the country into civil war . 
  it will be a miracle to get bailed out and to be frank , you do n't deserve it . 
  you will need help for food !, 
  it will take 10 years to fix this kind of fuck-up , and that 's assuming people are willing to try . 
  first of all , you do n't know what austerity means and you think it can be avoided by a political decision . 
  other commenters have pointed out what 's wrong with your current political system and the education of the greek people , so i wo n't do that . 
  you know , the problem is really not about money . 
  the eu has the money , mechanisms and will to keep greece afloat . 
  the problem is that greece is not willing to take any steps to fix their issues ( high tax evasion , corruption . . etc ) i 've seen all of your finance minister 's videos , and i agree with him when he sais that the debt needs to be restructured so it 's sustainable , but he offers absolutely no solutions on how to make it sustainable . 
  the way i see it , greece wants europe to bail it out , but still wants to keep doing all the things that got it here in the first place . 
  this is why everyone is angry ( and rightfully so ) what the no voters do n't get is that if you refuse eu 's proposal , instead of controlled austerity , you will get a big crash and will be forced into austerity measures . 
  you really do n't understand the risks here . 
  if the atms stop spewing money , what you get is panic , riots and a systemic failure of the greek state . 
  you do n't get to chose if the average wage will go down 40 % , or if the state apparatus will shrink by 60 % . 
  it will happen anyway.you only get to chose if this will happen in a controlled manner or not . 
  you know , most countries do n't even get to make this choice . 
  already have one :p, 
  i know what you mean . 
  we are trying to create the `` united states of europe '' somehow , preferably without a war , without loss of identity , without loss of self governance . . etc. 
  it 's a slow and dangerous road , but our alternative , as history has shown so many times , is war and winner take all . 
  i think it can be done , but it is inherently a slow process that needs the full support and dedication of all the countries involved . 
  this process can always fail due to nationalism and oportunistic politicians . 
  frankly , the moment this will fall apart my small country will go the russian way and , hopefully , i will find a place across the ocean to live a quiet and delightfully slow life . 
  i totally understand how the law works and i completely understand your argument . 
  i was arguing a point beyond the current law . 
  you are free to consider such an argument moot . 
  i was arguing that dealing with the eu as a block on commercial issues but with countries within the eu for visa related topics is remotely related to gerrymandering . 
  you can always find a subset of people to meet or not meet a criteria . 
  accepting the benefits provided by the entire eu but filtering the disadvantages based on country is not a morally correct position , but definitely in canada 's advantage . 
  frankly , as a romanian , i understand our minister 's decision ( even if i do n't really support it ) but i also understand that canada must protect its own interests . 
  at this point it is just political chess , so let 's see what happens . 
  if the treaty is with the eu ( and all its member states ) should n't the statistics apply to the entire eu level ? 
  what is the immigration violation rate and visa refusal rate for eu overall ?
