do n't jinx it :d, 
  basescu is close to ending his second term ( the last he can have ) . 
  also , some of the politicians belonging to basescu 's team are also in jail . 
  the gdp growth you mention has two main causes : 1 . 
  eu money 2 . 
  eu companies investing in cheap labour . 
  none of these are sustainable . 
  eu money will dry out and companies looking for cheap labour will leave once it is no longer cheap . 
  also , eu money was mostly eaten up by politicians and their friends . 
  they did not build factories that could sustain growth . 
  they spent it on imports . 
  the little infrastructure ( mostly roads ) that was build will not make money . 
  educated people and businesses make money . 
  also , the politicians did n't get that some of that money was supposed to be used for encouraging talented people to build something here , at home . 
  the young and smart left , because it makes no sense to stick around in a fucked up system when you can just hop on train and be in germany 12 hours later . 
  you know , a place you can work and live a civilized life without fighting everything state related . 
  long term prospects would increase with better education and increased natality . 
  currently none of these are a priority for the political class ( because this not what the voters want ) currently we have : * lots of workforce migration ( because it is so good here , mkay ? ), 
  * negative population growth rate * quite a brain drain problem this results in an aging population that will soon be unable to sustain growth even if it were possible . 
  also here 's a bit about the climate and political class quality : * the president ( arguably the best we had ) is a sailor * the prime minister is a proven plagiarist and chronic liar ( probably the next president ) . 
  this is a country where the prime minister can actually call a former minister ( a woman ) a whore and get away with it , both politically and legally . 
  if you are happy and believe things will get better , good for you !, 
  i wish you all the best . 
  for me , this looks like too little too late . 
  i lost hope some time ago and i have yet to see something that could bring it back . 
  you do n't seem to get it . 
  i 'm not afraid of fighting . 
  i even mentioned that would fight for a country that i would consider is worth figting for . 
  i just do n't think it is worth it . 
  why should i risk my life for a country does n't even show a remote promise of getting better in terms of what it is offering to its citezents ? 
  a country where the majority of its people seem decided to not make any progress ? 
  fighting for your way of life , for your lands , for you family , for the culture you were born in and love , this i get . 
  it is just not the case for me and romania . 
  everybody is born somewere , in some country . 
  this is not reason enough to die for it . 
  as a romanian , this country is not worth fighting for . 
  i am almost 30 , and have been working since i was 20 . 
  this country is led by corrupt politicians voted by uneducated and easily bought folks . 
  i get almost nothing in return for my taxes , except i get to sit around and see the idiots vote for their opressors for small change they get during elections . 
  i case of war i 'm the first to get the fuck out ( i will emigrate nonetheless but enlistment is fast way to make that happen ) . 
  i will fight for any country that offers me something that is worth fighting for . 
  your edit is correct . 
  i was replying to the user asking how do people recognize the gypsies in the pictures . 
  i gave the `` native '' pov, 
  one way native romanians know someone is a gypsy is posture . 
  - aggresive look for no reason , for example - other tells would be general lack of interest in self as evidenced by dirty clothes , visibly destryed teeth , having around obviously neglected children . 
  edit : made clear that i am just answering the question : `` how do you know some of them are gypsies ? '', 
  this just makes my little poor country look bad . 
  yes , they hold romanian passports . 
  they are not ethnic romanians . 
  they are gypsies . 
  you have not addressed any of the points i have listed above . 
  you state that the president has to be removed . 
  here 's what i make of your arguments . 
  * countless antics - well , yeah , you get that if you start talking about corruption in a country where the people in charge usually just shut up about it and everybody 's happy ( stealing ) . 
  like 0 politicians in jail . 
  fucking happy society . . * what is this esoteric understanding o politics you talk about ? 
  can it be explained ? 
  i understand that a person in power makes a law that they can use to steal without consequence . 
  i do not agree with this . 
  why is there more to understand ? 
  * yeah , 90 's were different . 
  dead/beat up journalists ( the few that talked ) . 
  in the 90 's they started selling for scrap ** every ** piece of factory equipment left over from the commie era . 
  if you are suggesting the 90 's were better you are batshit crazy . 
  * people did consider politicians their de facto leaders . 
  now people are starting to understand that politicians work for the people . 
  i employ them . 
  they should work for me . 
  * yes , there is bad state of mind . 
  this is because the situation is fucking bad . 
  they will get bored at some point and just hand us over the russians . 
  our politicians would love the rule russia-style . 
  all russia has to do now is throw some money to the romanian political class . 
  if this happens , they will publicly criticize the eu for intervening in the country 's internal affairs . 
  then , romania is fucked . 
  the question you should be asking yourself is : are the ones getting arrested guilty or not ? 
  since the flag next to you tells me you live in romania , do you have any doubt that hundreds if not thousands of public service workers are corrupt ? 
  if so , you are severely deluded . 
  it is far from normal to eliminate `` influence trafficking '' and `` abuse in an official dignity '' from the penal code . 
  this just providing those in power the liberty to steal anything without any consequences . 
  this law literally legalizes corruption . 
  on top of that here 's some other stuff they try to sneak in during the holidays ( hoping people wo n't notice ... ffs ) change the law so that : stealing less than 100.000 euros would result in just a mention on the record . 
  stealing 500.000 euros would be ok as long as you give half back if you get caught . 
  release from jail all those that have less that 6 years of jail to serve if they were sentenced for illegal economic activities ( you know , their buddies need to be home for holidays ) . 
  to address your politically motivated argument , i present one opposition mayor arrested and sentenced [ by the same courts ] ( http://www.nineoclock.ro/sorin-apostu-sentenced-to-3-years-and-6-months-in-jail-without-bail/ ) many other similar example can be found . 
  i 'm not a big fan of the president , but by comparison to the government/parliament this guy is virgin mary , santa claus and jesus crist all in one . 
  hes is literally the only person that holds a high-level public office and does n't try to steal the shit out of you . 
  here 's some more . 
  [ romanian mps decriminalise political corruption ] ( http://euobserver.com/justice/122424 ) [ romanian parliament sparks harsh international reactions with vote to provide immunity against corruption charges ] ( http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-top_news-16183247-romanian-parliament-sparks-harsh-international-reactions-with-vote-provide-immunity-against-corruption-charges.htm ) [ us embassy point of view - notice the strong language ] ( http://romania.usembassy.gov/policy/media/pr-12112013.html ) [ the judges are pissed ] ( http://www.unjr.ro/comunicate-de-presa.htm?pag=1 ), 
  google translate : i 've been thinking about it again from scratch . 
  not for a really long time . 
  core issue is that education is still not where it should be . 
  in order to reach nordic standards our small country needs to invest a lot in education . 
  then , the newly educated could do this . 
  this takes 30-40 years , not 10-15, 
  i know things have somewhat settled now , but he is correct . 
  `` waste on greece '' is exactly what happens with the money if the greek people do n't even try to better themselves . 
  frankly , the eu countries should n't just pony up the money just because oh , my , `` it 's a nation ! '' . 
  so , what if it 's a nation ?
