  if you deal with the whole block ( the eu ) then it seems a bit disproportionate to single out a country and have different policy with that one . 
  you would never handle a treaty with the us in terms of `` all except wisconsin , because they have huge crime rate '' , would you ? 
  edit : personally , i think the eu should negotiate the visa programs for the entire block , so this is mostly an internal eu issue . 
  canada is , of course , free to adopt and enforce laws as it sees fit in order to protect its citizens . 
  nope , schengen changes nothing . 
  gov assistance depends on the country they are in . 
  even if they do n't qualify for assistance , they can not be kicked out , even today . 
  edit : this is why france tried paying them 300 eur to leave voluntarily . 
  they can not be kicked out . 
  as it is today , they are legally allowed to permanently move to any eu country , find jobs ( as if they wanted them ) . 
  they are not `` third-party nationals '' , they ( romanian/bulgarian/hungarian . . etc gypsies ) are citizens of an eu member state and already enjoy all the rights that derive from this . 
  schengen changes nothing for average joe ( if joe is a citizen of an eu country ) . 
  it 's about companies and freight border controls . 
  romania joining schengen area would have no impact on freedom of movement , just for traffic of goods . 
  the gypsies are free to go anywhere they want in europe and they are doing it . 
  nothing would change with regard to immigration . 
  i suppose the risk is in allowing romania to issue schengen visas . 
  i would be willing to bet money it is easier to get a visa from , say , belgium for whatever pc reason ( gay , persecution . . etc ) than from romania . 
  given our recent history , movement control is something we have figured out . 
  considering we seem to be at a deficit with regards to imports , i say apart from some increased transportation costs , we do n't lose much . 
  the current pm is fighting this because it frikin ' sucks to fulfill all the criteria ( inclusing stupid expensive border control and monitoring systems bought from germany and france ) and be left out just because ... 
  good !, 
  in romania there are german r&d centers with over 4000 employees , half of them working in engineering fields . 
  in the uk there are lots of romanian doctors and engineers . 
  i personally know quite a few . 
  i get job offers from uk ( including relocation expenses ) monthly on linkedin . 
  frankly , most of your big cities only seem attractive to me as tourist destinations . 
  somehow , the uk seems to be focused on the worst they get from the arrangement . 
  it 's not like the uk does n't have their own scum . 
  i mean , fuck it , round up the beggars and lock them up if they break the law . 
  no law ? 
  make one !, 
  i am so sick of the generalization that goes on all the time involving this little country . 
  yes , there are a lot of issues but as slowly as things are moving , they are moving in the good direction , after all . 
  basically , you only want to reap the benefits but have no responsability . 
  you still get the best profesionals we have , the brain drain is a problem , yet some the people of uk want `` out '' because of some beggars . 
  all in all , in the long term , no single eu country will matter economically when matched against china , india and the us . 
  so , go ahead and break the eu . 
  then , you can sit on your little island and live the time at the end of which you become irrelevant to the world . 
  romania was not ready to join the eu . 
  i 'm glad we did , because some of us benefited from it , but we were definitely not ready . 
  the money made available by the eu were supposed to be used to bring local industries , agriculture included , on level playing field with the western european businesses ( technological fast track ) . 
  this did not happen due to lack of knowledge of how to use the money and corrpution that sipohned a lot of it . 
  now the money is close to running out and very few businesses have actually improved themselves in a meaningfull way . 
  this is a measure that tries to `` fix '' the lack of development in the agricultural sector . 
  it is , without a doubt , protectionism and most likely illegal . 
  you are correct . 
  the one you posted is the more recent one . 
  too many tabs . 
  people will speak at work whatever language they have in common , regardless of official sanction . 
  worst case , it will mean more translators working to translate everything in french/german . 
  maybe not part of the `` pure '' culture and customs . 
  but it 's hard to say it 's not part of the current culture when a 5 yo gypsy kid , living in one of the most expensive properties in my city ( they bought that with begging money , allegedly ) will try to grab random women on the street and then curse and spit on you if you tell them that 's wrong . 
  all this while his mother ( i supose because she seemed to have some authority ) not only did n't say anything to calm the kid down , but started also defending the kid when i told him to back off . 
  these are not poor people , so how can one explain this kind of behavior ? 
  frankly , i do n't think they care about any form of acceptance from the comunity at large and i do n't think they see any point in showing respect , in any form , to anyone but their fellow families . 
  well , some of the roma minority are romanians . 
  they were born here and hold a romanian passport so there 's that . 
  i 've said this before , but the reaction we get from western europe is kind of fun to watch . 
  people think romanians isolated roma , gave them no chance at a normal life and now they are overflowing western and northen europe . 
  however , this is completely not true . 
  lots of efforts were made to educate this minority ( they have no-exam access to universities when everybody else had to take an exam ) . we tried forcing their kids to attend school ( by holding out social benefits unless they do ) , some were given housing , jobs ... etc. 
  it did n't work . 
  they have their own culture , one where : * petty theft is encouraged * education is seen as both useless and attack on their `` way of life '' * there is no honor system you could identify with ; begging/stealing is very honorable if it yelds money * they have absolutely no regard whatsoever for any form of organized society . 
  point in case : the entire clan ( 100people ) will force entry to hospitals in order to visit their relative , even harassing doctors in the process . 
  call the police , prepare for a good fight . 
  while the civilized world will teach their kids to be kind to strangers , do n't beat other kids up , do n't steal , keep clean . . etc they will do the opposite . 
  romania was criticized a lot for not `` integrating them '' . 
  a few of them have moved to western europe and everyone is in shock when they do n't want jobs , trash free housing when they get it , hide their kids from authorities when education opportunities are provided ( for free ) and generally shit on everything you hold dear . 
  good luck `` integrating '' them . 
  nope , you do not . 
  romanian , went all over europe using id card only . 
  good !, 
  well it is an emergency . 
  there previous govt already had plans since june 2016 . 
  the ecthr condamnation is not recent either . 
  i respectuflly disagree . 
  i think this should go trough the regular legislative path . 
  also , the dna comunique you linked quotes the consitutional court saying the change can be done using normal legislative process . 
  the constitution court declared that some parts of the law were anticonstitutional . 
  true , so the law must be changed . 
  however , the current proposal to change the law goes well above the recommendations made by the constituional court . 
  the law would basically be gutted . 
  a change of the law must be done , but not using a simplified procedure . 
  it should be done using the normal legislative process . 
  potential for abuse . 
  misplace a pen ? 
  the law was never ever used like that . 
  i understand the point you are trying to make , but let 's not kid ourselves . 
  it would be dishonest to say this proposal was not made especially for some politicians of the day . 
  these changes are meant to protect corrupts and create a bubble of protection for them . 
  here 's one example : currently , if two people take part in a curruption act , the one that spills the beans to the authorities get a pass on jail time , but still needs to pay back anythings he stole . 
  they want to change it so that if 6 month have passed from the time the law was broken , the one informing the authorities gets no benefit . 
  the problem the corrupts have with the current form of the law , is that if they commit acts of corruption , they can expect at any time to be `` sold '' to the authorities . 
  this creates uncertainty and risk for the evil-doer , and they do n't like that . 
  by reducing the term one party can go to authorities ( and get out with a light sentence ) to 6 months , it ensures that if two people take part in some corruption act , there is no incentive for any of them to come forward after six months . 
  this a ** peace of mind ** entry especially designed to make corruption `` safer '' . 
  this should not be acceptable . 
  the big problem , at least for me , is that this change of law was to be made using a simplified procedure reserved for emergency situations . 
  the current prison situation is not ok , and should be fixed , but not in this way .
