there is a stereotype that native english speaker have a hard time telling the difference between sweden and switzerland ( similiar to austria & australia ) , though i have no clue if there is any truth to it . 
  and poland particpated in the in the occupation of czechoslovakia in 38 along with germany . 
   germany : has n't met target since 1993 though it should be noted that germany 's reduction in military spending was part of the 4 +2 agreement . 
  greece actually had a german ( bavarian ) king after it gained independence in the 19th century . 
   my only fear is that i will need to learn german again : do n't blame us . 
  we tried to teach you to speak german in the past . 
  but the dutch get to actually use those nuke in case of wwiii under the nuclear sharing policy . 
  even the 2a6s ? 
  those were brand new ... 
  what happened to all those leopards 2 we sold you ? 
  putin once made a speech in the german bundestag entirely in german . 
  yes : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gulakkaj5q&amp;t=6m4s, 
  captain liechtenstein is an ally of captain america in marvel : http://marvel.wikia.com/captain_liechtenstein_%28earth-91119%29, 
  also any `` flirting '' ( or even the threat of it ) by the union could be seen as a warning at the fdp to get their act together since they are replaceable . 
  i am not sure that she does actually represent any actual faction within her party ( or even general ) but at most she has certain preferences . 
  instead she follows the paths that does require the least effort / has the lowest resistance ( for her ) . 
  will you please put some bars or something on the windows first ? 
  which stereotypes did seem to be true ? 
  would love to see the show for myself . 
  great , now you want to learn it . 
  where was that attitude in 1940 ? 
  it does sound rather strange but maybe they connect the gate with the wall and it 's fall ? 
  though the french seemed somewhat obsessed with the quadriga in the past . 
  you can sometimes find a version with english subtitles on youtube under the title `` generation war '', 
  before i was born my family spent some years in spain . 
  according to my father one of people he worked with there once desribed portugal as `` spain 's missing left sock '' . 
  maybe something was lost in translation . 
  the rumors of our lack of humour have been greatly exaggerated . 
  i can assure you that ve have vays to make you laugh . 
  actually it is . 
  german troops take part in the 14th july parade every year . 
  in 2007 the `` lead unit '' was even german and the whole parade was commanded by a german general . 
  if france is so unimportant , why does everyone always get so up in arms whenever we try to teach them to speak german ? 
  they already did that in 2009 . 
  is our military still welcome ? 
  or do we have to cancel the parade next month ? 
  no ( at least not up to and including the 2014 election ) , the new allocation of meps was already decided on years ago , and while germany does lose three seats ( the only nation to lose any ) , this has nothing to do with the recent census . 
  if you wish we could make your life more interesting . 
  ( after all , getting regulary invaded by germany is one of the few things that can unite belgians ), 
  due morbus crohn and severe food restrictions i have to consider myself lucky if i can eat five a week . 
  that does not seem to work anymore . 
  nowadays they invite our troops each year to parade through paris and asked the bundeswehr to set up a permanent base in alsace-lorraine . 
  it is not really an invasion if they invite you in . 
  well we did take the southern route in 1870 . 
  even worked rather well . 
  i was rather thinking about the stars , or rather how close it looks to australia 's flag . 
  australia 's canada , broken boot , nuke free , could really use a new flag, 
  and yet everyone gets up in arms every time we try to teach them german . 
  ( this is a joke . 
  i do not advocate invading france in any way . ), 
  the title and the name of the source kind of send mixed signals, 
  you might have to point out that cyprus is not white/part of europe . 
  based on his comment i have to assume that he would not be able to find the island on a map . 
  i assume posnania suggests that those settlers could be allowed to stay , but would not be citizens in the reunited new cyprus . 
  though to be fair , when it comes to making jokes about being incompetent at warfare we usually rather mock italians than the french . 
  that is not to say that we never indulge in this so alled `` french bashing '' ... hell one could say we invented it . . though with a more literal understanding of the term . 
  ( at least we seem to have kicked that bad habit ), 
  but when was the last time you did have a proper government ? 
  that . . should not come as a great shock considering how closely related dutch ( and it 's subfamilies ) and german are . 
  we ca n't always shun what 's foreign , things from far away are often fine . 
  real germans ca n't abide a frenchman , and yet they gladly drink his wine . 
  i can only guess but it might be in part due the their teachings . 
  to my understanding they have four `` gates '' every one must go through/understand . 
  first you have to learn , understand and respect the rules of the society you live in . 
  second you have to understand your own rights and desires third you have to understand the rights and desires of others and only after you have done this , you are ready to takepart in `` creating/changing '' the first gate . 
  so for alevi to demand any change or influence in the society they live in , they first have to learn , respect and follow the rules of said society , as well as the respects and desires of others ( as well as understanding their own ) . 
  though most likely my interpretation of their teaching is rather off . 
  i spent a few years doing volunteer work ( mostly tutoring ) in the local turkish community in my former hometown and got the impression that alevi turks are far better at integrating ( and interested in education ) than sunni turks . 
  of course this is just my view based on my personal experience and not really anything to draw conclusion from . 
  but they make good sailors though ( i am of course refering to the battle of lissa , in which the numerical and technological superior navy of italy was defeated by the austrian navy [ yes they used to have a navy . 
  it 's last renmants , two patrol boats , were decommissioned 2006 ] , which ships were mostly crewed by croatians . ), 
  well there has only been one other attemp . 
  the rest was just talk ( though the whole thing is a slow process that takes a long time . 
  which is in general a good thing . 
  banning politcal parties should neither be easy , fast or common ), 
  the title is a bit misleading . 
  there is still an attemp to get the npd banned ( started by the upper house ) . 
  the federal government has just decided not to join . 
  it will go forward anyway ( though the results are not certain ), 
  actually there are german troops in france right now , and you can expect to see the bundeswehr marching through paris on the 14th july . 
  so it was a bad day ? 
  claim you make mistakes on purpose so people wo n't think you are a grammar nazi ? 
  has finland ever been truelly accepted as a nordic/scandinavian country ? 
  actually even east germany stopped singing that song , and usually only played the meloday since the text called for a united germany , which did not fit with the gdr 's actual policy . 
  the tune was copied , though it is not certain what exactly was the original source . 
  i do n't hear much singing in that video . 
  i spend several moments wondering if i should crack a joke about how that would mean that you are scared of a small bunch of girls or something like that . 
  then i remembered i am german . 
  we ... we do n't really do that in germany anymore . 
  it scares the neighbours . 
  putin hold a whole speech in the bundestag in german a couple of years ago . 
  i believe he is worried that they might `` reap the rewards '' of others . 
  similar to what happened to the nazis . 
  most of the policies that helped germany recover were introduced before they came to power . 
  one of the most famous ones , the autobahn , was activly oppossed by the nsdap who decried it as a waste of tax money ( of course only until they were in control and saw the propaganda value of these projects ), 
  despite of my personal opinion of the man , there still should be an `` accused '' or `` allegedly '' somewhere in the title . 
  the reason the missles & troops are supplied by these countries is simply because they are the only ones within nato with the current upgraded version of the missle . 
  simplified , german belgians are much happier * with being belgian than flemisch or walloon belgians are . 
  * as far as germans are capable of feeling happinies of course, 
  portugal was part of the marshal plan ( as was most of western europe ) .
