  within germany , sylt and the baltic coast are popular vacation destinations in the north , with the alps and the black forest areas being more popular in the south . 
  within all of europe , spain and italy are probably the most common vacation destinations , although greece , norway , france , and austria are all fairly popular back ups . 
  myself , i prefer locations outside of europe honestly - east and southeast asia , south america , and the pacific are where i look for my holidays , although those are much more expensive . 
  but i figure , what 's the point of always seeing the same thing again , eh ? 
  after you post process nuclear fuel in a breeder reactor , it is only radioactive for a few hundred years before becoming completely inert , and it spends its life holed up where it 's not going to hurt anyone . 
  if i may point out , the carbon emissions from a coal plant take a few million years before they will return to the earth as coal , and they do plenty of damage in heating the planet in the meantime . 
  the little dangerous waste that a nuclear power plant generates is almost absurd to compare to what a single coal plant will produce in its lifetime , let alone a few dozen of them . 
  maybe he has experienced trouble , i would n't be overly surprised . 
  just like the american man who killed the indian guy because he thought he was a muslim , i would n't put very high hopes on someone from the afd to be able to distinguish between a persian or an arab ( or an african or an indian ) . 
  however , i think your friend is has an unrealistic view , which i guess i understand if he 's been holed up in norway and has n't actually been here . 
  germany is quite safe to travel in , and ( almost ) nobody is going to care that he is persian . 
  the very few who might , a neonazi or whatever , is n't going to have to balls to actually confront you guys , and the polizei are pretty active about combating harassment . 
  the only thing he has to lose is missing out on a great travel experience !, 
   ok , so i think it 's bad in general to rely on gas or coal for power while shutting down nuclear power plants ( looking at you germany ) \u0ca0_\u0ca0 yeeeeeeah . 
  we 're sorry about that , i at least do n't really get why she did it either . 
  nuclear power does n't generate any harmful emissions , it would have been much healthier than firing up coal plants which spout radioactive ash into the air all the time , it would be easily able to meet our power hunger , and the idea that we 're going to forfeit a front seat on nuclear science because of some hippy protesters is rather sad , and i am an environmentalist no less ... we would have saved a lot of damage if she 'd kept the nuclear plants running . 
  i 'm not sure if schleswig-holstein counts , but it is right next to denmark and everything , so i 'll assume it does . 
  the answer to your question is , pretty good !, 
  it 's very peaceful , prices are pretty low , crime is rare , healthcare is easy to get and generally pretty good , the environment is very healthy , and people are generally friendly and honest . 
  finding employment may be a small challenge if you want a full career , and i know a lot of foreigners do n't like the climate ; it rains quite a bit in schleswig-holstein , and on the days it does n't it 's usually overcast , so not a very good place for someone who does n't like cloudy weather . 
  however , it 's also usually very fresh , and the air is an absolute joy to breath after a rainstorm , particularly if you go near the beach or to one of the nature parks . 
  the temperatures are pretty moderate , although it does get rather windy in the winter , so a quality windbreaker or a thick jacket are must haves . 
  as to why not to move up here , well , finding employment can be difficult if you do n't speak german . 
  it 's also not necessarily the best state if you want to work in a long and advanced career , like scientist or programmer , because schleswig-holstein ca n't really compete with bavaria for pay and large companies ( although , maybe the pay cut is worth it to you ) . 
  people are naturally quite introverted , so that is something you would need to keep in mind . 
  lastly , there '' s also the climate ; if possible , it 'd probably be a good idea to come sometime and see for yourself . 
  winters can be quite tough , with the wind and rain and whatnot , and especially for people from southern climates or who have darker skin , seasonal affective disorder and vitamin d deficiencies are something you need to be very careful about . 
  is it the kind of place you would enjoy ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure , especially as it 's not quite scandinavia . 
  however , if you ever consider denmark seriously , you may also want to consider south of the border !, 
  this one is a self-contradiction . 
  i do n't think i could ever count a bird shitting on me as good luck ... 
  pretty good . 
  i tend to like most immigrants honestly , they are usually friendly and interesting people to talk too , and it 's always fascinating to see how things are different in another part of the world . 
  well , i am gay , so presumably not the best choice to decide if you are attractive or not , but it 's probably because you may be rather unusual . 
  i currently live in america actually , in hawaii to be exact , and i have a similar effect working in reverse ; it does n't make me any more attractive , but it does make people curious . 
  i 'm sure if i were to sit next to a pretty black lady who obviously does n't sound like she 's from around here , i would almost certainly find it interesting to talk to her . 
  americans tend to be much more rigid around racial matters too , so that may be a part of it - in most european countries , being black does n't carry a stigma at all by itself , as it does in america ; your nationality is much more of a factor . 
  that depends . 
  for land or renting out a house , i guess it is okay , if it 's actually being used somehow ; where i come from , it 's normal for people to buy a vacation house on an island and then leave it completely abandoned for almost the entire year , save for 2 weeks in july . 
  it drives rent prices enormously high , it makes this place look like a ghost town in winter ( < - although i personally do n't object to this too much ) , and it sucks up the real estate we have . 
  i do n't think it should be allowed , at least on sylt , because it is almost impossible for any remotely normal person to live there anymore . 
  you can share a house with another family starting for 2.500.000 euros ... 
  muenchen would be the traditional answer , and southern germany can get rather uppity , particularly when it comes to money and finances . 
  however , northern germans can be very smug as well ; it 's not going to be open sneering , in fact it 's actually rather subtle , but it you come from another part of germany or abroad , you can get it depending on where you are from ( \\* ahem \\* southern usa or bavaria \\* ahem \\* ) . 
  i went to seoul last year in late november , so perhaps not the best season , but it made the border to north korea look all the more intimidating , and the bunkers and infiltration tunnels where rather surreal to walk down . 
  seoul at night is so much more lively than seoul at day , and i thought it was pretty neat at least ; glad to hear it sounds like you are enjoying yourself !, 
  i second / u/alfarook on this one . 
  i lived in japan for a couple of years , and it 's a completely different experience than germany is ; given the sheer size and depth of things to do , from all of the historical museums to the amazing demonstrations of technology shows ( this could probably be better phrased ... ) to just exploring the sheer size of tokyo and all of its hidden corners , urban east asia is an incredibly vivid and humongous region . 
  i ca n't name one particular thing off the top of my head , but even just something like randomly wandering around on the subway is always going to be a real adventure , and i can easily see it being a strong pull for a lot of young people . 
  no german city , and definitely not oslo , are large enough for that . 
   non-europeans will find it increasingly hard to tell the different peoples apart as national lines begin to blur with time . 
  ach mensch , i doubt that . 
  we are a federation of different kingdoms , and we have been for hundreds of years , and yet you still ca n't mistake a schleswig-holsteiner for a bavarian , not even close , unless you have absolutely zero knowledge of germany - and many foreigners , especially those from asia , already struggle to tell europeans apart . 
  i do n't think it would change much from where we are at the moment . 
  yes , they do , but they use a crappy lock that requires a key . 
  i just left them in all the time because i did n't want to risk losing it . 
  american locks are much more convenient , usually a little button or switch , and i confess to much preferring that approach . 
  it 's also nice how they automatically unlock when you try to open the door , which is useful for emergencies ( or simply not having to remember to unlock it first . 
  i lived on sylt . 
  it 's an island that is famous for its tourists in germany , and there are tons ; the number of license plates from nordrhine-westphalia almost outnumbers those from schleswig-holstein itself . 
  i have nothing against tourists , and frequently am one myself , but the amount of trash thrown on our beaches is unnatural , especially when you know that the entire island ( and beaches ) is essentially a nature preserve . 
  it 's crazy . 
  as to hamburg , there are usually tourists year round , but not as many as berlin , and i think fewer than m\u00fcnchen . 
  you 'll still run into them though , and these are much nicer than those we get on sylt . 
  one i picked up in america , it 's to consume jelly filled donuts and cream soda , hopefully to be accompanied with wine next year when i can legally drink alcohol . 
  it 's too sweet for most days , but it actually is rather nice for that one day ... 
  there once was a german company , called trekstor , that had ambitions to make an mp3 player . 
  using apple as their guide , they named it the ... `` ibeat blaxx '' , and yes , they tried to market it in america . 
  it went down about as well as you expect ... 
  berlin 's not so bad , especially the eastern european and middle eastern immigrant communities . 
  it 's hamburg and m\u00fcnchen whee your pocket will start to squeeze ... 
  ehhhh , maybe . 
  i mean , as a gay man , middle eastern countries are n't exactly the kind of place i would associate with a relaxing atmosphere . 
  that being said , they contain tons of history which i personally find fascinating , and i know the people can be incredibly warm and hospitable . 
  maybe iran someday ... . 
  space merkel 2017 , let 's go !, 
  i favor supremacy for even more fourth reichy-ness , although purity-supremecy is probably the most fourth-reichy of them all . 
  mixed success with mixing affinities though , i prefer sticking with one all the way . 
  utter shit . 
  i had to use the german catalogue when i went back home over the summer , and it was * terrible * ; almost all of the shows i liked were gone , and i did n't find anything that really caught my interest . 
  it felt rather limited , and looking at this map , i can see why , with a catalogue half the size . 
  that being said , i do realize i 'm complaining about not having access to thousands more hours of shows than i can ever watch ... 
  pretty easy , although i 've heard things have changed a bit of the past couple of years . 
  still , unemployment is quite low , and if you work in any sort of skilled trade or high knowledge profession ( programmer , professor , doctor , teacher , etc. 
  ) , a middle class life should be * easily * obtainable , and you can live quite well actually with a bit of luck and perseverance . 
  foreigners though do face some difficulties if they do n't speak german though ... 
  in civ v : korea , germany , japan , denmark , or polynesia , depending on what i 'm feeling like . 
  polynesia 's a ton of fun by the way , even if i 'm not sure it 's a very good choice competitively speaking . 
  in civ vi : so far , mostly germany and japan , although admittedly i have n't played very much . 
  looking forward to trying out america and norway sometime soon , maybe today even now that you mention it . 
  civ v : beyond earth ( re ) : integr , integr all the way . 
  although yes , the game is n't much different than civ v and i think it has some weaknesses , it 's actually surprisingly decent ; if you get it in a bundle , it 's definitely worth playing a few times to see if you like it . 
  austrians who speak german as a * 2nd * language ? 
  i know the country has a lot of eastern europeans , but i would have thought by now they all grew up speaking german ... 
  why latin , out of curiosity ? 
  latin was never spoken ( to my knowledge ) in germany , denmark , sweden , estonia , poland , lithuania , latvia , austria , liechtenstein , and maybe a few more places , outside of the church . 
  almost all of these countries nowadays have a significant non-church population , and given that latin has failed to evolve many new words + a lack of an existing base of speakers would make it a significantly less useful national language than english . 
  your us example is misleading . 
  that only applies to domestic law , and it only applies to not enforcing a * federal * law ; local governments must enforce state law .
