  ( and i mean people who are actually from there / the countries themselves , not born and raised americans of whatever descent ) . 
  people generally tend to over generalize negative traits in others , and much like the congo or bangladesh may be viewed as backwards countries in america , the us is percieved that way by a fair number of europeans . 
  while not all americans are hyper conservative and redneck , and i think many europeans inaccurately accept this view , almost all of us politics is dominated by them , and many societal values ( beating your kids for disobeying , the death penalty , leaving your poor without access to medical care ) that are held by them are completely at odds with what most of europe would consider acceptable . 
  also , donald trump is almost enough himself of an explanation . 
  i do n't think it 's purely right , but it is the way it is , and frankly i think it 's fairly understandable if you 've never lived in the us . 
  full disclosure : i am an american citizen as well as a german one , and i am one of the stronger critics of the us on this sub . 
  that being said , i try to make my arguments fair , so i 'm not sure if i fall in your category or not . 
  i absolutely think that much of what is going on today in the us is appalling though , and i am even more dismayed at people 's reactions to it - and i wo n't apologize for my views . 
  umm ... 
  excuse me ? 
  it 's part of our legal system . 
  committing a crime does not absolve you of your rights , and frankly i shudder to think of living in a society where you can be stripped of those at will . 
  moreover , you completely skipped past my first point . 
  where are you from , if i may ask ? 
  in my opinion , it 's because the death penalty can not be reversed . 
  there have been plenty of cases where people were executed and then later exonerated ; if they were killed , they can never be brought back to life . 
  besides , the right to life is a right of the human , as established in our charter of fundamental rights . 
  no criminal , no matter the crime , waives their basic rights . 
  hopefully something [ like this . 
  ] ( http://i1-news.softpedia-static.com/images/news2/sid-meier-s-civilization-beyond-earth-rising-tide-for-linux-review-495481-3.jpg ), 
  do n't need to take a dna test , i know my ethnicity . 
  part lithuanian , part norwegian , part swiss , part welsh . 
  hilariously enough , not very much actual german , as my family immigrated here . 
  i do n't think anyone would be able to tell though . 
  no idea , i assume in the 60 's . 
  i 'm pretty young , but for even my mother it was apparently acceptable , so ... 
  evidently , not many , judging by your gracing us with your presence . 
  generally , cereal + fruit + rolls + coffee for breakfast , fish / soup with rolls and tea for lunch , and sandwiches + fruit + tea for dinner . 
  add bratwurst , mustard , sauerkraut , schnitzel , buletten , and whatever else you like to taste . 
  northern germany 's not a bad place to live , schleswig-holstein and hamburg especially ( if you can find employment ) . 
  it 's cheap , and possess a climate very similar to denmark ; it 's colder than charlotte and atlanta , and it 's very cloudy and rainy during the winter , but it also has fairly mild winters , and there 's no natural disasters ( flooding , earthquakes , hurricanes , etc. ), 
  that naturally occur there . 
  schools are generally pretty good , and infrastructure is also good ; parks , playgrounds , and other amenities for children are not particularly hard to find , and if you live near a city , quite easy in fact . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.travel1000places.com/resv/destination_img/de/kiel/kiel-event-bootshafensommer_780.jpg ) | [ are ] ( http://airlines-airports.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/germany-hamburg.jpg ) | [ a ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c5/flensburg_willy-brandt-platz.jpg ) | [ few ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/f2wb25/19012015-flensburg-schleswig-holstein-germany-at-the-comenius-school-f2wb25.jpg ) | [ examples ] ( http://www.beachguide.org/images/undefined514f575f25a79_strand_westerland.jpg ) of what it may look like . 
  more specifically , you 'll probably want a city , or at least an initial guess . 
  for the starter foreigner , hamburg ( not in schleswig-holstein itself but just outside and still in the same region ) would be excellent ; you have a large foreign community , many amenities , it matches the big cities you mention , and there 's even an american consulate located there to help with passports , meeting people , and potentially other services like helping you find a house , helping you manage american taxes , or any other information you may require ( incidentally , it 's also one of america 's oldest , having been established as far back as 1790 ) . 
  however , hamburg is also very expensive , so if you do have 2-4 kids , living conditions might be rather cramped ( although , hamburg does have some suburbs such as barmbek and poppenb\u00fcttel that i 've heard are fantastic for raising a family . 
  in these places , you can probably get a full size house ) . 
  in schleswig-holstein itself , kiel would be a good bet , as it 's the capital and largest city of the state . 
  it 's not as beautiful as hamburg nor does it have as many amenities , but cost of living is lower , and if you want a quieter lifestyle , it may be the better choice . 
  i ca n't compare hamburg 's suburbs to kiel 's though , as i only lived in hamburg itself . 
  flensburg and l\u00fcbeck are other options to consider - both are smaller than kiel , so same situation , just a bit stronger . 
  i advise you to look into these areas and see if they 're right for you ; they have many of the qualities you seek . 
  however , you do need to watch out for some things first . 
  first off , if you 're not an eu citizen or you 're significant other is n't either , you will need a work permit , and to get one of those , you 'll generally need a job offer . 
  obviously , i do n't know what your field of employment is , so you 'll need to look into that yourself . 
  even if you manage to get a visa however , you 'll also need a bit of money to get you through the first couple of months ; in other words , make sure you have some spare savings that can last for a brief while . 
  lastly , you 'll also need to get over the culture hurdal ; while english is commonly known , especially among younger people , you will need to prepare to learn at least some german , and your kids would also have to learn it ( although kids are amazing adaptable , that wo n't be a problem , but you 'll need to be comfortable with them picking it up ) . 
  germans , especially northerners , also tend to be quite direct and rather introverted ; if you come from a more extroverted and relaxed culture , this may surprise you at first . 
  whatever happens , best of luck in your search for a new home !, 
  if they want to pursue it , that 's their prerogative . 
  however , there 's more to life than just money ; `` ambition '' ! = `` rich '' . 
  saying you 're ambitious because you want to be rich is like saying someone 's generous because they crave approval . 
  however , if they * did * manage to become rich ( which i assume is your argument ) , there would be a strong expectation that they give their fair share back to the community - at the very minimum , dodging taxes through borderline illegal means is *** heavily *** frowned upon , whereas that 's somewhat celebrated in the usa . 
  likewise , rich/ambitious people are generally expected to be tasteful - for example , to value experiences over material possessions , to give to charity , etc. 
  there 's nothing impressive about a toilet built out of solid gold , and that 's seen as majorly tacky here , which again i do n't really think is the case within the usa . 
  we do n't frown upon wealth / ambition like some of our more eastern neighbors , but we do n't particularly celebrate it either - most people are wealthy either from luck or by inheritance / familial connections . 
  what you do relative to where you start is much more valued , and if you perform a public service ( researcher / aid worker / school teacher / etc. 
  ) , that can be more highly valued than having seven zeroes in your paycheck . 
  germany 's is generally quite good , medical competancy is excellent and wait times usually are very good - and there 's always private insurance if you want even quicker access . 
  i will say though , our healthcare system does struggle with specialties ; we have tons of small little hospitals that provide general care , but if you need some form of special surgery or a particular dermatologist or whatever , you are going to have to travel rather far . 
  you may also be using a mobile client , perhaps relay ? 
  in which case , you 'll only see the flair text , but not the flag , next to names . 
  i 'm not really sure we need to reclaim our city centers . 
  hamburg and especially berlin have always been filled to the brim with foreigners , and that 's fine ; it brings us tax income , and although they may sometimes be a little difficult to converse with , i always found it interesting to chat with foreigners . 
  other german cities , like kiel and flensburg , do n't really have much of a tourism problem - kiel in particular would actually prefer many more , but nobody seems very interested ( which is sort of understandable ) . 
  sylt ist a special case though . 
  it would be nice to reclaim my island from 5.000.000 $ houses and 2.500.000 $ apartments , and the tourists who come here , rich as they may be , tend not to behave themselves very well . 
  i lived in new hampshire , massachusetts , and rhode island , which are all states that are right next to maine - particularly in new hampshire , i sometimes traveled there to visit family . 
  i do not like maine very much , at least not what 's compared to nearby . 
  it 's rather expensive but does n't provide all the amenities massachusetts does nor the ideal location of rhode island , and it 's also rather large for new england which means a lot of driving . 
  it 's still new england though , and i 'd very quickly take maine ( even if it 's the worst part of new england ) over any other region except for maaaaaybe the pacific northwest and perhaps hawaii . 
  i do n't think i 'm very compatible with much of the us these days . 
   example : if insurance company 1 sells a police service for 1000 $ a month but only 10 % of the population can afford it , then another capitalist can found insurance company 2 and offer a police service for 500 $ a month which is much more affordable and thus 70 % of the population can be covered . 
  the owner of insurance company 2 sees this and lowers his prices as well because he wants his company to stay competitive . 
  the owner of insurance company 2 is then encouraged to lower his prices as well and so on . 
  in combination with basic supply and demand a market equilibrium is reached where the prices stabilise . 
  sure . 
  and soon you 'll see the ugly side of this ; company 1 buys out company 2 . 
  oops , no more competitors . 
  company 3 tries to get started , so company 1 sends some thugs over to arrest them and throw them into their prison . 
  what 's the government going to do ? 
  they do n't have any police or ability to compel the release of the prisoners , outside of an unenforceable legal agreement . 
  soon , company 1 decides to raise the prices , and if you leave , the penalty is prison - not that you have any place else to go . 
  they raise prices again . 
  and again . 
  and soon , nobody has any money remaining , save for the absolute bare essentials to survive . 
  this is what a world without government looks like , not like the fantasy world libertarians dream of . 
  you wan na see this in real life ? 
  i suggest to check out somalia or the boko haram controlled parts of nigeria . 
  there is no government , no taxes , nothing ; you are free to start a business with zero regulations , you are free to set your own prices , you can pay for your own private protection , and you can build whatever roads you want . 
  of course , this means others have the freedom to do whatever they want themselves , and i believe the idea of some crazy terrorist taking your money from you by force probably does n't appeal to you , does it ? 
  you want all of the freedom of anarchism without any of the negative consequences , and guess what , such a society does n't ( and * ca n't * ) exist . 
  if you want the closest possible thing to that though , i * can * suggest moving to the usa , if you can somehow secure a visa . 
  i mean this seriously , i think you would like the midwestern parts of it , it 's ( somewhat ) like you describe ; you get the healthcare you pay for , you can buy and hire your own protection if you want , and the libraries are whenever you can put together a successful kickstarter . 
  and for that , you get 0 % state income tax in some of them . 
  generally the same as usual . 
  some m\u00fcsli with chopped fruit , a bagel or some form of pastry , coffee , and something extra ( sometimes nuts , sometimes more fruit , occasionally sausage if i feel like it ), 
  my pain in living in america as a university student . 
  i can deal with the constant sun , i can live with the politics , i can even tolerate the constant smalltalk .
