  however , iceland is still a very nice little country , i adore all of the nordics , and maybe if i personally visited iceland myself i would change my mind . 
  i 'm sure the geothermal vents must be quite a sight to see !, 
  umm ... well , obviously that varies . 
  some women love foreigners , others do n't . 
  then , of ccourse which part of europe ? 
  europe is a massive continent with dozens of countries , each of which have very different attitudes . 
  the russians are , as a whole , less ... enthused with americans than the french are , for example . 
  assuming however that you click and everything , generally , yeah , it would n't be seen any weirder than an american with a foreign girlfriend in america . 
  planning on moving back to the us for your family , eh , now that might be difficult . 
  the us has pretty restrictive terms for visas , and getting a marriage one now is a lot harder than it used to be - and obviously , that means committing to marriage , something that 's generally less common than in america . 
  plus , most europeans probably do n't want to leave their homes behind for a country so far away , especially depending on the parts of america specifically . 
  convincing a german to leave behind berlin in favor of texas , for example , is going to be a very hard sell , racially when it comes to raising a family . 
  however , it 's really too far ahead to say anything . 
  how about you focus on first getting to the eu and then see what life throws your way , hmm ? 
  make sure not to vote for any party that supports it . 
  outside that , maybe in the future , we 'll have a more decentralized internet , one in which this issue wo n't really matter . 
  until then , however , the best you can do is use your voting power and make sure that nobody who is against net neutrality gets your vote . 
  if they 're not in office , they ca n't pass their shitty policies , hmm ? 
  so , you 're each a little right . 
  while puerto ricans live in puerto rico , they lack the ability to vote , but so do any american citizens who move there . 
  i possess american citizenship , for example , but if i moved there , i would lose my right to vote for president , and conversely , if they move away from puerto rico , they regain those rights just as any normal american citizen does . 
  when you hear about the bill of rights not entirely applying , it 's because puerto ricans have the option of drafting their own , which they did . 
  it covers much or all of what the national bill of rights does , however , so in practice , they have all or nearly all of the same rights that any american citizen living on the mianland does . 
  this is important because there is another territory , american samoa , that is much closer to what you describe ; the people born there are born as american * nationials * , not citizens , and so they have almost all of the same rights as citizens ( free movement , constitution applies , etc. ), 
  but they do n't have the right to vote at all , and it does n't matter where they move . 
  the only way they can get the right to vote is to immigrate like a foreigner would , taking the test and everything , even though they are americans in every single other respect . 
  if you 're wondering why it 's like this , it 's because of a treaty related to when the us annexed the islands from germany , and the legislative body ( congress ) never got around to fixing or changing that , even though it makes no sense today at all . 
  it 's been very optimistic for the eu in general , and here 's hoping that optimism can be put to good use . 
  as to whether i would move to france , there 's little reason too - i 'm happy studying where i am , and if i return , i 'd move to northern germany or somewhere in scandinavia before i do france . 
  the culture 's very different , the language is much different , and there 's little of a pull factor , for france . 
  the afd largely fell apart , partially as a result of trump being a devastating analogy , partially because brexit reminded everyone what we have to lose if the eu were to break up . 
  at this point , they 've largely devolved to infighting , and many of their former constituents are moving to the cdu . 
  it 's not too surprising , germany has always been a pretty hostile environment for extremists on either end of the spectrum , and the proportional representation system makes it very hard to gain any significant power if you ca n't cooperate with other parties . 
  my boyfriend is blonde haired and blue eyed , i 'm brown haired and blue-grey eyed , and each of us thinks the other is sexy , so you can chalk another one up to that . 
  i 'm inclined to agree with you - i 've always found blonde hair and blue eyes sexy , whereas he thinks the contrast is too little and prefers darker hair with lighter eyes . 
  maybe it 's a genetic thing , sort of like how many people are attracted to foreigners ? 
  probably professor / engineer . 
  generally , anything that requires extensive skill or knowledge is highly regarded , since germans usually pride themselves on that . 
  * of course , for such a rule based country , i 'm sure lawyer and studying of law are quite highly regarded * / s, 
  also , not going to lie , i thought this was / r/askanamerican for a moment ... 
  probably indiana 's . 
  arizona 's , colorado 's , new mexico 's , and alaska 's are all close behind though , and ohio 's is ... interesting , if only it were n't so busy . 
  maryland 's is bad , so awfully awfully bad , that it becomes good because it 's distinctive - if nothing else . 
  new hampshire 's is n't quite the worst , but god , it 's absolutely terrible and looks like a 5 year old made it in microsoft paint . 
  if it were n't so old , it 'd have redesigned it long before now ... 
  you wish it were , in much the same way you wish you actually had a girlfriend . 
  \\* ahem \\* if they 're asking on a subreddit called / r/askeurope , they probably want recommendations on , well , europe . 
  err , no . 
  it 's based in san francisco , most if not all of the owners and employees are american , a solid majority of the users of this website are american , etc. 
  is ikea a global company ? 
  it 's almost as global as reddit is . 
  i remember using sch\u00fclervz !, 
  that was a long time ago though , i wonder if my profile is still on there anymore ... 
  i was [ very confused ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kampen_%28sylt%29 ) for a moment , i did n't recall kampen as a large trading port of anything at all \\ ^ ~ \\ ^, 
  hungary / poland , in all honesty . 
  they suck up a huge amount of money and investment , and while i do n't have a problem with that in and of itself because the eu is more than just money , the way they moan and bitch about it is really irritating . 
  nothing against you personally or anything , absolutely , but your government * does * have a lot of nerve to take my tax money and then complain i 'm not doing enough . 
  coming from northern germany ( schleswig-holstein is as north as it gets ) , religion is usually seen as a private matter , as many personal things are ; only about of the population is religious at all , and a good half of * that * does n't attend church . 
  nobody cares if you do or do n't , but if you make a scene or a big fuss about it ( e.g the televangelicals in america ) you will be either ridiculed or ignored , and a lot of what is permissible in america under freedom of religion is not permissible in germany ( scientology , for example , is not a legal religion here , it 's a cult and monitored by our version of the nsa ) . 
  however , we do allow churches to require taxes of their members and the state does help them collect it , which is n't allowed in the us . 
  however , i do feel i should also point out that the churches do have to pay a collection fee for doing so ( to cover the extra costs incurred ) , can only require that their own consenting members pay , and are totally free to collect taxes themselves ( and not have to pay the fee ) . 
  it 's a similar thing here . 
  the discrepancy between the number of germans who identify as christian and the ones who actually pay the church tax is quite large ... 
  everyone in europe * does * need to speak english . 
  it 's a requirement to join the eu , actually , that you teach english to your country 's students ; it 's one of the reasons why english is so prevalent on the continent , because if it were n't , most people probably would n't bother or would take a more immediate language . 
  that 's pretty ridiculous . 
  if we extend them human status , that also means we extend them human responsibilities ; how on earth is a chimpanzee going to pay taxes ? 
  attend school ? 
  follow the laws ? 
  on top of that , the great apes do n't show human intelligence ; they do n't retain a lifelong curiosity and desire to learn , they ca n't apply predictive knowledge beyond basic situations , and they do n't demonstrate many logical skills . 
  that 's not to say they are n't intelligent on some level , but they do n't even approach humans . 
  i think it 's also worth mentioning just how different parts of germany can be . 
  to be honest , you and bavaria probably have more in common with each other than bavaria does with schleswig-holstein , despite us being the same country and austria being an independent nation . 
  even if austria joined the country of germany , somehow , germany is so different in parts that you 'd never fit in with the northern states . 
  that 's fine and everything , but the idea that just by merging we 'll fuse together into one homogeneous country is a little high in the sky ... 
  in all honesty , that 's a pretty wise approach actually . 
  we sit around and complain all day . 
  seriously , it is a national sport ; virtually anything , from how we ( the eu ) have to be more independent to why the garbage man was 27 seconds late to what merkel shit this morning after breakfast , is a valid topic for debate and or criticism . 
  we lost internet for 6 hours on a remote island in the north sea during a powerful sea storm that damaged boats ? 
  totally valid for complaining about the government 's inefficiency and the woes of our time . 
  but * gott beh\u00fcte * somebody else infringe our sacred ritual , that can not be tolerated ... 
  i 'm just a generic brown haired , blue eyed , rosy faced college student , so people can guess anywhere from america to sweden , although for some reason canada comes up all the time . 
  i 've moved a lot in my life , so i have kind of a weird accent - americans insist i come from canada and germans think i come from denmark or norway . 
  at this point , if i could say citizen of the world , i probably would ... 
  at one point in time , maybe . 
  turkey under attaturk , for example , would have been in with europe perfectly fine . 
  however , under erdogon , the country is becoming increasingly religious , conservative , and is moving toward an undemocratic dictatorship . 
  the muslim part is n't what scares me , it 's the authoritarianism and assault on secularism that are a far greater concern , and i think these are also problems with america as well ( to a lesser extant , however ) . 
  no , those are overblown fears . 
  for one thing , many european countries were already immigrant to begin with ; what 's the swiss identity , for example ? 
  the german portion ? 
  the french portion ? 
  the italian portion ? 
  they all feel they are swiss . 
  germany 's another good example ; although bavaria is quite popular , northern germans are very different , and there are days i feel i have more in common with denmark or norway than i do with my fellow citizens . 
  a few more immigrants wo n't change anything . 
  secondly , many of them are normal people just like you and i , and they have no interest in enforcing themselves on us . 
  some of them left war and hell behind to come live with us , and i think they just want peace ; they 're not a very active electorate group . 
  thirdly , immigrants do n't change the host country unless they arrive in substantial numbers . 
  most refugees attend german schools , learn and eventually speak german , buy from german shops , and ride the same trains we do .
