  can confirm . 
  i am half german and half american ( and yes i 've lived in both ) , so i read and post in both subreddits . 
  i 've been saying this exact thing over there , multiple times , that one of the great problems we have is our unwillingness to accept criticism ; most people there respond with at best , apathy , and at worst rather extreme hostility - one guy sent me a pm threatening he 'd dump my body in a river . 
  in the middle , you have people who will quite simply dismiss anything they do n't want to hear as fake news , and if you express any sort of disagreement , you will start hearing people use words like `` traitor '' and `` unamerican '' , all the while proclaiming free speech and that they do n't have a problem . 
  trying to hold an argument with anyone that puts maga in their flair is an absolute exercise in futility , and one that i 've long since abandoned . 
  i 'm not even being partisan , no matter what end of the political spectrum you come from , go read breitbart or infowars , and then internalize that 47 % of the country thinks exactly like that . 
  it 's incredibly scary . 
  they are probably far more romantic - in germany at least , personal displays of affection are generally pretty restrained , and most couples ( in my experience ) seem to meet through some sort of common interest , be it mutual friends , and favored activity , school , etc. 
  in berlin it might be different , but the idea of just randomly hooking up with or dating someone is much more restrained . 
  sexually ? 
  probably not . 
  homosexuality for example is still quite taboo/controversial in france and italy at least , and i do n't think any of the romance countries have legalized brothels ( although whether those bans are actually enforced , i do n't know ) . 
  in contrast , we have the world 's largest gay population relative to our population , we have fully legalized and regulated brothels , we have tons of kinky porn , nudity can be shown on tv and even in kid 's shows , and just in general people tend to be pretty accepting of sex and nudity as a normal function of humans . 
  i think it 's served us quite well . 
   i do n't think it takes much to be more sexually open than usanians though . 
  they seem very conservative on all fronts , including sex and nudity . 
  they do n't seem , they generally are . 
  teaching any sort of sexual education in the us is hugely controversial - only about 30 ( out of 50 ) states teach children about aids , and of those , only 24 require anything more . 
  of those 24 , only 20 require that the information taught is actually * accurate * ( you can imagine where this goes ) , and every single one of them allows the parents to opt their children out for any reason whatsoever , and none of them require that children be taught about homosexuality or birth control , for example ( and to my knowledge , none of them do ) . 
  it 's a very conservative system that does n't teach kids anything . 
   btw are they really more religious than the us ? 
  could be . 
  i mean , this really depends on where in the us you are talking about ; on the northeast and west coasts , people are generally about as religious as they are here in germany , whereas the southern and midwestern parts are significantly more so ( many communities are quite literally built around the local church ) . 
  for what it 's worth , at least from the north german point of view , bavarians tend to sound overly effusive and insincere - and the standard of what counts as private and what 's acceptable for strangers vs friends can be uncomfortably ... different . 
  i personally find it pretty fascinating how even though all of us hear the exact same things , we interpret each other 's actions completely differently , and we have completely opposite expectations for how we are supposed to behave . 
  nonetheless , i hope your friends enjoyed their time in germany / austria !, 
  i 'd love to go myself someday . 
  i am a leftist , but i think the rightwing parties are right on two major points ; we should absolutely be investing more into our military , and nuclear power is most definitely something we should keep around . 
  the former because the usa / nato has become increasingly unreliable , and we have the best training , largest population , and one of the best positions on the continent . 
  we ca n't rely on the french to fight our combat for us , if it really comes to that , and the formation of either an eu army or greatly strengthening the one we have is going to be a necessity sooner or later . 
  nuclear power , because while i love that green energy has come such a far way , it still has environmental impacts ; windmills kill birds and can be absolutely dangerous when they break , and dams have such a huge effect on local wildlife that they 're worse in some cases than a natural gas plant would be ( particularly how they choke off life in rivers and prevent natural and healthy flooding ) . 
  modern nuclear plants are incredibly safe , ca n't meltdown the way older ones could , can produce so much power we could sell it off to other countries for yet more income , and have virtually no harmful effects on the surrounding wildlife . 
  they make so much sense , if only they did n't cost so much . 
  also , on a sidenote , i respect merkel , even if i do n't always agree with her . 
  she 's made some mistakes , and some of her ideas are crazy ( data minimization is a bad thing ? 
  really ? 
  ) , but she generally makes very practical choices ( siding with the left on environmental care , keeping a strong hold on companies and private businesses ) , and if nothing else she has more experience than anyone else . 
  i 'm not sure how well some of our prospective candidates would deal with putin , and while i 'll be voting spd , i wo n't be that upset when the cdu inevitably wins , whereas the usa elections were truly crushing . 
  i am going to interpret your post as a theoretical thought experiment rather than a serious assertion , because there is absolutely no way the eu is going to cease to exist anytime soon . 
  in that case , we would probably see regional `` blocks '' emerge - for example , the nordic countries would probably form a union of sorts , perhaps with rights of residency , tariff free trade , and overall similiar deal with what they have today , the germanic countries ( germany , austria , switzerland , liechtenstein , maybe netherlands ) would form their own union , the spanish-portuguese-italians might form some sort of entity , etc. 
  essentially , european unity would n't cease to exist , but it would instead be fractured in multiple competing blocks , rather than the ( overall ) one vision we have today . 
  i am a dual citizen and actually live in the us , so it 's not quite as removed , but while i absolutely ca n't stand the man and wish he were impeached today , i do n't think violence is the answer . 
  so far , much of what we have is speculation ; until our investigation proceeds farther , we ( i mean the public , like you and i ) are not going to know much more , and it sets a horrible precedent ( that a president can be overthrown simply because a powerful faction does n't like him ) . 
  however , if it does turn out that trump won only because of foreign intervention , than i would most certainly support his removal , and at that point we should probably hold a special election to figure out the real winner . 
  i would n't count on it happening anytime soon though . 
  by all means , come to the eu . 
  visas can be a bit hard to come by , and the cultural adjustment will be somewhat large , but if you have the will and desire to make a good life here , it is most absolutely possible . 
  the irony of the american dream being more real in the eu than america does n't escape me , and it 's pretty sad how far the country has slipped . 
  i love northern german accents , particularly those from around hamburg / schleswig-holstein . 
  i personally find them much easier to understand than southern german ones and more straightfoward in their emotions . 
  however , i also grew up in those areas , and i would not at all be surprised to see a bavarian post here that northern accents are difficult to understand . 
  r/the _ donald is already a refutation in and of itself , and when europeans do criticize americans , i find it to generally be reasonable . 
  the usa does have an abysmal healthcare system for example , and i do n't think it 's wrong for anyone to point that out . 
  the president is a serial liar , and that is an objectively provable fact ; he has done so on multiple occasions , to people 's faces . 
  that the usa has awful public transport is a true statement ; not counting nyc , dc , or boston , even many large cities lack anything beyond a bus system that runs once every 2 hours . 
  these are not false or even mean statements , they are facts , and i think americans need to do something about it if they feel that hurt by it . 
  in contrast , when the usa criticizes europe , you hear statements like that the standard of living is bad because every country is socialist ( false ) , that european countries do n't guarantee basic freedoms like freedom of speech ( false ) , and that everyone is poor because they make less ( partially true ; europeans on average make less , if i recall , but social benefits and cost of living more than make up some cases ) . 
  these are usually false , misleading , or at the very least subjective . 
  so if europeans are hateful , i 'd hate to see what the adjective for america is supposed to be . 
  i think it 's something that should be discussed if people feel strongly about it , and i think it 's a right of a person to decide what country they want to be a part of ; if bavaria really wants to succeed from germany , and a majority of the population feels that way , then i think that 's their right . 
  that does n't change my personal opinion though that it 'd be a stupid decision ; it would weaken the economies of both and serve as yet another division . 
  we were not meant to be a dozen tiny and weak kingdoms , and we fought for decades to overcome the last time we were split from one another ; now they propose yet another seperation ? 
  in schleswig-holstein at least , there are generally a lot of danish tourists , many of whom come to buy things such as alcohol because it circumvents the taxes back home . 
  most danish people also make a lot of money compared to german prices , so they can buy more here than back home . 
  not very much , to be honest - i believe that if you 're going to live in a foreign country , you should make at least some effort to learn about the local culture , and the language ( at least a little bit ) is a large part of that . 
  those guys were dicks , once it became obvious that you only understand estonian , they should have switched to that , not continue in russian . 
  i understand estonian to be a difficult language , but if you 've been living there for at least some time ( and especially your entire life ) , they should most definitely know at least some by now . 
  i am greatly surprised that north korea has multilingual citizens at all . 
  that is an * excellent * nickname , and apparently well earned too . 
  your king is a very colorful man indeed ; he was an intensive college partier , served in the military , competed under a psuedoname in an american marathon , actively worked on a un council for water management , and now serves as an airline pilot , while also being the king of an entire country . 
  it 's a shame i did n't know more about him earlier , he seems like someone that i could very much enjoy a pils with . 
  perhaps i should n't be speaking , because i sort of fall into this category ( i 've lived in germany for a little more than 5 out of my 20 years alive ) , but i 've always thought of it as fairly harmless . 
  most americans who are german purely through descent , and have no other connection to the country , for example , ca n't understand any german , so they would n't be able to even fill out the voting forms , and many of them would n't even know when elections are held or for what purpose , for example . 
  although i think the law is too lax , germany also has the requirement that you must have lived in germany for 3 months past your 14th birthday in the last 25 years , which is very broad , but it does rule out anyone who has never lived in germany at all , and i think that helps . 
  also , on a sidenote , i think it 's worth noting that the usa has some restrictions on citizenship by birth . 
  if you only have one american parent , they must have lived in the usa for 5 years , two of which have to be after their 14th birthday , for the child to be a us citizen . 
  in contrast , german law only requires that your parent ( s ) register you within a year of your birth - there are no restrictions on how long they lived in germany , whether one or two parents are citizens , or any other conditions . 
  for jus soli ( birth by location ) , ironically , the places are switched - the us has no conditions other than that you must not be a child of a foreign diplomat actively serving , whereas germany requires you to renounce any other citizenships and/or live in the country for at least 8 years / graduate from school in order to keep your citizenship past 23 . 
  he works as a pilot , does n't he ? 
  north korea is most certainly a country that 's out of this world , so you already have some progress there ... 
  eh , that depends . 
  much like the us , answers are generally divided along generational lines , although it 's flipped ; younger people in germany generally are more content with the way things are , whereas the older crowd tends to complain about our situation more . 
  on the whole though , while germans have and always will love to grouch , i think * most * people are content where we are - germany 's not perfect , but we 're pretty solid . 
  ahhhhh ... 
  i 'm not so sure hungary is intent on `` listening to its people '' , considering the second part of his legacy has been destroying or weakening democratic institutions within the country . 
  somehow , i think if belgian decides to throw out your constitution against thousands and thousands of protesters and replace it with one that prevented the supreme court from reviewing any laws `` based on their content '' , invalidated * all * of its decisions prior to 2012 , and greatly increased restrictions on free speech and expressing dissenting opinions , you would n't be so great a friend . 
  that would not be a very good idea , but i understand your frustration . 
  you can acquire citizenship here rather easily ; the general idea is to get a work permit/education visa , live here for several years ( the exact number depends on the country ) , and then file for citizenship . 
  if you pass and get your passport , * then * you can safely renounce your american citizenship , and enjoy your life as an independent citizen in your new home !, 
  is egal, 
  currently studying , actually . 
  computer science , with a possible extra in cyber security . 
  fun and really enjoyable , i hope i can work in it after uni , but damn is there a lot of math , which is rather problematic because i am not particularly good at it . 
  in day to day language , most germans talk about per month . 
  however , at least in informatik/it/computer science fields , it 's common to speak of salaries per year . 
  perhaps because of american influence ? 
  that 's actually far higher than i would have thought , but it appears to be correct !, 
  however , i think it 's worth mentioning that northern germany has far lower rates of lactose intolerance than the rest . 
  this is also the case with france and poland , perhaps because there used to be fewer alternatives for food ? 
  i think there are a lot of problems with the way we do politics today , but i 've always felt that the cynical attitude of no politician can ever be good is damaging to our society .
