  people who hold such a nihilistic view are a lot less likely to vote , and when turnout is low , bad things happen , as the us can attest to . 
  the attitude also tends to discourage people from fixing what they complain about - rather than voting for someone who address their concerns , they merely vote for the same party they always have or not at all , and yet the complaints never cease to stop . 
  i 'm not a dressing this to you personally of course , but i have a lot of family with this viewpoint , and it does get rather grinding to hear her go on about the evils of angela merkel , and yet tell me she 's not bothering to vote , yet again . 
  i think if we are serious about changing or fixing our society , we need to start doing something about it , whereas the nihilistic approqch merely takes the easy way out but never has any chance of changing anything . 
  yes , really , there is . 
  i am actually from schleswig-holstein , and we do indeed have a scandinavian ... well , if not connection , then at least influence . 
  we build our houses the way they do , we share similar climates , we share similar stances on topics like the relationship of welfare to the individual , and i can even make out some danish/norwegian , whereas austrian or bayerisch are almost completely unintelligible . 
  `` closely related '' , uh , i 'm not so sure about that . 
  the grammar systems , tense systems , pronunciation , and vocabulary all differ immensely . 
  unlike , oddly enough , danish for example , where i can make out some words and easily pronounce them , i would never be able to do that with english if i had n't learned it as a second language . 
  they might occupy the same space on the family tree , but they 've diverged so much that to call them `` closely related '' is i think a bit of a misnomer . 
  oddly enough , americans seem to do much better with french or spanish than they do german ... 
  mmm , although it should be noted , japan largely does n't have lgbt protections because they never needed them nearly as bad as we did - except for a brief 4 year period , homosexuality was never illegal , and it was actually considered to be trendy and fashionable in the 80 's and 90 's to be gay , so discrimination did n't really pose much of a problem then either . 
  it 's mainly in recent years , when this has started to wear off , that it 's become apparent something has to be done . 
  unfortunately , between the traditional ages it takes to change anything and the refusal to vote for any party but the one they have now , i would n't hold my breath on any improvements coming quickly . 
  ahh , i forgot the name of the process , but i learned about this when i studied human geography . 
  what essentially happens , in a small area , is these people are specializing ; sort of like how most people have one specific career , most of these groups settle into doing one particular trick or product , because it pays off better than doing a wide array of things poorly . 
  why are they all different ? 
  likely because of competition . 
  if you want to compete with , let 's say , asian polaroid photo takers ( i had no idea this actually existed before this thread ) , that would mean buying all of the photo taking equipment , teaching your people how to do their jobs , and building some kind of a relationship with various bars . 
  meanwhile , you have to undercut the existing competition , who has already paid for their equipment and as such does n't have any debt , already has close relationships with all the profitable bars , and already know the city like the back of their hand . 
  it 's going be fierce , and when given the choice , nobody wants to fight with others when there 's an easier way . 
  hence , that 's why gangs of immigrants tend to settle doing different things , where they do n't directly compete with each other for employment . 
  or , at least , my theory for why . 
  for all the brits on here , northern germany is even colder , grayer , and rainier than the uk is . 
  so essentially take their comments , magnify by 25 % , and you get schleswig-holstein . 
  now what do i think of it ? 
  perfect !, 
  it 's cool and rainy , which i love , it 's very green , and there are n't many people who choose to endure it . 
  this means long summer walks by the beach with zero people around !, 
  what more can one ask for , hmm ? 
  so long as you do n't spend more than 90 cumulative days in the eu within a 180 day period , you 're all set . 
  in your example , if you were to visit 10 days every month between july and december , that would be a total of 60 days - and the period would rollover 180 days after your first entry , july 1st , so that would be december 28th . 
  after that , your next period starts , and you can stay another 90 days !, 
  note that these rules are not applicable to the uk and i think maybe ireland . 
  they have different laws of entry , so if you plan on visiting either , you will definitely want to research what they have on the subject . 
  also , i am not a lawyer , so before you plan and book this trip , make absolutely sure that is the case . 
  i am pretty certain , but i have never needed to use a visa waiver , so perhaps there is some legal trick i do n't know of . 
  if you are planning a vacation , have fun !, 
  it 's a wonderful continent , and we 'd be more than happy to share our part of it with you . 
  i 'm essentially a mutt . 
  my mother 's side is a mixture of polish/lithuanian and scandinavian , and my father is swiss/welsh . 
  throw in a few oddballs , like a great native american grandmother and a great-great-grandmother from mongolia , and it 's a bit of a clusterfuck . 
  at least though , in germany , it 's pretty common for people to have ancestry from somewhere else , so nobody minds . 
  if you make an effort to integrate here , people are usually accepting and are actually interested in where you moved from , at least in northern germany . 
  i 've heard bavaria tends to be more conservative with outsiders , but i 've never lived there , so i really ca n't say if this is just politics or if it actually extends to day-to-day life . 
  somehow , i feel like the people who were directly affected by the events wo n't be posting here anytime soon / darkhumor, 
  you can look at countries like the us or especially now the uk , which have mass surveillance of their citizens and eroded many privacy protections , and yet they suffer from terrorism all the same . 
  what they have succeeded at , however , is making it far more difficult for people to have private lives that the police ca n't know about , and that possibility in germany is very concerning . 
  \\* ahem \\* if you actually * read * the reports , you 'll see that they do indeed rape , theft , and brutal assault . 
  for 2008 / 2015 , by number : * rape - 7,292 / 7,022 * brutal assault - 151,280 / 127,395 * theft as burglary ( stealing from houses ) 108,284 / 44,666 you can see these numbers on pages 19 section t4 and page 5 section t01 , as clear as day . 
  okay , so that blows out the high crime part . 
  mmm , immigrant time ? 
  in 2015 , turks composed 73,712 perpetrators , vs 2008 's 106,396 . 
  russians compose 10,140 vs 12,202 . 
  iraqis are 8,785 in 2015 vs 12,889 in 2008 . 
  where are these massive surges of violent crime ? 
  the only groups that experienced substantial increases from what i see at a glance were syrians ( 14,349 vs not being large enough to be independently included in 2008 ) , macedonia ( 8,012 vs 5,259 ) , and polish ( now 44,478 vs 31,223 in 2008 ) . 
  you do n't seem to even be aware that these reports exist at all , which makes me very suspect of you receiving information from the military - never mind that they do not regulate civil crime and it would be illegal for you to be receiving anything that is n't public domain to begin with . 
  i commend and thank you for your military service , but you seem have a stronger connection with a political viewpoint than reality , and until you can actually explain * how * and * why * the government has been lying , i am not very inclined to believe you . 
  yeah , it 's totally understandable , especially when much of what goes on will be in a different language . 
  if you want an objective view , you can look at our official police reports [ here ] ( https://www.bka.de/en/currentinformation/policecrimestatistics/policecrimestatistics_node.html ) . 
  they 're published in english as well as german , and they clearly lay out what the definitions mean , who 's included , some trends over time , and other useful information , that might provide a view into the current state of affairs . 
  numbers do n't lie , and you can see they 're not manipulating the definitions because they very clearly state what those definitions mean ( i.e what constitutes `` violent crime '' , how they record cases of `` drug possession '' , etc. ) . 
  what the previous poster was referring to is largely what the state of affairs is today ; much of germany is quite safe , and the areas you do n't want to walk in today are the same ones you did n't want to go to for 10 years ago . 
  he ( and many older people ) are frightened by immigration and the idea that we have foreigners living here , and `` dangerous crime '' sells much better than `` i do n't like turks '' . 
  on a side note , i 'm curious about the fate of britain after brexit . 
  from what i gather , your prime minister lost a significant amount of support after the election . 
  is britain still going to exit the eu ? 
  i was with the understanding that labour was against it , but now i hear they support it ?? 
  you 've heard the pessimistic conservative viewpoint , perhaps i can offer the alternative . 
  we stand at the center of the eu , with our largest competitor now leaving . 
  we 're finally shifting away from america 's support , our economy is picking up and doing really well right now , and increasingly other countries are seeing us as the replacement for the us/britain 's receding amount of influence . 
  what the man below me does n't say is that the crime rates are mostly petty ; graffiti and lack of transportation tickets . 
  i do n't know about you , but a great economy and world wide influence sound pretty good to me . 
  what does the military have to do with the news ? 
  for that matter , why has germany become a country not worth dying for because we have an increasing crime rate ? 
  for that matter , [ considering 2008 had a 15 % higher incidence of violent crime than 2015 ? 
  ] ( https://www.bka.de/en/currentinformation/policecrimestatistics/policecrimestatistics_node.html ) , is that not a significant improvement over your country 10 years ago ? 
  i ca n't wait to see germany 's romantic mountains and fairytale castles !, 
  me : you know ... we exist up here , in the north . 
  it 's not all bavaria ... 
  tourist : oh , i love all of germany !, 
  how do lederhosen differ there than in bavaria ? 
  obviously , germany and croatia are going to be very different circumstances , but my house never had an air conditioning unit . 
  archsum and hamburg both have pretty cool and damp air during the summer nights , so if you feel warm , it 's actually very effective to just open a window . 
  however , when i do use air conditioning , i always turn it off anyways . 
  air conditioners leave the air very dry , and on top of that , i would want to leave the window closed to conserve energy ; that would mean missing out on listening to cricket 's chirp , the pitter-patter of rainfall , or some other ambient noise . 
  i always find some ambience to be rather relaxing ... 
  i imagine to most foreigners , german probably sounds like very guttural , with some hissing - maybe something like this : `` jaaaaaaaaaah ga ka sak ihh da tsu geruebi gan kan ueberveroefte oppen der kaede gatz han '' . 
  `` mwa jesiphin jesele swaa keheen mwa ja '' , just the sounds basically . 
  french sounds to me like it 's ... `` sliding '' , sort of ? 
  it 's a very smooth sounding language , with a lot of similarly sounding sounds . 
  liquorice is excellent . 
  there are people who do n't like it ?? 
  a cute german with a concerningly sore throat . 
  same thing . 
  i learned english in america , but my english teacher in germany always tried to get me to speak british english . 
  she thought the american was `` vulgar '' . 
  never been to either , but i here helsinki is a really nice little city , and the finnish are closer to what i would think of as scandinavia .
