  truthfully , i think most germans and perhaps the spanish/portuguese , would prefer if we merged - they get money , we get vacation , everyone 's happy . 
  well ... maybe not * everyone * ... 
  i currently drive by car , as the distance is out of walking range . 
  however , if i had my choice , i would love to go back to riding a train for my daily commute . 
  it 's very relaxing , and does n't have all the aggravations that driving in traffic does . 
  i currently live outside europe , so i do this every day !, 
  i lived in japan for two years , and i agree with your sentiment . 
  it really is an amazing country , and were the work environment not so competitive , i would strongly consider returning . 
  especially the southern part of the country , the island of kyushu , is simply magnificent . 
  no , never . 
  i was born in 1996 , so that was after a bunch of changes , but i do n't think my parents would have done it even if it were legal . 
  as a gay person myself , i am not very fond of it , but i am infinitely more grateful to have them as opposed to nothing at all . 
  ideally , i would like for * all * relationships to be civil unions since there is not supposed to be any religious overtones in the government , and then if two people want to call it marriage they can work it out with their church . 
  however , while i will continue to push for equality , i also think there are more immediately pressing concerns . 
  if the afd offered me gay marriage , i still would n't vote for them . 
  i have moved all my life between america and germany , so i do n't really have a single home . 
  when i lived in germany i lived mostly in schleswig-holstein , sylt more specifically . 
  it was absolutely beautiful , and i very much dream of returning there someday , but i ca n't even remotely afford the housing . 
  realistically , kiel or hamburg will be the closest i get , and i love hamburg , so i would be happy with that . 
  in america , i * currently * live in honolulu , in hawaii . 
  it is very beautiful here as well ; however , far too much sun and too warm for my tastes . 
  the employment market is also very narrow , with liveable wages being rare , let alone a comfortable one . 
  i wo n't be staying here past my university years ; however , while i am here , it is a very lovely home . 
  one of these days , i would love to visit estonia . 
  it seems like such a nice little country ... 
  it 's meant to harden your knuckles so you do n't break them if you get into a fight . 
  it also has the added benefit of knocking on wood . 
  germans believe that success is a mixture of preparation and luck . 
  tapping the table kills both birds with one stone . 
  just kidding , i honestly have no idea why . 
  i favor the note taking theory , that it was done to leave a hand free to write , but i do n't think there is an official reason ... 
  perhaps censored was a bad choice of words , maybe edited or omitted would be better ways to describe it . 
  either way , what americans commonly sing as our national anthem , much like germany 's , is only a small portion of the original song . 
  the stanza in mention is here : `` no refuge could save the hireling and slave from the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave , and the star-spangled banner in triumph doth wave o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave . '', 
  advocating for the triumphant genocide of all blacks and most catholics did n't make the pg cut , we we largely ignore that verse and pretend it was never written , even though it 's still there . 
  `` no refuge could save the hireling and slave from the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave , and the star-spangled banner in triumph doth wave o\u2019er the land of the free and the home of the brave . '', 
  it 's at the end of the third verse . 
  basically , what it says above is that america will righteously execute the `` slaves and hireling '' ( black people and poor workers , usually catholic ones of irish or polish descent ) and that the flag will fly triumphantly over that . 
  berlin actually would n't be a bad choice . 
  centrally located , a historic capital of power , multicultural , already hosts a ton of embassies and foreign dignitaries , and quite beautiful too . 
  assuming that they are educated , seeking employment , and are willing to integrate , sure , why not ? 
  we have plenty of employment opportunities , a beautiful country , and easy access to many others !, 
  it 's okay , but we had to censor some parts because they sound nationalistic ( were n't when they were written , but most people do n't know that context ) , and other parts are simply cringe-worthy ( german women ? 
  german wine ? 
  really ? ) . 
  unfortunately , the us has a rather difficult to sing anthem that also had to be censored because it has some rather racist remarks in it , so i 'm not particularly enthused of either of my national anthems . 
  the * best * national anthems are russia 's , china 's , and japan 's . 
  those are all inspiring or epic in their own way , and they talk about much more than wine . 
  sure , a moon base would be particularly interesting , and if the us and russia would like to send some astronauts to die on mars , i see no reason why we ca n't conquer the moon in the meantime . 
  furthermore , in would add a vacation destination to my intinerary !, 
  eh , mostly nonplussed . 
  as a gay person , traditional marriage is sadly not available in my country for me , but civil unions come close in many areas . 
  neither my partner nor i have considered getting one though , as we do n't currently live in germany . 
  my view is that all marriages should purely be civil unions , and if you want to call it `` marriage '' that should be up to you and your church ( if you are religious , i am not ) . 
  as somebody from schleswig-holstein , i 'm almost tempted to agree to that . 
  however , the danish minority is often overstated - it hovers around 50,000 people if i recall , and in a state of almost 3 million , that 's not very much . 
  we do see a lot of you come down to buy beer from us , so at least there 's that , eh ? 
  h\u00e4h\u00e4h\u00e4 , it feels good does n't it ? 
  getting k\u00f6nigsberg back would be nice , as it would our islands in the pacific ( samoa and the marinianas ) . 
  even namibia would be rather interesting , although that would be very expensive and require similar work as annexing east germany did . 
  unfortunately or fortunately , germany never really had much of an empire , so there 's not that much we could ask back for . 
  fairly often , around ~ 2x a week . 
  i do n't really like the taste of plain pork , usually only when it 's breaded or has some kind of sauce or mustard to go with it , so beef is my favorite substitute for stews and the like . 
  so i looked up some statistics , and here 's a neat [ map ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/map-of-the-percentage-of-people-speaking-german-in-the-eu-by-country/ ) of them . 
  as you can , the netherlands and luxembourg do apparently have ~ 70 % german speaking ability , surprisingly , but belgium ranks far lower . 
  poland and czechia have german speakers at only around 1/5th , and although denmark sits at mid 40s , their german can be ... interpretive , on occasions . 
  keep in mind we also get tons of visitors from france , paris , the uk , spain , portugal , etc. 
  where german is essentially non-existent . 
  if you are a random tourist , most germans and i will assume you do n't know any german at all because most do n't , which is why we 're always happily surprised to hear even basic phrases . 
  berlin is a tricky case . 
  i personally like the city ; my mother grew up there , and i 've seen it on many occasions . 
  in particular , charlottenburg and schoeneberg ( where she lived ) are both pretty parts of the city , and on the whole berlin is very green and filled with interesting buildings and parks . 
  in that sense , it 's a very beautiful city . 
  however , berlin can also be rather ugly . 
  it 's a city that 's * covered * with graffiti , and the way it was divided down the center causes it to look pretty different depending on which half you 're located in . 
  it has many poor neighborhoods , and run down factories from the 80s still exist . 
  it 's also absolutely filled with tourists in the summer , and although that makes for many interesting people to meet , it also makes for very large and noisy crowds . 
  hamburg , fortunately , does n't have as much a problem with that . 
  in short , i like it , but many germans do n't , so i 'm hesitant to label it as # 1 . 
  however , even people who do n't like hamburg usually still think it 's pretty , which is why i put it as # 1 . 
  my apologies , it 's supposed to read venice . 
  i 'm sure it also has more than vienna , but as you pointed out , that 's not much of an achievement is it ? 
  most beautiful - i 'd personally say hamburg . 
  it looks so very grand , especially at night when everything is lit up , and there are far more canals here than in venice . 
  many germans also say munichen / nurnberg , although i ca n't say i 've ever lived there ( merely visited a family member in the latter ) . 
  ugliest city ? 
  ugh , probably a generic mining town , or especially those in former east germany that never got much love . 
  among large cities , cologne and especially frankfurt can look pretty ugly , although it 's worth mentioning that each has its nice parts . 
  edit : swapped in venice for vienna , as that 's the city i meant to write . 
  i have no idea why i put vienna ... 
  westerland ( rounding to the nearest `` city '' since it 's the only one on the island , everything else is just tiny villages ) , we are primarily known for being a tourist city with outrageously expensive hotels and restaurants . 
  moving to hamburg was cheaper and saved me money , as a comparison . 
  pretty hilarious , if it were a political skit and not real life . 
  6 months ago saudi arabians were all terrorists and evilly contributed to clinton , now he 's praising them and selling them billions of dollars in weapons that will inevitably make their way to isis ?? 
  depends . 
  i mean , as a german , i do n't really have much say in this , but i think a larger country tends to give better results . 
  for example , germany as a country is pretty recent ; for most of history , we were simply a bunch of small warring kingdoms that were never really notable . 
  even prussia , although powerful in europe , never expanded an empire anything like what the british or the french had . 
  as a bunch of tiny balkanized countries , they do n't really hold much power individually ; were they to present a single unified face , sort of how the nordic countries largely stick together , i think they 'd become more influential . 
  that being said , a larger country is worse off if the citizens within said country do n't feel properly represented , and given its past history , i 'm not sure that a yugoslavia would still work , especially not now that many have lived their whole lives under an independent country .
