  despite what the afd loves to champion , most refugees and especially their children wind up living just as german do after a while , with the main exceptions perhaps being their religion or what language they speak at home , which is perfectly alright . 
  the ironic part of this is that denmark was traditionally *** not *** a christian country , and was one of the last parts of europe that was christianized - you guys were civilized with your own religion and culture and everything , whereas we were still barbarians while we had ours . 
  it 's quite beautiful , and very popular in germany as a vacation destination . 
  you have great wine , sunny weather , beautiful architecture , and friendly people . 
  portugal was once a major empire builder , something we never quite managed , and has former colonies as far away as brazil and macao . 
  portugal is also a decent country in civilization v , one of my favorite games !, 
  oh just shut up and give me my starter already . 
  essentially : usa \u2192 norway \u2192 germany \u2192 usa \u2192 germany \u2192 usa \u2192 germany \u2192 usa \u2192 japan \u2192 usa however , the first two were very early on , and i am a dual citizen by birth , so if you mean that i moved to europe as a foreigner , well , i would n't really say so , even if i 've spent more of my life outside germany than in it . 
  \\* shivers \\* i complain about merkel sometimes , quite a bit , but honestly , after watching trump and may come to power , i 'm damn glad of our chancellor . 
  may has proposed a lot of really stupid policies , and censoring the internet / potentially outlawing encryption is asininely idiotic . 
  i am very thankful that i am not a briton , and i feel rather pitiful for the british right now . 
  probably estonia . 
  there 's always an estonian commenter in like every thread , and it 's very interesting now that i know a little more about it . 
  it 's one of those countries i never thought much about before seeing it here , and i always make sure to see if they 've posted or not on the questions . 
  maybe in the it industry , especially if you work for an american company . 
  most germans speak enough english that if you absolutely had to , you could probably navigate basic life with just it . 
  however , that 's really not a smart thing to do - sooner or later , you will want more , and knowing even just basic german will do loads for you . 
  i wholeheartedly approve of this as a hiring metric, 
  probably . 
  many of the policys he champions , such as free or near free education , environmental care , social welfare , and strong privacy laws are all already implemented in germany , and they are very popular . 
  he would however have to drop the revolutionary line , because bernie sanders would be a pretty centrist politician on our political spectrum . 
  hamburg is a gorgeous city , and if you can , either the north sea or baltic sea coasts are pretty spectacular . 
  alternatively , the german alps are quite impressive , although if you want alps i think austria or switzerland have better ones . 
  berlin might be a good stop , with the history of the wall and the east west divide . 
  good luck on your journey !, 
  somebody literally * just * asked this question [ earlier ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6f61d6/in_the_near_future_do_you_think_that_western/ ) . 
  here 's my response , essentially same as before : `` hahahaha yeah , alright . 
  you can immigrate to ukraine or georgia if you want , but those are war torn countries that are * hotbeds * of terrorism . 
  the idea of ukraine 's newspapers all devoting front page sections and days of debate because some wacko ran over a few pedestrians in a car is laughable in the extreme . 
  you clearly have lived an insulated life if you think eastern europe has better standards of living than western , and by all means , if you no longer want to be insulated , you can most certainly move to post communist russia or belarus . '', 
  as you mentioned , just spelled wikipedia , but we pronounce it much more like `` vikipidia '' . 
  preface : i hope i do n't come off as rude or confrontational , i merely strongly disagree with many of the points you 're saying . 
  in today 's times , many political arguments become rather ugly , and i want to make sure you know i do n't mean any of this personally . 
   it was trump who selected james mattis as the secretary of defense . 
  obviously trump knows about mattis 's opinion on russia . 
  no , he was n't . 
  mattis was an * obama * pick , whom trump actually wanted to sack . 
  he 's only still there because the hill republicans convinced trump to leave someone with experience in place , because there is literally not a single other person in the entire administration who knows anything about defence . 
   estonia pays the needed 2 % so trump did not criticize estonia for that . 
  even more , trump even praised estonia for that i ca n't find a record of trump ever * praising * estonia for that . 
  the absolute closest i can find is him saying that countries that pay over 2 % are ones they would n't break the treaty on , which includes estonia , although i would think to be rather concerning since the european countries around estonia matter more than the us itself . 
  the us has a pretty poor record of holding countries in foreign territory , and the military is n't remotely built anymore for holding foreign land ; in such an invasion , estonia would be much more reliant on germany or the scandinavian countries actually fighting on the ground , where as the usa provides intelligence and air support . 
   i have never heard any claim that trump has any assets in particularly russian banks . 
  probably you meant the loans ? 
  there are no hard proofs for that either - it 's like saying that soros is behind everything - you need some real proof to claim that . 
  how about trump himself ? 
  `` i 've done a lot of business with the russians . '' - donald j trump , october 17 2013 `` well , we do n't rely on american banks , we have all the funding we need out of russia . '' - eric j trump ( trump 's son ) , august 2013 granted , these were a few years ago , but if we 're talking about where his finances lie , that answers it , hmm ? 
  he had strong prexisting financial connections to russia long before ever running for president , including a slew of properties , and there is absolutely no reason to think that has changed - particularly when he publicly confirms it and then refuses to release his tax returns , which would detail how much exactly . 
   sanctions against russia are still in force yeah , and that is something trump has been fighting tooth and nail to change , and something he might still manage . 
  obama put many of the sanctions you 're referring to in place . 
  do you praise an arsonist for trying to burn your house down and failing , and shame the builder who made it in the first place for not making it fireproof ? 
  that is , to my understanding , what you are telling me . 
   there are more us troops on the russian border than it was during obama 's presidency \\* sigh \\* . 
  they were n't put in there under trump 's watch , [ it was under obama 's ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-01-12/american-troops-roll-poland-largest-deployment-cold-war ) . 
  look at the date on that article . 
  the order was signed by him before he left office , and trump arrived just soon enough to take his place at the podium . 
  again , how on earth is this trump 's doing ? 
  it 's an order designed by obama , * signed * by obama , and simply could n't get finished before his term ran out . 
  trump came into office , had no idea whether he should stop it or not , and decided to trust that obama knew what he was doing . 
  do you believe that your postman somehow manages to write such passionate letters on your friend 's behalf ? 
  that he crafts everything you receive in the mail ? 
  no , he merely delivers a pre-made package , and the same occurred here . 
   assad got punished for his chemical attack i would even be willing to argue with you here , it was a tiny slap on the wrist that caused no long term damage . 
  in exchange , he spent almost $ 60 million of military equipment , which is about 10 % of estonia 's * entire * military spending for a whole year . 
  action definitely needed to be taken , i 'm not arguing with you there , but that was arguably an incredibly expensive attack for relatively gain , hmm ? 
   trump tried to push other nato countries to spend more on defence ( obviously putin would hate that ) yeah , and these countries would also hate it . 
  just take germany , for example ; if we spent 2 % of our budget on military , we 'd already be outspending russia by 40 % , just by ourselves . 
  imagine if france and the uk chipped in ; that 's a little excessive , or ? 
  it 's easy for estonia to spend 2 % because you have a rather small economy , but for a relatively small country surrounded by allies and with no overseas territories , i see no reason why we should pay that much . 
  more than what we do at the moment , i can agree to that with the rather shoddy state our military is in , but we already pay for much of the eu 's infrastructure and bail out a ton of poor countries . 
  we 're not paying for an entire continent 's army as well . 
  i consider finland northern , because it 's right next to sweden and has more in common with scandinavians than with , for example , romania or russia . 
  its neighbor estonia , however , i am genuinely not sure . 
  i used to think of it has eastern european , but they have gone to great pains to show their nordic heritage , and it does have strong scandinavian influences . 
  i never said he 'd be pro-russia , i said it 's nothing special . 
  is he considered religious because he did n't stop easter from being celebrated ? 
  it 's well known that trump knows about as much about what the american military as j\u00fcri ratas does , and you can see this by how he promoted sending an aircraft carrier to north korea - only to then realize it was half an ocean away , something he had never bothered to look up . 
  if you approve of its policy , secretary * james mattis * is the man you want to thank , and personally , i agree with you on much of it . 
  one of obama 's few faults were that he was a little too soft on military , although he was right that we spend far too much on it . 
  however , you raise an interesting point . 
  you say obama did nothing - but what would you say if obama praised putin as a good leader , if obama never helped set in place the sanctions that are crippling putin 's ability to fight in ukraine , if obama criticized estonia as not paying enough for its defense , if obama said we needed to establish closer relationships with putin , if obama said putin was treated unfairly , and if obama had a significant chunk of his wealth in banks putin controlled ? 
  how you arrive at trump being tough on russia i am very intrigued to know , because he is quite possibly the most pro-russia president the us has had in decades . 
  not particularly , a gap between germany and america is pointless and uncomfortable . 
  what i do think that 's good is that germany and the eu are starting to stand up for themselves more often , rather than always bending down to the us . 
  a partnership built as equals , that 's a healthy relationahip ; one side always submissive to the other is not , when they are of equal strength . 
  these are pretty regular exercises that are held on a schedule . 
  obama may not have deployed as close as estonia , but already started the movement of troops to poland and norway long before trump , and he was shifting forces against north korea and china as well . 
  we need more spending on defense , most certainly , and i say this as an spd/greens voter . 
  our military is in a really shoddy state , and we simply ca n't depend on america anymore . 
  however , 2 % is such a stupid benchmark ; on our total income this year , 2 % of our spending on defense would be more than russia 's entire military budget , and we are not an unstable country spanning 11 timezones at war on two fronts with several overseas territories . 
  we are a small stable first world peaceful country surrounded by allies with no foreign territories at all . 
  there is absolutely no reason we need russia 's army or spending . 
  ehh . 
  i have spent a lot of time with asian food , and i 've developed a fairly high spice tolerance . 
  i do n't like it though , and usually i order foods as mild as i can get away with . 
  i love non-spicy spices though like cinammon , nutmeg etc. 
  that do n't burn your tongue off , but add flavor . 
  as a german , we generally do n't either . 
  we belong to central europe , along with austria , switzerland , liechtenstein , etc. 
  eastern europe is poland and everything else east , northern europe is essentially scandinavia + iceland and denmark , and western europe is everything france and west , + italy .
