  but it 's the bread , the shitty bread , that is what almost breaks me . 
  it 's difficult , because virtually everyone here will be able to speak at least two languages ( english and whatever their native one is ) . 
  you do n't have to try extra in many european countries ; you are * required * to learn at least one other than your native . 
  as to how to solve your problem ? 
  i am going to recommend to you the practical german solution : learn another one . 
  it can be whatever you feel like , whether it 's a widely spread one like spanish or french or more obscure like danish or estonian , but if you want to be able to speak more than one language , you just have to spend some time and do it . 
  even basic progress will really help , and the more you do , the easier it gets . 
  also , on a sidenote , where are you from where that is a stigma ? 
  did you just move to a europe , or did you somehow dodge the language requirements in your native country ? 
  i 'm not either british or french , but i am in mine . 
  we have strong tradition of privacy , but the far right seeks to overturn that , and while i do n't think they 'll succeed , it 's nonetheless chilling how eager some are . 
  i mean , i guess i would sense they 're uncomfortable , but i have to agree with / u/essiggurkerl here , if op said he did n't keep up with the news when trump is plastered literally everywhere in almost every country and on almost every forum of discussion , i would take it as a sign that you are either incredibly aloof or intentionally obtuse / trying to make some sort of joke . 
  my first response would be either disbelief or mild annoyance , it would n't be that they are uncomfortable talking about it . 
  i agree with you in general though , we do pick up a lot more hints than people give us credit for , we 're not socially inept ( or at least not most of us ) . 
  * der drumpfheit * is one i 've heard tossed around a bit ( a play on dummheit , a word meaning stupidity , ignorance , foolish , etc. ), 
  denmark or norway would be quite nice . 
  bavaria , if not in name , than in spirit . 
  believe it or not , there is more to this country than lederhosen and m\u00fcnchen . 
   i never noticed the tsch thing , and it 's the same basic sound as ch in english , so i ca n't imagine that it 's that hard for most english speakers . 
  perhaps i am merely being a perfectionist then , but i always notice a difference in pronunciation . 
  the english ch is more rounded than tcsh , and cherry in english and `` tscherry '' with a german voice sounds quite different to me . 
  i have never met an american who was able to pronounce `` deutsch '' without making the ending sound like the one from the word `` dutch '' . 
  still , it 's subtle and admittedly nowhere near how different ( and difficult for them ! ), 
  their pronunciations of ch are , so i think i 'll concede my point  thank you for making me see why i was wrong . 
  i did not mean my example quite so literally , but if you can hold a conversation with another french speaker and can read a basic newspaper article in french , yes , for the purposes of this discussion , you are bilingual . 
  i repeat , a * monolingual * person can not speak any other languages * at all * , and the amount of immersion in english on the continent is far higher than your immersion in french . 
  perhaps another example would be a scotsman not knowing any english , despite studying it everyday for 6 years in school and listening to english news on tv every night . 
  if i may , you seem to have quite the chip on your shoulder . 
   hurr durr guess i 'm mentally challenged then . 
  seeing as my example only requires that you can solve 2 +5 , if you can not do that , then yes , you are mentally challenged . 
  i am going to assume you are either tired or letting your emotions get the better of you . 
  on second thought , i think you have a good point . 
  it 's the n and ee that come out differently , and i think that 's what i was reacting to . 
  if i compare the english word `` shell '' and the german word `` schnee '' , and only pronounce the respective sounds , they do sound almost exactly the same , and a soundclip of each by native speakers sounds almost exactly the same as well . 
  i still think the americanized or britishized version of schnee sounds very weird , but it 's not the beginning they struggle with , it 's the n , which is too low pitched . 
  my apologies for confusing you !, 
  you probably have a perfectly normal accent then  i still stand by tsch though . 
  tsch and sch are distinct from each other , and americans at least struggle a lot with transitioning between the t and the sch . 
  but that 's not an education , that 's being taught a specific skill . 
  i 'm not saying they 're not smart - you can be very intelligent and be a carpenter , carpentry is not easy or unskillful , and `` intelligence '' goes beyond merely learning facts or academics - but school is supposed to give you a wide base of common knowledge , and if you never learn that , you generally are n't going to know very much about the world other than what you interact with every day . 
   just another thought , what if somebody that is suppose to know english just is n't that good at languages as some people are n't good at maths or chemistry ? 
  i sucked at mfl and it just did not interest me at all so the only thing i got from it was being able to count to 5 and naming a few colours in french . 
  does that thought ever cross your mind ? 
  we are talking people who are monolingual , as in they do n't speak english * at all * . 
  if you took french every single day in school for 6 years and watched french shows in your pastime , yet * still * could not say so much as je m ` appelle / u/bobkellylikes , yes , i would consider you dumb - or at the very least , an incredible slacker . 
  i have sympathy for older people who never learned it and for rural people who * never * get the chance to speak it with someone else , but when even my mother received english instruction in schools and can speak it near-fluently , the idea of a highschool graduate being entirely monolingual is rather laughable . 
  and no , i do n't have any extra sympathy for it over math . 
  you do n't have to be capable of theoretical quantum physics , but you do have to be able to at least master algebra and basic geometry ; if you still can not evaluate f ( x ) : = x +2 for x = 5 by the time you graduate , then yes , you are either severely challenged or an absolute slacker . 
  oh yes , definitely , in america at least ( i ca n't speak for canada ) . 
  in america , although it 's not unheard of for people to grow and eat food in their gardens , it 's definitely not common either . 
  americans in general prefer plain and simple yards , often with only grass and a few shrubs , although some flowers are popular . 
  here , or at least in schleswig-holstein ( a northerly state ) , it 's very common to grow some food in your backyard ; most people have at least a berry bush , and many such as myself grew potato , basil , and an apple tree , in addition to various flowers and other plants ( some mints , a pine tree , and a few others ) . 
  i think germans in general are avid gardeners ; during wwi , the french were quite surprised to discover lots of little gardens planted in and near the trenches , and even in large cities like berlin and hamburg you can find tons of little flowerboxes hanging over railings and trees planted alongside sidewalks . 
  ch has been mentioned here , but i think sch ( and tsch ) is also something a lot of foreign learns struggle with . 
  a lot of english speakers especially seem to hear it as just `` sh '' and pronounce it as such , which lead to words like schnee and tsch\u00fcss coming out as `` shnee '' and `` t-shuess '' . 
  that does n't change the fact that they 're uneducated . 
  being successful , and being educated , are not related ; there are some very intelligent and informed people who are broke and perform menial labor , and there are some very rich or otherwise successful people who have the intelligence capacity of a sack of rocks . 
  for anyone who doubts this latter point , i suggest watching the american president sometime . 
  ehh , if a brit took biology for 6 years and still could n't articulate the difference between a plant and an animal , would you consider it to be disowning if the general consensus was that this person was not the brightest bulb in the box , so to speak ? 
  mmmm ... to take advantage of this , i 'm not going to say anywhere i have freedom of movement already , which would be the us and the eu . 
  to that end , i 'd say probably either japan or new zealand , or maybe canada . 
  colombia specifically and central/south america in general would also be pretty interesting , although hi tech employment is rather hard to come by and i would be a little concerned about the safety issues . 
  if those two could receive a nudge each in the positive direction , i would most certainly consider moving there , if i could . 
  well , it 's probably not the greatest example , but when i lived in germany , i lived on an island called sylt . 
  it 's the farthest northern piece of land in germany ; it actually goes higher than our border with denmark . 
  during the summer , it is * packed * with tourists , and of course modern times have brought us the wonders of overpriced dsl and inconsistent tv . 
  however , during the winter , you can see shades of its passed ; when only 10 % of the population remains , when you can walk for hours along the dikes and not see a single person but only flocks of sheep , it does feel rather remote . 
  of course , you still see some roads and a house here and there , so it wo n't match northern norway , but nevertheless , it 's very solitary . 
  one thing i do n't like about hawaii is that it 's impossible to be alone here , with so many people cramped in such a small space , and while many people love it because you always have someone to talk with ( americans are rather chatty ) , i find it rather suffocating . 
  oh , i did n't mean to come off that way , i understand that most people never had a choice in the matter , and the younger people of the time would have had no way of knowing that what hitler said was bullshit . 
  i meant it more that i 'm sad so many people had to die for nothing ; not just in germany , but americans , british , italians , japanese , almost every country on earth lost citizens to the war , and countless cities and relics were obliterated . 
  the nazis , by starting a world war and by spreading it to every region they could , were responsible for the lives of hundreds of millions of people ; and it could have been stopped had people acted against them sooner , before the nazis overthrew the republic and turned the country into a dictatorship . 
  i do n't blame people once he could kill you for dissenting , but the way people let themselves be used by him earlier on , by choice , is tragic , and hopefully something we never let ourselves fall victim to again . 
  looks like i have one less excuse now , 
  uh ... well certainly , i 've always favored the allies , and i view germany 's axis period with nothing but sadness and regret . 
  if it 's to fight aliens though , we [ already got a head start on that . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_ufos ) you should post this question on / r/askanamerican , by the way . 
  i wonder how they 'd answer . 
  not per say , but the very northwest of germany has a frisian influence , and something to do here is to put rock sugar , tea , and then milk in a single cup . 
  the difference is that we do n't stir it ; to do so would be barbaric and destructive , i do n't know why the british do it . 
  during the winter , we make black tea with rock sugar and rum ; it 's the perfect drink to combat the freezing wet windy winters . 
  so although we do n't sun tea ( the sun is pathetically weak for much of the year , and even summer is no guarantee ) , we do have tea based remedies for our climate . 
  umm ... 
  i 'm not sure if there 's a measurable study , but on a subjective level , i '' d say it fluctuates . 
  2015 and 2016 were particularly bad , anti-eu talk was everywhere , and prejudices ran very high . 
  these days we '' re pretty good ; much of the heat died off with brexit , and i think as people become increasingly aware of what benefits they gain by staying within , they become more accepting of the union and less prejudiced against each other . 
  one thing i will say about the eu that 's nice is that people travel way more ; these means you actually have a pretty good shot of meeting someone from someplace other than you 're own . 
  in the united states , it tends to be more so that people stick to their own little home , and it 's rare ( er ) to encounter someone from someplace else . 
  you can say good luck if you want , but now you 're admitting that you 've interfering with an independent country 's sovereignty , if freely joining nato is n't an option . 
  what would you say if germany were to invade kaliningrad ( or i suppose i should say * k\u00f6nigsberg * ) because russia holding territory close to us is `` good luck with that '' ? 
  yeah , i 'm happy where we are , and hope that whatever the future role of the eu is , germany is at the center . 
  unfortunately , without your exports , you wo n't have time to fuck anything . 
  you can ask the japanese or southern americans how well that works . 
  marriages are time consuming , expensive , and very committal ; i love my boyfriend dearly , but we 're both honest that we 're only twenty , and although we 've been together for two years , we do n't know if we still will be in another two . 
  when/if we are both 24 or 26 , eh , maybe we 'll get it formalized ; but until then , we 'll either stay together or fall apart on our own , and if the latter does occur , marriage will only prove a humongous and headache inducing nightmare . 
  also , ah , on a technicality , my boyfriend and i are gay , so `` marriage '' is technically not available to us ( although i hear that 's changing !, 
  ) , so we 'd have to settle with a civil union instead . 
  northerners are much more reserved and private , and generally place a greater emphasis on being direct and honest . 
  southerners are more open and friendly , and generally place a greater emphasis on being polite and fitting in . 
  northerners also tend to be much more subdued , and place a great emphasis on understatement ; the south is much more ... colorful , and tend to be more cheerful and expressive .
