  furthermore , when it comes to foreign affairs , all state and local governments in america are completely prohibited from engaging in any kind of foreign affairs ; they may not sign treaties , they may not enact their own tariffs , they may not issue individual passports , and they ca n't give any visas , even to themselves . 
  if that is what your idea of a decentralized government looks like , it 's not very decentralized ; and if not , then you have the issue of credibility . 
  i can claim to be the supreme ruler of all of switzerland , and claim to represent you abroad ; however , because you will almost certainly ignore whatever i say , no foreign government would ever work with me because i have no way of enforcing any treaties i signed on your behalf . 
  germany hardly had any , but we generally have good relations with namibia , and i think k\u00f6nigsberg ( now known as kaliningrad ) would probably love to come back . 
  the problem is n't that most are bad , it 's that we never really colonized the few we did have very much , and they are located very far away from us because we only got the leftovers ; for example , the samoan and mariana islands now belong to america , they hardly ever had many germans , and they mostly interacted with either america or japan . 
  there just is n't any real connection , although it 's probably better that way than with for example belgium and the drc ... 
  germany is likely a no-go ; we did n't have citizenship by birthright back then , unless you stayed their until adulthood and renounced all other citizenships . 
  even then , if you or your parents naturalized in the usa without acquiring a beibehaltungsgenehmigung , you lost your german citizenship then and there . 
  your best bet may be your estonian parents ; from what i know , estonian citizenship is guaranteed by blood , and although they have a law that prevents dual citizenship , their constitution states that citizenship can never be taken away from someone who got it by birthright , so you may be in luck . 
  i would also check out latvia ; they may be more permissive , although i do n't know if they 'd allow it from such a long time ago . 
  either way , you 're going to need to collect some form of evidence - old passports , id cards , property statements , or some other proof they were of the eu citizenship - and then figure out if they lost it by immigrating to the usa , if they naturalized , and * then * see if you 're still eligible ( which i would imagine so , but i ca n't say for sure ) . 
  assuming you are successful , congratulations !, 
  you can come up here and join us . 
  however , please keep in mind that foreign citizenship does come with responsibilities ; if you ever move to latvia or estonia , or indeed germany , you will be expected to integrate and learn the language to the best of your ability . 
  likewise , just because you have the passport , does not mean you will automatically be considered a cultural citizen of any of these countries . 
  with that out of the way , i wish you good luck !, 
  edit : as for advantages , you will be guaranteed the right to travel and live anywhere in the eu , you can work without needing to worry if you can get a permit , and you 're entitled to use your host country 's embassies ( or any other eu embassy / consulate if your host country does n't have one ) . 
  i hear that many american embassies are currently understaffed ; this may prove to be an advantage if you need help in some place like japan or argentina or such , where the german and spanish embassies respectively may get you farther than the american ones would . 
  you also get another passport , and any eu country will have a few advantages over an american one , especially when traveling to former colonial states . 
  given that the eu has some very nice countries , and a more stable economy than america does , it 's worth your time to at least check ; and even if all you do is come over for a college education , it will still be significantly cheaper than in the us ( think many thousands of dollars cheaper ) . 
  germany allows dual citizenship automatically if the other country is in the eu/switzerland , if you got both at birth ( that is , your parent registers you as both a german and an american citizen within the first year of your life ) , or if it is impossible / difficult or dangerous to get rid of your other citizenship ( brazil or syria , for example ) . 
  if those fail , you can also get a `` beibehaltungsgenehmigung '' , which is basically a permission slip to break the law , but these are fairly hard to get nowadays and are usually only given to native german citizens naturalizing somewhere else . 
  as a german from south of the border , i can confirm this , although danish is rarer in schleswig-holstein than german is in denmark . 
  for younger people at least , going straight for english is usually what i did , as you ( denmark ) tend to speak excellent english . 
  german and sign language is my fallback for if that fails . 
  i 'd really like to learn danish someday though , hopefully then in the future i could properly accommodate in your own language , 
  no idea what the most would be , but i 'd hazard a guess of either paris or berlin for cities . 
  northern germany and i guess scandinavia too also have a lot of sex ( and a pretty liberal sexual culture ) , probably a result from being inside so much in the winter . 
  err ... perhaps you mean schrippen ? 
  as you can see , he considers himself a `` german '' . 
  although , i think he meant it more in the cultural spirit as there was no `` germany '' back then as a single political entity , and austrians were considered germans back then , just as prussia or bayern was . 
  i mean , i suppose it still is , even if i would never call an austrian german today because of the confusion with someone who actually is from germany ... 
  i think something like a strong central eu government for foreign affairs , economic matters , national defense , and the ability to set minimum standards on things like environmental protection and healthcare would be good , and then each country is responsible for internal matters , such as justice system , extending the minimum standards , administration over the land they cover , and other basically anything that has to do specifically with that country . 
  i think a national pension plan would be a good idea , and some way of easing the transition between healthcare systems would be good ; although i think each country should be able to implement their own standards , the current approach of some countries running a single payer scheme , some using entirely state owned healthcare , and some like germany using partially private service is rather inconsistent . 
  i think shared powers would also be useful , although in truth , i have n't really given the specifics a whole lot of thought ... 
  it 's amazing to walk out when the tide goes down , and the whole northern coast is really nice . 
  assuming a european flag , i 'd say probably the eu flag . 
  the blue and gold colors look very stately without being annoying , and the circle of stars is fresh ; this continent is filled with tired reuses of the same motifs and symbols ( \\* ahem \\* tricolor and nordic cross ) , and it 's nice to see something original . 
  however , i really like norway and the netherland 's colorschemes . 
  estonia and yes , my own country , i think also deserve mentions ; germany 's black-red-gold looks very pleasing for some reason , and estonia 's flag is [ actually a photograph . 
  ] ( http://dailypicksandflicks.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/estonian-flag-forest-in-winer.jpg ), 
  i was actually born in the us , and have been swinging back and forth between there and germany for much of my life . 
  i really like northern germany , but if i had to pick someplace else , definitely a nordic country ; norway would be my favored pick , as my boyfriend is from there and it 's a beautiful country , but denmark or sweden would also be fine with me . 
   what is the main reason behind the riots in hamburg during the g20 ? 
  same reason people always riot . 
  most of the protesters were there to complain about economic exploitation or about the stark class differences many of the countrys in attendance have , or on other topics like climate change or treatment of gay people ( \\* ahem \\* russia ) , while some idiots saw that the police were focused around the meeting and took the opportunity to light a few fires and break windows . 
  outside of the fact that hamburg is usually a fairly quiet city , nothing about it was all that great . 
  if this happened in berlin , i do n't think anybody would be batting an eye ... 
  i know i do n't have it here , but i actually usually use that approach ; an eu flag with germany in the flair line . 
  i do it because generally to most foreigners , we are treated as a block of countries , and i believe in a strong eu ( so it 's a manner of showing solidarity ) . 
  i only use the regular flair here and in / r/europe because the whole point of these subs is to get perspectives from different eu nations , so then it makes more sense to use our national flairs . 
  germany 's actual law is a little patchy , thanks to see-sawing , but i believe for fellow eu citizens we still charge no tuition fees . 
  of course , you would still have to pay for food and lodging , so there is that . 
  as to language , while learning some german would be very helpful , there are english-only courses that are specifically targeted at foreigners , and almost any young person in germany should be able to speak competent english . 
  well , you could still come be a part of us . 
  i mean , both of our countries are in the eu , and germany 's not a half bad place to live  but be careful what you wish for . 
  some of the countrys that we temporarily germanized , such as poland and namibia , are probably quite happy that we eventually left ... 
  because what about [ cameron willingham ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cameron_todd_willingham#post-execution_attention ) , a man who was convicted for burning down his house intentionally with his three young children inside ? 
  he was executed for it . 
  until , of course , whoops , it turns out the testimony was nonsense , the science was inacurrate , and one of the witnesses and the prosecutor intentionally lied and purgered themselves . 
  now what ? 
  a man was murdered by his own government , and there 's no way to take back or undo what occurred . 
  is it better than john gacy is dead instead of spending the rest of his life in prison , or is it better that an innocent man is dead instead of getting at least some of his life back ? 
  your second point makes no sense . 
  your rights to persist after death ( although whether you 're going to be exercising them is another matter ) . 
  in our eu charter however , and many country governments , all forms of execution are outlawed , and if i may point out , this is usually towards the very beginning of the document . 
  it 's bad enough that one person was killed ; there 's no reason to violate the document twice , and i do n't know about you , but life in prison is punishment enough . 
  what does it matter if someone dies vs. spending the rest of their lives in misery and then dying ? 
  yeah , many of those criteria would be hard to find . 
  for example , schleswig-holstein , where i 'm from , is pretty danish influenced ; we have distinct diets , social attitudes , and vary in other ways from what would traditionally be `` germanic '' . 
  in contrast , bavaria has far more in common with austria than we do , and has spent several periods under their rule . 
  now imagine trying to find a capital that can somewhat accurately represent both denmark and austria , and you might start to see where the difficulty lies . 
  there * is * frankfurt , and i guess maybe hanover , that are somewhat centrally located and less influenced by outsiders than the other regions ; however , they 'd never be able to accurately represent the other regions of our country , instead being equally unrepresentative . 
  also , we do n't have just accents , we actually speak entirely different languages across much of the country :p or at least , used too . 
  nowadays , i do n't think many people learn their dialect anymore ( i do n't ) , but i think part of that still remains - our differences are stronger than most , although as you pointed out , the uk varies quite a bit too . 
  i 'm aware of minority languages like welsh , scottish , and gaelic ; out of curiosity , how are they treated ? 
  do many young britons who have a traditionally different local language from english still learn it ? 
  to understand this , you have to look at how germany looked like in the past . 
  back then , germany was divided into multiple kingdoms ; prussia , a huge one that extended from near the netherlands all the way into what 's now part of poland actually , was the largest and most powerful . 
  berlin was pretty much everything you say back then ; it was centrally located , a large center of trade , and a common stop for people travelling between eastern and western europe ( through prussia , that is ) . 
  however , when germany formed together into a union , there were multiple competitors - but being the largest city in germany from the largest state in germany , it made sense to make berlin the capital , especially as it already was one . 
  when germany was divided , interestingly enough , there were actually calls to make frankfurt the new capital , and america wanted frankfurt to be the new capital , for the reasons you listed . 
  berlin , being split in half and located in enemy territory , did n't make much sense anymore . 
  however , west german officials did n't want another capital because they were worried it would add another hurdle to a potential reunification - they were worried that frankfurt would westernize too much for east germans to see any part of themselves in it , and i 'm sure some of them wanted to keep berlin 's legacy alive as well . 
  once frankfurt was the capital for 30 or 40 years , they were worried that people would grow accustomed and would n't want to change the capital afterwards . 
  so instead , they made a small ( ish ) town called bonn the capital , because they knew that if the two countries ever reunified , it was obvious that bonn was n't going to work anymore . 
  berlin would obviously make a very strong candidate as it was partly in each country , and both east and west germans had a long history with it . 
  and indeed , that 's how it happened . 
  so even though berlin may not make much sense from an objective standpoint , it has a long tradition of being the capital , along with all the historic government buildings and regionial ties and trade routes to go with it ; to change it now would probably inspire a lot of backlash , and i think understandably so , even though frankfurt would probably make a better choice in a purely objective sense . 
  sorry for the long ramble post , i 'd be happy to clarify or answer any further questions you might have !, 
  because just like that city , a single capital that can somehow accurately represent all of germany does n't exist - germany varies way too much by region to have a single place be able to accurately sum it all up . 
  that being said , if we could maybe clean berlin up a bit , i think it makes a fine capital as is . 
  it 's large , interesting , certainly never boring , and it 's still accessible for most people to live in ( or near ) . 
  well , with a few gaps in between . 
  babylon ( and the middle east in general ) definitely had an edge on us for a few hundred years , after the collapse of the roman empire , and much of our own knowledge would n't have been preserved if they had n't built a shiton of libraries . 
  but yes , i think it 's safe to say that our hold on alpha centauri is pretty strong :p, 
  probably not . 
  maybe it 's different in the more southern parts of germany , where religion is more prevalent and holds a stronger presence in day to day life , but at least in the north , no . 
  people really do n't care if you 're christian , muslim , atheist , sikh , 7th reformed 3rd church self-flagellate , or a literal satanist , so long as they like you and your polices ( or , indeed , dislike you and your policies ) , your religion is n't going to do anything to affect your status . 
  for the same reason i 've noticed a lot of people from americans making generalizations and generally expressing dislike for muslims , indians , russians , chinese , etc.
