  not really , in the same manner we do n't see canada or brazil or other countries with large german populations as part of us . 
  the only countries that we see similar to ourselves are some of our neighbors , such as austria , switzerland , liechtenstein , and the netherlands , and even that is more of a friendly neighbors than a familial relationship . 
  i think america holds a ( more or less ) positive view because of the extensive relationship after the war , with all the military and investment , and that 's something other european countries ( like portugal or cyprus ) did n't experience . 
  err ... well , it 's not the lack of english itself that 's the problem , so long as they speak ( an intelligible version of ) german . 
  however , i would be genuinely concerned how someone of my age managed to make it all the way to 20 without being able to speak any english . 
  to do so would either mean you were very isolated , which suggests a lack of knowledge in general , or that you are incredibly apathetic , which is n't a desirable trait at all . 
  the dutch have been dealing with flooding for hundreds of years , they have a familiar problem , but merely on a larger scale . 
  in fact , i expect they are doing to do quite well over the next few decades , because they have more experience against fighting flooding than pretty much any other country in the world . 
  i do n't get it . 
  if you are going to insult me , you are n't going to explain why ? 
  what is it , exactly , i said that was condescending ? 
  i gave a * detailed * and lengthy explanation backing up my original claim , and i still stand by it ; i do not have the money to live in either new york city or dc , and i have little desire to live elsewhere in the us . 
  i gave one offhand remark that , while i like it and i am enjoying my time here , living here later on in life would be rather restrictive because there are n't many places i would consider settling down in . 
  not because i have some kind of hatred for the us , as seems to be the notion , but because it simply is n't where i want to live . 
  where is the concession in that ? 
  is it condescending that i have little desire to live in bhutan ? 
   what 's really strange is that you are complaining that a rural area does n't have urban characteristics , which is nonsensical . 
  `` hey , mr. cyberpunk , why do n't you like rural areas ? '', 
  `` well , mr. redditor , because they do n't have lots of people , generally do n't have much in the way of public infastructure , and they are more isolating overall . '', 
  `` that is a completely nonsensical statement because rural areas are n't cities . '', 
  ... there is no snark in this , i promise , but i do n't follow your logic at all . 
  if i am explaining why i do n't like rural areas , is n't it rather obvious that it 's precisely * because * they *** are n't *** cities ? 
  if you asked someone why they like the rural life , and they told you it 's because it 's quieter and more relaxed , and i then said that is strange because they are complaining an urban area does n't have rural characteristics , would that flow for you ? 
  i do n't mean to come off as combative , if that is the case , but so far i have been insulted twice and neither of you have given any sort of explanation . 
  the title of this post merely asked if anyone here was from the usa or canada , and since i have spent much of my life living in america ( and * am * an american ) , i thought it was fair enough that i answer . 
  from that , i merely mentioned that i was , that i liked it , and that it would be rather difficult for me to stay vs moving elsewhere . 
  have i broken some kind of rule ? 
  / r/europe and / r/askeurope are two different subs . 
  why not go ask there ? 
  and to answer your question , everyone is welcome here if it has something to do with europe . 
  at the very least , turkey has a long history with europe , and much of their `` news '' also concerns us ( refugee movements , erdogan 's actions , etc. ) . 
  if you do n't think turkish news should be allowed to be posted here , then you most certainly should not allow russia or belarus in here either , as whereas turkey has only recently turned away from our eu values , russia has been that way since ... eh , pretty much forever . 
  and if turkish people want to ask us questions , express interest in europe , or want our side of an event / news , they are just as welcome as someone from america , colombia , or japan to ask . 
  and germany is known in various languages as `` saxon '' , `` alemania '' , and `` dutch '' , the first two of which are single tribes and the latter a butchered pronunciation of `` deutsch '' . 
  that does n't mean we 're all saxons . 
  i have no idea what you 're trying to say . 
  assuming you are trying to tell me i am making two different points , no , i 'm not . 
   albeit you are rather restricted if you want a quality of life that even approaches germany 's , |  there are n't very many places in the us you could live if you want some things , like decent public transportation or a strong welfare system , whereas these are almost universally available in germany given that i told what i define as `` quality of life '' , i do n't see how these two statements are contradictory . 
  uh , okay ? 
  so if i move to rural nebraska , i will be at the center of a cultural capital , i will have a dense train system so i do n't have to drive , there will be a hospital located within 5 miles , i will have an extensive welfare system in case i am unable to work , my employer will give me four weeks of vacation + holidays at minimum , and i will have access to an extensive network of parks , libraries , and museums ? 
  these are what i consider `` quality of life '' . 
  if you have any experience with america at all , which i thought you would seeing as you have the flair , you would know that america is highly sprawling , with fairly small cities on average and most certainly long drives between places . 
  furthermore , most/all of the country is not going to have any sort of lgbt discrimination protection , minimum vacation times , or strong unions to ensure good work conditions / fair employers . 
  apparently the concept of someone who values things differently than you do , and the inability of the rural midwest to be a perfect fit for me , is `` condescending '' ? 
  what i find much more `` condescending '' is that apparently i am not allowed to admit that a massive country split into 50 different states with completely different living conditions is not a perfect wonderland for me wherever i go because it seemingly offends your delicate sensitivities . 
  if you want what i do , you are limited to a few large cities , and large scale public transportation is viable in exactly two ( and only if you plan to never leave the city ) . 
  uh , well i do n't know about beautiful or tall , but blondness is more common in scandinavia than many places elsewhere , and i think northern germany has more blondes than southern germany does ( i do n't have any statistics on that , just an anecdotal guess ) . 
  on a side note : scandinavia is a region that comprises three northern countries , of which sweden is one . 
  your title reads exactly like `` are californian or american girls actually like what they 're made out to be in the media ? '', 
  fair enough , i guess we 'd have to let him clarify his opinion . 
  he sounds mostly frustrated to me though , not like he necessarily dislikes paying the money itself . 
  there 's a huge gulf , after all , between being a little annoyed that your money is paying for a new daycare in the middle of nowhere , and finding out that sweden has decided to end public university and privatize healthcare so that the wealthiest swedes can be granted a tax exemption ( which is essentially what 's going on in america right now ) . 
  cooperation as equals would work well for me , i do n't really like watching them fight . 
  that being said , i also think germany ( and the eu ) should be much more independent of america , and trump has proven that we can not rely on somebody else , particularly as trump is not the only one in the government who holds the anti-eu views . 
  i would definitely look into it if i were you , however i feel i should warn you that it 's not automatic . 
  immigration to the eu is not very easy if you do n't work in an indemand job ( although it definitely gives you options ) or have family there , so the first thing you 'll want to do is see if your it skills will count / if you can find a swedish or danish employer who would be willing to sponsor you . 
  if you have money , you can also try applying for a job searching visa , which will allow you to live there for a few months while you seek employment / get a feel for the country ( you 'd need to be willing to spend some money living there though ) . 
  i would also like to recommend the country i come from , germany ; we have a booming economy with very low unemployment , it is very much an indemand skill here , and germany has a fairly sizeable american expat community that can help . 
  our government is n't perfect , but the quality of life is quite high , and you do get what you pay for in terms of taxes . 
  you might also want to ask on / r/iwantout - it 's a sub dedicated to helping people who want to immigrate somewhere else , and they might be able to give you better specifics than i. 
  if you are serious about immigrating , you 'll also need to be prepared to adapt to a new culture / learn a new language ; it 's not very scary , but it is something you would have to be willing to do . 
  a few other minor things to think about ; do you have an family with an eu citizenship ? 
  a grandparent maybe ? 
  if so , you * might * qualify for eu citizenship yourself ; if you do , it would make the administrative work much easier , and would guarantee you the right to move here . 
  another thing , i would recommend you also consider canada and new zealand . 
  both speak english , if you would prefer not to learn a new language , both are pretty peaceful , and both will give you more than america in terms of infrastructure and such ; although , not as much as germany or the nordic countries would . 
  they may be easier to immigrate to however . 
  i would just encourage you to keep all options open , maybe sit down and write out every possible course of action , and then decide which one gives you the most benefits for the tradeoffs . 
  whatever you decide to do , good luck , and maybe let us know what your final decision is !, 
  if you have any questions , i 'm happy to help to the best of my ability . 
   i 'm not against taxation , or even moderately high taxation , i understand the social contract and have no problem paying high taxes if someone gets to eat or gets access higher education who otherwise could n't i do n't think he opposes taxes , but rather is frustrated because he thinks his are mismanaged / does n't get anything for them . 
  in sweden , you pay 65 % , but you also get free medicalcare , free college , and a rather robust welfare system if you lose your job . 
  in the us , you pay 25 ~ 35 % ( usually 25 % federal + whatever your state charges , although the tax bracket system varies based on income ) , but you do n't get any of those things . 
  i 'm not from the usa persay , but i have lived there rather extensively and i possess american citizenship alongside german . 
  it 's not a bad place , albeit you are rather restricted if you want a quality of life that even approaches germany 's , and politics here is rather ... frustrating , to say the least . 
  i wonder if it might be romania . 
  they 're in the eu , they have some beautiful natural scenery , and they 're still pretty undiscovered . 
  estonia might also see a rise in tourism , as it 's very close to finland but significantly cheaper . 
  very mixed . 
  we had an extremist dictator ( i 'm sure everyone knows who hitler is ) , a lot of people were tortured and imprisoned , and it was overall terrible for anyone who was n't a german . 
  however , germany was also economically prosperous for the first time since wwi , and unlike our neighbors , we escaped the great depression , and we also had much more land than we do today . 
  of course , at what cost ? 
  oh shit , and here i thought germany had cushy laws . 
  guess it 's time to move to france !, 
   stealthing ( removing the condom without your partner knowing ) seems to be on the rise . 
  wtf . 
  i have to ask some of my friends tomorrow . 
  i have n't heard of anyone pulling this shit , but if i knew my partner intentionally removed his condom , i would cut his dick off and file a report for rape . 
   do europeans generally always use condoms outside of established relationships ? 
  i 've read there are lower sti levels in europe and wonder if condom use is the big factor . 
  yes , if you are having sex with a stranger , you absolutely use a condom . 
  sex education in schools is much more comprehensive in the eu , and it 's taught to kids how important it is to use one . 
   i also wonder if it 's because guys in the us are circumcised and using a condom means they ca n't feel anything ( common complaint here , you certainly have up work harder to feel things ) . 
  guys that are uncircumcised , do condoms make it so you do n't feel anything/much ? 
  ca n't really answer that because i 'm circumsized , and i do n't use condoms because i have a steady boyfriend . 
  that being said , i absolutely would still use it ; slight discomfort vs debilitating lifelong and highly stigmatized ( especially as a gay person ) disease ? 
  not really a question i have to think very much about . 
  in my game , they absolutely suck . 
  the damn inspector keeps forgetting to let the secret agents through , and then he has to restart the whole level . 
  his supervisor was also less than impressed on the number of citations he received ...
