terrible thing really , he was so young , and with such a promising future ahead of him . 
  ... there 's a contradiction ? 
  you told me above that it was just based on english being the main national language , nothing more , and now it includes cultural and political links ? 
  it can only be one of these , and that matters because i would n't include the us in the anglosphere if we take into account political and cultural ties . 
  eh , i guess that 's one interpretation . 
  it 's so broad though , i do n't really see the meaning or point in using it then . 
  eh , i 'm not sure . 
  they speak english and everything , but they do n't respect the monarchy , they do n't have a strong connection to the uk , and the mindset on a * lot * of things - healthcare , balance on individuality vs society , political ideology - are significantly different than australia / canada / uk . 
  plus , a huge majority of americans are n't of british descent , and many parts of america - hawaii , new mexico , florida - are n't really british influenced at all . 
  i would n't include it , but i would n't say it 's outright wrong to do so . 
  too many asterisks for me though . 
  ehh , mixed opinions . 
  they 're cool , rich , knowledgeable , share our penchant for diplomacy , and ( mostly ) part of the family , but they 're also stereotyped as proud , prudish , right wing ( not necessarily good or bad , but certainly different ) , rather stuck up on a few areas , and the kissing strangers thing is weird . 
  overall , pretty good though . 
  always a sensitive topic with germany , we 're generally not very patriotic , and we 've had our share of fuckups . 
  however , i am quietly proud that we manage to turn our country into a good example of what a country should be ; we enjoy among the world 's highest standards of living , we have the 4th largest economy , we are well likes throughout the world , and at a time when so many countries are declining or going batshit insane , we 're doing pretty well for ourselves . 
  we 're surrounded by many great neighbors , who we get along with quite well , and even have some friends far away ; as far as ( south ) korea and japan . 
  we 've provided a safe and happy home for millions of people fleeing crisis , war , disease and famine , and we have ( and continue ) to provide tons of scientific and culture advancements to the world . 
  there 's much worse on this planet , and while we do n't wave flags or shoot cannons , i at least am pretty proud of what we have and what we continue to accomplish . 
  ... of course , that does n't wipe out the atrocities we 've committed and the mistakes we 've made . 
  uhh ... not quite sure , to be honest . 
  western germany has a stereotype of being more prudish than the east , and it 's true that we mark our beaches nudist or not . 
  however , we still have them ( and plenty of them ) , nobody cares about it in dressing rooms , i 've seen it on tv and in films before ( even when the target audience is somewhat young ) , and we still have totally naked statues in public forums . 
  heck , we invented fkk ( freik\u00f6rperkultur , free body culture ) . 
  topless women are definitely a thing on sylt , but sylt is the exception to a lot of things , so maybe in other parts of germany that 's not very common . 
  northern germany is probably as liberal as greece with nudity , maybe even a little more so , but i guess other parts of germany , particularly bavaria and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , probably less so . 
  yeah . 
  maybe not as hard as other countries - i think we do a better job of realizing mentally ill people are who they are and do the things they do because of biological reasons , not because they are inherently bad people - but if you admit to being schizophrenic , it will put people in alert . 
  sadly , i think that 's the case in much of the world , and i do n't pretend to be free of it either - i try to do my best , but i catch myself feeling uneasy around people who are mentally ill , even though i realize it 's not their fault and there 's nothing they can do about it . 
  i do n't insist on one , and i would n't care all that much if i found out my boyfriend had sex with someone else . 
  i love him , and i 'm not going to stake it on something as silly as his inserting his dick into someone else . 
  i would care much more if i found out he preferred to spend his time and love on someone else , and at that point i might suggest a breakup ( because it 's not practical for him to invest in two people ) , but if there were some way to make it work , i also would n't necessarily be opposed . 
  it 's hard to say though , i 've never encountered these situations , and we 've only been together for a fairly short time ( ~ 2 years now , more or less ) . 
  do n't know if it 's the most common , but bratwurst/schnitzel + potatoes + some kind of vegetables + beer is a quintessential lunch/dinner . 
  ahh , the magical strawman . 
  for someone who seems so focused on following an argument , i 'm surprised you did n't really follow it yourself . 
  the original comment you are replying to said : `` yep , the us joined ww2 to help out europe and nothing to do with japan attacking them first ... '' to which you seem to think we are renting the us fought in the war . 
  the point that everyone is saying here is that the us did n't enter because it was pushed into action by the atrocities committed by the nazis , but as a side effect of declaring war on japan . 
  posting death statistics does n't change that . 
  but let 's talk about those statistics . 
  for one , the combined total you posted applies to all american casualties throughout the war . 
  that is * not * how many americans died in the atlantic theater , which is only half as much , and also includes the campaigns in africa . 
  unfortunately , i could n't find specific numbers of troops deployments , only casualties ; however , seeing as the pacific theater was generally fought more in naval and aerial battles , which are inherently much safer than mass charges against fortified positions or bombing raids directly over home territory , and that you need significantly fewer men to operate a ship than a comparable number of tanks or infantry units , implies there where quite a few more soldiers serving in the pacific theater vs the european one . 
  which makes sense , seeing as the war with japan was largely between only america and japan - and rather punctures the idea that europe was the main focus for the usa during wwii . 
  lastly , you may not have stayed this explicitly , but i feel it 's worth pointing out the numbers here . 
  the usa lost 250,000 soldiers during the entire course of the war with nazi germany ; france lost 210,000 , and they only fought for 21 years . 
  britain lost almost 400,000 , nearly as many as america did fighting two fronts . 
  france and britain only had about half of america 's population at the time each . 
  the idea that france and the uk slacked , and that america picked up the death toll , is not true at all ; and your implication , that the impact of the european front on america vs the rest of europe , was anywhere * near * the same , is largely misinformed at best and an egrigious assumption at worst . 
  on the american neutrality point , no . 
  american companies are documented as having supplied nazi germany * well * after the declaration of war , often via smuggling operations through countries like [ venezuela ] ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/history-of-world-war-ii-americas-was-providing-military-aid-to-the-ussr-while-also-supporting-nazi-germany/5449378 ) and [ switzerland ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/books/first/b/black-ibm.html ) . 
  seems rather ironic for the oil that powered nazi tanks , the lubricants that enabled nazi machine guns , and the censing equipment that organized the nazi military , where all partially or completely manufactured in america , hmm ? 
  so in conclusion , if your point is that america suffered as much as the european countries did , that america entered the war because it wanted to free people from the despicable and frankly plain evil acts of the nazis , and that america did not do so primarily out of self-interest , than i am going to disagree with you on every point . 
  acting out of self-interest does not mean that they did n't do good , that the hundreds of thousands of americans who gave their lives did n't do so valliently , and that we are n't grateful for the mercy shown a after the war 's end ; but it does mean you should maybe get off your high horse , especially when the us has a long history of destroying countries for the same reason it helped in ww2 . 
  you may want to speak with iraq and argentina sometime . 
  uh , pretty close , yeah . 
  the us involvement in europe was mainly limited to bombers , a few army units , and supplies donated to russia and the uk . 
  furthermore , the us was perfectly happy to trade with and supply nazi germany until japan attacked them , and by the time the us entered europe , the tide of the war had already shifted . 
  i do n't mean to the say the us did n't contribute , they certainly did , and the war may have lasted years longer without their aid ; but the idea of the us marching in to save western europe because they could n't stand the suffering is a laughable lie that was drummed up to raise moral and enlistment numbers . 
  they never would have stopped japan and the suffering in east asia either , if japan had n't made the colassel mistake of attacking pearl harbor . 
  no idea who , but i know when ; whenever she gets sick of governing . 
  there 's not a single other politician i know of who can get the support of both the spd and the cdu and has the experience and skills to keep the country on track . 
  schultz is too similar to her on a lot of fronts , and he 'll never get the conservatives to support him . 
  i do n't really like chancellor merkel all that much , and i wo n't vote for her , but i hold a lot of respect for her . 
  hmm . 
  well , specifically , it 's not really scandinavia per se , but the island of sylt is located north of the danish border . 
  it 's very popular for luxury vacations in germany , and it has some excellent hotels / spas ; my uncle worked at [ a rosa ] ( https://www.a-rosa-resorts.de/en/a-rosa/resorts-hotels/sylt/at-a-glance.html ) , and it is ( or at least was ) quite a nice place . 
  it has a fair number of tourists in the summer , but you can still find peace pretty easily , and especially as summer comes to a close , people start to leave . 
  if you feel in the mood to explore a big city , both hamburg and copenhagen are reasonably close as well . 
  it 's expensive though ; you will really want to look at the price and see if it fits your budget , and maybe see if it 's what you have in mind . 
  outside of that , i 'm afraid i probably ca n't be of much more help . 
  i am only a broke college student , so luxury vacations are n't an area i have a lot of expertise with :p, 
  and i am partially an american , one who 's dad is in the military and has lived there for a good chunk of his life . 
  in new england and california at least , i know i 've heard people say stuff like `` i was on holiday break , sorry for the email delay '' and so on . 
  granted , i never heard it while i lived in virginia , so maybe things are different in the midwest or the south , but i ca n't really speak for virginia as it is , so ... \\* shrugs \\* but yeah , if your argument is that it 's not a drop in for vacation , i fully agree . 
  that 's a lot different than `` i 've never seen an american use the term holiday though '' however ... 
  ... maybe not that god forsaken abomination of a food , but all others , yes . 
  [ even john 's spicy peanut butter pizza ] ( https://www.yelp.com/menu/johns-incredible-pizza-company-fresno-3/item/spicy-peanut-butter-pizza ), 
  well yes , you 're not going to here holiday used for * all * vacations . 
  vacation is simply a break away from home , whereas a holiday is a more formalized vacation - think christmas , thanksgiving , new year 's , etc. 
  but for these , you will absolutely here people say `` i 'll be gone over the holidays '' or `` i 'll be on holiday next week '' . 
  i 'm not saying i disbelieve you , i 'm merely quite surprised if that is the case , that you 've never heard an american say holidays , because it 's quite common . 
  and if i may point out , a trip over the weekend would n't be called either a holiday or a vacation . 
  it 's too short ; vacations and holidays are generally around a week in length at a minimum . 
  for that , you would call it a `` trip '' - as in , `` we 're going on a camping trip over the weekend '' . 
  well , somewhere in the uk would probably be what you 're looking for . 
  they all speak english , there are plenty of luxury resorts , and especially scotland is quite empty . 
  if you 're looking to relax in the middle of nowhere , scandinavia is also a good region to check out ; norway in particular . 
  english knowledge is quite common , it 's a naturally introverted culture ( so people will give you space ) , and there are kilometers and kilometers of wilderness . 
  canada might also be worth a mention ; it 's cheaper , * everybody * ( outside quebec ) will speak english , and they also have lots of wilderness ( and the pacific west coast is fantastic ) . 
  plenty of americans call their vacations as holidays . 
  in fact , `` happy holidays '' is a common expression you will hear people say around december , with the onslaught of christmas and hanuka and new year 's and all that . 
  i think germany holds one of the more severe cases of dialectization in europe . 
  there are dozens of them , and in some cases they are n't very mutually intelligible ; i come from northern germany , and i have a difficult time understanding people from bavaria if they speak bayerisch . 
  likewise , i seriously doubt many bavarians could keep up with plattdeutsch for very long ( although to be fair i ca n't speak it either , i know some words and i can understand a bit of it though ) . 
  am frisian , can confirm . 
  that is approximately how i hear bavarian , and it 's even worse because my brother now lives in franconia , in bayreuth , and he has started using ( and teaching me ) all of his newfound vocabulary and pronunciations . 
  nice people though . 
  if your definition of extremely well extends to the level of sour cotton candy combined with shoe leather , then i concur . 
  upvote for you though because all pizza is good pizza , even really shitty pizza :p,
