given that this law already applies to anyone else applying for permanent residency , obviously it should also apply to refugees . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  seems like everything requires quite a bit of money ( school , job , etc. ) . 
  i 'll take a look and see what i can find . 
  there 's a lot of stuff for people who want to help out by volunteering , but nothing really for `` hey i want to hire some people '' . 
  there 's a small asylum center in the town i work in . 
  they would probably be the easiest to contact since they are right around the corner . 
  it would definitely be convenient to hire someone who was already living in the same town . 
  thanks !, 
  best of luck to you . 
  you seem like a driven hard-working person , i hope you are able to figure something out job/school-wise . 
  photography is very cool . 
  my husband is an amateur photographer and loves it . 
  have you ever considered freelance photography ? 
  there 's a huge market for reasonably priced good photography in europe , particularly for events like weddings and such . 
  my best friend got married last year and i was shocked at the price quality relationship of most photographers . 
  i 'll see what contact information i can find . 
  i feel like we might be in a good position to hire some people , especially given our language of business is not german . 
  personally i do n't care about qualifications and skills , those can be acquired later . 
  i care about atttitude and work ethic . 
  it is a vicious cycle and i do wish it was easier for people to find work , study , etc. 
  what are you looking to study and what kind of business do you want to work in ? 
  i 'm just one person with a small business , but i do hire people without degrees and who do n't speak german so well . 
  i have thought about getting into contact with someone about offering open positions for refugees , but have no idea who or how that would work . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  i do n't envy anyone trying to get something anerkannt here . 
  it 's a frustrating and infuriating process . 
  when i got married we actually gave up getting married in germany and went to denmark instead because of the paperwork . 
  have you thought about doing an online/distance learning program ? 
  i looked into that briefly and there do appear to be some decent options . 
  i was told to do the same thing , so i just gave up on the idea of a masters . 
  i would like to have a german degree , but i am not going to jump through hoops to get one . 
  good luck to you . 
  that does sound terrifying and ridiculous . 
  i 'm still in the process of researching the school system here now that we 're planning for a child . 
  my husband is german but grew up abroad so neither of us are familiar with the system . 
  i want to know what we are getting ourselves into . 
  perhaps it has changed in germany since the last time i looked into it ( 3 years ago ) or it might be my area is considered an exception or my usa degree problematic , but the masters i wanted to apply for had a short list of acceptable bachelor prerequisities and mine was not on the list so no admission . 
  it 's not just the schooling . 
  when you apply for a job there is typically a requirement to have studied a specific subject , even if that subject is n't strictly necessary for that job . 
  nope . 
  firstly , my bachelor degree is from the united states so it 's not relevant at all to the bologna process . 
  secondly , bologna says nothing about prerequisities or requirements for study . 
  at least in the us it 's relatively common to study one thing for a bachelor and later go back to school and do a master 's in something else . 
  that does not appear to be possible in germany , even with relevant work experience and qualifications . 
  never heard of tall poppy syndrome before , but a very interesting read . 
  sounds about right . 
  i 'm sure to some extent it will . 
  what i 'm wondering is what kind of job , even unskilled , can an illiterate person do ? 
  most unskilled labor jobs i know of would still require some basic level of literacy . 
  i am american , but been here for 13 years now . 
  i do think there could be a happy medium between german rigidity and american flexibility , but you 're right , it 's unlikey things will change anytime soon . 
  i personally have a hard time with it , because i want to hire good people who are willing to work hard but the whole job/employee search here does n't seem to take any of that into account . 
  skills can be taught/learned , work ethic and attitude not so much . 
  i 'm personally waiting for the inevitable tax increases and/or decrease in social benefits available . 
  i run a small engineering company and find the rigidity a bit stifling in terms of hiring staff . 
  i care less about someone 's degree and more about their skills and work ethic . 
  i doubt the system will change anytime soon though , it 's far too ingrained . 
  i do wish it was easier to have qualifications and degrees anerkannt . 
  i completely agree , but i also think it 's unwise to let hundreds of thousands of people sit on hartziv doing nothing and more likely that money will be put into trying to get these people to a level where they can do something productive . 
  the majority of refugees in my area ( near munich ) are afghans . 
  some friends of mine are quite involved in the local `` helferkreis '' and spend a lot of time with the refugees and even they admit the majority are completely illiterate . 
  sure , a lot of them are driven and want to work , but an illiterate 25 year old afghan who speaks only farsi is n't going to get far without significant investment in education , integration and ausbildung . 
  that said , i do hope this situation does lead to some changes in the german education and job market . 
  as a skilled immigrant i had to jump through so many hurdles in getting my degree and qualifications officially recognized so i could work here . 
  the whole system is too rigid and one-track in my opinion . 
  for example , i considered going back for a master 's degree , but could n't study what i wanted because i did n't have the correct bachelor degree , even though i have worked many years in a related industry . 
  it seems to be a statistical game of not distinguishing between the different categories of `` ausl\u00e4nder '' . 
  for example , i am an immigrant in germany , but i am also a high-skilled well-paid worker who was given a visa on that basis . 
  if you calculate the net contribution of all immigrants in germany you might see a positive , but i do n't see any calculations looking solely at refugees and excluding anyone else who qualified for visas under other conditions . 
  the container camps in my village and in the village i work in are planned to be used for the next 7 years !, 
  my in-laws live in a town where refugees were protesting this summer because they did n't want to live in a container and wanted a real house/apartment immediately . 
  they absolutely refused to listen to the city that there were no homes available and continued to protest ( of course removing any goodwill from the local people ) . 
  i just do n't understand what they were thinking . 
  can apartments materialize out of thin air ? 
  from what i can tell there is zero balance in the media . 
  i find watching the news and reading the newspapers in germany right now to be so frustrating because there is no rational discourse about any of the potential downsides and problems . 
  it 's all sunshine and rainbows in the media and it feels like if you say anything else you 're a racist or a nazi . 
  however , among local people it 's all hushed voices and nervous conversations among neighbors . 
  most people i 've talked to are n't opposed to taking some real refugees , but there is a serious concern about the number of people , the long-term plans and the possibility that a lot of these refugees are not real refugees fleeing war , but people looking for a free ride/better economic opportunities . 
  i feel like there is no discussion about what will happen long-term with these people and their families . 
  it 's not like you can just add a million plus people to your population overnight with no plan whatsoever and that 's what this situation feels like . 
  seizing empty property definitely , but i 'm not sure that 's even enough . 
  the bigger question is where are all these people and their families going to go long-term ? 
  i ca n't even imagine the kindergeld for 9 children ... my husband and i agreed to only have one and we are still waiting until next spring . 
  i 'm 28 and do n't even have one :(, 
  i completely agree . 
  my husband and i both work very hard to afford a nice house and our two cars ( one of which is 13 years old and rusting away ) . 
  we 've been putting off having our first child because of financial reasons . 
  the town next to ours was supposed to start building a new gymnasium next year , but now it 's been put off indefinitely because the land is required to house the new container camp for refugees . 
  i am just frustrated and worried about what the future will bring here . 
  i fear that things will get ugly when these refugees discover germany is n't the land of milk and honey . 
  it is our first house and we have been saving up for years to buy it . 
  we picked this area because of good property value , good schools and a nice quality of life . 
  we 're hoping to start a family here in the next year . 
  this is what i 'm wondering as well . 
  we just bought a home in an expensive area where home values are rising significantly each year . 
  i wonder what our house value will look like with a container city a few streets away . 
  in our village they are building the container village right across the street from the elementary school , against the very loud complaints from pretty much the entire village who requested that they put it closer to the gewerbegebiet . 
  at first they told us we would be getting 50 people , now it 's 100 .
