  an american ranking harvard above cambridge ? 
  colour me equally shocked . 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't trust those rankings . 
  all ranking systems are biased you see . 
  i would most definitely rank cam over harvard . 
  i would also agree that some ranking methods may be skewed but your ranking method seems to based off what you want to believe is the case . 
  at least this ranking has some semblance of rigour ( and is internationally respected ) . 
  so what you 're saying is that there is no way to measure the ranking of universities in the world . 
  not really . 
  an opposition party member is saying that turkey could , in theory , pay off the current imf loan which constitutes 0.5 % of greece 's total debt . 
  it does n't really mean anything to be honest . 
  generous , but that 's about half of one percent of greece 's total debt so a bit of a drop in the ocean . 
  you claimed there were n't enough roles . 
  i was pointing out that there are probably more roles off the front line than on it therefore there is no reason not to have female conscription at the same level as mens . 
  that would seem fair . 
  or i was thinking perhaps a slight tax cut for those who have done it . 
  true but then it goes against your argument that it 's not really forced labour because most people are content . 
  it literally is forced upon people against their will . 
  there 's still more than that . 
  tank drivers , pilots , gunners , chefs , radio operators . 
  what proportion of the army is really on foot at the front lines ? 
  would n't be that poisonous . 
  just make women do it too . 
  i ca n't imagine it would be that complicated . 
  not only that , you 'd immediately double the size of your potential military . 
  sounds like a win win to me . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  except conscription is a `` tax '' that only men have to pay . 
  if most people are content , why make it mandatory ? 
  it is still forced labour even if many do n't mind . 
  why does conscription necessarily involve putting someone on the front line ? 
  there are plenty of support and logistical roles at the very least . 
  but then if they are fringe that does n't make the strawfeminists . 
  the do exist and can be pretty vocal even if they are a tiny minority . 
  erin pizzey received heavy criticism and even death threats for trying to open up male domestic abuse centres in the uk . 
  do n't you think it 's rather insulting to her to pretend that the feminists who did this do n't exist ? 
  how about the transgender people who were and still are to a degree attacked by terfs ? 
  when a prominent feminist here in the uk described transgender people as an abomination and f to m transgender people as traitors , was she a strawfeminist ? 
  it only tarnishes feminism more to pretend that it does n't or has n't had any problems . 
  it 's also an insult to the victims of such abuse . 
  i 'm assuming there is more than one feminist organisation and that feminism is n't one homogeneous group . 
  what you are saying does n't at all disprove what the person you were responding to said . 
  are they straw feminists ? 
  or just different feminists that you like to pretend do n't exist ? 
  let 's not pretend here that feminists are all one homogenous group . 
  of course there will be some who object to this . 
  just like some prominent feminists in the uk objected to the opening of male domestic abuse centres as it took focus from `` the real victims '' straw feminist is just a lazy term used by those who want to pretend that the darker strand of feminism does n't exist . 
  it really does n't help anyone to do this . 
  the shittier side needs to be addressed and tackled just like the abhorrent terf attitudes have ( mostly ) been addressed . 
   feminists would be happy with such a center opening interesting that you are speaking for all feminists . 
  they were a number who were n't so happy when erin pizzey tried to open up domestic abuse shelters exclusively for men . 
  she received death threats and was criticised by prominent feminists in the uk for taking focus from the `` real victims '' . 
  although perhaps all these people were made of straw . 
  i do n't think i 've seen anyone say they will invade all of europe . 
  some of europe ? 
  they are literally doing it as we speak . 
  [ not really . 
  ] ( http://blogs.channel4.com/factcheck/factcheck-dodgiest-claims-election-campaign/20859 ), 
  you 're right . 
  it was all a big misunderstanding . 
  yes turks can obviously be racist . 
  that was my point , and indeed is very relevant to the original post . 
  i mentioned the armenian genocide as probably the most well known example . 
  would you prefer i did n't use evidence and examples to back up my statements ? 
  if someone stated that germans ca n't be racist and i bought up the history of the nazis , would that be irrelevant and only used to offend germans ? 
  or like here would it literally be the point of the discussion ? 
  claiming this is only used to offend turks is nothing but a persecution complex . 
  i can only imagine it 's a touchy subject because turkish society is yet to come to terms with the atrocities your country committed a century ago . 
  spam it ? 
  i think this is probably the first time i 've ever mentioned it on the internet . 
  on a post about a turkish person saying she is literally incapable of racism due to the fact that she is turkish . 
  armenians are white so her claiming , as a turkish woman , that she can not discriminate against white people due to her ethnicity , is interesting . 
  i wonder what her views on the armenian genocide are . 
  because it took the human rights act to stop it ? 
  it 's a [ long story ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_miners%27_strike_%281984%e2%80%9385%29 ) , but simply put , thatcher . 
  that 's a pretty fair writeup . 
  it was the same in the uk in the 80 's . 
  the mines were massive loss making machines and coal could be sourced elsewhere for far cheaper . 
  of course the miners union was n't happy about this and they went on massive strikes and even got violent with people who decided not to join . 
  scabs as they called them . 
  it was pretty disgraceful . 
  unions are like democratic governments . 
  would n't want to be without them but they are often full of ambitious wankers only out for themselves . 
  9/10 homeless people are men . 
  this is more strongly related to gender than things like domestic violence and rape which often ( in fact almost exclusively ) have charities devoted to helping women . 
  in fact given those numbers if i went out and took picture of three homeless people at random , its more likely than not that i would come away with 3 pictures of homeless men and none of women . 
  yes , 29 % of people were making a clever comment on orbital mechanics . 
  or they were wrong by the common definition which is that the barycentre between the earth and sun is within the sun so we can say that the earth orbits the sun . 
  and yes , given the demographics of this site i 'm pretty sure most people are aware of what you are saying . 
  and yes , you are being a smart ass . 
  well . 
  i would n't say it 's certain that viruses are n't life . 
  it 's probably better to say that their is n't a strict distinction between life and non-life . 
  also , whilst the etymology of antibiotic means anti-living thing , anti-biotics are basically only for bacteria . 
  you would n't call anti-fungal compounds anti-biotics . 
  ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/013/604/thisisbait.png ), 
  and here i am sitting in the uk eating a lovely sopocka sandwich . 
   its actually black people who skew the numbers and make us look so fat . 
  are black people not american ? 
  so like australia then ?
