  it seems like an odd complaint to me , complaining that my phone is so good and i use it so much it drains the battery therefore crapper phones that did nothing but make calls were better . 
  i 'm not sure i agree . 
  incidentally , my iphone battery lasted more than a week when i was camping and using it just as a phone ( switched off 3g , wifi and gps and did n't listen to music or watch tv ), 
   i 've seen 3 break without owning one myself , and seen dozens of already broken ones . 
  the iphone i saw shatter was dropped on a corner from a height of ~ 5cm . 
  perhaps , but i do n't think they 're as fragile as you seem to suggest . 
   or just get a phone that does n't have them and pay less . 
  true , but then you 're not complaining about battery life , you 're complaining about modern phones having too many features . 
   battery life and clumsy/breakable touchscreens thats two odd things to giggle at . 
  i ave never had a broken touchscreen on any of the smartphones i owned . 
  i did get broken buttons on all the phones i owned before though . 
  as for battery life , batteries now are far more advanced and have much greater capacities than before the original iphone . 
  the thing is we use our phones a lot more . 
  my iphone would happily last longer than a nokia brick if i only used it to make phone calls . 
  it just about lasts a day because i use it to play games , browse the internet , listen to music etc etc. 
  if you want long battery life you can easily turn all these functions off . 
  tried to fix the london housing market ? 
  now get on with those [ solar farms !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solarcity ), 
  yup , that 's why i said  between once and twice a day, 
  well i shower every morning and if i go to the gym after work i shower after the gym or if it 's been a hot and sweaty day i shower before bed ( although that would only be a quick rinse ) . 
  i have never heard those . 
  for reference everyone i know showers between once and twice a day and we change our underwear once a day . 
   16 and 17 year olds voted no by a significant margin . 
  citation please . 
  good news !, 
  but if it had gone the other way scotland would have had to put up with salmond 's smug face . 
  which is worse ? 
  who knows !, 
  well , in / r/scotland you do . 
  agreed . 
  whilst i wo n't defend every bit of american foreign policy i do appreciate what you do . 
  people moan about the americans policing the world but when shit comes to their doorstep its often you guys they come running to . 
  i doubt the eu would take it lying down and i seriously doubt the russians would have much of a chance against france and the uk . 
  absolutely . 
  i think the americans have 65,000 troops with associated equipment in europe . 
  thanks for the in depth analysis . 
  i did n't say you could n't complain . 
  i was saying that i personally thought it was good value . 
  that still works out to less than a fiver . 
  it also does n't say how much money they generate . 
  that 's quite true and something i had n't considered . 
  ahh , thanks for the clarification . 
  i got the first numbers from reputable sources but was curious about the tax receipts so i did a lazy google . 
  your numbers seem much better . 
  i 'd be careful what you wish for . 
  london has 12 % of the population but is 25 % of the gdp and contributes almost 45 % of all tax revenues in the uk . 
  and costs each tax payer 56p a year . 
  pretty good value in my opinion . 
  is there any confirmation of this story other than the daily mail . 
  they have been known to write less that truthful race baiting pieces in the past . 
  well it 's kind of self evident really but here you go : [ 1 ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/1df1c950-2dff-11e4-b760-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3d2bfgsdp ) , [ 2 ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/09/09/uk-scotland-independence-world-idukkbn0h40zz20140909 ), 
  so they wo n't default but on the international debt markets scotland will be seen as a risky investment as they are willing to play chicken with the debt . 
  what the fuck ? 
  where did you get those numbers ? 
  you think scotland has the same gpd per capita as botswana ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  are you saying that the scottish people should n't be given all the facts before they decide how to vote ? 
  standard life will necessarily have to leave if scotland breaks away as a matter of eu law i believe . 
  that and most of the restaurants round leicester square are crap . 
  speaking of food , brick lane is garbage . 
  there are so many brilliant curry places in london . 
  the only thing brick lane has going for it is the price . 
  three courses , rice , naan and an alcoholic drink for under a tenner . 
  but i guarantee it 'll be a shit curry . 
  well if they build decent infrastructure they will certainly beat the shitty 20 mb to all households by the year 3000 plan that the uk govt has . 
  also if they wish to join the eu they 'll have to offer free uni education to the rest of the uk rather than charging full rates like they do now . 
  the predictions are this could cost the scottish education budget an extra # 150m a year . 
  not necessarily all of it . 
  ship building on the clyde will move to southampton , for example . 
  i do hope the big banks and insurance companies , that will either have to move or have said they will move upon the breakup of the union , will go to the other cities . 
  london and the southeast is waaaay overdeveloped . 
  well , killed then . 
  meanwhile [ a man who murdered a a disabled guy got 4 years . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/10661790/one-punch-killer-sentence-a-joke-says-victims-mother.html ), 
  hated by some . 
  loved by others . 
  she 's more marmite than anything . 
  was n't this a discussion about military capability ? 
  if so the discussion would necessarily involve quantity as well as quality . 
  they never consented to being colonised by us either . 
  shit happens . 
  so i should n't do anything unless i can do everything ? 
  should ? 
  so if men are forced into conscription , in your equal society women should be forced to have kids . 
  or at the very least abortion should be banned . 
  i do n't know about income equality but the childbirth one sounds like bullshit . 
  women can choose to have children or not whereas presumably men can not choose not to do national service . 
  anyone know if i can buy polish apples in the uk ? 
   the burka and the niqab do not allow people to express themselves . 
  they are a hindrance to self-expression . 
  that 's kind of ridiculous . 
  self expression is not self expression if you disagree with what it 's saying ? 
   you did n't answer my question . 
  how do you distinguish between the women who want to wear a burka/niqab and those who are forced to do so ? 
  you do n't . 
  i grant you it 's not perfect . 
  but criminalising a piece of clothing because some clothing may be worn as a result of domestic abuse is like criminalising sex because some sex is rape . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  all you are going to do is isolate the abused women in question now anyway as i imagine their controlling husbands will start to restrict them leaving the house .
