  how does this make the uk hypocritical ? 
  my belief is that it 'd against my religion to go to jail . 
  score !, 
  `` 403 forbidden '' why do i feel that in some way i have been saved ? 
  that list on the side , whilst true , is counting the eu economies as separate . 
  as a whole the eu is the biggest trade partner . 
  from the same wiki page :  the eu is ukraine 's largest trading partner , with 27.1 % of exports and 33.7 % of imports in 2008 ; and trade with eu has seen strong double-digit growth in recent years . 
  i do see your point though . 
  that 's not really how analogies work . 
  what on earth has that got to do with anything ? 
  it 's an entirely meaningless statement . 
  unless shetland declared independence from scotland . 
  then they 'd be fucking rich . 
  but wait , who is the richest per capita ? 
  luxemburg . 
  are they in the eu ? 
  yup . 
  [ or queue during a riot . 
  ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/08/09/article-2023924-0d5b42b600000578-663_964x640.jpg ), 
  yeah , that 's my worry . 
  it sounds good if you get in on the deal quickly but in the end it 'll just drive demand for houses up and without more supply the benefits for the public will be minimal as house prices increase . 
  only people this will help are construction firms . 
  in my mind a better use for this money would have been a massive social housing program with a right to buy . 
  profits made on selling the houses then put into building more houses ( as it was intended in the past with right to buy ), 
  yeah , i think there is a clause that you have to have a 5 % deposit but they will loan you a further 20 % to make up the deposit . 
  you also have to tick all the boxes for a normal mortgage on being able to make repayments so it wo n't be as sub-primey as people are suggesting . 
  from their website : the government will provide buyers with an equity loan of up to 20 % of the value of a new build property . 
  the loan is interest free for the first five years . 
  from year six a fee of 1.75 % is payable on the equity loan , which rises annually by rpi inflation plus 1 % . 
  from wiki :  in finance , subprime lending ( also referred to as near-prime , non-prime , and second-chance lending ) means making loans to people who may have difficulty maintaining the repayment schedule . 
  these loans are characterized by higher interest rates , poor quality collateral , and less favorable terms in order to compensate for higher credit risk . 
  these loans have obscenely low interest rates and constitute a comparatively small proportion of the value of the house . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i think the money could have been better spent on building more houses and bringing the prices down but it 's not really a sub prime mortgage by any stretch . 
  [ yes it is . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_groups_in_europe ), 
  erm , good one ? 
  i 'm not sure a one off anecdote actually disproves the wider evidence . 
  but if you like them how about another one . 
  my granddad went to the doctors to ask about some blurry vision issues , within the day he saw the gp , within 24 hours he saw a specialist and in 48 hours he was on the operating table for a detached retina . 
  so what country are you thinking of that lets tourists and temporary workers vote ? 
  we would have a right to say they were an anachronism , yes . 
  would we have a right to demand them `` back '' . 
  nope . 
   the science is independent of any country . 
  you act as if consensus is unimportant in science when it 's , in fact , the basis of peer reviewed science . 
  when the is a proven herd immunity effect to circumcision then i might agree with you . 
  at this stage you 're just demonstrating a lack of understanding of medical science . 
  also from wikipedia on male circumcision :  could prevent or cure a wide-ranging array of medical problems and social ills , including masturbation ( considered by the victorians to be a serious problem ), 
  i agree that female circ is worse but its also more common . 
  an analogy would be that we should be tolerant of violent assaults because spree murders are worse . 
  by that logic maybe the canadians should take over alaska , the french take the channel islands , kaliningrad oblast back to poland/lithuania , french guiana to brazil , the canary islands to morocco . 
  i could go on . 
  for quite a while . 
  long story short , closeness is n't really the absolute rule in determining the sovereignty of nations . 
  well by your own quote the fact that the uk was the `` most surveilled country ' among the industrialized western states '' was based on a report that overestimated the number of cctv cameras in the uk by a factor of almost 3 . 
  furthermore , as the point of 1984 was overwhelming state oversight , i think the fact that 92 % of these cameras are privately owned is quite important . 
  this means that the report which states there the uk is the most surveilled country stated an absolute number of cctv cameras at 4.2 million . 
  in govt hands there are actually 148,000 . 
  that 's 97 % less that it might imply at first glance . 
  as for the other references : dna databases : not really meaningful compared without a serious comparison to other countries . 
  bbc report on the `` surveillance society '' is based on the discredited 4.2 million cameras report . 
  the cbn video i ca n't watch but the blurb underneath mentioned another overinflated estimation of cctv cameras . 
  which again is usually conflated with state surveillance . 
  data retention law article is interesting and unsettling . 
  but are you honestly telling me that the uk is the only country going for draconian web laws ? 
  how many crusades has reddit gone on to stop sopa , pipa etc ? 
  not really . 
   one of the most murderous regimes in world history wow , you must dislike * a lot * of flags . 
  also we 're not even close on that score . 
  i know right . 
  imagine the us with antisocial behaviour and a banking cartel . 
  unthinkable !, 
   transcendent reality you misspelt `` bronze age mythology '' . 
  i read it as specifically the catholic church and i have to agree . 
  imposing money for sex = rape !, 
  imposing money for manual labour = slavery !, 
  imposing money for items = theft !, 
   you gdp per capita is a wide margin below the german one huh ? 
  not sure where you 're getting that one from . 
  gdp per capita ( usd ) : germany - 47,590 united kingdom - 45,653 hardly a `` wide margin '' . 
  our gdp growth is also stronger so our gdp per capita is due to overtake germany some time in the next year or two depending on who you ask . 
  it would n't be without precedent either . 
  before the recession we had a higher gdp per capita than germany and had done for many years . 
  in his original post he was referring to turing away `` people so clearly in need '' . 
  not all people `` clearly in need '' are asylum seekers . 
  would you turn away 3 billion `` people so clearly in need '' just because they do n't fall under a certain technical definition ? 
  woah woah , so are you telling me that we should help people within our capacity to do so , but not expect to help everyone because we ca n't ? 
  sounds dangerously to me like you are saying we should `` turn away [ some ] people so clearly in need '' . 
  sounds a bit hypocritical to me . 
  so you would let in all 3,000,000,000 then ? 
  then why is germany intending to turn people away ? 
  germany has set a quota of 800,000 migrants this year and 500,000 each year onwards . 
  but there are 22 million people in syria , 3 billion in need in the rest of the developing world . 
  why is germany not opening their arms to all of them ? 
  why are you turning away people so clearly in need ? 
  this picture alone does n't really mean much . 
  assuming they are the same person then this could easily be peshmerga fighter . 
  if that 's the case then i would n't necessarily have a problem granting asylum . 
  well the refugee camps are no picnic but i assume it 's better than risking drowning in the med .
