  how would you feel about performing those on all baby girls ? 
  or perhaps wait till 18 to asses the real risk on a person-to-person basis and ask for their consent , just like we do with preemptive mastectomies . 
  the entire world fertility rate is now 2.3 and dropping . 
  there are only a handful of countries with fertility rates over 3 now . 
  birth rates really are n't the problem any more . 
  the uk ? 
  as in the landmass or the entire country ? 
  but in fairness you 're right . 
  that is what people said and they were both wrong . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uncodified_constitution ), 
  huh , i thought that was n't allowed . 
  fair enough . 
  looks like we had been doing it for a while ( the early 19th century ) but many industries , like butchers , were dragging their feet . 
  so joining the eec did force it upon these industries . 
  still , metric is objectively better and we 've been using it for decades . 
  it 's idiotic to go back to an inferior system due to misplaced nostalgia . 
  i guess that depends on the person . 
  i would n't know what that was in stone . 
  still , i suppose i was reffering specifically to the shops . 
  i do n't know anyone that buys pounds and ounces of meat or fish . 
  i guess that 's true . 
  what i suppose i mean is generally . 
  for individual items like a pint of beer , miles and a quarter pounder then we use it by itself . 
  for everything else and for converting things around i do n't know many people that use the old system . 
  i suppose it 's a bit of a hybrid . 
  still , if i went to the butcher and they were telling me the cost in pounds per ounce i would have to convert over as that means nothing to me . 
  it was either that or buy a set of cups . 
  i ai n't got time for that !, 
   the average person is n't going to take an american recipe and do all the conversions , they 're going to use pounds/ounces/cups / etc. 
  i dunno , that 's exactly what i do . 
   ` all the customers wanted it back in pounds , ' says darren gratton all the customers ? 
  how old are his customers ? 
  most people 40 and under do n't think in pounds and ounces . 
  also metrification started in the 60 's and had nothing to do with the eu . 
  not really , it only accounted for only a very small amount . 
  out of interest , what regulations are you referring to ? 
   in what way ? 
  he does n't have a job , no power , is n't on the negotiating table , his party is likely to die since they do n't really have a big issue to latch on to . 
  he can not guide what will come . 
  are you saying farage has , and has had no power over these past few years ? 
  then what exactly has he done ? 
  is he not at all responsible for brexit ? 
  would it have happened without him and his party ? 
  well considering we have n't even activated article 50 yet , perhaps following through ? 
  perhaps lobbying the government during the negotiation process so the vision he promised to his supporters actually has a chance of existing ? 
  i saw an analogy in another thread which was pretty apt . 
  he 's like a guy who says his ambition is to get a degree from cambridge and when he 's finally accepted onto a course after years of studying he claims his work is done and never actually attends . 
  its a bit pathetic . 
  fucking brilliant idea , kick out around 3 million economically active eu migrants and receive back a half a million retirees . 
  [ whereas gove is the perfect man . 
  ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2012/3/12/1331571750348/stephen-collins-17-march--001.jpg?w=940&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=49ed83844fa6a84099a085229c05f2f7 ), 
  hmmm , you 've now removed your comment ( i wonder why ) but it said something along the lines of wanting to see england suffer . 
  seems like you 're backpedaling a bit . 
   that 's unthinkable to happen even here . 
  racist slurs on the bus against other white people ? 
  attacking white shop owners ? 
  are you saying it 's unthinkable because the victims are white ? 
   that 's unthinkable to happen even here . 
  racist slurs on the bus against other white people ? 
  attacking white shop owners ? 
  are you saying they 're unthinkable because the victims are white ? 
  edit : just noticed i responded to the wrong person . 
  why ? 
  would it not be better if it worked out ok for everyone ? 
  or as well as can be expected ? 
  you actually want an entire nation , including the millions of people who voted against this to suffer just so you get to feel smug ? 
  you say this has nothing to do with bad blood but you seem to have a bit of a chip on your shoulder . 
  whilst i do n't believe it , it certainly does feel like it on / r/europe . 
  but labour lost a huge number of their supporters to ukip in the last election so of course the remaining labour supporters would be more pro-europe . 
  what corbyn failed to do was attract back the anti-eu , ukip defectors . 
  that 's a very difficult conclusion to draw . 
   majority of labour supporters voted remain whilst it 's true it 's partly because labour ( and the tories ) lost a lot of voters to ukip in the last election . 
  that being the case of course the remaining labour voters would be more pro-europe . 
  cornyn did n't need to do much to convince those who stayed with the party . 
   he achieved what he needed to achieve . 
  what he failed to do is bring back those who switched from labour to ukip . 
  this is exactly my hope . 
  what tax are you referring to ? 
  all taxes like vat for example ? 
  then surely anyone who has purchased anything ever can vote then . 
  including children buying penny sweets . 
  or are you only referring to income tax ? 
  in which case you think the unemployed , stay at home parents or anyone earning under # 10k a year should n't get to vote ? 
  interesting perspective in democracy there . 
  no they did n't . 
  they voted to join the eec in 1973 . 
  this is quite a different entity to the eu which was formally established in 1993 . 
  russia is a pretty big place . 
  i 'm sure there are wealthy bits and poor bits . 
  i 'm just saying , going off the figures i could find , the median income for a russian is less the the income for 99 % ( the calculator i used only gave whole percentages so i ca n't be more specific than that ) of british people , for example . 
  although i 'm sure things are cheaper there like they are in other developing countries . 
  it is is n't it ? 
  it has a gdp per capita of around $ 12500 ( and falling ) which puts it 56th in the world and poorer than the rest of the developed world . 
  the average monthly income in russia is around $ 500 ( and falling ) which would be considered poverty levels in most developed countries . 
  the gdp is between spain and italy . 
  countries that are far small in size , resources and population . 
  [ triggered !, 
  that 's a very fair point . 
  part of me wonders if there is a deeper and better explanation for some of these seemingly irrelevant metrics they use . 
  if there is its not evident on their site .
