  they were persuaded and forced to stay there for political reason and the earliest colonies were far from self sufficient . 
  many people died of starvation trying to colonise australia and they relied heavily on support from the rest of the empire . 
  in fact australia was colonised later than the falklands , already had a native population and was part colonised by the dutch as well . 
  so in your estimation it should be even worse in those respects . 
  now tell me . 
  is australia not a proper democracy ? 
  do they not have a proper right to decide to have the queen as their head of state and be part of the commonwealth . 
  should they allow themselves to be taken over by indonesia because it is quite near by ? 
  in fact indonesia predates australia so this really is n't looking good for australia is it ? 
  i 'm really not sure what you are trying to say . 
  the british were the first people to properly colonise the island . 
  it was entirely uninhabited before that . 
  and this all happened before argentina is a country . 
  that being the case argentina is an irrelevance . 
  the islands have nothing to do with them . 
  regarding `` ensuring the democratic rights on the island '' , i have no idea what you mean . 
  they * are * democratic . 
  and they democratically elected to remain a british overseas territory . 
  what more is there to be said ? 
  which is incidentally older than argentina . 
  woah , first time i 've seen cuckfield on reddit !, 
  but yes , we are a proud and noble race . 
  now where is our independence referendum ? 
  pretty much . 
  [ france and denmark have equally popular anti eu parties ] ( https://d28wbuch0jlv7v.cloudfront.net/images/infografik/normal/chartoftheday_2293_far_right_leads_eurosceptic_earthquake_n.jpg ) . 
  thank you . 
  it one of the main reasons ( among many ) that i ca n't stand ukip . 
  they create such such hostility to us in europe . 
  i think it 's part of their strategy . 
  i know . 
  i 'm very pro eu but i can understand , given the hostility toward the british in here , why many are n't so supportive . 
  i kind of like it . 
  true . 
  i should be noted that employment will never be 100 % . 
  there will always be early retirees , long term sick/disabled , stay at home parents etc. . . 
  the good news is 73.2 is the highest employment rate ever recorded in the uk . 
  also you are right in that there is nothing wrong with zero hour contracts , per se . 
  they can be quite good . 
  it 's their misuse that 's a problem . 
  i 've been a few times , it 's a wonderful country to visit and i would probably live there for a short period but i would n't want to live there permanently . 
  one of the major reasons is healthcare . 
  i ca n't imagine living in a country without state healthcare . 
  in general there is not enough socialism for my liking . 
  also i simply feel more at home in europe . 
  i would probably move to other parts of europe if given the opportunity . 
  exactly . 
  i would have though it was a much larger public health issue . 
  children are n't possessions that a parent can do what they like with . 
  there have been many cases where children have been taken away for refusing medical treatments for their children for stupid reasons . 
  secondly if this is the case :  i think that one 's right to his own body is more important than will of others then by your own logic this does n't apply :  up to 18 years of age parents are responsible for the child you 've basically just stated that people have the right to their own bodies unless they are children in which case others act on their behalf . 
  if you think a child 's right to his/her own body is superseded by a parents right to decide for them then why not the government as well ? 
  i get the impression that they are but from the other end . 
  they check for embezzlement at the other end , through proper accounting and auditing of government books . 
  we can trust this process in the uk so the extra checks are just unnecessary bureaucracy that apparently causes problems . 
  the process that the mps are now being exempted from is for people embezzling money from countries where we ca n't rely on those primary checks so we put up a second layer of protection . 
   face veil is a tool to dehumanize women and force them into submission and obedience so if this law is designed to protect women , why is the law designed to criminalise the women ? 
  are there another laws that protect the so called victim by prosecuting them rather than the perpetrator ? 
  i ca n't see the logic where you protect women from being told what clothes they have to wear by telling them what clothes they can wear . 
  and what if they choose to wear them ? 
  some women think it 's sexist that there are laws that force them to cover their breasts in public when men do n't have to . 
  do you think the best way to overcome this is to give women the option to cover themselves or not and criminalise people from forcing others to do it ? 
  or do you think we should go down the route of this law and ban women from covering their breasts whether they want to or not ? 
  i would imagine wales has some quite dramatic regional variation . 
   i am in a forest . 
  i say i see choppers . 
  i call the border guard . 
  they come ... of course they ca n't verify what i 'm saying . 
  possibly , although the article does n't explicitly state that he called the border guards . 
   does russia and others do this kind of stuff ? 
  yes . 
  sometimes on mistakes , sometimes on purpose . 
  but usually there 's more proof than a guy who said he saw them . 
  especially when it concerns russia people are very quick to prove these things . 
  as the saying goes , extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . 
  i think the exception proves the rule . 
  this claim is so un-extraordinary due to how often it happens ( that is almost every day ) then i really do n't feel i need particularly significant evidence to buy it . 
   no radar , no ministry of defence declaration , no military observers in the area ... ??? 
  i do n't know how these things work . 
  yeah , it is a bit odd , but like i say , the russians do this so often i 'm just saying i would n't be surprised if this were true . 
  the article also mentions that border force were also sent to the area . 
  that and the very long list of precedents of the russians doing this makes me inclined to believe it . 
  it 's like reading a report of the forestry worker saying that the saw a bear shitting in the woods . 
  sure , i have n't got much more evidence than that , but c'mon . 
  it 's a bear shitting in the woods . 
  what maths ? 
  do you have the formula that led to the statement you made about 1000 representing almost 3 million !!, 
  well it 's standard statistics . 
  [ here is a page that explains it and includes a calculator for the equation . 
  ] ( https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/mp/margin-of-error-calculator/ ) i 'm not sure i get your other point . 
  this survey may be flawed in other ways . 
  biased sampling for example . 
  all i was saying is that if the methods of collecting the responses and deciding on the people to ask was fair then 1000 people is more that enough to draw conclusions on a population of 3 million . 
  because a sample size of 1000 in a population of 2,706,066 ( wiki number of muslims in the uk ) gives a confidence level of 99 % with margin of error of 4 % . 
   he is questioning the claim that the 1000 sample used actually represent the views and thoughts of millions of muslims in the uk . 
  you do n't have to be that bright to know that it does n't . 
  do you disagree with the mathematics ? 
  why do you think those thousand people do n't represent muslims in the uk ? 
  can you show that there was a biased or poor sample selection ? 
  that is the spirit of the law . 
  if you do n't think people should be able to pass gifts tax free to their children then get rid of the tax relief on gifts .
