  who 'd have guessed ? 
  what is european culture ? 
  we are n't all homogeneous . 
  my first part was saying that it is illegal in many places in europe for women to show their breasts in public . 
  why is this any different from women covering their faces for modesty ? 
  tell me . 
  is it legal for women to go topless anywhere a man can in europe ? 
  in the places that it is , is it so accepted that no woman feels pressured to cover her breasts by her family or cultural traditions ? 
  if not then why do n't we ban women from covering their breasts ? 
  you know , to protect them from misogyny . 
  also , why are we criminalising the women if it 's about protecting the women ? 
  that 's like trying to fight domestic abuse by making it illegal to be punched . 
  if we really were making a stand against the subjugation of women , how does it make sense to do it by restrict women 's choices further ? 
   european culture as opposed to one that encourages such horrific displays of deeply-ingrained misogyny . 
  opposed in what way ? 
  many muslim women see it as the appropriate way to dress and that anything less is immodest . 
  in many/most countries it europe it is * illegal * for a woman to uncover her breasts in public ( whilst it 's not for men ) as it is seen as immodest . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  even if it was legal i imagine you would still find many parents telling their daughters to cover up . 
  would it then be sensible for a law to be passed banning women from covering their breasts to protect them from misogyny ? 
  what about eating chinese food ? 
  should that be banned in public because it is at odds with european culture ? 
  what about wearing low rider trousers ? 
  that was originally a sign of political protest in black south africans . 
  what about screening bollywood movies in public ? 
  or speaking another language ? 
  why not criminalise those ? 
  and what do you even mean by european culture ? 
  how homogenous do you think europe is ? 
  nope , i think this is more about islamophoba than anything else . 
  so why are we criminalising the women if it 's about protecting the women ? 
  that 's like trying to fight domestic abuse by making it illegal to be punched . 
   `` the nhs ? 
  good lord , no one uses that . '', 
  wow , that woman is so disconnected from reality we could probably use her to develop subspace travel . 
  oops . 
  yeah , i cocked up the calculation . 
  in fairness 0.4 % would mean 1.5 million in the uk so i guess you are right . 
  to expand on the link you sent . 
  overt hypothyroidism which is linked to weight gain is only seen in 0.3-0 .4 % of the population . 
  i would argue that this is quite rare . 
  and for those people who suffer from this , there are very straightforward treatments for the condition . 
  where it says that 4.3 -- 8.5 % of the population have subclinical hypothyroidism , it should be noted that there is not a definite ink between subclinical hypothyroidism and weight gain . 
  in fact some studies suggest the reverse might be the case ; that obesity can be a cause of subclinical hypothyroidism . 
  spot on . 
  i think a few people are taking this too seriously . 
  i guess it 's like anti-semite for not supporting israel . 
  their cause is weak/unjust , so they appropriate the words of other struggles to provide some superficial legitimacy to their movement . 
  i 'm not making it out , i 'm inferring it from what you said . 
  i may be wrong but it 's the impression i was given . 
   xenophobia in the uk . 
  shocking . 
  and  this is why i hate the wide net that is ` uk ' in scotland we are not xenophobic -_- implication : the english are skewing it for the noble scots . 
  surprisingly if you look into it [ the same thing has hapenned in polling stations in scotland as well . 
  ] ( http://edinburgheye.wordpress.com/2014/05/24/should-the-euro-elections-be-declared-invalid/ ), 
  is that meant to be some form of subtle irony ? 
  `` do n't lump us in with the dirty english , us scots are n't xenophobic ! '', 
  if it is its pretty good !, 
  so you did n't read the article i 'm guessing . 
  well i would n't say that i buy the cheapest tea . 
  the cheap teas can often be weak as shit or leave a load of powder in the bottom of your mug . 
  but when it comes to making it all i know is it 's black tea and i could n't care less if you put the milk in first or last . 
  i see . 
  i 've never thought of that . 
   when you take into account vat , the poor almost certainly pay a higher percentage of their income in tax i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  why would this be the case ? 
  well the current approach for high level waste is to chemically bind it to borosilicate glass and weld this into stainless steel containers that are buried up to a km below ground . 
  if they 're in barrels they are low level waste . 
  this would include , for example , gloves from you local hospital that were used in the imaging department . 
  if it was high level waste it is set / bound to borosolicate glass , welded into stainless steel containers then buried up to a kilometer underground . 
  they do n't just chuck it down an old mine in a leaky barrel . 
  trying to find the original source for the data is apparently quite a challenge but [ here is a guardian article . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/jul/10/income-gap-narrowest-margin-25-years ) key bit :  the office for national statistics said that in 2011-12 the gap between rich and poor was at its narrowest since 1986 , measured using the internationally recognised gini index . 
  saying that , do you agree with the ban on female circ ? 
  so shall we start doing female circ in hospitals then ? 
  i mean surely banning it entirely is also `` xenophobic anti-immigrant sentiment . '', 
  well i for one am looking forward to the day you join ( and hope my own country is n't stupid enough to leave in the mean time ) . 
  ^ and ^ not ^ because ^ ukrainians ^ all ^ appear ^ to ^ be ^ incredibly ^ attractive good luck !, 
  is there a purpose to you being a dick about it ? 
  whilst this is true , france has an amazing healthcare system i would ' t say the system itself is better than the uk but that the french invest a lot more money ( half as much again per capita if i recall correctly ) . 
  the uk system is pretty good for outcomes versus money put in . 
  assuming cameron does n't fuck it up too badly . 
  i love you germany , do n't ever change !, 
  you have 4 downvotes . 
  i think you 're doing ok . 
  here is a link to someone explaining why the 5 year cancer survival rate is an unreliable way to compare countries . 
  i do n't think it was going to be larger . 
  it was meant to be about 84 km in circumference . 
  this is planned to be 100 km . 
  christ , where were you staying ? 
  i 've lived and travelled in europe my whole life and never seen the bin rule . 
  oh god , the fedora tipping !, 
  [ here 's an article about all the orderly queuing done in the uk . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-25161829 ), 
  oh , i would * love * that !, 
  there are no children in my house but ill still have to call up to `` opt out '' . 
  as we ca n't be sure there will be children at parliament ( family members , school trips , work experience ) i think it would be best if we 're to block porn in parliament and let it be unblocked office by office at the request of the occupant . 
  much better . 
  really not . 
  they sold them something that is as near to common table salt as you can get and a newspaper basically fabricated a story around this .
