  of course we do n't have fuses in the power box . 
  almost every house in the uk has switchable circuit breakers . 
  fuses have n't been used for decades in that context . 
   most youngsters avoid physical work like the plague is there any proof that this is at all the case ? 
  you do know there are a lot of charities for causes in other countries . 
  the last charity i donated to was doctors without borders . 
  how does that imply a failure in british society ? 
  quite possibly . 
  after the vote police were on high alert for hate crimes and encouraged people to report them . 
  so the raise in reported hate crime could be that hate crime has increased , or that people are more comfortable reporting it , or both . 
  who knows . 
  this is why i 'm investing in [ gold bars . 
  ] ( https://jakemcmillan.files.wordpress.com/2010/05/mcvities-gold-bar.jpg ), 
  yup , never heard of it until now and i appreciated the explanation . 
  fertility rate in greece is 1.34 per woman . 
  i 'm not sure how greece going full on children of men would solve any problems . 
  but [ we love salt and vinegar . 
  ] ( https://www.walkers.co.uk/images/default-source/default-album/wg3.png?sfvrsn=6 ), 
  i ca n't picture it happening , but it would be hilarious !, 
   scotland is in the uk , but vote over 60 % to remain in the eu . 
  that 's a very large difference of opinion with their fellow countrymen over such a critical issue . 
  there were similar differences across many regions of the uk , but i agree that if it 's a dealbreaker for many scots then perhaps they should vote again . 
   even though it is a constitutional monarchy the presence of the queen itself is an infringement . 
  they should abandon the monarchy and create a system based on just principles , not `` her majesties this and that '' . 
  the majority of british people want to keep the royal family . 
  they 're less popular amongst scots but still the majority want them to remain . 
  it was actually a point in the scottish referendum that the snp were discussing the possibility of keeping the royal family and the queen as head of state , even if they voted out . 
   because of the fact that britain was the most successful colonial power british people feel this entitles them to special treatment today . 
  even during the negotiations preceding brexit , they want `` opt-outs '' and other things . 
  i doubt this has anything to do with colonialism . 
  denmark , ireland and poland also have opt-outs and other countries have negotiated opt-outs before . 
   europe can not stand as 30 or 40 independent nations acting on their own , there must be a cohesive decision making body that can project european power . 
  this legacy is changing by the way with the new generation . 
  once old generation dies out in 15-20 years uk will re-integrate with the eu again anyways . 
  that is something i do agree with . 
  i hope that if we do leave , we will sort our shit out and rejoin as a committed member , not a half-arsed one . 
   florida is a state in the us . 
  it was never its own country like scotland is . 
  ok , texas then . 
   there is no power imbalance in favor of the scottish there is . 
  i 've shown you why and you 've failed to address any of the points . 
  are you honestly telling me that i made up the `` west lothian question '' or something ? 
   scotland 's vote to remain was based in large part to remain in the eu . 
  they have a long term vision of europe united , as opposed to the uk 's vision of ... citation needed . 
  the reasons they voted to remain were many and varied . 
  saying it was all about the eu is plain old revisionism . 
  but feel free to show me any data that proves otherwise . 
  polling or surveys of why people voted the way they did would be ideal . 
   but the uk with its brexit vote scotland is in the uk . 
  we 've covered this . 
  you might want to watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnu8xdbsn10 ) as you seem quite confused about all the terms . 
   i personally believe that scotland and great britain should be united as one nation , but i do n't believe the current structure allows for this in a fair way . 
  can you explain why it is n't fair ? 
   as long as the legacy of the british empire remains and it 's a `` kingdom '' it will never be equal . 
  legacy in what sense ? 
   lol `` part of the uk '' has a real nice spin to it . 
  i mean , it 's also literally , geographically the case . 
  kind of like how florida is part of the usa . 
  would you consider that spin ? 
   the uk 's central authority lies with great britain , as does scotland . 
  also literally , geographically the case . 
   lol , why would 50 million english be allowed to vote on issues that concern scotland , a nation of roughly 6 million . 
  i 'm sure there is no conflict of interest there right ? 
  they should n't . 
  i never suggested they should . 
  i was simply saying that the scottish can vote on all english matters whereas the english can not vote on devolved scottish matters . 
  that is the power imbalance i 'm referring to . 
  quite simple . 
   scotland clearly does not want to be part of a system they literally * just * voted that they did . 
   it will leave the uk and re-enter a more logical union with the island , one that is not a monarchy . 
  doubtful but it 's up to them i guess . 
   by then the queen will likely be dead anyways and the monarchy is unlikely to continue in a meaningful way . 
  possibly . 
  as long as the duchy of cornwall keeps making nice biscuits i 'm not particularly fussed . 
  you really think the best way to go about international politics is for every country who once owned a part of what is now another country gets to decide if they have it back ? 
  that would be one hell of a shitstorm . 
  just take the usa . 
  does mexico get all of the southern states ? 
  does england get back the east coast or does it all go back to the native americans ? 
  how about europe . 
  where would you redraw those borders ? 
  what date do we set as the proper borders and all conquests before that do n't count ? 
  or do we ask the people who now live in those places what they want irrespective of whatever crimes you think their ancestors committed ? 
  why would you ask the irish ? 
  it 's a different country . 
  it 's like asking mexico if they want texas to succeed from the usa . 
  it 's not really their decision any more . 
  [ not really . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/92/northern_ireland_life_and_times_survey_constitutional_preference.png ), 
   scotland is subservient to the uk in matters of state . 
  scotland is part of the uk , not subservient to it . 
  that 'd be like saying yorkshire is subservient to the uk . 
  do you mean they are subservient to the english ? 
   could scotland have backed out of the iraq invasion ? 
  they voted on it like every other mp . 
  and funnily enough the [ scottish parliament was in favour of it at the time . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/2665027.stm )  scotland does not have more political power than their english counterparts . 
  what are you basing this on ? 
  what i said above . 
  they have an equal right to vote on matters that affect the whole of the uk , just like every other person in the uk .
