  i can see why it is irritating given that the uk may be leaving the eu , but we have n't yet and there is still a slim chance we 'll remain in some capacity . 
  i also feel i should apologise if i 've been a bit aggressive . 
  the eu is a touchey subject here at the moment ( as you might imagine ) but i do wish our stance was more favourable . 
  because you are suggesting its a move designed to undermine the eu out of pure hatred . 
  i 'm saying that 's a bit hysterical and that there are solid pragmatic reasons to vote against this proposal and that can be seen in the fact that multiple countries voted against it . 
  you also compared a vote against the proposal as akin to voting to burn down an apartment block . 
  using this analogy implies that the vote against the proposal is , in and of itself , destructive . 
  if that is the case i was wondering why you think 6 other countries also voted for this destructive act and why it suddenly becomes ok . do you honestly think that 6 countries voted against it for sensible reasons but the uk voted against it because they want to sabotage the eu ? 
  this is the sort of hysterical rhetoric that was thrown around in the run up to the referendum where a countries policy position can be boiled down in to simple and empty platitudes . 
  lets try to be sensible here . 
  you also ignored the part where we have n't left yet and might not leave . 
  and also , would you have considered it sabotage if they had voted in favour ? 
  well i 'm not sure that 's a particularly apt analogy . 
  its more like voting against a redecoration in the apartment building knowing that you 've decided you might sell your flat in two and half years but have n't done so yet and it 's not necessarily a done deal . 
  and you were n't the only ones to vote against it . 
  6 other flats in the block also voted against it . 
  and the only reason you are allowed in that owners meeting is because you have n't actually sold your flat yet , its not a done deal , and you 're still paying your rent . 
  seems fair to me . 
  but given your argument above you 'd still consider it a terrible thing if this hypothetical person voted with the majority against burning the flat down simply because he might be moving out in two and a half years . 
  so you 're saying that voting * at all * is trying to undermine the eu ? 
  what if we had voted in favour , and with the majority . 
  would that count as undermining the eu ? 
  also we do n't know if the uk will leave the eu , or if it does , on what terms . 
  there is still a question over the legalities of the referendum and there is certainly prescience for eu member states to ignore referendum results or hold second votes . 
  for example when ireland voted against the lisbon treaty in 2005 . 
  that being the case , whilst we 're still a member and whilst we sill pay our fees then we have the right to vote . 
  if you do n't like the system feel free to write to your mep . 
   the only reason britain says no - already knowing it would not matter in the future for them - is because they think it 's better for them so the uk is voting in its best interest and that 's a bad thing ? . 
  tell me , which country voted against its best interests ? 
   `` we are an anti eu government now !, 
  lets do everything to undermine them '' . 
  would you argue the same for denmark and ireland considering they voted the same way with even greater proportions ? 
  in fact looking at the simple majorities of meps the uk voted the same was as germany , greece , sweden and finland as well . 
  are germany trying to undermine the eu because of how their meps voted ? 
  you think the uk government conspired to lure this research vessel into gib waters so they could fire a few flares as some kind of grand distraction from what ? 
  the autumn statement ? 
  i 'll give you a clue . 
  [ this was a bigger news story today . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-38048793 ), 
   in the uk 56 % ( up from 49 % ) fucksake . 
  i did n't say one should . 
  trump was suggesting that the usa should ban muslims from entering at all , permanent , temporary , on holiday , business , anything ... 
   where is the moderate indonesian majority standing up to this ? 
  sounds a lot like collective responsibility to me . 
  but in answer to your question , moderate muslims [ do all the time ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/kelly-james-clark/why-dont-moderate-muslims_b_8722518.html ) . 
  it 's just not very newsworthy apparently . 
  one quote from the article to answer your question about indonesia specifically :  nahdlatul ulama ( nu ) , the largest islamic organization in the world with 50 million members , has launched a global anti-extremism campaign . 
  nu has been working hand-in-hand with the indonesian government since 2002 to defeat extremism ( indonesia is the largest muslim country in the world ) . 
  the problem i see is that people are always whinging that muslims do n't denounce extremists . 
  the thing is many , many of them do , all the time . 
  for some reason they are usually ignored . 
  on the occasion people do pay attention they then start some pedantic argument about how they ca n't be `` real '' muslims because the quran says x , y and z. 
  not sure i understand ? 
  i was more referring to trumps travel ban though he seems to have flip flopped on that ( like 90 % of his promises ), 
  that banning a quarter of the world from entering your country because of the actions of a few is ridiculously unworkable . 
  a tight timescale but i believe france can do it . 
  i ca n't say i 'm at all an expert on french energy policy , but i have this impression that france is very forward thinking and seems to do things properly . 
  i wish we would to . 
  the bit i 'm mostly shocked about is that we 're in the future already . 
  where 's my hovercar ? 
  you do know muslims constitute about a quarter of the world 's population right ? 
  at first i thought ` typical , putting it off for ages so the next generation can deal with it . ', 
  then i realised 2023 is in just over 6 years !, 
  fair point . 
  i think it 's more the fact that she says she cant work because she has agoraphobia and ca n't leave the house ... but she does leave the house to volunteer in a charity shop . 
  well i was only being sarcastic . 
  still russia may be a threat in future . 
  it has invaded several of its neighbours since the turn of the century , including one right next to poland . 
  the only reason it is so outrageous to think russia will invade poland is because poland is in the eu and nato . 
  get rid of those two and yeah , it might be a bit of a possibility . 
  fair enough . 
  perhaps nato is due for renegotiation . 
  it was born in the cold war and perhaps it is out of date . 
  also i should note that elsewhere i 've been shown that [ 2 % is n't actually a proper nato target ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5cwtr0/european_nato_partners_defence_budget_as_of_gdp/da0l74a/ ) so it seems i have been wrong during this entire discussion anyway . 
  apologies . 
   create alliances ... erm what ? 
  you mean like nato ? 
  ok , that leaves me feeling a bit of tit . 
  thanks for the interesting read though . 
   china 's military budget is 146b , where do you get your numbers ? 
  from wiki , i notice they have two estimates though . 
  either way do you think this will be static ? 
  china 's gdp growth is 7.7 % , the eu is 0.3 % . 
  at that rate in 5 years their military will be far larger than ours , in ten years it will be double the size . 
  i guess we could offset this significantly by spending 2 % though . 
  perhaps even have an organisation/treaty with another powerful set of allies in the north atlantic . 
  we could call it noat , or nato or something . 
  i know , i mean c'mon . 
  it 's been at least 2 years since russia invaded a european neighbour ( also poland 's neighbour incidentally ) . 
  it 's definitely never going to happen again . 
  1 % would require luxembourg to increase defence spending by 250 % . 
  also 1 % of the eu 's gdp ( post brexit ) will be about $ 144 billion . 
  that would mean this proposed defence union would have a military budget a third smaller than china 's ( and with china 's gdp increasing far more rapidly than the eu this gulf will only get bigger ) . 
  not really the same . 
  in fact it would only be about 40 % bigger than saudi arabia 's military budget ( whose gdp growth is also double ours ) . 
  i 'd hardly call that `` more than enough . '', 
  fair enough . 
  bit far from your original claim that only the uk opposed it though . 
  one thing though , it might be worth having a mandatory minimum military expenditure otherwise countries like luxembourg might just leech of the rest . 
  which brings me back to my original question , why be in nato at all .
