how so ? 
   the bnp , with a similar number of candidates to the greens , got around twice as many votes last election . 
  should we include them , too ? 
  if we include the greens then yes . 
  you do n't get to exclude parties from the debate just because you disagree with them . 
  i 'm kind of hoping that it will go ahead . 
  i feel that we will probably vote by a slim margin to remain after which all the `` i did n't vote to be in the eu '' bullshit will start to subside and we will engage more effectively in the union . 
  well russia alone has a gdp of around 2.1 trillion so not a huge amount extra . 
  for comparison , this article puts the trading bloc 's total gdp at 2.4 trillion dollars . 
  this would place it just below the uk and around 7 times smaller than the eu . 
  you 're trying too hard . 
  subtle trolling is usually more effective . 
   finally , i still hate your politicians and french basher press  finally , i still hate your politicians and french basher press oh christ . 
  we do too !, 
  and thanks for the kind words !, 
  i 've only just discovered that in the past few days and i 'd now say it 's my favourite . 
  it 's really quite tedious for us british eu supporters . 
  thats a fine line to tread . 
  would you say that the usa is n't a legitimate country ? 
  it has existed for less than 300 years and exists in land taken form the native americans . 
  does the us government not have the right to decide what happens to national artefacts of pre usa origin ? 
  as far as i am aware the health benefits to which you are referring are very minimal . 
  the only case where i can see it being worthwhile is perhaps in subsaharan africa as another line of defence against hiv . 
  in any case thank you for the calm , rational discussion . 
  these discussion often get a little too heated . 
  you have given me a few interesting points to consider . 
  well i would n't lump all female circumcision in with all male circumcision . 
  it 's completed . 
  when the un says that female circumcision is bad for all the reasons you describe they are referring to it as a whole , lumping everything from the total removal of the clitoris ( which is analogous to chopping of the whole head of the penis ) to a simple removal of the clitoral hood ( which is a biological homologue to the foreskin ) . 
  ultimately all of these are banned . 
  male genital mutilation can go from penile sub incision ( where the whole penis is split from the head to the base ) down to normal circumcision . 
  where i stand is that i agree that circumcision has very few bad side effects but nonetheless it is genital cosmetic surgery done for cultural reasons on a person who does not have the ability to consent . 
  i would rather it be banned ( except for cases of medical necessity ) for children and then allow adults to choose whether they have it done for cultural reasons when they grow up . 
  but they are biologically analogous so if you believe one should be allowed then surely the other should be as well ? 
   fgm is a human-rights violation according to the who and un , circucision is not . 
  that 's my point , either they both should be or neither should be . 
  which do you choose ? 
  so you are saying we should allow type one female genital mutilation then ? 
   most people dont give a flying fuck if they are circumsice or not then banning it will cause no problems then ? 
  glad we cleared that up . 
   has islamophobia really gone that far ? 
  not just islam but all religions . 
  i mean why ca n't i stone gays and burn apostates any more . 
  will this persecution never end !, 
  and also a load of butthurt americans . 
  so we should n't ban non-consensual organ harvesting then ? 
  not all female circumcision involves removing the clitoris . 
  some type involve removing just the clitoral hood . 
  this is directly anbalagous to male circumcision . 
  it is also illegal . 
  fair enough . 
  thats a pretty comprehensive counterargument . 
  thanks . 
  ok , i apologise if i upset you . 
  shall we refrain from the insults from now on ? 
   if you 're picking and choosing who you compare yourself to , its an irrelevant comparison i did n't pick and choose . 
  this was a list of almost every country relevant to the discussion and is far more comprehensive than even ops link which only contains european countries . 
   at least the ones that are convenient to you . 
  as soon as you added a few more countries you suddenly dropped to 6th . 
  that should prove my point perfectly , bitch . 
  you seemed to misunderstand what i wrote . 
  i was saying of the four first world countries missing from the list , two would be placed below for sure , the other two may be above or below but i ca n't find the relevant information . 
  * at worst * the uk would be placed two places lower on a list of and put us 6th out of 72 but it may have no effect at all . 
  given that neither of us has the information to hand we can not assume it one way or the other . 
  but even at the most extreme the uk will either be 4th or 6th . 
  hardly a massive change and both very good positions indeed . 
  to put it another way , if i were picking and choosing countries to boost the uks position on the list that means i must have removed countries which are ranked higher . 
  what countries are you saying i ignored ? 
   show me where i provide a list of countries ? 
  really ? 
  your counterargument is that i mistook you for someone else ? 
   can you think ? 
  mate , there is no need to get upset . 
  i 'm just trying to have a conversation about economics here . 
  lets make this simple . 
  the list i provided contains almost every first world country . 
  how does this constitute picking and choosing countries to boost the uk ? 
  ok , explain to me the logic . 
  you provided a list containing even fewer countries and far less information than the link i provided but you seem to be insisting the opposite is the case . 
  can you count ? 
  this has got to be trolling . 
  what you are saying is demonstrably untrue . 
  did you even look at the list ? 
  it has even more countries than the list you provided . 
  in fact your list only contains four countries than the link i provided does n't , of which two are n't above the uk and the other two i ca n't find info for . 
  that would move the uk down to a shocking 6th place at worst . 
   if you only compare yourself to african countries what does that even mean ? 
  you can see which countries are above the uk and none of them are african ( or australasian , asian , south american for that matter ), 
  im not sure about your link but [ this ] ( http://www.statista.com/statistics/226956/average-world-wages-in-purchasing-power-parity-dollars/ ) claims that , adjusted for ppp , the uk is 4th in the european countries measured . 
  [ median wage ranks the uk even higher . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_median_wage ) 5th as opposed to 8th . 
  ahh thanks , thats quite informative . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.nelp.org/page/-/images/occupationalgrowthrates.jpeg ) low and high are least effected and the middle is the most effected . 
  i guess this has a polarising effect . 
  it does n't really say much about the effect of migration from poorer countries on the lowest rates of pay . 
  yup , we really should be following the spanish economic model rather that being one of the fastest growing developed economies . 
  i mean who wants a 6 % unemployment rate when you could have a 25 % unemployment rate . 
  what do the statistics say for the average pay though ? 
  have the `` native '' salaries been reduced as a result of having to compete in a free market with much poorer countries . 
  but like i say that 's not a complaint about the battery being too small , but about it having too many features .
