   those things do not in everyday life obscure people 's identity . 
  they can do . 
   they also do not hinder their self-expression . 
  again , you have no idea of what freedom of speech means if you think it only counts when you agree with it . 
   they also do not symbolize some sort of `` modesty '' . 
  we do n't ban clothes because of how the symbolise modesty . 
  we do n't ban long skirts because they are considered more modest than short skirts . 
  of course people dress modestly if they choose to do so . 
  you seem to have no respect for women 's rights to bodily autonomy if your argument is that women should n't have the right to dress as modestly or immodestly as they like . 
  they can only dress in the range that you define as appropriate . 
   anonymous web discussions do n't involve high trust interactions and muslim women do not aim to be anonymous . 
  but you were saying that they could be used to obscure identity . 
  you seem to be jumping around here at this point . 
  also no one forces you to take part in these high trust interactions . 
  a bank can feel free to ban face coverings if they choose . 
  being in public is hardly a high trust interaction . 
   that 's because you are not a muslim . 
  frankly i 'm proud that we are even having this discussion in europe , that we can have this discussion without fear of persecution . 
  we are concerned with other people 's freedom in a way many muslims would find absurd . 
  that is true . 
  i agree that it 's good we can have this discussion . 
  i do n't think you are a racist or anything . 
  i will admit i have a lot of sympathy for what you are saying . 
  but honestly i am very uncomfortable with banning an aspect of another culture because some people in society do n't like it . 
  not only that , but i think that doing it in such a way that restricts women 's choices to dress as they choose and criminalises and isolates women who are abused is very wrong . 
  except for online grocery orders . 
  that 'd be something for the next advert . 
  `` ocado groceries : because your whore of a wife ca n't go out anymore '', 
   it 's a norm we choose to uphold . 
  i already explained why . 
  more so than the norm that we allow people to choose how to express themselves ? 
   those are not europeans . 
  would they mind having to cover up their breasts if they chose to live in europe ? 
  would you then also ask these questions wrt a ban ? 
  no , they are n't . 
  but i was choosing them as an example to show that covering breast is also restricting women 's choices in the name of modesty so you objection to the veil is incredibly hypocritical and disingenuous and leads me to believe its a result of racism rather than women 's rights . 
   so you are saying that this is to oppress muslims ? 
  how does it oppress muslims ? 
  how does this ban disadvantage them ? 
  and btw , how is it not sexism if women are told that `` modesty '' requires wearing a burka that men do n't need to wear ? 
  many muslim women find it an appropriate way to dress . 
  it oppresses them by restricting their ability to dress as they choose . 
  it 's quite simple . 
   it 's not about it making me feel uncomfortable . 
  it 's about a disruption of the public ( european ) space in a way that makes life harder for europeans . 
  knowledge of identity improves interaction between people and is expected in every day life . 
  being able to read expressions from peoples faces vastly improves communication and is expected in everyday life . 
  we do n't ban people from using sarcasm , or pulling faces , of from wearing makeup that obscures their identity . 
  we do n't mandate that people only use video phones because facial expressions are so important . 
  we haven ' e even banned anonymous web discussions . 
  if anonymity is so offensive to european sensibilities why are you using a pseudonym on reddit ? 
  why are n't you calling for a ban on anonymity on the web ? 
  after all `` knowledge of identity improves interaction between people and is expected in every day life . '', 
  no , oddly enough the only thing that has been banned is the one thing that is culturally relevant to muslims . 
  i wonder why . 
   as soon as covering your dick/vag is seen as oppressive , i guess . 
  why are n't you protesting for people 's rights to go nude everywhere ? 
  is n't such a ban on total nudity just as grievous in your eyes ? 
  how do you know what i am and are n't protesting ? 
  the fact is , i think public nudity * should * be allowed . 
  people should be free to choose to cover it as much or as little as they want . 
   do not include every possible form of behavior . 
  obviously , but i would have thought the freedom to choose your own clothes is n't really that outrageous . 
   and in most cases these are housewives and if she 's oppressed she wo n't have her own income and he 'll have to pay the fine . 
  or the husband will say that as his wife and daughter can no longer dress modestly outside then they will no longer be allowed out . 
  that 's hardly made the situation better . 
  is it the same as banning veils/burkas ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  as i said , there 's a difference of degree , of the amount of exposure . 
  i also agree that the degree is different but why is it that where we draw a line in the sand is fine and where they draw the line is wrong . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.southworld.net/newtest/images/stories/12-10/culture/mini3.jpg ) culture probably would n't mind a breast covering ban and some muslims have been very distressed at the thought that there is now a law banning them from dressing modestly . 
  i 'm not talking about women who a forced to wear coverings but women who choose to . 
  the thing is i do n't think this law has very much , if anything , to do with protecting women ( i mean you do n't protect women form domestic abuse by making it illegal to be hit ) . 
  if it was we would n't be removing women 's choices to dress as they choose and criminalising them if they are forced to cover their faces against their will . 
  nope , this is good old fashioned racism . 
   depends on which attributes you look at , and how much you squint your eyes . 
  hiding your face is practically non-existent in the public space and not part of mainstream culture anywhere . 
  if i ca n't see your face my first ( european ) instinct is to wonder why you are hiding something that does n't need to be hidden . 
  it also feels like a disruption of the common means of communication . 
  whilst this is true i would say that our hard fought for freedoms are more important than our cultural relationships to a pice of clothing . 
  banning people from wearing certain pieces of clothing because it makes you uncomfortable is against the very core of the free society i think of as being europe . 
  and frankly it 's pathetic if people are so fragile they ca n't get over their initial prejudice on the matter . 
   and then there 's the whole religous aspect to burkas , how much it reveals about the way certain muslims think about women : the sexual paranoia of the men , the women 's disdain for non-muslim men 's perceived inabilty to respect `` immodest '' women . 
  that way of thinking about human beings is simply incorrect . 
  again , the same for breast covering that [ these women ] ( http://www.southworld.net/newtest/images/stories/12-10/culture/mini3.jpg ) would probably find a `` simply incorrect '' way of thinking about human beings . 
  i could probably expand that to being fully nude in public . 
  when are we going to start the ban on dick and vag covering ?!, 
  tdlr : just because we draw the modesty line somewhere else in the sand does n't make us right and them , not only wrong , but horrible misogynists . 
  and i would have thought a more important aspect of european culture is tolerance of diversity given how different we all are and how those differences have torn us apart before now . 
  not sure why they decided on that but it may contribute to us [ having the smallest number of road fatalities per capita in europe . 
  ] ( http://www.abd.org.uk/safest_roads.htm ), 
   it should legally and culturally be possible for women to show their breasts anywhere they want . 
  at no time should anyone be able to object to that or find it immodest . 
  unfortunately at this time that degree of nudity is not always appreciated . 
  have patience , my friend . 
  i agree but as many women will find themselves pressured to wear clothing that covers their breasts , possibly family or partners then why do n't we ban women from covering their breasts ? 
  do you think there will ever be a time when we should ban women from covering them ? 
   as to why it is different in europe as opposed to say , the middle east , well , it simply comes down to culture . 
  european culture . 
  in europe .
