we like to curse with diseases a lot indeed !, 
  wonder where that came from . 
  i do n't use ` kanker ' myself , although i acknowledge the fact that it 's very satisfying to use it . 
  tyfus is a very decent alternative . 
  because they are contaminated by us westerners !, 
  i 've already been amazed last november . 
  it was 5.5 years since i was in london before and there were so much new skyscrapers and even more cranes . 
  really fascinating how quick they build them . 
  i had the eurocollector , but a lot has changed since then . 
  only 16/23 :(, 
  you have good company with the southern provinces of the netherlands on this point !, 
  but fix your goddamn roads , i want to enjoy my ride . . 
  there is a realistic chance that belgium will be split up in two someday . 
  if flanders would join us then is something else of course , but i think a lot of people would n't mind . 
  belgium , flanders to be precise . 
  we all know that our little brother will one day join us again . 
  and to me , you 're welcome !, 
  although we 're one of the `` founding fathers '' of the eu , we are getting almost as euro-sceptic as denmark lately , so that might explain our red colour on this map . 
  that does n't explain ireland and the netherlands , so i like my line better  also we both ignore greece , wonder why they are ( sort of ) against an eu army ? 
  an eu army may be opt-out , although that would severely harm the feeling of solidarity , just as with other opt-outs . 
  thanks , always nice to learn something new . 
  well , we do have a europhile-leaning party further to the right than our christian democrats , they 're even governing the country at the moment . 
  it 's more like a tory-light . 
  then again , we have basically the complete political spectrum covered by our parties in parliament . 
  at least everyone has something that suits his views on the world . . 
  is n't this constitution conflicting with certain eu defence treaties ? 
  i thought they already ` obliged ' collective defense actions if an eu country were to be attacked . 
  an eu army is obviously a big step towards more cooperation and less neutrality , but belonging to such an integrated union already more or less opposes said neutrality right ? 
  especially if the rest of the union takes a clear side in a conflict . 
  since we 're already cooperating with germany and belgium ( ? ), 
  a lot these days , i do n't get why we would be so strongly against it . 
  although i 'm pacifist and would actually love a smaller defence budget or at least a lot less warmongering , it 's undeniably getting more and more important to defend our eastern border . 
  as nato is becoming unstable , an eu army would be a great solution . 
  it might be very hard to agree on its role and degree of integration , it 's certainly better than 27 isolated , small armies that have a lot of useless overlapping costs . 
  why are you ruining this austria ... 
  the older you get , the more conservative you become . 
  that means , you keep the same values , they just get outdated . 
  but more people are old too in 4 years . 
  i was already sick of it in april , this is the best day of the year . 
  than you clearly do n't know the city center or you have n't been there for a long time . 
  if you are in utrecht on a saturday afternoon it may feel like a shopping mall , but it 's an awesome city to live . 
  i would n't want to live anywhere else . 
  not because a new law affects their revenue . 
  what do you not understand about the part where i mentioned french in canada ? 
  the language is spoken in both parties of the agreement . 
  italy is also one of the original members with one of the biggest economies . 
  croatia and iceland , what are you doing ? 
  shows how much their economy has grown . 
  and how much potential they have . 
  i certainly understand french as a second language , since it 's also spoken in a large part of canada . 
  including german makes about as much sense as spanish or italian . 
  i do n't get why people make such a big deal of it . 
  it affects you a little bit for a few days in a year that has 365 of them . 
  in return you get a whole summer of nice long evenings . 
   each time how many tries have you had ? 
   pickled herring keep away from our herring !, 
  there 's very few selected countries , there must be some less relevant ones ranked higher . 
  i really like the background, 
  amsterdam was also mostly untouched , rotterdam on the other hand ... 
  that 's where i went with my art-loving parents the first time  only saw the doge palace from the water and did n't even see san marco square . 
  i know that you can walk over heads in tourist season and they charge excessive prices for beverages , but it * is * one of europe 's must-sees . 
  man , now i have to go to verona and padova ( and venice again because i never saw it properly ) . 
  thanks op, 
  true belgian fries are n't even the same as what people think of when they say ` french fries ' , those are way too thin and crunchy . 
   why is n't the netherlands in euro 2016 ? 
  why do people look at nato maps ? 
  on the other hand , i feel that we pronounce words adapted from english in a more english way ( for example : camping -  kemping ( dutch ) / kampieng ( flemish ) ) . 
  i 've heard frisian being closer to english than dutch is to english , but flemish ? 
  what about that ? 
  yeah , great power of the whole continent of europe . 
  we all suffer if we get kicked around by the us and china , so forming a bloc needs every country 's contribution , not only one imposing it on others . 
  there 's also something like civilized cooperation or integration . 
  i agree , so much uncertainty wo n't have a positive result on the outcome . 
  they better do it after article 50 is triggered . 
  same . 
  it turned from 20 c to 10 c in two days last week and it has stayed that way since , do n't like it a single bit, 
  wow , i would expect some shitty accountancy company in a building like this , not the european court of human rights, 
  this is true , but if you give the population the option to choose , you should n't pick the benefits of both a ` hard ' and a ` soft ' brexit and leave the negative consequences out . 
  i wonder what the british people would 've voted if they were n't told those fairytales and lies . 
  i wonder for how many of those 52 % this applies . . 
  while that 's true , those problems will certainly not go away when you leave the eu , especially if you care about the world behind your country 's borders . 
  on top of that , as long as the benefits still outweigh the problems ( which i think they do by a pretty large margin ) , leaving the eu is a very dumb decision . 
   ~ ~ city ~ ~ ** urban ** legend ftfy, 
  how did that happen ? 
  the first and third apply to me as well , but i guess the second is rather important . 
  what are you looking for ? 
  when i was a kid we used to go here on holiday every year . 
  gordes , mont ventoux , avignon , arles , gorges de la nesque . 
  man i love these places . 
  been to nice this summer as well , truly beautiful, 
  do you guys know some fun european youtubers/youtube channels ? 
  edit : i 've watched a few videos of sunny ( from norway ) and she was pretty fun . 
  refreshing to see a girl who 's not obsessed with healthy food and fitness , while still looking good . 
  it does also matter what 's the best scale of government for the solution of a problem . 
  individual countries wo n't solve the banking crisis , they wo n't solve the refugee crisis , they wo n't solve climate change , we need the eu for that . 
  most big decisions of the eu are decided by the national pms and ministers in the council and they let their national interests prevail . 
  they praise themselves if something turns out well and they blame the eu if something goes wrong . 
  that scapegoating results in a negative image . 
  but those crises were n't the fault of the eu ( except for the greece crisis maybe ) , but pvv is always the first one to blame the eu and our pm never opposes that . 
  it * is * growing already in the netherlands , look at that extreme drop in support from 2013 to 2014 .
