  we 're in a political and economical union called eu , with these borders international trade and cooperation would become even more vital . 
  but if you reason this would happen 100 years ago i 'd agree it would 've made things difficult . 
  hard to imagine something worse than wwii though . 
  well , since we can move freely between countries over here in the civilized world i would n't mind it, 
  it 's also a german word for football player right ? 
  the most famous football magazine is called * kicker *, 
  kicker is a german word too iirc, 
  that 's true , it 's not yet complete . 
  for a lot of services and some products there 's not yet a single market . 
  not japan and its occupated areas, 
  renovating / rebuilding them . 
  rotterdam , arnhem , breda , utrecht and delft all got major improvements and den haag and amsterdam are being upgraded . 
  when did we bomb refugees ? 
  watching those live performance video 's is captivating af . 
  there are definitely multiple wyas to look at the situation , but some arguments are just so weak , i ca n't stand it . 
  - no , this quota system does not involve illegal immigrants , it 's people with an actual refugee status . 
  - no , we as the eu did not ` invite ' those people , it 's just inhumane to let people who come into your waters drown and they can not be simply pulled back to libya . 
  that 's against international treaties . 
  people who are n't refugees are not given legal status and should go back to the country they come from . 
  - the eu is not ` meddling in countries ' own affairs ' if they try to enforce a rule that was agreed upon by tje members . 
  i think the quota system is pretty useless , because of reasons stated by others , but i 'm all for some european solidarity . 
  the burden for the influx refugees ( and illegal immigrants ) is not shared equally at the moment and countries that have a higher burden did n't completely choose for that themselves . 
  i do get that germany 's attitude was completely different than hungary 's , but i 'm not saying that every other country should account for that . 
  italy and greece are blamed for ` not being able to protect their border ' , but that 's pretty easy to say if you 're living in a landlocked country . 
  they are trying what they can while adhering to international treaties . 
  i 'd introduce a refugee solodarity fund where european countries together pay for processing people that land on our shores and need to be examined and given shelter . 
  uhm yes ? 
  that does n't matter in this case , the people eligible for the quota are actual refugees, 
  tell that to the uk , slovakia , austria , denmark and estonia . 
  a better question would be : why is n't the government seated there ? 
  this is the only correct answer . 
  although i do pull them off while watching a movie or something . 
  certainly not directly when i enter someones house . 
  only the last three . 
  we 're also fairly good at handball , cycling and darts . 
  the most important divide in the dutch language is that regarding the guttural/not-guttural ` g ' . 
  in our terms : harde en zachte g ( hard and soft g ) . 
  it coincides with how we call our [ fries ] ( http://www.hpdetijd.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/694px-kaart_patat_friet_frieten.svg_.png ) . 
  you 'll hear a beautiful soft and clean dutch in the area where we say ` friet ' . 
  i think italy has the same north-south border as england : a hugely varying . 
  i do n't care that much about the region where i was born or where i live . 
  the netherlands is a small country , i identify with all of it . 
  i was in vienna ( and other cities in central europe ) during that heat wave and we stayed in hostels without acs . 
  it was hell . 
  the second day in vienna we could 've gone to sch\u00f6nbrunn and prater , but we decided to go to a great swimming pool in the hills close to the city . 
  forgot the name , but the view was great , the water was cold and there were loads of local young people . 
  wtf, 
  from the center of the country 200 miles south or east and you left the netherlands :d it 's far . 
  it 's the best tested sport for ped , other sports are either na\u00efve , willingly covering it up or do n't have the means . 
  i actually think cyclists are doping less than swimmers or track athletes nowadays . 
  in terms of revealed cases weight lifting is worse . 
  just as every other professional sport, 
  yes , i can renew my plan this december . 
  will probably upgrade to 10 or something , i do n't think i 'll need more . 
  who do you call that you reach 400 + ? 
  the only people i know who like to call me are my parents , but that 's incoming calls . 
  it is . 
  you are aware that you have a phone data plan that 's way above average ? 
  i think most people are on 2-4 gb in the netherlands , maybe even lower . 
  i also have only 120 minutes of calling , who needs that anyway ? 
  finland and the baltics i guess . 
  not that i do n't find them interesting at all , but if i had to pick some countries it would be them . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i picture unappealing architecture , grey and cold weather and not much natural beauty . 
  i think i 'll try to visit riga and tallinn anyway , because i heard they are nice cities and i want to visit as much places as i can ( afford ) . 
  italians do n't like tennis ? 
  ronald goedemondt , theo maassen and dani\u00ebl arends are all good . 
  i went to a show from tim franssen lately and i liked that too . 
  but i 'm not sure about comedy on tv , * de kwis * is pretty funny . 
  wow . 
  it must be the same in dutch then . 
  hangmat really seems like a composite noun . 
  damn belgium loves those revolving panels . 
  yes , i reckon, 
  weirdly enough they never did something with 's hertogenbosch in english , while den bosch is used almost as often as den haag . 
  well , i 've lived in newcastle for half a year and some places and people really came quite close to the things i saw on that show . 
  north : mallaig , scotland south : jerez de la frontera , spain west : new york city , united states east : istanbul , turkey, 
  united kingdom - studied in newcastle for 5 months ( erasmus ) and holidays and city trips : scotland 3 weeks , manchester/liverpool/lake district 1 week , 3x london - 6.5 months 2 . 
  france - lots of holidays : provence , bourgogne , dordogne , normandy , brittany . 
  in short : my favourite country - 5 months 3 . 
  italy - four holidays : adriatic coast , tuscany , rome , turin - 6 weeks and 3 days 4 . 
  portugal - two holidays : algarve - 28 days 5 . 
  germany - lots of short holidays and visits : 2x h\u00fcnsruck , 2x berlin , 2x k\u00f6ln , d\u00fcsseldorf - 27 days 6 . 
  greece - two holidays : skopelos and touringcar study trip through ancient sites - 21 days 7 . 
  austria - three holidays : k\u00e4rnten and two times vienna - 21 days 8 . 
  united states - new york city holiday - 14 days 9 . 
  belgium - some short visits : ardennes , ghent , antwerp - 10 days 10 . 
  turkey - istanbul study trip - 8 days the next countries would be switzerland and czech republic with both 6 days , surprisingly i have been in spain only a few days and i have not been in scandinavia at all . 
  there are a lot of routes that are ( more than ) twice as quick by train instead of car , like paris-marseille , madrid-barcelona and milan-rome . 
  that last thing only works if you 've been in other continents and cultures often enough . 
  i 've been to new york and i crossed the bosporus for one afternoon ( :') ) and that did n't feel * that * different . 
  but on the other hand germany and france definitely do n't feel exotic at all . 
  yeah max definitely made f1 jump from outside the top 5 to number 2 most watched sport . 
  i think cycling is definitely number 2 , since speed skating is getting less popular lately . 
  maybe tennis is close as well , which is weird since we suck at it . 
  but why would you watch it for the 10th time or even more ? 
  they drink very nutritious fruitshakes  can be a tv tradition as well for that matter , something that adds to the atmosphere of the festive period for a large share of the population . 
  i really feel that the two things i mentioned have done that in the netherlands , which is really nice . 
  the netherlands -  holland the provinces of south & north holland -  south & north netherlands, 
  that name somehow made its way to the netherlands as well, 
  ops talking about travelling .
