  it 's all due to very strong anti-eu campaigning of a few groups . 
  i 've been in turin this summer and i loved it . 
  the mountains did n't look as glorious as they do on this picture ( no snow :( ) , but the city centre is very beautiful and you get a feeling of grandeur of the past . 
  it gets a bit ugly if you go outside the city centre , but that happens almost everywhere . 
  you can see on a lot of maps why there is some kind of war in eastern ukraine , people do n't exactly feel connected to their country . 
  i found it very odd that no-one else was so invested in membership , especially regarding sports, 
  you may have one of the highest election thresholds iirc , which really benefits the biggest party , so you could do a lot better on that part . 
  you 're from limburg , that 's pretty close to mountains . 
  valkenburg is nice, 
  i 'd like some vast desserts too , especially in my fridge, 
  especially not with scandinavian prices, 
  pvv is always doing well in the polls . 
  if nothing horrible happens in the next months , they will end up being the 2nd or 3rd party . 
  i think 50 + will fall back as well , but that might be wishful thinking . 
  the fall of labour is very interesting . 
  they have been running the government together with vvd and they have done decent , but labour is polling one third of their current seats and vvd two thirds . 
  especially if you consider that vvd had multiple incidents with corruption and mistakes by high officers . 
  their voter base seems the most stable of all parties , while labour voters switch to alternatives way easier . 
  i just thought about the fact that our verb `` pinnen '' is really multifunctional and short for what it means . 
  in english you have to say either ` withdrawing cash ' or ` paying by card ', 
  there 's the eurobarometer . 
  shows plenty of support, 
  but this is the case in almost all countries , it 's an accepted fact . 
  or should i charce my guests because they are using my energy without paying my energy bill ? 
  newcastle here . 
  it was fun , but the darkness and weather almost made depressed . 
  it takes 15 more seconds to get it completely off again tho, 
  journey in dutch , 
  i 'm sure it got rutte a few seats . 
  but at the same time a lot of young people are very progressive . 
  i think our views are just becoming more extreme . 
  you should finally start building high . 
  i would welcome our new beer and waffle overlords . 
  that 's why you eat mayo and curry, 
  i cry everytime when i 'm in the uk and i have to choose between fucking ketchup and vinegar . 
  that 's not relevant , / u/thecouscousnonce said that the irish version portrayed mcguinness as a peacemaker , but it 's just a neutral picture . 
  it 's just because he knows what history lays behind this man , that he thinks that a picture without any reference to the ira must be putting him in a good light , which is not the case . 
  if you think like this you can spin everything in a way that makes someone come out bad . 
  not that i think there 's nothing wrong with his words , there is , but you can also exaggerate . 
  i would n't . 
  i think botswana is way less depressing . 
  beautiful nature , good weather and by the looks of it , a better society . 
  if you saw bin laden with a picture like that on the front page , would you think he 's portrayed as a peacemaker ? 
  it 's a neutral picture . 
  the best you can do is try, 
  that might be a sign of a failed argument . 
  i just came up with a reason though : even something as simple as a piece of plastic with a chip gets better by innovation , card issuers want to make sure that innovations gets to the users and the users pay for it . 
  this improves the reliability and performance of both the card and the system . 
  we have one of the best railway systems in the world, 
  there are a lot more cards that have no reason to expire , yet they do . 
  he talked about it again while debating against buma in the closing debate on tuesday, 
  that 's not true , groenlinks mentioned a few times they want big multinationals to pay the same tax rate as normal companies . 
  you just need less material if you cooperate , is it that hard to understand ? 
  d66 wants to export our emissions to other countries . 
  there 's no net reduction that way . 
  people do n't want to move to other continents just to save a bit of money . 
  so they should implement those things throughout europe, 
  so those other 12 % are from other cultures . 
  that seems pretty multi-cultural to me . 
  it is n't ? 
  i guess i 'm reading different papers then , hardly heard them about that . 
  i also do n't think diversity is a bad thing at all , but you have to be careful with forcing it . 
  that 's artikel1 . 
  pvda is not like that at all . 
  the animal party has a broad and solid program nowadays , they should probably rename the party . 
  inclusion of minorities , fair chances for everyone on the labour market , a bit of sustainability , a bit of better healthcare . 
  they have a solid program , but too grey to really stand out . 
  they could n't do it right though . 
  part of the people that supported their government actions still shifted to d66 . 
  they also were n't green/progressive enough and people left to groenlinks , they were n't inclusive enough so people went to denk and they were n't socialist enough so people went to sp . 
  there 's just so many options around the pvda , people are n't tied to them . 
   provincial municipal , but you 're right , 
  that 's actually really clever . 
  i hope cu can keep hold of their green and leftist policies in negotiations , then i would n't mind them entering the coalition . 
  there will probably be a vvd-cda-d66-cu coalition after this result . 
  if that means a lot of right wing & conservative policies , d66 will likely shrink in the next elections . 
  groenlinks and pvda will probably gain a lot of voters again , but it depends on immigration/integration issues whether the left will truly rise again . 
  i dream of a pvda-groenlinks-d66 coalition , but i doubt that will happen even once in my lifetime . 
  you said that pvda lost voters because they sold themselves to neoliberalism , but the voters they lost hardly went to parties that reject neoliberalism . 
  how hard is it to understand that ? 
  yes they are, 
  ca n't you see that the left as a whole lost a lot of seats ? 
  is that hard to understand ? 
  besides that , you were talking about parties that reject neoliberalism . 
  only sp and pvdd do that . 
  together they gained 2 seats , that 's very little if you see the loss of 29 seats for the pvda . 
  the left in 2012 : pvda 38 , sp 15 , gl 4 , pvdd 2 = 59 . 
  the left in 2017 : gl 14 , sp 14 , pvda 9 , pvdd 5 , denk 3 = 45 . 
  that 's a loss . 
  they did n't as a whole . 
  our socialist party even lost one seat . 
  people in the netherlands really appreciate dijsselbloem haha, 
  very little pvda voters switched to parties that reject neoliberalism, 
  there will be a government now with a lot of bad measures for the welfare state . 
  i do n't think movijg further to the right for any party will get them more votes . 
  people will turn left next election , unless there 's a total escalation of immigration/integration problems . 
  all parties just made a step to the right to make sure the ` sane ' parties would still be in charge . 
  that 's how our system works . 
  two new parties are partying because they got 2 % of the vote . 
  i 've seen both in brabant,
