  the dots are placed rather random i think . 
  i see a lot of countries where the dots are n't placed on the capital . 
  maybe it 's truth is slowly diminishing . 
  who would 've thought . 
  maybe concrete economic reforms wo n't play a big role , but people definitely vote for a candidate with economic views close to theirs or that would benefit them . 
  poor and unemployed people usually do n't vote for strong neo-liberals and people that are well-off usually do n't vote for socialists . 
  economy is the core of politics , many people have very stable voting patterns based on economic principles . 
  you can only convince the ones that do n't . 
  i did n't want to talk about the outcome of the referendum , but about the outcome of the law that made those possible . 
  regardless of the outcome , the referendum sucked . 
  true  they had a noble goal . 
  more direct democracy and challenging wrong decisions by the government , i really liked that thought . 
  but as we 've seen , the outcome has been terrible . 
  a decision about a subject that was unsuited for a yes/no vote , campaigns running on irrelevant points and a voter threshold that encouraged not voting . 
  our referendum was a disaster and there should be some serious amendments or a complete withdrawal of the law . 
  pvda is certainly more pro-eu than vvd, 
  that 's the country 's name . 
  the only thing that changes in our provinces names is noord -  north and zuid -  south . 
  in france only normandy , brittany and corsica are different in english , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  i think regions , but cities and countries are best named in their own language , it just makes sense . 
  that 's a city and the name of the country , 
  you should just use the german names anyway . 
  which other country adopts the names of their provinces/regions to english ? 
  i would like to exclude brabant and limburg from that , we do n't do that rough thingy . 
  i missed the moment where we drifted off and became an island . 
  supergosse anyone ? 
  without `` the continent '' you 're just a small group of islands with pretty little international power on its own . 
  because muh souvereignty, 
  what ?!, 
  there are people blaming the eu for things that are n't its fault and there are people blaming other institutions that are eu 's fault . 
  there are always arguments from both perspectives . 
  i wo n't judge about the strenghts of those arguments or who 's right , but people often forget that the most important decisions of the eu are made by the council , which is made up by delegates from national governments . 
  they 're still more competent than the politicians that people are massively voting for now . 
  it 's easy . 
  people feel they are n't heard by reigning parties , they get frustrated/angry/hopeless . 
  a populist steps in and says what they want to hear , claiming to represent ` the voice of the people ' , which attracts more voters . 
  the problem is that a : they ca n't solve the problems that the moderate politicians are trying to solve , b : they create/ignore even more problems that the moderate politicians were actually solving more or less . 
  i do n't want climate , energy , wage gaps , integration , international cooperation be harmed just to give ` the people ' the idea of more sovereignty and a better representation of their views , because that 's hardly true . 
   he will get the money anyway , nobody will kick him out or make him pay it back . 
  this is just not true . 
  it was like that for me as well , he 's wrong . 
  in my course it is a very significant amount of students who do it , me being one of them . 
  i can imagine for some courses it 's a lot less , especially courses with country-specific content like law . 
  i think it was absolutely great for my awareness of european culture through all the students i met during erasmus and my awareness of british culture through living in there for 5 months . 
  if you think another program can beat that , tell me . 
  of course except for the single market or schengen . 
  could n't agree more . 
  i think we already do enough . 
  that is if we combine our powers . 
  so much money goes to waste if every european country would fund their own sufficient army , while an eu army would be a lot more efficient . 
  i do n't want another arms race . 
  if nato steps up their game , russia will do to and this ad infinitum . 
  i want just enough to defend ourselves and nothing more . 
  the education bit is pretty important , it allows critical thinking . 
  tell us what 's so bad about globalists . 
  i want to hear all their points . 
  so a very small religious part of the population is growing and the new generations of the rest of the population are increasingly atheist . 
  omg , secularism is completely doomed . 
  only in the vip box maybe , nobody eats bitterballen in the stands, 
  we 're joining in pretty often too . 
  no surprise when your country is basically filled with water, 
  is n't that about citizenship ? 
  being born somewhere is never up for debate right ? 
  how can you misinterpret that ? 
   what 's your opinion of the irish ? 
  they seem to move to the eu in even fewer numbers ( as a percent of population ) than us brits do . 
  they move in massive numbers to the uk right ? 
  that counts as well . 
  i 'd prefer southern germany over the australian heat, 
  poor georgia , armenia and azerbaijan . 
  kazachstan is included and they are n't, 
  i do n't think that 's a bad thing, 
  imagine being someone in such a program , already being insecure about your own safety . 
  this must be frightening as fuck, 
  you can learn perfectly fine dutch without having to hurt your throat ^ zachtegmasterrace, 
  it 's not gdp , but rather hdi ( of which gdp is an important factor , but far from the only one ) that 's an important determinant . 
  i 'm afraid we would n't be on board . 
  i think it would be france , spain and portugal before us . 
  conservative for europe is still progressive for the rest of the world, 
  the track is still high speed . 
  most of the trains that run on it just are n't, 
  if they were all part of a wholesome group that would definitely make things easier . 
  and it 's less crowded, 
  cannabis is less harmful than alcohol for both society and individuals, 
  me too , especially the way mourinho talks . 
  the latter is probably true as well , but i hate it that when i 'm actually in need of cash the atms are almost always pretty far away . 
  utrecht city center is particularly bad . 
  i hope the net-payers will pay more , it 's showing strength and there is a lot of places where the money could make itself usefull . 
  i 'd be . 
  if other net contributors do too . 
  us southerners will just start our own country then with ~ ~ blackjack and hookers ~ ~ flanders , bier and friet . 
  do you write off the euro and schengen too ? 
  ambitious projects take time to succeed , an eu army probably will too . 
  people are so impatient . 
  because there was bad coordination and communication . 
  if you assume that will happen with a european army as well , then the eu army is a bad idea . 
  but i hope they have more ambition than that . 
  we probably would n't do better this time :( the state of our army is pretty poor , all the more reason for cooperation . 
  edit : did you really think i did n't know about that ? 
  mostly the same countries will help you with defending your country because of nato already , but with a european army it will go quicker and the cooperation will be better .
