  uhhh how do you pronounce that country ? 
  yeah . 
  it 's safe to make fun of estonians . 
  they wo n't get it . 
  not until the next day tho . 
  how un-yuropeen of you . 
  you should get a steyr aug, 
  afaik , france is always independent from nato hierarchy . 
  while people are arguing whether the british trident are indeed british or not , it is irrelevant because britain still needs to make a collective decision with nato . 
  is pope jan pawel ii still best pope ? 
  what ? 
  we do n't want turkey in the eu , with arguments ( by some people ) about cultural and social differences , and geopolitical issues ( by me ) . 
  why do we want russia in ? 
  the third bulgarian empire shall border the three seas once again !, 
  bulgaria stronk !, 
  really ? 
  the most retarded thing i 've seen in an election is when the entire state 's votes goes 100 % to a candidate with just 50 % +1 requirement . 
  i 've never seen a federation acts like this in an election . 
  people vote , not the states . 
  yeah , we do . 
  it 's called `` the parliament can do whatever it likes for as long as it does inhibit the parliament '' . 
  the german guy is right . 
  torture is included in the list of what the parliament can pass . 
  because labour backed the ` no ' vote in scotland , and chose the wrong miliband . 
  inflexible . 
  i would love to see their u-turn when the time comes . 
  though , i still have doubts that the murdoch machine has sense . 
  god , no . 
  if tory wins like this , we 'll be back on this bloody two-party system again . 
   that aside , in terms of the state of the union , his best bet is to negotiate for a federation . 
  he might have smart enough wonks to convince him to do that . 
  but if he tries to save the union he 'll fail . 
  he does n't have the wit to best salmond in that battle . 
  the british gorbachev ? 
  it also means lab admitting defeat in scotland . 
  is that accurate to say ? 
  please do n't go !, 
  w-w-we 'll give you hereford !, 
  a huge respect to snp if they did that, 
  my advice is that if you 're in a swing constituency , do tactical voting if you ca n't vote for your fave . 
  in a stronghold , vote your fave for the symbolic +1 in the nation-wide vote . 
  i 'm closest to them and to dutch d66 . 
  i 'm in a labour stronghold btw, 
  regional identities actually got stronger by using eu institutions both on realising their national state and as a guarantee that their economic and political influence wo n't be greatly diminished by joining the eu if they declare independence . 
  must . 
  crush . 
  capitalism . 
  is of removings !, 
  really ? 
  i think americans today do n't regret that the us is a federation , rather than a collection of sovereign states constantly bickering . 
   recently , at one such event , i entered into a lengthy conversation with a conservative backbencher . 
  he gave me a lecture about how coalitions were an `` unnatural form of government '' that led to `` unstable conditions '' . 
  of course , a tory would say that . 
  labour/tory would do anything not to break the duopoly, 
  china is too far to project power and , thus , be a threat to european interests , unlike russia . 
  hence why eu countries are quick to jump aboard the aiib train . 
  that 's some post-modernist crap . 
  basically , a hippie version of `` the end of history '' . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ancient_carthage ), 
  careful you two . 
  if you build too much friendship bridges , your friendship will reach that point where it is illegal in some countries . 
  this guy still around when the ussr is still around . 
  jeez . 
   pretend to be a libertardian  gain their trust and rise up the ranks  ck2 your way to the top  once you 're the stronk leader , abolish the constitution , and declare a communist revolution  watch the man-children sperging, 
  i 'm voting for lib-dem . 
  aside from the abolishment of the british nuclear arsenal , i mostly agree with them . 
  not with that currency, 
  yeah . 
  keep back-pedalling . 
   but that is n't burning through reserves , it 's prudent fiscal policy . 
  saving during good times and deficit spending that during recessions . 
  well said . 
  many western countries ca n't even do this . 
  i did n't know that the un is gon na arrest her . 
  you have poor understanding of what free speech is , mate . 
  i am a stronk independent dictator who do n't need no putin, 
  tbh , it is . 
  it was co-authored by a swede and a pole . 
  i believed he has used a `` may-may '', 
  argentina in european region . 
  argentines are white is confirmed !, 
  this is probably a cultural/geographic thing between uk and germany but i intensely disagree . 
  afaik , westminster see china is a better `` counter-balance '' than russia . 
  i think 1 & 3 are n't unpopular opinions , but are definitely worth saying . 
  especially 3 ; by brzezinski 's logic , a unified eu is a threat to the usa . 
  your username is so fitting, 
  ideally , i have no problem with them calling themselves macedonians . 
  but the alexander the great statue and all that was tasteless . 
  not to mention , i roll my eyes on the existence of another balkan statelet . 
  just another failed state for drug lords and mob-bosses to live and fester . 
  yeah !, 
  those bloody eu propaganda !, 
  like how they tell us that the eu will put microchips in our babies and how eu bans bendy bananas !, 
  it 's those bloody immigrants ' fault !, 
  it would be britannia if it were n't for those pesky immigrants and their longboats . 
  you baka hentai . 
  why is the uk at the bottom of the list when choosing countries ? 
  so many clicks . 
  i demand they put it at the top or we brexit !, 
  and before him as well,
