  at least i get a say on how the 2nd indyref would go . 
   i do n't know , there are loads of people in the south east with the general conception that everywhere else is either shit or contains only farmers . 
  but that 's just pub talk . 
  because trust me , if there is such a thing as `` south east british '' nationalism pops up , i will be queuing . 
   there are plenty of countries in continental europe where cross border commuting works , for example liechtenstein ( where it 's near impossible to get a residence permit , foreigners have no choice but to commute ) , switzerland ( since it 's twice the price of places just the other side of the border in all directions ) and pretty much anywhere there 's a reasonably porus border with populated areas on both sides . 
  is this before the efta/eu ? 
  hence the moniker `` londongrad '', 
  does n't help at all . 
  it 's a logistical nightmare for an independent london ( even if including the whole of london ) to function . 
  so many of people working in london ( especially the city ) does n't live in it . 
  it relies on being in the uk ; it 's not some city-state like singapore ( though they love to fantasise that shit ) . 
  new york city also has the same problem if it somehow wishes to be independent . 
  if you include in the [ home counties ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/home_counties ) , it might work . 
  but there 's no such thing as `` south east british '' national sentiment . 
  best thing london could ask is more and more autonomy . 
  [ the city is just too small . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/ca/city_of_london_in_greater_london.svg/275px-city_of_london_in_greater_london.svg.png ), 
  he also did n't like that nato expanded to the former warsaw pact countries . 
  he is your old-school leftist who kisses the kremlin 's feet . 
  `` people antagonizing the populsits is why they won '' - i did n't know the fascist won ww2 !, 
  if london * becomes independent , in theory it can . 
  but it 's not the legal stuff that stops london from leaving the uk and joining the eu . 
  * define london lol, 
  yeah . 
  this is why , imo , i prefer that it 's either there 's a ceremonial monarchy , a president that has constitutional power , or make the prime minister the head of state too . 
  first step ? 
  sure , i guess . 
  but when/if we get there is the devil . 
  northern ireland still needs a new generation ( and have the old cunts die ) and some economic/social wins from the south to make it more attractive than the north . 
   people voting for them do n't care as long as they keep bashing migrants/muslims . 
  agree . 
  they do n't care about repealing obamacare or have their handouts taken away ** , for as long as they can put that black man on jail for tapping on god-emperor 's phone calls . 
  ** i mean , they do . 
  they complain about it , but then go back to being a partisan . 
  being a partisan in the usa is a full-time job , you see . 
  agree . 
  i 'm getting tired of the northerners when the irish down south are relatively more progressive . 
  i can see unionists losing their appeal by being economically/socially backwards , and keep relying on sentimental reasons . 
  they have been like this for years ( as for as i can remember , since i do n't subscribe to northern irish and irish politics ), 
  wrong . 
  she 's doing what politicians do on her case : do what 's politically convenient . 
  you do n't go around saying pro-x , if the people who propped you up to power are anti-x . 
   train them to become what ? 
  let take 40 year old cab driver and say in 5-10 years uber will have self driving cars and he loses his job . 
  what can he do ? 
  i dont know . 
  if someone knows , then they should join politics . 
  thankfully , i dont work for the government . 
  ( or am i ? ), 
  brilliant reply , and i 'll watch that on my lunch . 
  this is why i do n't buy into this argument that automation will instantly wipe out work . 
  economics will still be in play , and companies will assess if automation is worth the investment or just stick with human labour . 
  the problem here is not that jobs will run out , but the people unemployed by automation will very likely not find another job that is within their existing skill set . 
  this requires a substantial amount of investment from governments to train and educate their people . 
  i can see neo-luddism becoming significant during the automation revolution . 
  my wild prediction on so many workers ' movements will branch into two vague branches . 
  old school socialism that tries to stop automation from happening ( good luck with that ) , and a new leftist where the old 19th century rhetoric and ideas gets reinvented into something that fits on this day and age . 
  \\  russia \\  getting stuff like infrastructure , healthcare , safety kek . 
  if the people think that the social contract is not being fulfil by the state , they 'll be inclined to not fulfil their side of the social contract . 
   as long as there are other ways of making money for the state this might be acceptable to an extent russia has oil and gas . 
  this is the one that 's been financing the russian ( and the former soviet ) state . 
  that 's why putin can afford to crack skulls everyday and have a good budget . 
  until now , that is . 
  this is n't hilarious , mate . 
  #bagelgate is tearing this country apart !, 
  they do have resources ( but the strategic ones ) . 
  the rhineland was full of raw materials like coal and steel that is important on jumpstarting the industrialisation of prussia/germany . 
  i do n't want to make paragraphs here , but recent history shows that communism 's abysmal inefficiency and totalitarianism destroyed russian and ukrainian economies [ 1 ] and societies . 
  [ 2 ] couple this with late-soviet/russia 's dutch disease with o&g and raw minerals , this fosters corruption and authoritarianism , which in turn generate poverty and wealth inequality . 
  [ 1 ] an example is that the soviets have excelled on destroying value - soviet timber ( which can be sold outside for good money ) end up spent on creating soviet chairs that nobody fucking wants - all for the sake of saying `` haha !, 
  we have produced x amount of chairs in 5 years !, 
  in your face , capitalists ! '', 
  and then send all the chairs to the party/kgb/military . 
  [ 2 ] i think wiki can explain homo sovieticus better than i can, 
   production chains in the single market are incredibly integrated with parts and products going back and forth over national borders . 
  even with zero tariffs , customs procedures , delays , regulations , rules of origin , etc. , can be so punishing outside the single market that small companies operating on a tight margin risk being wiped out . 
  thanks for telling this . 
  i only learnt about it recently . 
  i believe others too deserve to know this interesting piece of economic/industrial logistics . 
   iirc , their leader said some time ( weeks ? ), 
  ago that russia had more to offer than the eu or was offering more . 
  yes . 
  in terms of `` political donations '' . 
  politicians care about enriching themselves and keeping themselves in power . 
  luckily , most non-eu politicians calculated that they enrich themselves better under the eu, 
  thanks !, 
  very informative . 
  they have no future . 
  dutch disease is rotting the country inside, 
  the problen with dublin is logistics . 
  to have enough business space to accomodate a major wave of personnel transfer . 
  this is something frankfurt and paris can manage . 
   i think bernie is a realist this is the guy that has n't passed a law under his authorship in his long time in congress ( unless you count those laws ) . 
  realist , right . 
  not saying you 're wrong , but i read elsewhere ( need to find those now , dammit ) that the romano-british fought hard , in relative to the mainlanders . 
  the irony here is that the mainland which fell easily end up romanising the barbarians easily , while celtic/roman britannia end up mostly germanic . 
  on other areas , agree . 
  roman occupation depends on the health of the core empire , and britain was overall one of the least romanised places in the empire . 
  27 member club is not by any means `` bilateral '' , you bloody idiot even if you push it as `` practical '' , can you imagine 27 countries trying to have bilaterally agreed rules and regulations ? 
  i 'm pretty cool with criticisms and reforms on the eu because it totally needs some , but this tops the ` dumb ideas ' charts .
