  a projection all the way to 2100 is bloody ridiculous . 
  a lot of things could happen in 85 years . 
  none of the people from the 1950s would bet that the ussr would fall by the late 80s/early 90s . 
  these `` social darwinist '' are fucking morons . 
  darwin 's theory is not about species that are the strongest or this stupid master race that the nazis have scooped out of their toilets . 
  darwin 's theory is about species who survived are the ones who adapt to the changing circumstances the best . 
  if you wan na make an analogy on politics and society . 
  the `` fittest '' are the ones who do n't restrict themselves with something rigid like an ideology - unlike stubb , for example . 
   it was reported that smeaton shouted `` fuckin ' mon , then '' and aimed a kick in the testicles at kafeel ahmed , who later died from his 90 % burns following the attack . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_smeaton ), 
  mate , the last time someone brought terrorism in glasgow , the bomber set himself on fire and was kicked in the balls . 
  welcome to scotland !, 
  true . 
  them snotty bastards are 100x better than chavs . 
  alas , the eeu does n't help with belarus 's exposure , since one of its leg is already in the grave since its inception . 
  what russia should do : 1 . ), 
  introduce [ white coke ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_coke ) ( no , not cocaine ), 
  but politically speaking , britain is very similar to japan . 
  both countries have spent their political capital on obstructionist behaviour ; the uk on the eu , and japan on asean + 3 . 
  wait , estonians and the other baltics are slavic right ? 
  i 'm someone who 's pro-membership ( if only you guy are n't touching the middle east ) , but looking at your history , i 'm pessimistic that your leadership is sincere about membership , and that includes pre-erdogan . 
  that 's their kids you insensitive shit, 
  i wan na make a londongrad joke but ca n't think of any atm . 
  what 's i 've heard is that the jews invented communism/socialism to destroy western nations, 
  i ca n't wait until all the old guards from the troubles are all dead, 
  that 's not the impression i get from r/europe !, 
  implying as if minsk ii agreement was there in the first place, 
   i absolutely detest this ridiculously simplistic view . 
  for one , it 's entirely possible , and positively likely in corbyn 's case , that new voters can be pulled into actually voting . 
  yeah . 
  just check out all those far-right voting for republican as they swing more to the right !, 
  that 's why mccain is president for 2 terms now !, 
  ireland is wise enough not to buy you, 
  labour is like the republican party now . 
  `` they do n't like our policies ? 
  well , we 'll radicalise ourselves even more ! '', 
  euro-gay flowers will make manly russian veggies gay !, 
  maybe he was reading stratfor, 
  you 're gon na get zerg rush soon, 
  i knew it . 
  this is the gay agenda . 
  it turns out that being an unreliable supplier scares all the customers . 
  this is why banning russia from swift is also a bad ( and desperate ) idea . 
  luka was sliding slowly from russia away since crimea . 
  examples of these : visiting poroshenko 's inauguration in kiev personally , passing a new law that military actoin will be committed if `` little green men '' appears , and the linguistic reversal by state sponsoring the belarusian language 's revival . 
  however , he is still very close to russia . 
  russia has a military base and cronies owns a lot of assets in the country . 
  the grip is strong . 
  ouch, 
   cut defence ( who needs it ? ), 
  this is n't a fringe idea . 
  labour , libdem , and tory are all keen on cutting the defence budget . 
  britain during the cold war was pretty dovish since the suez crisis . 
  the only wars we were involved are the wars ( or `` emergencies '' ) during the retreat from empire , and then there 's the falklands - the latter is defensive . 
  lol which wars would nato drag you into , aside from an russian invasion ? 
  if you 're gon na say afghanistan , your country is already contributing in isaf even tho you guys are n't nato . 
  ... which only gives more reason to partition you , mate . 
  you 've completely missed the point . 
  you 're advocating the return to the ruthless great power times with their sphere of influences where little countries have little-to-no say . 
  we exchange and sold countries like yours like cards in a game , marking lines in the sand which great power owns whom or what . 
  making concessions on russia like this would only accelerate this return . 
  you must be joking . 
  the vienna congress did n't stop the wars between the great powers . 
  wars have occurred from napoleon 's downfall to ww1 . 
  this kind of shit made me stop calling myself a leftist , despite me having ( some ) leftist economic ideas . 
  alexander the great 's shield !, 
  only the caucasus republics would split . 
  worst miraculous case would include kaliningrad . 
  the bad outcome of russia is the repeat of the wild 90s with regional officials having de-facto power in their fiefs . 
  anti-gmo is not exclusive to nimby reactionaries . 
  `` progressives '' are anti as well . 
  they do embargos all the time on their neighbours of lesser reasons . 
  that 's some proper efficient blitzkrieg right there, 
  i love you , romania !, 
  not only you stole my jerb , you also stole my heart !, 
  yeah . 
  we should go back to the great power system with the congress of vienna . 
  useless weakling little countries like belgium should submit to one of its greater power neighbours . 
  in fact , we should partition it - belgium is too small , anyway . 
  losing crimea is a point of concern , but what really is more important to the kremlin ? 
  the inclusion of ukraine to the eeu ( thus , under russian influence ) or the crimean naval base ? 
  from my pov , ukraine is much more important . 
  russia , itself , quitted from the ussr ( belavezha accords ) because ukraine voted for independence , because the asian republics would outnumber the remaining slavic republics . 
  russia , once again , failed to include ukraine to their soviet reunion . 
  true words stated here . 
  crimea and eastern ukraine has shown us that putin is n't a chess player ( usually , you hear the quote `` putin plays chess , while obama plays checkers '' ) , he 's just a mafia thug that make shit up as they go along . 
  imagine if those spetznaz troops went to kiev instead , rather than taking crimea , and install yanukovich back and secure his position - which is the legitimate government at that time . 
  but no , they made a stupid land-grab over a port that has little strategic value outside of the black sea . 
   let the russians rebuild what they ' v destroyed and carry the burden of the region for decades they wo n't . 
  this is why transnistria is trash . 
  same thing will happen to those petty warlord states in georgia . 
  you got it right , sirah !, 
  the kings of feudalism also parcel land ( and its incomes ) to its vassals because they ca n't control and manage them themselves , unlike their roman predecessors . 
  putin has to do it here too , it seems , despite the centralisation trend . 
  all under the kingdom of the netherlands , of course !, 
  not bad . 
  the strategic bombing patrols by russia are 95 % political and 5 % military . 
  no need to be tense over a has-been constantly flexing its muscles . 
   all he knew about romania was that one of the best antivirus software in the world was created here . 
  anyone til me on what that antivirus is ?
