  it 's also hard to call things special in politics , because states are often driven by self-interests . 
   russia is the country with high , if not the highest , self sustaining capabilities . 
  all that 's needed is low oil prices and the economy tanked * for three years *, 
  if i 'm in charge , i 'd put an extra zero on everything when the president is around . 
  it was never special since ww2 , at least from the american perspective . 
  bill clinton had to be briefed about this concept on his way to visit blair . 
  this post makes richard the lionheart sad . 
  i 'm british and i find it weird too . 
  if you say slavonic to me , i 'll think of that old slavic language . 
  i prefer romanic or latinic , romance sounds weird on contemporary conversation . 
  i 'm not a linguist but i think the classical latin of virgil and cicero is a step different from the modern romanic languages , like the introduction of de/di - e.g. 
  this is different to scipio africanus ( scipio of africa ) . 
  obviously this is just amateur knowledge . 
  a linguist can explain it better than me . 
  inb4 we are a republic , not a democracy, 
   it really is quite amazing how little they really understand of anything . 
  i just assume that this is the case every time . 
  this way , you do n't get surprised and disappointed . 
  less stress over time . 
  on the bright side , if they do know what they are talking about , then you 'll be surprised and pleased . 
  it 's a win-win . 
  in hindsight , obama made himself weak with his `` its the 80s , they want their foreign policy back '' , and the worthless red line in syria . 
  but he is a decent foreign policy presudent , compare to bush or even clinton . 
  in hindsight , obama made himself weak with his `` its the 80s , they want their foreign policy back '' , and the worthless red line in syria . 
  but he is a decent foreign policy presudent , compare to bush or even clinton . 
   he is also responsible for the brexit vote what ? 
  explain , please, 
   wtf is your problem ? 
  why the insults ? 
  i have no patience of overused asinine comments like this  the country is called the `` united states of america '' , not the `` united people of america '' . 
  the usa is not a democracy , is a republic and you should learn the difference . 
  additional info : rosneft is under control by igor sechin - said to be the de facto head of the * siloviki * . 
  at least r/yurop is fun :(, 
  ask your elites : why did n't poland join the eurozone ? 
  how can it be done properly then ? 
  the way it is now is that the legislative people ( meps and other civil servants ) must always travel between brussels and strasbourg . 
  i can understand if ecj or ecb stays where they are , though . 
  unless someone can argue that they need to go to brussels regularly as well . 
  there 's no point with sentiment when it 's the taxpayers who are paying for it . 
  try india then , or brazil , or russia . 
  where 's the electoral college among these federal republics ? 
  your special snowflake attitude is bs, 
   asean does n't really have a common market . 
  as far as i remember , they have one since the end of 2015 . 
   the reason why singapore has become a regional hub is that it is more developed than other cities in the region . 
  many international companies opening a regional office in south-east asia will go to singapore rather than kuala lumpur , manila , jakarta , bangkok , etc. , because infrastructure is far better in singapore . 
  most international events , such as exhibitions , conferences , symposiums , etc. , also take place in singapore . 
  that 's not my point . 
  singapore chose to join and support asean integration for a reason . 
  if they can do it alone , i would n't doubt that they would go alone . 
  they also need to understand that singapore is part of asean - which also has its own single market . 
  are you like 9 years old or younger ? 
  the last reforms were signed in 2007 . 
  ca n't blame this on labour alone . 
  even the cameron admin is in favour of eu expansion , including turkey . 
  and efficient . 
  no space needed when writing a word . 
  wars mostly occur because leaders want access to resources that produce wealth . 
  then , when they have access , they want to deny others of that access . 
  this is why monopolies were so common back then , because they are so profitable . 
  to gain access to a resource that an opponent holds , you need war to take it from them ; this makes wars pretty normal because the main producer of wealth then was agriculture - agriculture requires land . 
  so , this gives us an unfortunate scenario where the rhineland - smacked between france and germany - produces so much coal and iron . 
  unsurprisingly , both countries coveted this region during the industrial age . 
  people are n't kidding when they say the ecsc really made war materially impossible . 
  i just made a quick 5 second google and here 's the ever-so-respectable telegraph yammering about imperial measurement . 
  [ source 1 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/02/17/return-pounds-ounces-britain-might-allow-firms-use-imperial/ ) | [ source 2 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/04/01/now-sovereign-nation-must-bring-back-imperial-units/ ) nice attempt to downplay this widespread delusion , ignorant . 
  edit : fixed the 2nd source, 
   the usa is not a democracy , is a republic retard answer . 
  did n't read the rest . 
  ireland ( and so many other countries ) is a republic as well , yet does n't use your dumbass system . 
  a canada + deal is too good to be true in 2 years . 
  we are negotiating an exit , not an fta . 
  `` you can not lose if you do not play '' is a sloppy philosophy that deserves to be fully ridiculed and criticise . 
  you do n't choosing to not play . 
  you are always playing . 
  it 's exceptionalism . 
  this is what france and russia are suffering under too - which is what made france more susceptible to extremism with le pen winning nearly 40 % of the votes . 
  if you listened to macron 's speech , it has hints of exceptionalism too , despite being pro-eu why do you think our brainless mongrels wants to bring back the imperial measurements and pre-decimal currency ? 
  because it 's fucking ** british ** edit : i was wrong on the percentage ; it should be 34 % . 
  sorry , guys . 
  this is really interesting and amusing considering that obama is much closer to bill clinton than to hillary clinton or bernie sanders . 
  whether it was the accusation that obama is a `` socialist '' or not , democrat voters did definitely shifted to the left which made hillary and bernie ideologically palatable . 
  that is true to the point that the old european conservatives have no problem with social welfare - for as long as the social fabric remains stable . 
  bismarck 's healthcare system of 1883 is a good example of this . 
  yes . 
  germany had obamacare in 1883 . 
  you can say that . 
  ancient china is very expansionist but very benign on its tributaries . 
  the chinese are more interested on keeping their regime intact rather than couping or shifting countries to their influence like what usand russia do . 
  presidential system is a dangerous system the americans came up with . 
  it lead to so many dictatorships because most presidential countries didnt last for more 2 decades . 
  presidential system gives so much power to one man , which is why erdogan 's loves it, 
  yeah ? 
  well , you are no true scotsman !, 
  every average bloke and their mum and dog in the eu can speak english - and will remain as the language of commerce and culture . 
  however , french can be the procedural language of the eu if france played its card right . 
  it has 3 capital cities speaking french , it has french as the procedural language of the ecj , and 1 of the 2 languages of the commision and eu civil service . 
  it has the largest and most capable military ( post-brexit ) in the eu . 
  the french would be dumb if french is not the bureaucratic and legal language of the eu in the future - just like in the old days of the cold war . 
  organised and widespread for a couple of fringe groups , yes .
