  love your username, 
  has an influence in the collapse of the previous regime , sure . 
  to believe in russian propaganda that the usa instigated this is completely misleading ; otherwise , we consider all government collapses to be instigated by foreigner actors . 
  gender has come to serbia !, 
  tupac help us !, 
  it is as naive as it can get . 
  i 've read euro blogs that constantly argues that we are in some kind of post-modern age where only soft-power matters and military power is irrelevant . 
  these idiots completely forgot ( or chose to ignore ) the troubles in northern ireland and the yugoslav wars . 
  the ukrainian crisis pretty much discredited this idea . 
  waiting for the day where a strong viking woman would raid my village and carry me to her ship < 3, 
  yeah . 
  i know it was bp and the british gov who wants this , me used to be a british turf , but afaik the us played a role here too . 
  i hope i got that right . 
  that 's pure nonsense . 
  usa having a role in a coup is more like the 1953 iranian coup or the bay of pigs . 
  if you want to point fingers , it 's the eu with its eastern partnership program , but even that is just limited involvement . 
  do you want thousands of burgers crossing the border to glorious yurop if canada joined ? 
  it 's gon na happen either way . 
  these are people who believe that us coup 'd ukraine thanks to their state media . 
  except for the first one tho . 
  it 's napoleon `` the idiot one 's '' fault, 
  maggie is n't really the brightest pm when it comes to foreign policy . 
  this is someone who supported the khmer rouge, 
  if only the headlines are like these, 
  first , they came for the memes , i did n't speak out . 
  then , they came for the emoji i did n't speak out, 
  i 'm so pissed that i did n't thought of this pun !, 
  i ca n't believe snoop dogg would stoop this low !, 
  she 's not halal !, 
  true . 
  i can sense simon 's disdain on dnr at times ( ca n't blame him ; born in the ussr and was abducted by dnr troops ) , but their coverage in dnr is brilliant for a western media group . 
  he 's like a walking rotting leather that went pass it 's sell-by date, 
  fired ? 
  by an assault rifle , i hope . 
  from what i read , the `` briefcases '' of the nukes in ukraine and kazakhstan are in moscow 's control , so it 's pointless . 
  it also assured the americans , so they did n't do much on this matter of ukrainian nukes . 
  i hate these blurred lines , man !, 
  wait , it 's obama 's fault that ukraine got invaded ? 
  lmao you must be stupid . 
  we are a parliamentary democracy where the monarch does nothing , and we do it better than yours . 
  not to mention , there really is no difference whether they want independence from the uk or england , the caveat of the referendum is whether they want independence from the westminster government - whether the westminster government waves the st. george flag or the union flag is irrelevant . 
  spain has this similarity with ours . 
  they also suffered from separatist terrorism like us . 
  seriously , read up . 
  this `` turkey can not into eu '' thing is really tiring , imo . 
  they wo n't . 
  i know right . 
  are they on their period or something ? 
  i 've read the comments below , but i 'd like to add : i 'm not into ww2 stuff but i 'm also into history a lot , and the ss units i know are the big 3 : lssah , das reich , and totemkopf ; and an obscure one called ` ss galicia ' ( austria-hungarian galicia , not spanish galicia ) i can bet your average person ca n't even name one ss unit . 
  not a good comparison , mate . 
  had the ` yes ' vote won in the scottish referendum , we will most likely give up scotland . 
  now , if we had a scenario where `` kurdistan land '' in turkey gets a referendum and vote yes , would turkey give it up ? 
  that 's a better comparison, 
  losing a world war , gross-deutschland , and de-nazification, 
  i do n't see how jingoism is a labour trait . 
  was labour financially excessive during `` new labour '' ? 
  i had the impression that they are tory-lite now . 
  well ... for now . 
   that alliance solely works in their favour . 
  what have they done for us since ww2 that has helped us ? 
  dragged us into iraq , libya , afghanistan , syria ... so nice of them ... ahhhhh yes . 
  ireland , a member of nato ( not ) , who sits on a high horse , enjoying the fruits of global geopolitics while hiding behind the `` we 're totally neutral '' veil . 
  if britain is a hostile nation to ireland , you guys would n't be neutral at all . 
  not in our lifetime tho . 
  any long-term changes require precedence . 
  you ca n't just dismantle a nation-state that 's been going on for centuries . 
  regionalism needs to be the `` norm '' in their culture first . 
  if you want an iraq , you need iraqis . 
  that local officials are grabbing more power at the expense of the central state . 
  society and economy became more rural and decentralise , reducing the capability of the central state ; and the country will continue shitting its bed for a long time until it recovers . 
  chechnya is possible , then it 's caucasian neighbours , like ingushetia and dagestan , as worst-case scenario - that 's it . 
  tatarstan is a terrible idea . 
  russia is not a country that can be dismantle lol, 
  it wo n't . 
  but what is possible is that the federation is still intact but it is very decentralised where federal states have lots of independence . 
  basically , bastard feudalism . 
  lol . 
  mate , they are kremlin apologists , not pro-chinese . 
  there 's a difference . 
  he 's not asking for another one . 
  he said it 's inevitable . 
  to be fair on him , he 's absolutely right . 
  the surprising results in the ref made me pessimistic on the life shelf of the british union . 
  maaaaate , kurdish are the rednecks of turkey . 
  lmao, 
  hold on , i thought that was turkey, 
  what 's the definition of `` done well '' ? 
  for example , the usa is very very slow at reforms because of the enormous advantage to the status quo . 
  this is the reason why we need to federalise . 
  we need to harmonise and unify our penile policies, 
  some politicians did worse , and got away with it . 
  i see . 
  the iraq war gave me this bitter taste whenever `` special relationship '' is mentioned . 
  anyway . 
  i 'll consider that , but i 'm still skeptic considering the us-uk relations during the cold war was n't * that * spectacular , outside of the falklands . 
  was is it with french elite ? 
  are they admiring putin because he is a stronk topless manly leader ? 
  or is it because they have this archaic 19th cen . 
  world view that russia is an ally ( just like germany , coincidently ) ? 
  we only hate you .
