  but thanks for your reply because i think i have mixed things up . 
   according to the news magazine l'obs , in 2009 , the united states proposed to france to join the five eyes , that would then have become the `` six eyes '' . 
  nicolas sarkozy however made the requirement to be granted the same status as other allies , including the signing of a `` no-spy agreement '' . 
  this requirement was approved by the director of the nsa , but not by the director of the cia , and furthermore not by president barack obama , resulting in a refusal from france different reason but same cause : not enough trust . 
  i have to re-look again about what i posted previously regarding germany , there 's some move to put germany into the 5 eyes , but i 'm not knowledgeable on this topic . 
  this is pretty much the reason why there wo n't be a `` new london '' post-brexit . 
  banks will spread out on the city of their preference . 
  thinking about it , that 's a good thing . 
  concentrating all in one city irks me . 
  does n't matter . 
  keeping power and enriching yourself is what matters . 
  who cares if your average russian dies early than the average westerner ? 
  i wo n't , if i 'm gorging on that sweet sweet petrodollar, 
  stop talking nonsense either . 
  the us have achieved cultural and geopolitical domination that the old-school british imperials could only dream of . 
  you can paint ( part of ) the world pink , but only the us could reach all nook and cranny of the world after the ussr fell . 
  the ecsc/eec/eu used to have french as its 2nd language until the 90s . 
  take a guess why . 
  this . 
  erdogan is just desperate for his power-grab , which is why turkey 's rhetoric changed gears recently . 
  i have doubts with that . 
  turkey 's geopolitical interests in mena goes against russia 's . 
  turkey 's external threats and rivals in me are the kurds , syria , and iran . 
  the latter two are buddies with russia and pkk kurds have ties with russia . 
  not necessarily . 
  the eu and the us will remain friends and allies , but it 's the degree of trust between two sides that is the core of this issue . 
  it 's not just a matter of signing papers and then call it `` 6 eyes '' . 
  for example , france wants it to be 6 eyes but washington does n't trust paris because the latter was ( is ? ), 
  aggressive on spying on the former . 
  not that i 'm saying that it 's a bad thing . 
  but does the trump admin trust the british ? 
  i wo n't doubt if it 's establishment democrats or republicans , but the likes of trump & bannon ? 
  links as in between washington and london . 
  how both elites trust each other . 
  anyway , that trust was tarnished when it voted brexit . 
  i exaggerated . 
  so we 're taking a back seat in nato ? 
  because that 's what it sounds like , if you 're taking military as a bargaining chip . 
  yeah , but here 's the thing : nationalism is n't a rational thing . 
  it 's a romantic one . 
  wait , we 're leaving nato too ? 
  shit . 
  what else ? 
   strong links to the us . 
  not a strong card right now and for 4 years . 
  good question . 
  the reason though is that the uk was reluctant from the very start , and was n't really acting like a full member since day 1 . 
  the british elites are divided on this issue since the end of ww2 . 
  even today , the british are divided : the gap between leave and remain is closer than the scottish independence referendum . 
   should 've voted . 
  this deserves repeating again and again and again . 
  their edgy political nihilism ai n't doing us favours . 
  uhhh . . do you only go on r/europe or only on reddit ? 
  the daily mail is so prevalent on the internet discussion that if i get a penny every time a brit says do n't use dm as a source , i would n't need a job . 
  edc means european defence community . 
  back then , the club was just the original founding six . 
  a combination of defence community and political community would mean france dominating this early pseudo-federation pretty easily with a coordinated european defence speaking french , including ( west ) germany . 
  they shot edc down in the french parliament because they think they can keep their empire . 
  now they got neither . 
  that requires one country culturally dominating europe . 
  europeans speak english because of the dominating cultural influence of the us . 
  the author of the article make a very common mistake that the english-speaking eu was due to british membership . 
  latin sounds cool , but is very impractical to implement . 
  i can see french as a possibility if france pushes for military integration carefully . 
  french was already 1 of the 3 working language in the commission and parliament . 
  it is the working language in the judiciary . 
  they could do it in the military if they done it right . 
  but this is france - the country that shot down edc - so i wo n't put it pass them messing up a path that 's advantageous for them . 
  eh , there 's a likely chance that ny will surpass london . 
  london is still likely to be a big-deal city though . 
  because his followers are like that as well . 
   this is a man who has never needed to work for anything or take responsibility for anything in his life in summary , he 's a city boy . 
  unless they put barriers like your gdp growth should be at least this , or your budget deficit should be above this ; then i do n't see the problem . 
  for as long as the `` fast lane '' is open to all eu members , then that should be alright . 
  i see politicians worrying about this because this means they ca n't obstruct stuff anymore and get leverage . 
   like easing off on the whole authoritarianism a bit . 
  that would be seen as a sign of weakness from his boys . 
  he 's probably make scapegoats rather than toning it down . 
  i 'm pretty impressed with this protest ( especially those outside of st petersburg and moscow ) and i have respect on these people , but i think putin is more terrified of his own clique than navalny and the protests . 
  i think by this time getting insulted by duterte should be a badge of honour . 
  ouch !, 
  so edgy !, 
  things like occupy wall street or blm must be `` instigated by foreign agents '' then ? 
  or does that logic only applies on countries that are n't considered `` western '' ? 
  i really can not believe there are people who believe people ca n't think and organise for themselves unless they are paid to do so . 
  boogeyman or a new circlejerk - depending on your pov . 
  so many idiot redditors who are enamoured with this book and author . 
  i saw a discussion thread where someone suggested to make a subreddit dedicated to this book . 
  sad !, 
  it 's not actually long-lasting ? 
   also we had a strong communist party during the cold war . 
  and ? 
  so does on other western european countries like italy . 
  yet france have never crossed the line and joined the warsaw pact . 
  de gaulle have been a difficult partner , but when shit hits the fan ( e.g. 
  cuban missile crisis ) , france had stuck with the west . 
  long-lasting lmao . 
  if you wan na ignore the crimean war and the cold war then yeah , sure . 
  the french have a boner for russia like it was 1914 . 
  anything would sound milder compare to juncker 's statement,
