  ayyy lmao !, 
  you truly are an executive monkey . 
  promotion !, 
  i can imagine if it is the soviet union that became the `` odd one '' in 1930s-1940s , and it is defeated ; stalin would be the # 1 boogeyman in our societies , and soviet gulags would be the `` auschwitz '' in that world . 
  til . 
  even so , is that how special relationship is measured ? 
  considering too that there are 3 more pairs in 5 eyes, 
  eu citizenship : can go anywhere in the eu + efta schengen border : no border checks between schengen members, 
  piccadilly circus , madame tussauds , buckingham palace , stonehenge are pretty overrated . 
  the parliament looks cool - neo-gothic 4 lyfe . 
  hidden gem i 've seen recently : ely cathedral in ely , cambridgeshire , and it 's free, 
  death by snu-snu !, 
  i would even say that canada has a more `` special relationship '' than us , being us 's biggest direct neighbour , open borders until 9/11 , and a member of norad . 
  i hope this should convince people here . 
  kosovo is a puny balkan statelet in a legal limbo , ruled by a mafia gang . 
  organic farming is more expensive . 
  so , they cost more . 
  i always have the cynical belief that we could just do normal cheaper farming and sell the produce as `` organic '' for a higher profit - the gentrified lot wo n't even know the difference . 
  it was archaic , but it was n't arbitrary . 
  oh , let me put my worst personal example . 
  shit paper-taste american chocolate , and then labelled it `` belgian chocolate '' . 
  never again . 
  shit comparison , dumbass . 
  imagine europeans making something like `` new yorker pizza '' and advertise it as new york style pizza - or whatever geographic delicacy you yanks have . 
  i am honoured to live in an age where airstrip one is born, 
  quite sad that you guys are the pope 's bitches . 
  absolutely halal !, 
  their country 's name is very misleading . 
  switzerland is n't a confederation for a long time now . 
  i 'll refer to the sonderbund war . 
  if anything , it shows the poor longevity of confederations . 
  pirates of the agean, 
  military spending ? 
  we need you now , farage !, 
  true . 
  the pacific is n't our interests . 
  inb4 `` change the royal navy 's name to the ` us auxiliary fleet ' lolz '', 
  i s2g this guy is unbelievable !, 
  guy stepped inside government building , overthrows government . 
  because the system that we have now is unsustainable . 
  both pro-federation and euroskeptics are not happy with the current situation . 
  not to mention , historically , confederations have a bad longevity ; they either become federations or they disband . 
  tldr : waaaaaahhh !, 
  likes : europeans topics so i can catch up . 
  dislikes : pathological hatred on turkish and russians . 
  i do n't like these two countries , but , bloody hell , chill out . 
  that `` what if eu is a fed '' / `` how would you design the eu '' thread every week . 
  you need to promote more bureaucrats to 1 % to increase tax efficiency, 
  lol !, 
  i can imagine if there 's a question time northern ireland edition , everyone would collectively get the remote and change the channel . 
   no , because there will be no legal difference , no discrimination . 
  uhhh ... there are legal differences between the two, 
  fair point , but how come turkish troops are still there ? 
  jet fuel can not melt the homogay love between these two countries , my gypsy friend, 
  as a euro-fed , that 's a fine view to have , for as long as people ( especially from large former-colonial-empire countries ) would completely accept that we will become more irrelevant . 
  especially when the us or russia is leaning on us . 
  basically , you either choose your national sovereignty but has a little voice in the world , or a euro federation superpower . 
  ca n't have both . 
  this is merkel we are talking about . 
  she wo n't do anything under her own initiative . 
  i demand a photoshop !, 
  people are getting this `` versailles treaty '' wrong . 
  versailles was n't humiliating . 
  it was the germans over-reacting . 
  if you want humiliation , you should check `` brest-litovsk treaty '' . 
  the problem with versailles is that the treaty was n't too punishing nor too lenient . 
  it was n't lenient that the germans would be reconciliatory , nor was it too punishing that the germans ca n't fight back . 
  if punishing greece is the goal , then they should ramp it up to 11 . 
  no point half-assing it . 
  thank you , dear leader !, 
  * starves to death *, 
  touche, 
  how could you forget michael fucking gove ? 
  i 'm sure he meant that bulgaria and romanian got in because the eu got lax with the requirements , which is a bad mistake . 
  let 's have a drinking game where we drink every time the jews are mentioned in their `` uncovering the illuminati '' shows, 
  do it , greece . 
  if you join turkey , then holy constantinopolis is yours !, 
  you have to call it istanbul tho, 
   it is europeans that have turned this into a political struggle rather than a search for an economic crisis resolution . 
  france has made a policy lately that italy can only leave the eu if they admit that french food and wine are the best . 
  i hate these blurred lines !, 
   they have nothing to lose . 
  their fucking pride, 
  socialist movements nowadays are shallow and religious , and it 's people are dull as hell . 
  do n't expect any brilliance from them . 
  only thomas piketty that i remember that gives a refreshing view . 
  greece ai n't europe . 
  still too early to say . 
  breaking news : joining the eu actually involves reforming your state and society, 
  hahaaha i trick you, 
  imo they 're free to do so . 
  i 'd rather have chinese footprint in the eu than russian . 
  china is too far away to exert power and are n't the interventionist bunch, 
  just give them their country with leverage against them , and use them as a buffer . 
  i do n't know why erdogan wants to keep it . 
  from what i learnt from holy mutter , if you got kicked , then you 're a threat, 
  the size of the organisation got nothing to do with it . 
  i can bet my arse that the us federal government can protect the rights of citizens better than say ... alabama . 
  by your logic too , would it be better if federal germany just split up and give all the powers to its federal states ? 
  those lot tried to loot the athena statue and ruined it in the attempt .
