i ai n't saying that russians are terrible . 
  it just does n't make sense from a finnish nationalist 's pov to annex land that 's filled with russians , but then that did n't really stop them from wanting the entire peninsula back then . 
  the karelians are finished . 
  ( heh ) like what smurf4 said , finland is n't interested because the region is too poor and it 's filled with russians . 
  sounds more like what american machiavellians want to happen rather than what is likely to happen . 
  the return to nation-state contradicts the still continuing integration moves , and a strengthening poland would be a factor for more integration . 
  imo , it 's doubtful that germany wants to return back to the nation-states when it greatly benefits in the system . 
  though , i 'm still doubtful on whether full integration would happen . 
  i just do n't believe that europeans are so eager on dismantling such a complex and beneficial system . 
  they are willing to cut on everything ; but if it 's the military , police , and/or the intelligence service , that 's when shit hits the fan . 
  expect these items to disappear on the shelves soon . 
  seriously ? 
  if fucking harrods and other high-end retails in london has russian-speaking staff , why not the embassy ? 
  are you also gon na say that the secret services prefer not to have russian-speakers because they might be kremlin sympathisers ? 
  the us has no legal nor treaty obligation to pick up french shit in vietnam , just as europe has no obligation to pick up your shit in iraq . 
  hell , nato was designed not to bring us into european colonial wars by adding the `` nothing below the tropic of cancer '' rule . 
  moot point . 
  you are already entangled . 
  sweden and finland contributed troops in isaf , for example . 
  and aggressive us wars are nothing . 
  europe has a record of not following us on its wars , like vietnam , since nato 's foundation . 
  even in iraq , many refuse to join . 
  nato is a defensive anti russian alliance ; and , yes , we should keep it that way . 
   he is charismatic and distinct and farage too : /, 
  holy shit . 
  now that i 've thought about this , i wonder what 's the reaction from our sizable polish and other eastern euro communities ? 
  not positive , i suppose, 
   jacorbyns chuckles revolutionarily, 
  germany did n't gave a shit with nord stream 1 . 
  do n't expect any different with nord stream 2 . 
  not neighbours , necessarily . 
  it 's a `` russian '' * state that 's trying the western way . 
  * ukrainians are russians to some ( ? ), 
  russians, 
  so nasser and uar a british invention ? 
  just like what the other guy said , go fuck yourself, 
  it is bias towards the establishment . 
  just wait until the eu referendum comes . 
  even as a pro-eu , i 'm totally expected bbc to be obviously bias to stay in the eu . 
  because there 's little that is rational when in comes to politics , in general ? 
  saudi arabia is salafist . 
  it 's not the reactionary millennialism that isil is practising but it 's crazy . 
  obese ? 
   erm ... blackpool ? 
  you can have it !, 
  take liverpool as well !, 
  i ca n't wait until `` we love the victorian age so much that we are bringing back the workhouse ! '', 
  damn . 
  these brits are so perfidious . 
  i do n't even trust myself !, 
  it 's jewish physics . 
  you wo n't get it , silly burger . 
  they are completely entitled to it , and it is completely reasonable . 
  i even lol 'd when there 's a map of all the countries that cooperated with the cia torture facilities , and latin america is blank . 
  the iranian sanctions are very archaic . 
  do n't worry . 
  it 's all part of his toplessness ' grand strategy !, 
  the obvious solution is to install gentoo, 
  that 's where the term `` molotov cocktail '' came from, 
  true . 
  for example : they got bled white in ww2 . 
  in the latter phases , they kept relying on artillery , more than they used too , and their divisions are n't fully manned, 
  it 's not a clear cut dictatorship . 
  it 's more similar to singapore . 
  prison mentality ? 
  this crackdown is just too cheesy, 
  if that is the case , then there 's little incentive for the west to be buddy with luka . 
  leaning with russia puts them in this economic situation , and if the western leaderships are now more clever as you claimed , they can just them him to piss off unless real long term reforms are implemented . 
  how exactly ? 
  explain this so-called economic union of yours , if it is still a union . 
  does that mean we can also decide which capital that goes between member states ? 
  which products or services that can or can not be traded between the member states too ? 
  a purely economic union would include free flow of labour . 
  labour is part of the economy , in case you have n't noticed . 
  you do n't pick and choose . 
  have you lived in london , by any chance ? 
  `` good tsar ; bad boyars '' all over again, 
   which is why i strongly advocate we should focus on east asia immigrants . 
  chinese , vietnamese etc. 
  i am surprised that this is the first time i 've seen someone suggested this in r/europe . 
  east asians are so invisible in immigration discussions !, 
  but i agree , they tend not to care much about religion . 
  perhaps , with the exception of filipinos , malaysians , and indonesians ; i 'm not knowledgeable on how crazy they are on their religion . 
  plus , there is latin america too . 
  but they usually choose the us . 
  i do n't mind working as a smuggler for food . 
  at least , it ai n't drugs . 
  franco so proud, 
  from the inside you can . 
  us british gave up on ours . 
  is it made of ice , by any chance ? 
  i see . 
  i misunderstood what you meant . 
  popular opinion got nothing to do with law changes . 
  it 'll be a legal mess once you revoke rights and privileges on both sides ( eu citizens in the uk , and british citizens in the eu ) . 
  what people feel is irrelevant . 
  `` will will smith smith will smith ? 
  will smith will smith will smith . '', 
  sounds like a valid pair of sentences . 
  once all slavs are in the eu or eu-leaning , russia is pretty much kicked out of the club .
