  england and britain is interchangeable like russia/ussr . 
  ireland , scotland , and wales made their historical contribution ( especially scotland ) , but i wo n't deny that english dominated the union in many areas . 
  this is just one of the reasons why hollywood is generally so stale and uncreative ( with exceptions in some areas , ofc ) . 
  unfortunately , this is true from what i 've heard of russia 's oil infrastructure . 
  oligarchs are too greedy and lazy to repair and modernise them . 
  shut up , sea-german, 
  it 's a regional contest among eastern europeans, 
  i do n't know how many , but i 'm sure they are n't bendy, 
  it 's neither a good thing nor a bad thing . 
  that 's like asking whether having  50 % male bosses ( which is obviously the norm ) is good or not . 
  do n't worry , there wo n't be any mandatory castration laws to be implemented if it went over 50 % . 
  kosovo issue would be difficult . 
  i do n't know why the fuck did many western countries supported kosovo 's udi . 
   funny that a fucking russian has to make this argument on / r/europe . 
  it 's only misogynist when the non-west savages does it . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  any examples of these ? 
  you should read up on their history because , frankly , you sound pretty ignorant on this issue . 
  here 's the kicker : no one recognises transnistria , not even russia , unless you count imaginary countries like abkhazia , nagorno-karabakh republic , and south ossetia as real countries . 
  why should we tolerate a bunch of warlords occupying a piece of land without international recognition ? 
  it 's basically an army with a country . 
  your 20 years is a pathetic excuse and reeks of appeasement . 
  probably the only thing that props up that imaginary state and prevent moldova from imposing its ( rightful ) rule . 
  and i would respect that decision . 
  it 's their legit territory ; it 's up to them how they deal with it . 
  that actually sounds sensible . 
  what is the 14th guards army gon na do ? 
  i do n't think luka is keen on giving up his fief . 
  it was bismarck 's idea, 
  yeah . 
  singapore does it differently - they sue them with `` libel '' to oblivion . 
  i have no doubt that the majority of the crimeans would like to be part of russia if given the choice . 
  however , they ruined their reputation and credibility with that so-called `` referendum '' . 
  there is no way we can take this union seriously . 
  shhhh !, 
  the jews will hear you !, 
  a choice between this and eu ? 
  this is a pretty bad deal for the uk as a country , but i can see why individuals would prefer this , since this only involves freedom of movement . 
  `` the pope !, 
  how many divisions does he got ? '', 
  just like empire empire then, 
  or the borg !, 
  the fact that the 1st guards tank army is n't rolling across the fulda gap . 
  this allowed european countries to neglect their military spending and divert it elsewhere . 
  i distrust us influence in europe , but , god , i 'm not ungrateful . 
  it 's either you 're trolling or you 're a bloody german . 
  whataboutism omg . 
  how is iraq got to do with the usa protecting europe for decades with little financial cost on our part ? 
  yes . 
  a lot of the old city walls can be seen at night from the sky . 
  very cool . 
  before entering this thread : `` lol i bet they 're chechens ''  caucasus close enough, 
  patton is also that cunt who got pissed at his ptsd 'd troops for being `` pussies '' . 
  how is the move a bad thing ? 
  it kinda make sense . 
  i 'm a unionist but i do recognise that scotland is likely to leave . 
  if not last time , then they will have another referendum after a decade . 
  this `` imperial london '' policy ruined this union , imo . 
   there are now countries in the eu who want to support nuclear energy with state money , with tax money . 
  we consider that as absolutely out of the question as oppose to energiewende where they do n't subsidise their solar, 
  russia and america also got a brilliant relations before the commies took over . 
  as an example , russia was the first ( and perhaps the only one ) who supported the union side over the confederates . 
  while the british and the french ( former is anti-slavery and the latter was america 's war-bro ) were hesitant on supporting either side . 
  i often imagine right-wing turkey to be like the american right with all that god stuff , but damn , you guys are making it worse . 
  uuhhh . . for starters : make it work ? 
   what is this improvment ? 
  drop in trade ? 
  defence cooperation . 
  increase in arms trade from $ 5m worth of aircraft , to $ 14.4 m in the first half of 2015 . they have also received stugna anti-tank missile equipment from a minsk-based company . 
  kiev have also offered expertise and technology that minsk ca n't get from russia . 
   wishful thinking . 
  well done for conveniently ignoring the last paragraph , bellend . 
  maybe you should read more and reply better , rather than spitting dumbass one liners . 
  i doubt that the maidan revolt would happen there . 
  belarus seems stable . 
  foreign policy wise , belarus made noticeable shift away from russia . 
  it remain adamant on refusing to have a russian air base in it 's soil . 
  countermeasures have also taken against the little green men . 
  very recently , belarus and turkey are i creasing their relations http://m.belarusdigest.com/story/belarus-turkey-rapprochement-minsk-refuses-fight-kremlin-and-its-allies-25424 that 's not all . 
  relations with ukraine have improved significantly since the crimea . 
  keep in mind that lukashenko attended poroshenko 's inauguration , giving his approval on the new kievan government - the gov that the russian media denounces as `` fascist banderist junta '' . 
  belarus have also treated with pro west middle east states . 
  however , do not mistake this as belarus joining the western camp , as the country remains culturally and economically depended on russia . 
  and you only got luka to blame for that . 
  idk about domestic policies , but foreign policy was very commendable . 
  i would even say , better than any candidates that you guys have today . 
  tpp and ttip are two big moves if they passed ( personally , i 'm against ttip lol ) . 
  the iran deal and cuba are monumental . 
  when it comes to actual threats , he did n't pulled punches : drones and specops hit squads were deployed across the globe . 
  bin laden ' s assassination was a prime example of this . 
  he is also cool headed . 
  the fact that there 's no return of the army to the middle east is good . 
  he is clearly a realist , than a liberal interventionist or a neo-con . 
  the only thing i dislike is his red line in syria . 
  it 's obvi that he does n't want to entangle to syria , then he should n't have any red line . 
  some people say libya but i attributed that fault to h. clinton and to liberal interventionists like samantha powers , and to eu countries like france and the uk . 
  5 eyes are 5 lol , not 2 . 
  i would say that it 's canada that has a special relationship with the us . 
  norad is a prime example of this . 
  they are pretty much siamese twins .
