  the crimean crisis shook the hell out of belarus and kazakhstan . 
  both countries have substantial russian speaking minorities . 
  but yes , i agree with you in general , though the eaeu seems to become a dead horse in the near future . 
  deng xiaoping would get it through either treaty or tanks . 
  theres not much britain can do , and hk isnt really worth a war . 
  the peaceful handover was britain 's way out without humiliation . 
  is it fair for me to say that v4 is as trivial as brics ? 
  or are you guys doing more as a group than i expected ? 
  you dont even know what this `` joint military force '' means in terms of scope and depth . 
  it could be deeper than nato where the 27 share one logistics , or one medical corps , or one set of standardised set of weapons . 
  because with nato , eu countries fight with 27 different armies , lead by 27 officer corps , supported by 27 different logistic systems , with 27 different recruitment schemes . 
  if you still cant see how inefficient that is , then i cant help you . 
  it wo n't . 
  lancaster house treaty , a bilateral treaty between uk and france , is independent from the eu . 
  this bit made it so easy for cameron to pass it in the parliament . 
  so , it 's a. . . [ heat map ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heat_map ) ? 
  he is not an `` average joe '' , financially speaking . 
  research how much a city trader gets ( plus bonuses ) and also mep salary . 
  unless his wife suck all the money he had . 
  obvi , its not a sure thing but davis and hammond are more popular choices for tories . 
  i cant go for boris , if im a tory mp . 
  he 's oozing with incompetency and buffoonery, 
  oh god . 
  this is apologism to a new pathetic level, 
  the cunt went to america to kiss up with trump after brexit referendum results . 
  he doesnt care about anyone except himself . 
  this is the guy who disappeared before the dust settled , and the people who were left behind are the one doing the tough work on this chaos he contributed to . 
  i dont know what youre reading but you have a very warped perception of british politics . 
  the guy has zero experience on statesmanship over than grand standing in the eu parliament and making soundbites in the media . 
  the guy has no substance . 
  he is unpredictable to be your underling . 
  putting him it the tory party will alienate the pro-eu tories during a minority government . 
  putting boris and gove , rather than farage , as the face of the brexit campaign actually made it better for the brexit side during the referendum . 
  boris and gove are more experience on `` politicking '' . 
  i 'd love to hear what you think he can offer to the tories other than negative publicity for them and insults to the eu negotiating team . 
  most of the non-irish settlers who came to ireland originated from scotland, 
  mate , what planet you on ? 
  simple manifesto check shows which has left-wing policies . 
  im pessimistic that it makes no deal much mpre likely . 
  the government is weak and wobbly ( tm ) now and any form of brexit wont give us the needed concensus . 
  the best part ? 
  the fking habsburg prince went up and fight him . 
  its so european . 
  it is pretty interesting how british post-ww2 history , up to the end of the cold war , that the tories are the pro-eec/eu bunch , while labour was anti-eu . 
  churchill , macmillan , heath , and thatcher * are all pro-eec/eu to some extent . 
  that changed post-cold war when labour became pro-eu under blair and the tories are shifting to anti-eu since liam fox . 
  * before you say euroscepticism started with thatcher , you are right , but major was pro-eu . 
   but would n't he defend the free trade and free movement of people ? 
  old labour is n't here to protect free trade . 
  free trade is `` neo-liberalism '' . 
  i can see ol against free movement too , since their core voters are working class people . 
  guess what the working class people wants ? 
  ol is a protectionist faction of labour . 
   i always thought he was eurosceptic but from a different point of view , not like the tories or ukip right wing eurosceptics are an idiotic and weird bunch , as you have seen here in r/europe and elsewhere . 
  more feels than reals . 
  at least , the left wing are consistent with their anti-eu message . 
  the eu is a `` neo liberal '' institution that is an extension of american imperialism . 
  i obviously disagree , but it is consistent . 
  on the other hand , the right eurosceptics are very incoherent , and often borrows economic policies from the left to attract working class votes . 
  granted that the old bnp ( and its spawns ) are a natural fascist party ( left wing economics and right wing social policies ) , it 's really no surprise that a faction within the ukip tries to have leftist economic policies mixed with protectionism - emphasis on * tries * , of course . 
  i can see new labour going for soft brexit . 
  corbyn is old labour - old labour are eurosceptics . 
  i am sad to see executivemonkey being downvoted because people have broken sarcasm meters . 
  the only way for that to happen is to have state power collapse all over the globe . 
  the fiat currency collapse because the world is burning , not the other way around . 
   what about all these ships , hoarding gold from the new world ? 
  spent on habsburg wars that are n't on spanish interests . 
  multi-speed europe is pretty much what will happen ( and in the past too ) . 
  countries will just ignore the nordics and set up their own ad-hoc group . 
  that was a long while since the moscovite empire . 
  where countries are out-danking one another, 
  the us have sent nuclear secrets to the french too under nixon , and received reseaech data from the french during their partnership . 
  and yes , `` special relationship '' is a thing back in ww2 . 
  that was where it came from originally . 
  also , im not comfy on considering hardware sales as `` special '' . 
  other countries didnt bought the trident nor polaris because they cant buy it , but because they want their own independent hardware . 
  sure , if you argue on other areas , then it is debatable . 
  however , the words `` special relationship '' is often used within political context by politicians themselves . 
  so , i think it 's fair if i judge it based on political context . 
  if one bothers to look at its entire history , the us and the uk have mostly been cold or unaligned on each other . 
  let 's remember that the us was only invaded by a single power , and invaded it twice ( unless you count the japanese invasion of the aleutian islands in alaska during ww2 . ), 
  the uk was even hedging its bets during the american civil war . 
  positive trend started in the late-19th century and early-20th century where us-uk relationship became crucial to british geostrategy . 
  this reached peak in ww2 . 
  following ww2 , the uk was positive to the us , but the new superpower finds the british empire to be an obstacle - cue in the suez crisis and american support for non-european nationalism . 
  that cold war relationship only went excellent with thatcher . 
  but even then , the us was n't so excited on supporting the uk in the falklands against us-aligned argentina , nor on the insurgency in north ireland in which the irish enjoy support among the diaspora . 
  in contrasts , europeans still holding colonial empires back then , supported the uk on * day 1 * of the falklands war . 
  if you also look at the history of american interventions , the uk did n't follow on most of them only until iraq . 
  the most notable exception was their intervention on iran ( iranians nationalising british oil companies ) , which happen under uk 's pressuring on the us . 
  if any country has a special relationship with the us , canada is the winner for me . 
  ( some people say israel ) canada , which shares a history with britain , is part of the 5-eyes that the uk is included in - which makes it weird when people point at 5-eyes as proof of this `` special relationship '' when there are 5 members in it . 
  canada is also part of norad , which increases its strategic importance more than any of the other 5-eyes member . 
  wait !? 
  you say . 
  are saying that canada and america 's relationship is special because of their geography ? 
  yes . 
  ehhh , no . 
  yes , because it is ; and imo it trumps the uk . 
  but no , it 's not the only reason .
