  there are people who have lived during the last days of the empire 's peak of power . 
  take a guess which side they voted on . 
  when they said they recognise the ref . 
  they mean it . 
  just like how some countries pretend not to recognise a country that is defacto real . 
  to one-up the uk . 
  a lot of countries are now interested on building fta with the uk to one-up us . 
  anyone not doing so is losing a golden opportunity . 
  because no one knows what 's the outcome of the post-brexit negotiations . 
  why draft an fta with the uk when it 's relations with the eu is not formalised ? 
  because the uk is the best country in the world you thatcher hater / s, 
  are yanks really this dumb ? 
  [ 4th crusade intensifies ], 
   they could consider it a hostile act by the eu on the integrity of the uk . 
  but brexit is not a hostile act ? 
   the only possible way to avoid that is for the uk to pour money into ni post eu . 
  good luck getting that with a tory government, 
  you should ask a linguistics sub . 
  reich/realm is a very germanic word . 
  lol brexit won because brexiteers wants to `` kick out those pakis '' . 
  brexit voters # 1 concern is immigration , sovereignty came either 2nd or 3rd , i forgot which . 
  because parliament is constitutionally supreme . 
  no one is above it , not even a ref . 
  since the morning after the ref as i looked at the bbc live results , i know my country will have its ass kicked big time . 
  you do n't have to be a follower of ( big r ) political realism to recognise this . 
  you only need to be one of those many many idiots who are drunk with her majesty 's piss to ignore this reality . 
   because you do . 
  you had a good deal while being in the eu , yet you still complained incessantly . 
  it is because you simply do n't know your place and refuse to learn it , by thinking that you will be more of a `` world power '' outside the eu rather than inside it . 
  delusional . 
  tbh , i prefer the term `` beyonce of europe '' . 
  `` you 're not the beyonce of europe . '', 
  ( i 'm laughing and hating you rn . ), 
  he will top up anthony eden if that happens !, 
  depends on how the tories and snp acts . 
  from what i see , there 's no political will for a british fed from either snp and conservatives . 
  depends on perception of the crowd . 
  i heard from both sides that it 's revenue are not relevant since scotland 's gdp per capita is roughly like britain 's , and the other side says scotland is utterly reliant on it . 
  paddy forgot something : pm also resigned so we have the wonderful choices of either johnson , may , or gove . 
  good times . 
   i think eu would be wrong if they try to punish uk . 
  that would make anti-eu sentiment even stronger . 
  if they did it properly , then anti-eu sentiments will decline . 
  do n't underestimate the politics of fear - it worked brilliantly in the referendum . 
  cameron is a coward who promised a ref just so he can get votes . 
  the most disastrous pm since anthony eden and his suez crisis . 
  good fucking riddance . 
  at the start of their shenanigan , i thought pro-indy would be steamrolled . 
  i was so wrong . 
  imo , because napoleon was relatively better than most of europe . 
  though , it 's true that he 's a shit diplomat and run napoleonic europe like a mafia family , napoleonic france was certainly better than , say , absolutist prussia , spain , austria , and russia . 
   i think later he stableshed an empire in mexico city but did n't last long lol that was his idiot nephew - napoleon iii, 
  very good article . 
  it does correctly highlights the difference between the reasons why people vote to leave . 
  liam fox is as clueless as always . 
  this is pretty good . 
  we need replacements with finance people leaving . 
  good riddance . 
  nyc has the entire us economy on its back . 
  what does london have in comparison ? 
  hah that 's why they hate multi-speed europe, 
  it does confirm that the uk does n't change the fundamentals of its foreign policy . 
  leaving eu membership does n't changes who its friends and rivals are , nor does it change the fact that the uk resides in the north sea . 
  this actually makes france and their french exceptionalism more dangerous than britain & brexit . 
  they have been the # 1 member since ecsc ( until the uk 's entry and german unification ) , and yet ... keep in mind , that france has ** always ** been this difficult since de gaulle, 
  london will continue to be a big deal , but nyc will be the top dog post-brexit . 
  france was and is one of the pillar of the eu ( other than germany ) . 
  without france , the eu is pretty much crippled . 
  brilliant article . 
  i love ben judah 's writing style . 
  france is not that cautious on intervention . 
  it was france that was eager to go to syria , but was let down first by the uk when the vote was defeated , and then by obama following uk 's move . 
  not exactly , national courts can interpret eu laws and make judgement from that . 
  but the same courts can also bring up the case to ecj . 
  just imagine any normal justice system , but with one level above . 
  the ecj does n't judge cases on everything . 
  this maybe correlation rather than causation . 
  but if it is true that catholics are more pro-eu , that 's maybe because catholics are more universalist than protestants . 
  i mean , the meaning of catholic is `` universal '' . 
  protestant churches , on the other hand , historically were nationalised by their kings . 
  the only way i 'm removing a kebab is through my digestive system . 
  it would also be a political suicide to have a no-deal . 
  may is in a bad position on either choice . 
  wait , you mean the uk - the state the kept blocking eu-india trade deal - wants a trade deal with india ? 
  i completely forgot about the chinese visit . 
  that 's a good point . 
  i agree , it 's a poor quality article that could have strengthen their argument if they just refined it better . 
   how does voting to leave a political and economic union bare any relevancy to wanting to re-establish dominions , colonies , protectorates and mandates across the globe ? 
  reading the article , i ca n't see any wording where britain wants to establish an imperialist state again . 
  the article asserts that some british elites wants to re-establish ties with the commonwealth countries , which is correct . 
   where has this idea even come from ? 
  first they accuse brexit of being isolationist and now they say that it 's roots are in the desire to establish a global empire . 
  that 's because brexiteers are a mixed bag . 
  you have the daily mail group who are definitely delusional about some new commonwealth . 
  there are brexiteers - the working class who have lost out on globalisation - who wants to turn insular . 
  are n't the target of the sanctions his chums ? 
  very convenient . 
  tbh , i do n't think we need a brexit for this . 
  it 's a matter of the robot beating the wage of a manual labourer with their maintenance cost . 
  it was france .
