  much ruin . 
  very sad, 
  we need a glass-steagall act of our own . 
  but i doubt that would happen with the city 's hands gripping our balls, 
  yeah . 
  it 's called napoli, 
  remove serb ? 
  good point . 
  now that you 've mentioned it , it 's totally different compare to the ( lack of ) response from the `` little green men '' special forces from the first eps of the series, 
  not close enough to either china or russia , i 'm guessing . 
  saddam was actually pro-us during those times ( because iran ), 
  i ca n't blame the guy . 
  it 's a choice between shame or punishment, 
  edgy ( anti-west ) kids are getting pissed at vice because they expose russia 's shenanigan . 
  nonsense !, 
  poor people need to be punished financially because they are poor . 
  they are poor because they chose to be . 
  * adjusts monocles and top hat *, 
  farage ai n't on putin 's payroll . 
  he admires him because he is a stronk leader, 
  we like us tourists . 
  it 's the rude ones that seems to be the loud minorty, 
  lmao . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  good relations happened because there 's no invasion . 
  you ca n't really say the same to former warsaw pact countries . 
  there was no surprised that they all buggered off when the soviet monolith cracked . 
  those bloody juice are at it again !, 
  i always knew these hungarians are a bunch of filthy turks ( t ` is just a joke ), 
  lol do n't excuse your country 's utter corruptness, 
  money . 
  that 's seems to be the only thing western europe cares about nowadays, 
  good . 
  why ca n't we just leaving these fucking continent to the russians ? 
  i 'm sick of this attitude . 
  nations who ca n't defend themselves do n't deserve to live anyway, 
  gentlemen 's agreement between two superpowers , moron . 
  there 's a reason why soviet tanks crushed the prague spring but they did n't roll into austria . 
  this is also the reason why thailand was uncolonised by either france or britain, 
  you 're over-thinking this . 
  it 's a simple case of a mafia don teaching someone a lesson ( aka crimea ) for defying him . 
  from a practical angle , i can see the appeal . 
  i 'd be worried of that poor conservative population bomb if i 'm turkish . 
  tho , i can understand why others wants to preserve national integrity . 
  the irish have heavy ties with the british economy . 
  the uk leaving the market would be bad for ireland too, 
  uk turks went with hdp at 1st and chp at 2nd . 
  take that , le stoupide continente . 
  hahahahaha, 
  tell that to the whips , mate, 
  interesting !, 
  thanks for the info . 
  my place is a working class area, 
  so that was an election . 
  that explains why a turkish political party ( the one with the tree logo ) was active in my place in london, 
  yeah . 
  but there is no obligation . 
  this means that the eu states ( especially germany ) can keep this farce by keeping finland a `` member '' , but , de facto , eu laws do not apply there - like cyprus . 
  yes . 
  we will just be `` concerned '' . 
  even britain is n't roaring any more recently, 
  esperanto sucks . 
  i 'd rather learn a ( beautiful ) zombie language like latin than that, 
  because the ` yes ' campaigners are brilliant and optimistic . 
  while , the ` no ' side is pretty much `` you 're nothing without me , scotland lol '' . 
  as someone who is a `` light unionist '' , i 'm very disappointed at ` no ', 
  eh , i ca n't choose a side here . 
  is it bad if i 'm a byzantinophile and an ottomanophile at the same time, 
  belgium should be annex back to holland !, 
  who cares , for as long as we feel good and smug about ourselves . 
  her ( only ) goal is to remain in power, 
  same difference . 
  the ussr by the late cold war no longer tries to achieve communism , but the preservation of the soviet state . 
  putin laments the fall of the soviet state , not the ideology . 
  keep in mind that the other eeu founders ; lukashenko of belarus was pro-ussr for the same reason that he was even proposed belarus and russia be unified , and nazarbayev of kazakhstan supported gorby and the soviet centre all the way during the last days of the ussr . 
  awkward silence , more like, 
  itt : brits who claims they know gerrymandering, 
  the russian rep was funny . 
  if russia was n't an arse lately , i would have laugh at that . 
  labour would have one less stain in their hands ; a good chance of a brown administration . 
  britain would have more political capital in foreign affairs - assert it 's influence on things that are actually relevant to british interests . 
  less expenses to the treasury because wars are expensive . 
  he thinks sucking up to bush would work , while the rest of europe ( except poland ) said no , and it would pay off . 
  it did n't . 
  pivot to asia still happens , germoney has more strategic gravity , and special relationship was just an overhyped idea . 
  this is blowback for what blair did . 
  i know hindsight is 20/20 but blair 's gamble was so stupid . 
  steve and kevin are just having a cheeky wedding , mate . 
  it 's top bantz !, 
  how did he became the pm with 30 % ? 
  fptp like ours ? 
  they claim it via the last emperor 's daughter , who got married to some russian prince . 
  that 's the gist of it . 
  the most chillest muslims i 've met were turkish and iranians . 
  does goddamn swiss always do that to innocent lichtenstein !, 
  morale ? 
  probably do n't feel like resisting . 
  we are talking about education here . 
  they graduate here and then leave to america . 
  it 's probably pessimistic to say but i think our politicians are all living in ivory towers,
