  and they are very consultative on people 's opinions if they 're gon na do policy x or policy y on province z. 
  the people are also increasing frustrated with the corrpution , but not in typical developed countries ' levels . 
  you do n't know about these becuase you just do n't hear much about china , which shows your ignorance when you call it a `` blood thirsty dictatorship '' . 
  wait , what ? 
  tibet is now a recognised state ? 
  lmao yeah sure let 's not do another kosovo again , friend, 
  are n't rulers basically rl larpers ? 
  and there 's isis ( and middle east ) as a potential neighbour . 
  only tony blair was interested on turkish accession ; that or lip-service . 
  i ca n't believe people are forgetting about this embarrassment . 
  and libya is just over the other side of the med !, 
  thanks for answering . 
  true . 
  but keep in mind how important ukraine is . 
  yeltsin does n't want the union any more after ukraine confirmed to leave with the result of the independence referendum . 
  that 's how `` big '' ukraine is in everybody 's perception . 
  sorry to poop on your russian-bashing party , but putinist russia has less political control . 
  the commies have an amazing control of the country since the party is in rule for decades . 
  putin today has to act like an upstart monarch - to go to the extra mile to keep the people happy . 
  ` the prince ' has a lot to say about this subject . 
  as much as i want germany go to # 2 , i do n't think france is much better . 
  ( and no , i do n't think britain has the capability to rule the eu ), 
  not preaching but i do n't get it why you guys ( or should i say , your elites ? ), 
  are so interested on retaining kurdish lands if it 's so shit . 
  federal eu is just barely above the us in gdp ( yurop !, 
  it wo n't be a superpower . 
   i do n't watch many new movies , but let 's see , what foreign-language media have i enjoyed ? 
  the classics . 
  but can you name me a recent german or french film without google-fu ? 
  tbh , i ca n't do that , but i can name some trashy-level movies from the us . 
  what 's interesting for georgia , too , is that they did particularly well in domestic issues for a bunch of elites who were n't educated elsewhere . 
  usually , the theme is that new elites are educated elsewhere and bring those knowledge and values to their new country . 
  russia fella is right , mate . 
  shoigu has no chance once the court started cannibalising each other . 
  for now ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  if this trend continues , then that 's another source for europe that is not russia . 
  there 's a potential back then of a turkish-iranian pipeline , but the us pressured to cancel it due to the obvious sanctions . 
  or maybe the dutch are incompetent . 
  remember how the us-armed iraqi army performed against isil ? 
   just do n't let sarkozy in . 
  more like hollande . 
  btw , is juppe the best choice ? 
  not just tactically , but competence as well . 
  considering that germany has a boring predictable system of pr , with no `` viable '' alternative to merkel , i 'm unusually fine with german elections . 
  it 's the french elections that i 'm worried . 
   our history is together what history ? 
   yes , that 's russophobia when you are playing on irrational anti-russian fears . 
  you just had a hegemony in europe decades ago !, 
  and you guys are still freaking proud of it !, 
  a hegemony that you enforced with tanks when some east euro vassal state is causing trouble . 
  that 's not irrational , mate . 
  you 're just as dumb as americans going `` they hate us because of our freedom '' . 
  absolutely dense . 
   eisenhower was a great president . 
  he was some sort of political genius that new how to manage people to get great results . 
  eisenhower got the political experience by being the head of the allied forces in europe . 
  what 's interesting is that being a 5 start general is more about juggling people , and less military strategy . 
  the job description is about doing both , of course . 
   no sane american leader would prioritize anything above ttip at the moment . 
  and tpp . 
  remember china is the # 1 rival for the us right now, 
  source or you 're a liar !, 
  you can say the same about the uk . 
  yet there 's a ref about scottish independence . 
  ukrainian ref in 1991 was even more successful , regions unanimously voting for independence - including crimea and sevastopol . 
   the soviet union was hardly occupation , it created modern ukraine , revitalized the language and gave it its current borders . 
  also ukraine and belarus have been part of the russian empire for longer than the us existed , depending on the region . 
  saying that they had completely different experiences is misleading . 
  first part is correct , but not the second . 
  ukraine and belarus has a longer time under the commonwealth than the russian empire . 
  comparing it with the entire lifespan of usa is apples and oranges . 
  this is a stupid strategy , if employed . 
  the uk will suffer from an economically weak europe . 
  i hope they understand that the age where nation-states can just put up the drawbridge to avoid contagion is way in the past . 
  i 'll add that canada is a paying member as well . 
  so being an eu member is not a criteria ( at least , for now ), 
  ayn rand is so irrelevant ( outside of the us ) that i 'd be totally surprised if some tory frontbencher quotes her, 
  thanks for you and op for outlining this . 
  even if i 'm relatively leaning on free-market , i just ca n't understand the obsession with high gdp growth . 
  do n't worry . 
  we 'll catch thus guy and send it to a kangaroo court, 
  god . 
  just like brexit then . 
  but then again , we should n't fuss too much . 
  free trade will still benefit the consumers . 
   how can a war start if nobody wants it ? 
  prisoner 's dilemma . 
   dunno what it is but i 'm sceptical at any chinese offer . 
  fucking should be . 
  remember the chinese-russian deal struck regarding siberian pipeline ? 
  completely idiotic . 
  the chinese are still , today , buttmad about their humiliation . 
  this is true . 
  there 's no practical purpose on being loyal to a ( politically ) dead man . 
  since when is politics rational ? 
   to become british pm you need to be pre-approved by murdoch you have no idea how much i hated this man and his ways . 
  this is why automation wo n't be ubiquitous any time soon . 
  business will look at automation if it 's a sure profit , not because it 's ~ ~ the future ~ ~ it will happen , but slowly, 
  i do n't true british polls anymore . 
  consistently wrong .
