  are you serious ? 
  lem me guess , you 'll say they are `` libertarians '' , right ? 
  libertarians but socially conservative . 
  and i 'm completely ignoring eu and immigration here - which are topics they always bang about . 
  he 's a ( former ) city boy . 
  frenchies ' fault for not resolving this problem sooner . 
  londongrad is kinda accurate before the crash . 
  sorry for being semantic but that depends on what `` far-right '' is . 
  far-right in a sense of `` ukip = radical tories '' , then yes . 
  fascism/corporatism , no . 
  [ the geopolitical argument against gun ownership ] ( http://geopoliticsmadesuper.com/2015/09/02/the-geopolitical-argument-against-gun-ownership/ ), 
  wuuut ? 
  corbyn is anti-semite ? 
  this is news to me, 
  lmao turkey fires at ypg for crossing west of the euphrates . 
  you guys are scared that the two enclaves will link up . 
  you 're not even allowed to talk to us in public !, 
  it 's hard to see budapest as betrayal . 
  what the usa feared the most is not a resurgent russia/ussr , but a `` yugoslavia with nukes '' scenario . 
  giving up the ukrainian nukes was an easy option even for ukraine , since it 's moscow who has the `` briefcases '' not kiev nor almaty, 
  wait , i think it 's the entente that made the promise to poland , not the us . 
  uh , yes ? 
  this is the whole point of chinese investments in africa and the much-hyped `` silk road '' to central asia . 
  this is china 's way of securing more markets . 
  bottom line : china does n't care about russia , unless russia has a good deal to propose . 
  which is why they are very eager on sco and their anti-americanism ; but when crimea happened , china leaves russia hanging . 
   does n't mean he ca n't build them if he wants in the future . 
  yeah . 
  what a stupid eesti . 
  do n't you know pipelines grow on trees ? 
   china is a lot closer to his fields than europe and it is much easier to do business with the chinese than the joksters running the eu . 
  ah yes . 
  the chinese are , indeed , generous people . 
  they even let russia pay for the pipeline , and sell its gas at discount price !, 
   do n't forget that eu needs his gas much more than he needs anything from eu . 
  russia is a major importer of consumer goods and foodstuffs , since russia produce so little in relative to its size ( discounting natural resources ) . 
  russia also needs foreign money , hence why they consider being kick out of swift as a declaration of war . 
  east euro is still depending on russian pipes , but to say that the eu needs russia more than the other way is funny . 
  the eu is fortunate enough to diversify its economy and trade to various countries . 
  `` it 's your fault that i 'm suffering here . 
  why ca n't you just shut up and let russia fuck you up , and leave my gas in peace ? '', 
   becoming dependent and enabling the rise of the world 's most powerful authoritarian , nationalistic , human-rights disregarding regime before getting them to commit to certain principles however is playing an extremely dangerous game that is going to have huge costs in the future for everyone in the world-boat , britain included . 
  so what 's your solution here then , genius ? 
  you seem to have the perfect fucking plan on turning the world into a liberal international utopia . 
  lem me guess , sanction the chinese !, 
  at least , mine has historical precedence . 
  korea and taiwan were both industrialising authoritarian countries that changed into developed democracies . 
  japan has democracy but bad plurality . 
  only singapore holds with a one party democracy  this is so ridicolous i do n't even know where to start . 
  i forgot the part where europe democratise first then they got prosperous . 
  / s not even the asian tigers were nice and fluffy when they were developing . 
  some did n't even fully democratise with good political plurality . 
   what makes you think the uk - china trade could/would not surpass the atlantic trade ( uk 's part in it ) , which would mean it is more beneficial for uk to stick with china ... precedence and logistics . 
  atlantic trade has always been large since colonial times . 
  uk-china trade is too long and need to work from ground up again , thanks to china 's recent isolation . 
  now answer my question , what makes you think that chinese trade would surpass atlantic trade ? 
   stuff like what is happening in the news . 
  no mention of human right abuses in china etc etc. 
  this is only gon na get worse as china gets bigger and stronger . 
  you serious ? 
  like no news about what happened in tibet or those ghost cities ? 
  nice selective memory . 
  the media shows you what is dramatic and hot atm . 
  protesters being beaten up by chinese police is nothing compare to the head-cutting isis , syrian civil war , and refugees . 
   thanks for the personal insult . 
  well , it 's true . 
  you seem to think that being friends with x means abandoning y. 
  last time i checked , the usa has no problem making friends with mao mass-murdering culture-destroying megalomaniac zedong, 
  just like in the scottish referendum . 
  nope . 
  i read you right . 
  a x % increase of zero is zero . 
  do you seriously think people would overthrow a regime or vote them out , with a slight increase in their wealth , even if it 's fast ? 
  clearly you 've never heard of singapore . 
  even r/europe 's darling , japan , have a ruler party that ruled for so long , only to be interrupted for two short periods . 
  china is a dictatorship , but you seem to have this perception that it is brutal regime on par to saddam or any similar autocracies . 
  the other thing aside from farming - natural resources . 
  but i like your point . 
  if we look at pre-industrial history , it makes a lot of sense . 
  what 's worse than that is , perhaps , most of the the other half of the export chart are raw materials , rather than services or industrial/consumer goods : /, 
  and what the fuck will the bloody germans will do if russia invades ? 
  be `` concerned at russia 's tad aggressive behaviour '' ? 
  from a german , you have no credibility whatsoever on criticising polish suspicion on germano-russian historical `` friendship '' which often occurs on poland 's expense . 
  is it weird that i did not find that surprising from compulsive-liar-slash-sociopath russia ? 
  yours is ignorant and naive . 
  what makes you think that the uk or the eu will abandon the atlantic trade ( which is the wealthiest trade route in the world ) , and replace it with china ? 
  what makes you think that the uk , a member of nato , would choose the chinese side over the americans ? 
  you lot think like putin , to be honest . 
  you think politics is a zero-sum game, 
  pray tell , what benefits do britain gets if we keep banging on about human rights , instead of developing trading with china ? 
  you lot here have this weird perception that we have to solve everybody 's problems , instead of letting the chinese themselves decide . 
  give the people prosperity so they do n't have to worry about survival , then they 'll decide if they actually want democracy . 
  democracy does n't fill your belly . 
  you 'll think of democracy ( and all those abstract concepts ) once your belly is filled . 
  nope . 
  abe has just allowed japan to deploy forces abroad . 
  this is a worrying thing on japanese-chinese relations . 
  because chinese are not that wealthy . 
  you need to understand how terrible the mao era was , and that china 's boom from deng xiaoping to today is so overblown and overrated . 
  and to point out on your case , the communist party is actually very anxious that this growing conciousness amongst the growing chinese middle class ( it 's just small , but they 're stupid if they do n't recognise this growth ) .
