   i still cant understand how his supporters just wont accept that labour is going nowhere with him in charge . 
  just like everything else : blind faith and living in a bubble . 
  would it be nice if everyone just speak french !, 
  it is argued that tirpitz built the navy because of his `` risk theory '' . 
  germany does n't need a navy that has outbuild the british [ 1 ] , but a navy strong enough that it would sufficiently damage the british navy that it would be vulnerable to another naval power [ 2 ] . 
  the german navy , in theory , works as a strategic deterrent . 
  [ 1 ] not that difficult . 
  germany got a larger industry than the uk during the late-19th century and the even until ww2 . 
  [ 2 ] this is one of the reasons why the uk gave up sphere of influence in the americas to the us , far east to japan , and got friendly with their rivals : france and russia - two countries that seriously threatens british interests . 
  i can not tell . 
  iraq just dominates the news whenever blair shows up . 
  it does n't help that the current labour leader is the president ( ? ), 
  of the anti-war coalition , which hates blair ( and any new labourites ) with a passion . 
  if you ask me , he 's done well . 
  i think `` education , education , education '' did n't went as envisioned ( it 's a long discussion ) , but , imo , it was excellent progress when the tories ( aside from destroying the education system , thanks to fucking gove ) have to raise the grade standards because students , as a whole , are doing much better . 
  if a blairite ends up as the leader , i would consider voting for them . 
  i 'm usually a lib-dem/tory voter . 
  again , this is my personal opinion of the guy . 
  at least blair can do a [ `` quiet landslide '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_2001 ) . 
  something commie corbyn can only dream of . 
  because he 's the pm who sent the uk to iraq . 
  he is politically poisonous . 
  so , whatever he 'll say ( pro-eu statements ) will have negative effects . 
  it 's stupid if you think about it rationally , but since when are voters rational ? 
  which is a shame , because i think he 's an excellent politician if he did n't went to iraq . 
  yes . 
  i remember watching this and ` little women ' . 
  are you reading daily telegraph or daily mail ? 
  they do . 
  it 's been a while since the good friday agreement was done . 
  so the low-level conflict got little to do with northern ireland 's shittiness . 
  truth is , the government just does n't give a damn outside of the south-east , and northern ireland got a dysfunctional politics . 
  at least , the latter will soon be resolved once the old bastards ( both catholic and protestants ) are died , and a new generation is raised to power . 
  this is one of the top things that 's so horribly annoying about americans . 
  ( classic ) liberal is free-market and freer social rules . 
  of course . 
  rome , like many classical empires , are agrarian and very unequal in wealth that the gini efficiency is nearing 1 . 
  roman government used to do that by devaluing their money , and even pass laws that people should take it as face value . 
  traders just up the price and use weights . 
  i 'm being * that guy * and say that there are different `` romans '' back then . 
  the easterners are more greek-persian in culture and the westerners are more ... ehhh , western . 
  oh god . 
  it 's either you just pull shit out of your arse constantly or just trolling . 
  there 's a reason that even free market usa has agricultural subsides . 
  why not go for the maglev ? 
  the chinese have one already . 
  this post is very well done and well researched . 
  this is the first time i 've seen someone mentioning the edc !, 
  while eu 's decline into an over-glorified fta is definitely a realistic possibility ( europeans should never take things for granted ) , trends and the current political will shows that the eu will continue to integrate . 
  we need more data than just brexit to see that things are going downhill for the eu . 
   the fact that brexit squeaked by in the least committed member state should speak volumes about the general consensus on the eu among the other member states . 
  this is a good point . 
  people need to remember that the brexit vote was pretty close ( 1.9 % ) that it could have swung either way . 
  the margin is even smaller than the scottish independence vote . 
  in regards to russia , it will continue to be a great power in the short term , but there 's doubts that it will continue as one in the following decades , due to the low oil prices and the emergence of shale oil . 
  there 's also the growing soft-power influence of the eu and china in the former soviet republics in eastern europe and central asia , respectively . 
  b-but . . something something founding fathers !, 
  london bankers would rather lick farage 's balls than to move to amsterdam , because of the country 's bonus cap . 
  frankfurt and paris are financial cities . 
  hsbc is a heavyweight in east asia . 
  rebasing into china with the right conditions is possible . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  the council !, 
  true . 
  but there are arguments whether a land-based nuclear weapons is worth the price tag nowadays . 
  mattis argues for a `` diad '' like france . 
  to be more accurate , they love the statism that stalin and the tsars exemplifies , but not the communist ideology itself . 
  they hate lenin but they love stalin . 
  they hate the bolshevik revolution but they love the soviet empire . 
  how did you get from swiss direct democracy to ukip ?? 
  afaik , only redditors wanks over the swiss system . 
   but if sarkozy had such a bad relationship with putin really ? 
  i thought sarkozy is okay with putin ? 
  he 's the one who tried to sell the mistrals , no ? 
  yep . 
  he was stationed in east germany back then . 
  hard to figure that out , tbh . 
  the system makes a portion of people vote tactically , and mostly would vote for the big 3 . 
  pr like germany 's would change the entire equation . 
  it 'll make lib-dem , ukip , and greens larger players . 
  snp would get the number of seats it really deserves . 
  also it might break up the `` big tent '' parties of conservatives and labour , if they keep messing things up . 
  agree . 
  `` yugoslavia with nukes '' scenario was a serious concern for everyone that even the us was very supportive of gorbachev , and officially wants to keep the ussr together ( minus the baltics ) . 
  bush sr. even became infamous to republican-voting ukrainian diaspora with his `` chicken kiev '' speech . 
   us public debt is 75 % gdp , uk 83 % , russian 14 % . 
  russian trade balance is positive even after collapse of oil prices , uk and us trade balance is deficient . 
  bad metrics . 
  wealthy countries got more debt because they can afford it and there 's hell lot of debtor confidence . 
  russia needs less debt and a big rainy day fund , because their finances is so unstable that when they went downturn in the 90s , they end up in a default . 
  same disaster in 2008 , but good thing they save hell lot of money to save themselves . 
  they also can not borrow a lot of money because debtor confidence is way lower . 
  when was the last time the us defaulted on its loans ? 
  trade surplus/deficit is bad metrics too . 
  developed countries tend to be importers because they have huge consumer base with money to spend . 
   in the end russia has an economy the size of italy . 
  obsolete comparison . 
  it 's a bit lower now . 
  the size of spain . 
  i thought leftists can be kremlin suckers too ?
