  savage, 
  thinking about it now , i think this is realistic outcome for getting around the technicality of brexit . 
  they 'll be like `` but we did left the eu '' . 
  yes . 
  i know this includes the freedom of movement , but then the working class is n't really the target voters of the tory party . 
  you should 've submitted yourselves to the grace of the doge and the serenissima , heathens . 
  inb4 username checks out, 
  it got sacked twice by very the same people , i believe . 
  1st when they installed a pretender . 
  2nd when the pretender backed out from his promises . 
  top kek !, 
  cos god is a stinky frenchman  :(, 
   there was no imminent threat from saddam hussein . 
  the most damning statement of all . 
  if this is understood and clear from the start , iraq war 2003 would n't have happened . 
  alas , the son wants to be a cowboy like his dad . 
  the reason why the first war was successful , ironically , is because it 's has a limited goal . 
  neo-cons from the republican party saw this as incomplete job rather than a victory . 
  this is so true . 
  this mentality is what gave birth to mercantilism . 
  and it 's not really a very `` liberal '' idea . 
   so what about all these people who are planning to leave britain if the country would leave the eu ... 
  it 's the other side that are claiming to be patriots . 
  the remainians are `` practical '' people . 
  france still has an iron grip on its traditional backyard ( francophone africa ) . 
  mali and libya have proven this . 
  ukraine is n't france 's turf . 
  my guess is that brexit will be a classic case of `` you do n't know what you got until it 's gone '' for the younger generation . 
  i know :(, 
  for your pleasure : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqm0ube0ols, 
   we have canadians in our leagues . 
  you mean , unliberated americans ? 
   john kerry said there 's a way for the uk to step back kerry has fuck all understanding of british politics . 
  non-binding is just a fancy complex legal wording that i cba to talk about ; but in practicality , no sane pm will ever ignore the ref without pissing off the parliament . 
  but then , the us does n't have parliamentary system ( their loss lmao ) , so it 's natural to have misunderstandings with it, 
  yet you 're ignoring how he overhauled the education system in order to catch up with the changing society of britain having a mostly service economy . 
  nope . 
  he admires clintonomics . 
  not exactly leftist , but different thing . 
  this mop can get shafted . 
  after years and years of negativity from the uk media about the eu , they now witness the media turning their guns on them . 
  this guy was the chancellor of exchequer when the gov passed cuts on the disabled , then have the gall to attend the london paralympics . 
  asshole got boo 'd by the crowd . 
  because labour force is part of the economy , plain and simple . 
  philosophically speaking , human labour is a commodity - along with goods , services , and capital . 
  now lem me reverse the question : why do you think that freedom of labour is not an integral part of the single market ? 
   vienna ( 51 points ) do it , and put the habsburgs in !, 
  make austria great again !!, 
  for me , when i saw `` russian '' , i was n't thinking russian russian . 
  caucasian russian was the first thing to come in mind . 
   it might even make sense to pick a nation like mexico as it is easier to just tear that deal up once the dust settles . 
  do n't underestimate mexico . 
  they are developed enough that their gdp surpassed russia 's when the latter dipped after the sanctions . 
  for such a country , it 's such a shame that they are having drug wars . 
  a political cartoon that captures gove perfectly : http://i.imgur.com/rnoz5hf.png, 
  from what i heard , he is planning to pander on the working class peeps . 
  basically , trumpism . 
  tho , i am not sure , so do n't quote me . 
  in which case you 're talking about ? 
  uk-eu negotiations or trade deals with other countries ? 
  the former is - no-brainer - an obvious eu win . 
  article 50 made sure that the eu , not the leaving member , has the dominant position . 
  art . 
  50 is basically `` you only have 2 years to accept our deal '' . 
  the leaving member is obvious on the defensive - to save as much as possible . 
  on the latter , i 'd advise a brush up on trade deals ( and that includes myself , admittedly ) because there are several factors at play . 
  how economically depended country a is to country b is a prime example . 
  us-canada ( which later became nafta ) is a perfect example of this if you want a similar case for the uk-eu trade deal . 
  spoiler alert : the us dominated it . 
  to say that we are in a dominant position just because 80 % is services do n't make any sense . 
  i ai n't cheering , mate . 
  i 'm warning . 
  i 'm perfectly aware that the uk economy will get hit . 
  ireland would then suffer the most due to the contagion . 
  sorry to rain on ireland 's parade , but ireland will be the one who will get seriously hurt out of all the eu states . 
  please heed my warning , ireland . 
  expect a recession . 
  watch the `` eu wargames '' on brexit negotiations from open europe , and hear the ireland player 's case . 
  and here we are thinking we can get away with the `` imperial generation '' dying off without fucking up our country . 
  i wan na repeatedly punch this walking ballsack, 
  how can one arrive on `` europe has no private press '' from `` publicly funded does n't mean the government has full control '' ? 
   eu has team of ~ 600 negotiators ready to rock any minute . 
  and once the eu is done , 60 + countries that the uk has existing trade deal will take turns bitchslapping the uk on trade negotiations . 
  trade negotiations are one of the most ruthless and most machiavellian out there . 
  this explains why trade blocs are popping up like mushrooms ever since the eec/eu saw success . 
  i want to skin this scum alive . 
  this is what i highly fear . 
  all these countries talking about doing an fta with the uk sounds so good , but these countries are rushing for a good deal - for themselves . 
  you 're missing a golden opportunity if you 're not thinking for an fta with a post-brexit uk, 
   its a reason most places are republics . 
  we have an yankee here , lads !, 
   she wants war with iran source on this , mate ? 
  even in libya , where 's she 's very hawkish , she was n't charging foolishly unlike bush . 
  she has a coalition backing the us . 
  conservativehome.com lmao, 
  remain won in n.i. , but i find it unlikely due to the resilient unionist opposition . 
  you need to deal with that first . 
  scotland does n't have any serious unionist opposition among scots . 
   the fall has been so rapid for the great powers a hundred years ago that it 's no wonder the national psyches have n't had the time to reorient themselves . 
  agree .
