  trade is still there , duh . 
  but as the head lines says , the uk would go down the priority list . 
  so uhhh if these all sounds so awesome , where was your anglo bloc decades ago ? 
  the eu has been running since the ecsc after the end of ww2 . 
  where 's the anglo bloc if it 's so easy to construct and maintain ? 
  not to mention , mate . 
  canada , no , and australia have been depended on the us since the height of ww2 . 
   i agree with your last paragraph but i 'm afraid i must point out that the leave campaign has already rejected the eea option . 
  omg . 
  these idiots not just idiots . 
  they are insane . 
  it is romantic . 
  the non us anglo countries are more dependent to the us than to the uk , ever since the height of ww2 . 
  i get somewhat depressed how the uk did n't seem to learn much from the suez crisis, 
  i jokingly told myself that it 's the jews . 
  i ca n't believe my eyes . 
  true . 
  this is a trait to any group that is highly ideological . 
  they turn into cults where it 's easy to get sectarian, 
  fuck the unions for their political maneuvering tbh . 
  they are the ones who gave us ed miliband rather than his brother . 
  now , we have this dinosaur, 
  i think enough people are still patriotic . 
  falklands the prequel is still fresh on the minds of older gen. 
  i 'm pro-falklands for geopolitical reasons . 
  lib-dem would maybe get a comeback !, 
  ( but maybe i 'm just bias as a lib-dem supporter ) . 
  holy ... corbyn is the hero that everyone needs , unless you 're from new labour . 
  that 's too smart and long term for a bunch of politicians . 
   can you really blame us ? 
  yes . 
  can we blame the russians for their problematic nostalgia on the ussr ? 
  yes . 
  in the background : tories patting themselves and laughing for another re-election, 
  not if your country signed a fucking convention over it . 
  russians are just untrustworthy . 
  thats terrible . 
  i 'm gathering from the headline that there are no fatalities . 
  and is that the blue mosque ? 
  it would be a great shame if this historic building is damaged . 
  i completely forgot about the military build up . 
  that 's horrifyingly soviet . 
  and also , cynically , a way to keep the siloviki loyal . 
  he 's losing support from many spectrums . 
  the collapse of the state is also sad . 
  but that 's the product of the vertical of power where the only thing that matters in russian politics is social connections . 
  you need to read up , and you 'll be surprised as i am . 
  bush senior was very supportive of the ussr and gorby to the end , and was late on recognising ukraine . 
  this had the effect of alienating his ukrainian diaspora voter base . 
  the us is genuinely scared of a `` yugoslavia with nukes '' scenario . 
  the only part that had a direct effect in the ussr split was their persistent backing that baltic states can go because they see the annexation back in the 1930s as illegal . 
   nowadays the russian state ca n't provide basic services ( medical care , transportation , food security ) across much of siberia . 
  big is n't necessarily a good thing . 
  the people living there feel like they are living within colonies , add in putin 's `` vertical of power `` tm , moscow appointed governors , and `` rotations '' , and you have a recipe for discontent . 
  try asking anyone from siberian on what they think of moscow . 
  it 's much much worse than what british and french people think of london and paris . 
  true . 
  but the guy did n't mean that belarus is barred from entering the eu forever . 
  i 'm sure a lot of us want belarus to be in it too . 
  not russia though . 
  even muscovites , dislikes the real russia . 
  i tihkn we are doing great at the moment but i 'd advise to call bullshit on these kind of predictions . 
  i just bought a book yesterday , by 2016 , i 'll have 7 more books . 
  the putin administration heavily relies on immigrants from central asia . 
  it 's bad pr if the russian church starts talking about holy wars . 
  not that different from western european countries when you think about it, 
  germany needs to shut up for once, 
   later the same people say that being absorbed by russia would be cool as it would gibe dem money for nothing . 
  oh i 'm reading fragile empire by ben judah rn and these idiots are soooo wrong . 
  understandable . 
  i know hindsight is 20/20 , but belarus really fucked itself up by russifying itself , continue with so many post soviet projects that are all flops , and never diversify it 's trade ; when in the end , the belarusian elites do n't want their state to become a mere province of russia . 
  let 's hope that o & g prices will stay down . 
  from an eu perspective , this is a somewhat encouraging news . 
  meaning that belarus ' improving relations with ukraine since the crime an invasion was n't just a short term gig . 
  however , do not expect belarus to suddenly liberalise itself and join up with the west , nor to embrace free elections or protests . 
  this means that belarus is definitely not pleased with russia lately . 
  nor luka is interested on being putin 's junior . 
  that ai n't nato , chum . 
  learn the difference . 
  and you do n't seem to know shit either . 
  finland and sweden contributed troops in afghanistan . 
  this is a myth . 
  those `` ukrainian '' nukes are russian . 
  moscow controls the briefcases . 
   it 's economy resembles a colony more than anything else . 
  to be more accurate , like a medieval state . 
  the sovereign allocates titles and incomes to loyal courtiers , regardless on their expertise . 
  it is also depended so much on the prices of raw materials . 
  in the tsarist times , russia was so depended on grain exports . 
  nice straw man . 
  i did n't say anything about anti-eu = far-right, 
   your class and your wealth or profession are n't linked . 
  so , self-made millionaires who are at the top of the economic/corporate ladder are not upper class , but rather , middle class ? 
  what century are you living in ? 
  i 'm someone who does n't mind either way ( republic/monarchy ) , but what 's the point of having a ceremonial president ? 
  if the uk is going republic , i 'd prefer if there 's no president at all . 
  at least , there 's pragmatic reasons to pour money on the monarchy , but nothing on an old guy in a business suit . 
  if they do exercise their power , then that 's an issue - a revolution , in fact . 
  otherwise , it 's not a problem . 
  i can claim to be the reincarnation of emperor augustus and claim as the ruler of europe , but no one would take me seriously .
