  they will remain as fringe groups though since the tories are taking all the right-wing attention . 
  bnp is way too old , imo . 
  if there 's any defection , probably more into newer groups like edl or britain first . 
  also , ukip is still visible in the media , so people will still vote for them . 
   no , this is simply not true . 
  many chinese interests are fundamentally different from the european interest - to start off with the preservation of the current geopolitical status quo . 
  china wants to rewrite it , true . 
  but the problem here is it 's now changing even without china 's help . 
  the us did so much damage to itself . 
  iraq , arab spring , and then trump . 
   that said , the eu should pursue good relations with china and where possible act as an intermediary between arising sino-american conflicts . 
  that would give the eu a lot of positive standing , which it could also use to incorporate china into the current multilateral geopolitical structure of ` the first world ' ( that name needs to change too ) , like japan and south korea did . 
  i fully agree . 
  eu should n't pick sides on a conflict that that is not on their interests . 
  being friends with both sides is a good approach , and to integrate china more into the international system . 
  interestingly , this makes us and russia relatively weaker . 
  when xi made a grand visit to the uk years ago , i approve of it ( to some extent ) , and i got downvoted . 
  never change , r/europe, 
  thanks , america , for taking one for the team . 
  kinda a bit too late for us tho . 
  the circle of life is just a bourgeois propaganda to keep the class structure intact , so the lions can keep hunting and eating their subjects . 
  i laugh at online retards when they insist that ukip is a libertarian party . 
  it 's a radical right ( the tory variant , rather than fascist ) party . 
  you wo n't probably believe me when right-wingers ( years ago ) refuse to believe your statement . 
  yeah . 
  the problem with bush is that he seems ( and/or is actually incompetent ) . 
  i never saw him as evil . 
  the turkish army would rather kill the sultan than to leave nato . 
  erdogan wont leave because nato is too important as a shield . 
  without nato , erdogam prob wouldnt even have the balls to send the army to syria . 
  if the gap is in a month then the party can reasonably ride on macron 's wake . 
  not just the leftist , bruh . 
  it 's just that 1 . ), 
  leftist are more prominent in reddit 2 . ), 
  reasoning with rightist is like reasoning with a monkey . 
  nope . 
  these people think that by abstaining from this dangerous game called `` elections '' , they think they are actually out of the game . 
  their conscience , their morals , and their material wealth would be left untouched . 
  it wo n't . 
  she has full power on foreign policy , even in the case of cohabilitation . 
  just imagine what damage she can do on foreign policy , outside and inside the eu . 
  get rid of your semi-presidential system . 
  de gaulle is long dead . 
  sorry , but you leftists need more logic and less angst . 
  same goes for lukashenko , but you 're sure that he is close to putin - either by choice or necessity . 
  the germans are also against it . 
  it was the french who pursued it . 
  so germany is n't influential ? 
  so much for the 4th reich , right ? 
  she ca n't be bothered to push for gay marriage in her own countries , why would she bother on women 's rights in ksa ? 
  unless she knows that would get her votes . 
  from a cynical pov , it is argued that the oil-glut of the 80s that bankrupt the ussr and fell . 
  from this pov , when will lukashenko fall ? 
  either when the state runs out of money , or he retires voluntarily . 
  be cautious on this though . 
  may is an onc , not a thatcherite . 
  at least , she appears to be an onc . 
  from a consumer point of view , ftas are often good , because you do n't really care if it 's an american or british company . 
  you care about the price and the quality . 
  from international affairs point of view : no . 
  it is always the `` biggest wins '' . 
  nafta is currently skewed to the advantage of the americans ( take a wild guess why ) [ 1 ] . 
  asian countries have also spent a lot of political capital on placating their own elites because tpp is ** also ** advantageous to americans - especially the pharmaceutical industry . 
  post-brexit britain can and will sign ftas with countries , but the deal will be worse than what the eu gets with that same country . 
  [ 1 ] if you 're wondering why trump wants to renegotiate it , that 's because he 's an idiot . 
  renegotiation is what canada and mexico actually wants . 
   uk lacks the requisite influence to match the size of its contributions . 
  that 's not the eu 's fault , it 's the british that are just shit . 
  let 's just remember that the uk was very influential during thatcher-major administrations and reached its peak during blair 's . 
  the uk was very influential back then . 
  the sharp decline started with brown and continued with cameron . 
  both are just sub-par politicians on international affairs , especially the eu . 
  you only noticed that ineptness of cameron , because of the headlines ; and probably ( understandably ) ignorant on how powerful it is in the old days because the media does n't really inform you about it . 
  yes . 
  brexiteers asserts that countries are queueing for trade agreements with us . 
  that would be a moot point if tariffs are non-existent . 
  i mean , the point of ftas is to lower protection barriers . 
  why sign ftas when the other country does n't have barriers ? 
  this caan be done but remember the `` queueing for fta '' thing . 
  no one wull be queueing for an fta with us with 0 % tariffs, 
  there was n't . 
  the serious question is how fast it would be written, 
  case in point, 
   john oliver ... mate, 
  rival country says rival city is at-risk after shooting itself in the foot, 
  does irobot count ? 
  it 's just top bantz , bruh . 
  i 'm cool with schulz because it gives the german voters a good option other than merkel & the cdu . 
  `` no other alternative '' elections are terrible elections in my principle . 
  i 'm making fun of the schulz train * itself * . 
  fair enough . 
  i only posted that to rile up some pro-spds . 
  are we still saying that ? 
  ignore the imbeciles . 
  these people are spoilt brats who would sulk until the world bend backwards for them . 
  i live in a safe-seat in an fptp voting system , but i still vote each and every time . 
  and people wonder why red movements are in decline , even after the great recession . 
  only at the first few instances , american history showed us that the range of parties will go down to 2 . 
  despite reddit popular opinion , voters are n't stupid . 
  electoral college is for voting a president .
