   i 'm not banging on about a trade deal that is not a trade deal . . 
  i 'm saying that the uk and eu will initially look at an exit agreement , then move on to a trade agreement , potentially via an interim agreement ... an exit agreement is not a trade deal . 
  and a trade deal is not `` doable and likely in time '' in 2 years , as you claim it to be . 
  make sure you put that into your thick head because there 's millions of you who do n't just get it , despite repeated messages from all sorts of people . 
  so what is this magical `` trade deal but it 's not a trade deal '' specifically you banging on about ? 
  is it an agreement to set tariffs ? 
  set the trade barriers ? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  because that sounds like ... 
  true . 
  not all emperors were defensive , as demonstrated by trajan the great . 
  romans are just pragmatic . 
  they saw the rhine , the danube , and what 's beyond ; then they just shrugged and go home . 
  note : except for dacia , of course , but it 's full of gold . 
  then abandoned it after they exhausted the mines . 
   a trade deal is doable and likely in time . 
  \\  the 2 years the uk and eu have now are to come to an arrangement on exit terms , not to put in place an fta . 
  ah so you 're changing the goal post now, 
  the vietcong/vietmin were the irregular force of north vietnam . 
  they have state support and they have a cohesive organisation ( they all part of the communism state of hanoi ) . 
  these rednecks are nothing but a bunch of army-wannabes . 
  the best thing they can do is a rag-tag militia that will result like the siege of waco . 
  uuuhhh . . okay . 
  if the eu can take power away from the member states , then how come the eu is still the half-ass confederation that we see today ? 
  if the eu can act independently without national oversight , the eu would have been a federation long ago . 
  username checks out !, 
  you know that turkey got millions of refugees too , right ? 
  for the greater good ? 
  not gon na happen . 
  it 's like supporting a polish state in the 19th century . 
  it took all 3 powers ( germany , russia , austria-hungary ) to go to ruin for a polish state to appear . 
  without the commies ? 
  probably ruled by military strong men under a republic , colluding with rural aristocrats . 
  anyone knows which white generals who are pro-monarch ? 
  hard to defend logistically . 
  rome was a mediterranean empire , and northern france and britain can be defended because of the rhone river which made the rhine very accessible . 
  that 's not the case with the elbe . 
  also , germania is very poor . 
  very poor . 
  so poor that cities are n't a thing , unlike the celts who were more advanced and have population centres which made conquest okay for the romans . 
  germania was n't worth expending so much money on . 
  tldr : germania has no to low development , low population , and no attractive resources ( known during that time ) for it to be invaded by rome . 
  i 'm blaming the hungarians !, 
  it lacks `` gorilla welfare '' , but 11/10 would read your shitpost again, 
  money is very nice , but russia is not the city 's main supplier of capital . 
  so it 's not like russians have a monopoly that they have our hands tied up . 
  the uk will remain ( for now ) to have an anti-russian policy because the establishment is still in place , the uk is geopolitically very dependent on the us and the eu , and the people who are targeted for sanctions wo n't probably put their money in the uk anyway . 
  bun judah 's fragile empire covered this nicely on how moscow ( and st petersburg ) is so different to russia . 
  i recommend reading that . 
   niall ferguson reminder : this is the guy that claimed that china is doing well economically because of `` protestant work ethics '' . 
  this guy is a joke . 
   a trade deal is doable and likely in time . 
  sorry , but you 're a dumb ass . 
  how long did ceta took ? 
  not within 2 years , mate . 
  i just re-checked . 
  ceta took 10 years . 
   a lot of cash is buried in the uk - especially england . 
  safe haven since 1991 . 
  that 's why uk has never been that aggressive towards russia after crimea and eastern ukraine . 
  and probably never will . 
  uk foreign policy is still very anti-russian . 
  we are even still pro-sanctions . 
  it still very boring , unlike french foreign policy !, 
  the thing is , we do n't give a damn who we keep the money for . 
  russian billionaires ? 
  big whoop . 
  what would they do if we sanction russia ? 
  hell , they might even like it , some of these fat cats are n't a fan of putin . 
   the very nature of the roman mindset was expansion and power projection , there is no way in hell the romans would close themselves in like the chinese did . 
  wrong . 
  the emperors were already thinking of taking a more defensive posture as early as augustus . 
  but the trend started under domitian and hadrian . 
  the conquest that you see on that map done by trajan was quickly abandoned by hadrian because they are ( correctly ) hard to defend . 
  because you plebs ca n't think for yourself , you see . 
  you need a puppet master who would pull the strings ; otherwise , you just sit at home and watch tv all day . 
  nope . 
  hard boiled brexit means hard boiled brexit . 
  no customs union , from what we have hear from the leadership . 
  it was . 
  german rearmament was serious business that edc was drafted as an alternative to german rearmament and german membership to nato . 
  blah blah blah least denominator blah blah, 
  i am a pessimistic guy who can not see the union at its current form to survive , but mate , this is ridiculous now . 
  ehhh ... still not there . 
  scottish independence is the only realistic one . 
   to be fair , it is not that greece conciously decided to start the debt crisis . 
  they just consciously gradually build it up until it fell apart . 
   should scotland become independent and then wants to rejoin the eu , no one will want a hard border between scotland and england ... that would require , say , a customs union between ruk and the eu , and a possible `` schegen , but not schegen '' agreement . 
  that would n't fare well among the hardline tories currently in power in westminster . 
  which is exactly what i 'm going for . 
  agree to a 2nd indyref , and you have a big say on which date/setting it would occur . 
  completely agree . 
  i could even say that the londoners are more british nationalist than england . 
  when you go outside to england , it 's quite normal to see st. george ' s cross, 
  it is a country made up of 4 distinct national/ethnic identities . 
  the uk was a relic of the old monarchical states that ( so far ) successfully survived the tide of nationalism since the french revolution . 
  in fact , the british identity did n't became widespread until the world wars . 
  ever since i saw the narrow margin of the indyref , i believe the british union is doomed at its current form . 
   theoretically the uk government could deny it , but there 's a distinct possibility it would be held anyway on a non binding basis but that would be politically damaging to the tory party and the uk government as an institution , even if non-binding . 
  if i 'm may , i 'd setup an agreement with sturgeon with a 2nd indyref if snp is totally going for it .
