  the council of ministers or the european council ( pick one , i favour the first as heads of government have enough to do and can influence the com anyway ) , which are controlled by national governments of each eu country , gather to consider and propose and vote on legislation . 
  once it passes the council , it needs to be ratified by each national parliament before it becomes eu law . 
  if it is not ratified by a parliament , it does not become eu law , although each parliament can still implement it in their own country if they wish to do that . 
  this would make sense in some cases ( it 's not a law , but think of the recent motion against human trafficking ) , and not in others ( say , common fisheries policy ) . 
  if not passed , it can either be referred back to the council for review and re-ratification or it can be abandoned . 
  this way , you get your eurozone federalized state with a wider sphere of influence which does not compromise national sovereignty . 
  it also unifies the currency and political unions while separating them from the common market . 
  how does it sound ? 
  it 's the only workable solution for the eurozone ^ ( * ) , because you ca n't have a currency union without a political one . 
  really , you should have a political one first ( how long after establishment of the usa did it have a single currency ? ) . 
  the thing is , the eu is the political union and the eurozone is the currency union . 
  why are they still treated as the same thing ? 
  this is the main source of friction , i think . 
  because while a common market does need rules , it needs much fewer rules than a currency union does to work properly . 
  ^ ( * ) edit : apart from breaking it up , i mean . 
  as someone who grew up in spain , it would be my preferred solution . 
  nothing wrong with the peseta . 
   the european parliament , which represents the accumulated democratic will of the european peoples . 
  does it , though ? 
  really it 's junior politicians who did n't get a seat in their national parliaments , who soaked up votes not because of any eu-wide platform that they campaigned on , but because of national swings and national political contexts . 
  juncker and the epp are totally irrelevant to the vote in favour of parties that happen to be members of the epp . 
  it 's a total farce . 
  almost right . 
  we want to make it more democratic , but we disagree on how that should be achieved . 
  `` the uk '' ( speaking loosely ) has a democratic model of national parliaments in mind , whereas `` the eu '' takes democratization to mean centralization . 
   it 's very close to being the same process to how prime ministers are usually chosen . 
  [ ... ] you would n't call that process undemocratic would you ? 
  in theory it 's not , but there is supposed to be a chain . 
  prime ministers * are * personally elected in a similar way to presidents in practice , and they * do * derive personal legitimacy from that . 
  at least , that 's my view . 
  now , i 've not come here straight from ukip advocating direct democracy and referenda every five minutes - that 's too far in the opposite direction , but i * do * think that a prime minister who was selected by his parliament but did n't seek approval from the public is not * as * legitimate as a prime minister who did . 
  if there 's a long standing tradition of prime ministers being personally selected by the party then it 's fine if gordon brown comes along every once in a while , he 's still the pm ( although it would be better to call an election at that point ) . 
  i reject the prospect of the first one doing it , particularly against a backdrop of an election notable for the rise of eurosceptic parties . 
   i 'd say certainly . 
  i 'll defer to your knowledge in this , then . 
  but the epp and the socialist groups could get together and campaign for the principle of choosing their own candidates , in a bid to force the european council to a decision , or otherwise engage public opinion to persuade it . 
  doing nothing and just fighting it out politician-to-politician without engaging the public , * precisely when they claim to derive legitimacy from that same public * , is not the way i would build * my * federal europe . 
   also even with those many national parliaments are suffering from the same lack of engagement the eu parliament suffers from . 
  absolutely , it 's a problem politicians everywhere face . 
  they need to engage the public , the public is n't going to come to them when the public is n't even fully aware of their existence and importance . 
  which brings me to the next point :  they had i think 4 or 5 debates but they did n't get advertised much in the media . 
  so it 's not like they did n't try at all . 
  well this could be me in my own uk bubble , but i 'd never heard of any of the broadcasters . 
  if we can have eurovision , we can have proper televised debates . 
  the epp and the socialists should push for it , and push for it loudly . 
  similarly to how in the last election here in the uk the media pushed the parties for televised debates . 
  it 's how democracies do things , what we got was an obscure debate about an obscure position on an obscure online channel . 
  and it was n't even interesting ? 
  no way does it count as engagement . 
   they announced their plans before the election and then had the election and the parties in favour of their plan maintained control well , they ticked all the boxes so they can tell the people that they should have been paying closer attention . 
  i do n't think that 's a fair and democratic way to engage the public . 
   representative democracy is not rule by opinion poll and focus group . 
  no , but my point is it would pressure the european council into accepting the proposed convention that the parliament chooses the president . 
  right now it 's a group of people who soak up votes from an election that is n't taken seriously , claiming to be the legitimate representatives of the people , telling this to the * heads of national government * ? 
  against a backdrop of the rise of eurosceptic parties , it 's not a convincing argument that it 's the right thing to do . 
   i see no difference between how they 're approaching things and how national parties are approaching things it 's not massively , i think europe is a worse case but it 's basically the same . 
  it 's a reason not to set up another layer of it , though , and dilute what little political talent there is . 
   low expectations it 's a good point . 
  politics needs a leader . 
  either in europe or a national government . 
  someone who can really speak to the people and their party , and the other parties , and bring them on side , command their respect . 
  someone who 's a real statesman . 
  we 've had them in the past , but the closest thing we have to that today is nigel farage . 
  god save us all . 
  politicians can engage with people without the media , though . 
  there 's enough power between the epp and the socialists to make that happen , if they * really * want a democratic , federal europe . 
  what they 're doing is to try and build a superpower from the top , up . 
  it 's not how nations are built . 
  for too long has it been seen as the media 's job to dictate the national ( international ? ), 
  conversation . 
  if they want to forge a new , federal europe and have an elected head of government along with that , they need to be able to command the public 's attention . 
  once they have it , the media will follow . 
  that 's what proper , nation-building politicians do . 
  as to the farage article , he was already quite well established by 2013 . 
  murdoch showed an interest in him because he and his party could be going places ( a prospect i 'm not so enthusiastic about , by the way ) . 
  and it 's not just murdoch ( in fact , i think the times is quite anti-ukip , i 'm not sure about the sun 's position on him , they mostly like taunting the labour leader ) , the bbc has been criticized for giving ukip a disproportionate amount of coverage recently , because his party has a lot of support . 
  because he 's engaging * people * , and the media has followed . 
  i do n't think farage is a statesman , and he does n't have my vote . 
  but he 's certainly a politician . 
   it has simply chosen not to . 
  i do n't see why that means they should give up on it and carry on regardless . 
  a proper politician does n't do that . 
   he 's a media tycoon that owns 3 channels and other stuff that he pretty much got national tv channel status for in 1990 . 
  fair enough , i see what you mean now . 
  well , a proper politician is n't just in the media because he owns it . 
  farage and grillo do n't own a media network . 
   you 're confusing me here . 
  it 's not a proper parliament now and the politicians are not proper politicians politicians engage the population , they lead public opinion and they gain support based on their ideas and appeal . 
  right now , european parliament elections are a way for the population to take advantage of a `` joke election '' to stick their fingers up at the political class of their respective countries . 
  i believe it is up to those who are being elected to fix this , and then we can talk about what sort of mandate emerges . 
  right now , it 's a very passive mandate which is trumped by the heads of state and government , who did actually engage the public . 
   and how exactly ? 
  what do you want the eu to do ? 
  spout some they are `` terking yer jerbs '' lines ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're suggesting with the second bit , but to be clear i 'm not some racist shill from ukip . 
  i think the president is ultimately a position which should be elected , but there are certain prerequisites before i can consider him to actually meet the definition of the term `` elected '' - it 's about more than just votes . 
   and how exactly ? 
  a starting point could be to launch a europe-wide campaign for the spitzencandidaten process , instead of just wrestling with the european council to the exclusion of the people of europe . 
  it 's already seen as distant , why give up the opportunity to engage on a major constitutional change ? 
  that 's what i mean by not `` proper politicians '' .
