  the same way i might be critical of our own government in london , but that does n't make me critical of the british people or britain . 
  we 're not looking at mainland europe as an adversary , we just want to be friends , not family . 
  it 's about not being in political union because we do n't want that and we 've been a bit mislead by our own politicians telling us that was n't what we were signing up for ... but apparently you guys do . 
  great !, 
  everybody wins . 
  it would be sad to leave the eu , but i do n't think there 's any other way . 
  same way i 'll be sad to see scotland leave the uk , but if that 's what they want to do we 'll just have one more friend in europe . 
   there 's only so much you can do with media that just are n't interested in reporting the story , for whatever reason that may be . 
  i do n't think the solution is to push forward anyway and claim democratic mandates that do n't exist . 
  or at the very least , one that 's too weak to put him in the position of power that he now ( effectively ) has . 
  particularly when he 's likely to push for more conventional powers to be passed to him because of his supposed democratic mandate ... you can see why it makes me uncomfortable , even if you do n't agree ? 
  we definitely have an out of date mental model of the eu , at least in the uk . 
  we 've always approached it as a common market when it 's always been much more than that . 
  we should have been having this debate years ago , and i think at that point we would have left if we had been properly informed about the nature of the eu . 
  not that there 's something inherently sinister about the concept of federalization ( although as i 've said , the way they 're going about it makes me want to be part of it even less ) , i just do n't think the british public would want to be part of a federal eu regardless of how good or bad an idea it is . 
  the same way , it might be in scotland 's economic and political interest to remain in the uk , but if scotland no longer identifies with the rest of the uk and sees itself as a separate people who want control of their own destiny - they should get that despite economics and politics . 
  as to brown , i think there 's a couple of differences here , but i do think that he should have called an election . 
  brown did n't come into office claiming to have the popular vote behind him when a majority did n't know who he was . 
  he also was n't the first ever prime minister to claim to carry a democratic mandate . 
  but i do think that in the 21st century we do conventionally elect parties based on the leadership , and brown was a less legitimate pm than blair was . 
  i say that even though i basically liked him . 
   the transfer of power happened when the treaty of lisbon came in to force . 
  [ ... ] it 's just poor information from the sources we have in the uk . 
  we would have left ages ago , but the political elite wanted to keep us in the dark about the direction the eu is heading in , because they wanted to keep the supposed economic benefits of membership of the eu without having the necessary constitutional debate . 
  the * whole thing * is a mess , everybody has behaved appallingly , from our own parliament to the european one . 
  we probably are . 
  but we want more . 
  is that unfair ? 
  it almost certainly is . 
  the solution is for us to leave , but stay friends . 
   whenever you have an union of any kind you 'll be able to pinpoint instances where someone was n't listened to . 
  unless there 's someone who gets to dictate all the shots . 
  sure . 
  but given london 's status as a financial services centre , and that the eu only seemed to want to cap bonuses based on the support of people who do n't know anything about banks ( de bankers de bonuses ) , you can see why it was , at the very least , disappointing to see . 
  i did n't pick an arbitrary instance where the uk did n't get what it wants , i picked it because financial services are central to the uk economy , and osborne 's concerns were brushed aside . 
   i hope you realise one of the reasons why many people back federalism and a more democratic eu , is precisely because otherwise it 'll be mostly about policies imposed by and in the interest of germany , france and the uk , while everyone else just gets to follow . 
  of course . 
  but we are under no obligation to stay if it 's not in our interest to . 
  it 's probably not in the interest of the rest of the eu too - get rid of the countries that do n't support federalism and build a federation . 
  everybody 's happy , as long as the federalist argument does n't depend on being bankrolled by the countries that just left . 
   i can agree with that , as i 'm curious as to whether you think the blame for not knowing what is on the table lies at the eu level or domestically . 
  with regards to a two-speed europe ? 
  cameron set the deadline at 2017 and , assuming he 's genuine in what he says , his renegotiation is set around the idea of a two-speed europe . 
  however , if everyone starts talking to the media about what they want to put on the table and what they 're willing to give away and not give away , it throws a spanner in the negotiations themselves ... 
  so , both , i suppose . 
  but i do n't think it 's wrong that at this point we do n't know what 's on the table . 
  as long as something is worked out by the time a referendum comes . 
  it was the clegg debate that turned me to scepticism of the eu . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not a card-carrying member of ukip ( ukip have a lot to be desired before i could support them as a party - for example i do n't care anywhere near as much about immigration , the wider issue of europe and the uk 's place in or out of it is more important regardless ) . 
  but i was expecting clegg to make the first real case i had ever heard in favour of the eu , given that status-quo arguments do n't tend to get as much coverage in the media - again , it 's not as interesting . 
  but instead what i got from him was a bunch of logical fallacies and fearmongering . 
  it was a * huge * disappointment , and i still have n't seen credible pro-staying in the eu ( esp . 
  bearing in mind its direction ) arguments that would appeal to a uk audience , only vagueries and things that do n't actually make sense . 
  for example , when he claimed that you need to be in political union with a country to trade with it , or when he claimed not being in political union with a country was akin to being isolated from it . 
   there i have no disagreement , but it was the first time the process was used . 
  if the same process is used in 2019 i 'm sure it will be better in many ways as everybody will be on the same page as to exactly what it means . 
  i think so too . 
  but i also think that we should have all been on the same page beforehand . 
  and while they did make a token effort , i really do n't think they did enough to put in the minds of the european people what the election meant , considering how it represented a significant transfer of power from the european council to the parliament . 
  i do n't oppose the process in principle , but it 's been done backwards . 
  it seems like a big deal to me , but others on this board seem to have a more casual approach . 
   the european parliament is trusted much more than national parliaments across the eu this i do n't doubt . 
  certainly when i lived in spain the ep was held in * much * higher regard than the congress . 
  but it also received much less press coverage , has less direct influence on the spanish peoples ' lives , and is n't able to tax them . 
  change these , and it 'll be just as vilified as any other parliament in the world ... 
  sorry , i 'm not sure how it addresses the point of ep votes being throwaways ? 
   however , the political parties did try and broadcast the spitzenkandidaten process they might have tried , but it did n't reach the majority of people in the same way the leadership debates in 2010 did here in the uk ( for example ) . 
  we can assign blame to whoever for that - we probably wo n't end up agreeing - but i do n't think it takes away from the point that however much they might have tried , the voters did n't vote for juncker , they voted for the cdu , cpp , the spanish pp , etc. . . so juncker does not at the very least , have the mandate he claims to have . 
  i do n't think it 's reasonable to deny . 
   the system could n't work any other way indeed it could n't , but we should n't be pretending people have democratic mandates which they only have if you do n't look very closely at them . 
  i do n't think it 's healthy . 
  certainly , it 's not an excuse . 
  i was n't trying to excuse it - my point is they should pick whether they are federalists or eurosceptics , because at this point i think it 's fairly clear that we have to either go our separate ways or join our new european friends in political union . 
  a two speed europe is an alternative , but we still need to see what 's on the table . 
  more information is always a good thing . 
  i always support more information !, 
  but i think it 's the politicians ' fault - eu and uk - for not providing it . 
  nick clegg tried ... 
  the media could probably do a better job , too . 
  can i meet you halfway and say it 's the fault of major parties and political leaders and the media that juncker is not as legitimate as he claims to be ? 
  i would also say that national political leaders do n't really want to talk about europe because they know it 's heading towards a federal model ( `` ever closer union '' ... ) but they want to keep the best of both worlds of the supposed economic benefits of membership while avoiding the issue of political union , because they know it wo n't go down well with the public ? 
  having said that , political campaigning is organized and funded by national parties , is n't it ? 
  at least in the uk , the national parties do n't really want to push federalist candidates that the wider groups ( alde and s&d in our case , i suppose ) propose . 
  labour was lukewarm to schulz at best , even advising he does n't come to the uk . 
  while i 'm not massively enthusiastic about the eu ( but i 'm also not ukip ) and its direction , i think the ambiguous halfway ground we 're in at the moment is worse than both alternatives ( `` more '' and `` less '' europe ) . 
  either national parties should have to contribute some funding to their european groups so they can campaign on their own platform similarly to how the eu has its own institutions separate from the member states , so they can properly push their candidates ( * but this must come before supposedly democratically elected presidents !, 
  * ) , or they should be more open about the realities of the eu and where it is going . 
  could be i 'm wrong here , but it reminds me of the euro . 
  that was introduced before it should have been ( you ca n't have currency union without a proper political union , many claim ) , and this spitzenkandidaten process was introduced before its time too . 
  we need proper presidential races to have proper elected presidents - why do it in this order ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand your first point - is that more pro-eu than he lets on ? 
  that sounds like exactly what he lets on to me . 
  maybe you have a point about the media , but i really do n't think they 're entirely to blame . 
  regardless , do you disagree that * if * the people have n't heard of the candidates , that those candidates then lack the mandate they claim to have to be the president ? 
  i thought you meant the council of ministers ( i think it 's just called council now ? ) . 
  i do n't think laws have to go through the european council , that 's the heads of government ? 
  while i am aware of the spitzenkandidat process , i think it could have been severely improved . 
  it seems to be democratic in theory , if you assume that the european parliament is treated in the same way in the minds of the public as national parliaments are . 
  unfortunately for federalists , it is largely seen as a throwaway vote where people decide to stick two fingers ( or on the continent , one finger ) to their government . 
  i do n't believe that the people who voted for epp parties had juncker in mind .
