  they might have had the leader of their national epp-member party in mind , but a minority had juncker in mind . 
  probably disproportionately many people had their spitzenkandidat in mind on this board , but i 'm also not convinced this board is representative of every european voter . 
  the personal mandate of the prime minister * is * derived from the popular vote , it 's just a technicality - the system works best this way in practice - that it 's really the support of mps that they need . 
  i do n't believe that juncker has that mandate , so i think it 's wrong for him to be the president based on his supposed one . 
  an elected president would be a good thing in principle just ... not like this . 
  cameron has n't covered himself in glory with how he dealt with juncker , on this we can agree . 
  i think he is secretly much more eurosceptic than he lets on , and is deliberately acting the fool because he does n't actually want to get any sort of renegotiation done , he just wants to get out but not be seen to want to , because his friends in yellow wo n't like that . 
  nothing else about the way he 's been acting makes sense to me . 
  the media could report more on eu politics , but the media reports on what 's interesting . 
  i think that if a politician wants to receive media coverage , he should go and seize it . 
  that means more than just holding debates in a poorly lit room on an obscure youtube channel ... 
  i think the eu 's politicians could be doing a better job in this respect . 
  i do n't see what federations have to do with it . 
  neither the uk nor the eu is a federation . 
  the eu wants to become a federation - but it is n't one yet . 
  one is a state consisting of constituent nations some of which have some devolved powers and the other is a grouping of nations which is kind of ambiguous as to its nature or purpose , but is n't a federation . 
  the uk is n't a supranational body composed of member states in the way the eu still is . 
  i know it 's made of england , scotland , wales and n. ireland , but it 's not comparable to a grouping of nominally independent member states . 
  if the eu wants to act like it 's its own country , it needs to establish itself as such first . 
  that way the countries that do n't want to be in a united states of europe can leave or ( looking at your flair ) , split up and the parts that want to stay can do so . 
  i do n't think it 's quite right to compare the selection of the uk 's head of government to the selection of the eu 's . 
  we do n't really feel listened to when it comes to things that matter to us . 
  take osborne trying to stop capping bonuses because he sees it as making london less competitive than south east asia , particularly when the financial services market is one of the easiest ones to move around the globe . 
  whether you agree with osborne or not is not the point , the concerns of the british government were not listened to . 
  cameron 's concerns were totally ignored over juncker . 
  it 's not that he did n't get his way - he was ignored . 
  the one where we got a president forced through for the first time without unanimity in the council because of a false mandate ? 
  i try to forget . 
  we have votes , but we tend to be in a minority on anything that matters . 
  how did osborne do with protecting the interests of the city of london , say ? 
  if there was strong support nevertheless for staying in the eu , this would all be fine . 
  but just like how scotland feels under-represented in westminster despite having mps , because the politics in scotland and in ( since this is where the main difference is with ) england raise a question of incompatibility . 
  i just picked an off the cuff term to describe the superior/subordinate nature of our relationship ( and other countries ' , though they seem happier to accept it , so fine ) with the eu . 
  apparently the term vassal state is primarily about military assistance ... it 's not what i had in mind , though you could probably stretch the rhetoric in that direction , i wo n't bother . 
  i was just trying to make a rhetorical point . 
  if we are in the situation where we have a relationship with europe such that we are bound by their laws but do n't get to influence them , nothing has effectively changed and we are still better off out than in a two-speed europe . 
  a two-speed europe can work in principle , but we 'll see what van rompuy has in mind , it wo n't necessarily be much of an improvement . 
  first we 'll see what the nature of this two speed europe is . 
  if we continue as a vassal state to the eu , i 'd still rather be out . 
  edit : guys . 
  every one of my posts in this thread has a score of zero or below right now . 
  if you 're downvoting because you disagree with something i 've said , please bear in mind this is against reddiquette . 
  just tell me why you disagree , or upvote the people who did reply who said what you were going to , but there 's no need to turn this place into an echo chamber . 
  / r/europe has historically been alright about being an echo chamber , so far ... 
  i do n't think my posts have been destructive to the debate or flow of the thread . 
  yeah , i just got back from spain . 
  lovely there . 
  no dire consequences of having the euro at all . 
  i was quite surprised . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is in this post . 
  please explain ? 
  well , the easiest way to do it would be to do it with scotland first , and then take the same approach with catalonia and probably other regions as and when they want to secede . 
  i 'm not suggesting we build up a whole new process first , we 'd just use what we did with scotland as a model . 
  as to spain ... it 'd make rajoy ( or whoever at the time ) look quite silly on the international stage as it would be totally obvious what his motivations are . 
  i know spanish politicians are like children ( i grew up in spain ) , but , * really * ? 
  i do accept that it 's not something anyone knows for sure . 
  it is a risk that the scottish people would take , but independence is inherently a risk . 
  while we should n't be guaranteeing the scottish people uninterrupted membership of the eu , i do n't think it 's entirely honest to guarantee it would be interrupted either . 
  the nuclear issue is an important one . 
  while i do n't live in scotland , i hope we can find somewhere else to put those , it would n't be right to house weapons of mass destruction in someone else 's territory like that , consent or not . 
  i do n't think it 's wishful thinking . 
  the eu works on agreements , but agreements can be made in real time . 
  we make a special process for states which break off from the mother state , since i think we need one . 
  as you rightly point out , the same thing will happen in catalonia . 
  as we move into a closer union in a federalist fashion ( with or without the uk ; separate issue ) , probably more regions will want to become their own states within the theoretical use . 
  so we need to come up with some sort of special process for the transition to be smooth . 
  i think the european elite recognize that . 
  i agree there 's political will to make the transition smooth - that 's the single most important driving force behind a political action : the will to do it . 
  treaties and agreements only influence that will . 
  if nobody around the negotiating table thinks it 's preferable to have scotland leave the eu entirely and join again in a few years time , there 's no way it 's going to happen , no matter how many words were written on paper years ago . 
  you make a good point about making sure an independent scotland meets the requirements . 
  personally , i find it very unlikely that an independent scotland could ever be less financially eligible to join the eu than some of the recent ascendants . 
  i do n't mean that as a slight , there 's no denying scotland is in itself much wealthier than much of eastern europe . 
  but it does need to be formally established , you 're right . 
  because of that , there could be some sort of trial-membership that takes place on independence day , to be reviewed every year for five years . 
  that 's just an example of course . 
  i do n't know , but i do n't believe that something could n't be worked out . 
  it 's a technicality , really there 's no precedent for this , and europe and scotland are run by real people who can make real person decisions . 
  reasonable people bind books ; we are n't bound * by * them . 
  it 's not in anybody 's interest for scotland to be out of the eu for a short period . 
  what about eu member state citizens in scottish universities , hospitals ; those living in scotland ? 
  i really do find it very unlikely they 'll fuck those people over for the sake of following a relatively unestablished and badly thought out protocol . 
  the received wisdom from above says that they would have to reapply as those are the rules in theory . 
  also that they 'd have to join the euro . 
  common sense dictates that they would not have to leave in the first place , as that 's in nobody 's interests . 
  they would also most likely keep the pound . 
  bit sensationalist . 
  there is little reason to believe anything in the post you 're replying to is true . 
  because the uk is the successor state . 
  unless it 's willing to give up its p5 seat , nuclear weapons and all the other benefits to being the uk , it wo n't make scotland the successor state just so it can stay in the eu , when it probably wo n't have to leave the eu in the first place . 
  but ... then you 're not ... paying ... to go ... 
  do n't confuse etymology with semantics . 
  is the scottish independence vote not likely to have an effect on the uk independence vote ? 
   you know , i did go to the election knowing that i was going to also elect the next cp . 
  many did , but a definite minority . 
  too few people to give juncker the mandate he claims to have . 
   turning back now would just be a shitty thing to do when they could have done it all the way before the election . 
  while i broadly support cameron over this last week ( on this particular issue ; i do n't in general ) , he definitely should have spoken about this sooner . 
  if i were him , it 's what i would have done . 
   unfortunately , since he did n't i think the second best option is to oppose him after the fact .
