  he asked where it is not where it will be . 
  in what way is this anything other than speculation ? 
  why does denmark need the eu so much ? 
  yeah , the uk is n't going to give up control of its military to the eu just like that . 
  i 'm not sure france is either . 
   the topic of this thread is that the taxes are 75 % , not how greece got into dire economic situation . 
  the latter is hardly off-topic though . 
  why is greece so pro-eu ? 
  conventional wisdom would suggest at least a sizeable portion would want to get the hell out of it and its currency union . 
  i understand now . 
  you make a good case . 
  it 's a shame you got downvoted , but i think this sort of thing needs more in-depth explanation . 
  you ' might have at least have got a positive score if you had explained that in your op , rather than opening with negativity and responding to negativity with more of it . 
  but who knows . 
  it could be larger , i suppose . 
  its presentation in the article does suggest the author wants you to just see a negative sloped line which means more trade union members = less inequality . 
  but you seemed to have a problem with the actual graph , not its presentation ? 
  how does no source cited ( although i understand you missed the source ; in fairness it was n't prominently shown ) constitute an appeal to authority ? 
  i do n't particularly disagree with your op ( at least it 's not why i 'm here ) , but of all the problems in the article i would n't have singled out the graph . 
  italy , the world 's third most sarcastic economy . 
  what 's wrong with the graph ? 
  it 's not about the principle of transatlantic trade deals , it 's about this particular one not really meeting expectations . 
  it 's also unclear which arrowheads correspond to which arrows . 
  also , no russia ? 
  same with the europe-wide dna database too . 
  the point is to show existing ones . 
  tthe non-existing ones are just a bonus . 
  ` `  solid lines represent existing links as of today . 
  dashed lines represent links that should probably be there , but are n't . 
  why no dashed lines ? 
  i guess reddit is europe 's . 
  no , but see it from russia 's point of view . 
  at the end of the cold war , there was an understanding that nato would not expand eastwards . 
  while nato and the eu are n't the same thing , it 's more of a technical difference than a substantial one - i know if i was russian how this association agreement with ukraine , which is supposedly like scotland to russia 's england ( or so i hear ? ), 
  would look . 
  the eu did n't annex crimea , but i think it 's fair to say it has been acting provocatively . 
  does that make russia 's actions justified ? 
  almost certainly not . 
  should ukraine itself be able to choose whether it associates more with the countries to its east or its west ? 
  of course it should . 
  it does n't change how things look to russia , unjustifiable though its actions may be . 
  but we hate eurosceptics and we hate russia !, 
  they * must * be working together against our glorious european dream !, 
  what does it have to do with loving your continent ? 
  euroscepticism does not imply any lack of love for europe . 
  differentiate europe and its people and history from the political union that some of its states are in . 
  edit : i do n't think the economics of membership are so important either , i just mention that it 's irrelevant how large a proportion of trade happens with the eu today because you brought it up ... do n't then say it 's not important when you 're put right by an argument you claim to have seen before !, 
  where do you get that it would be a betrayal , from ? 
  not really relevant - leaving the eu does n't preclude trading with it , and you 're suggesting it 's our largest trading partner for reasons other than because membership of the eu forces it to be . 
  if the eu makes your trade deals for you and wo n't allow you to therefore , it 's only natural that we end up trading mostly with our protectionist neighbours . 
  having left , trade with the eu would likely not decrease . 
  it might no longer be the largest customer though , because it wo n't be using its rules to force itself to be . 
  guess i might be wrong , then . 
  but you have to admit , it sure looks like we did nothing and they got away with it . 
  maybe i do n't mean it literally . 
  what i mean is , russia knew we would let them get away with it . 
  that we would just watch and hold some committee meetings . 
  i do n't think that 's a fair assessment . 
  there is a realistic prospect of the uk leaving the eu in the next few years and farage and his party have to be given credit for having had something to do with that . 
  given that the same amount of money would be paid to ukip meps as to the same number of meps from another party , the cost of ukip to the taxpayer is not relevant - we would be spending that anyway . 
  it wo n't keep them elected indefinitely . 
  though they 'll probably still stick around after we leave the eu - in which case you will have a point if they have n't found another way to justify their existence - who knows , maybe they will ... until that point i do n't think it 's fair to say that . 
  i 'm not sure in what way he 's trying to say federalism is n't what we 've been told it is ... a federal europe would surely be more centralized than a europe of nation states . 
  even if it 's not a particularly centralized model in absolute terms , it 's still more centralized than today . 
  i do n't think anybody is under the impression federalization means a europe structured like the uk . 
  definitely a minority on this board . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  it 's irrelevant though , people should n't be downvoted based on opinion , but on quality of points made . 
  a federal europe would necessarily be more centralized than a europe of nation states . 
  while a federal model is not centralized in absolute terms , relative to the reality of the day federalization does imply centralization . 
  the crimean annexation probably would n't have happened if it had n't been so clear that we would do absolutely nothing . 
   on the bright side maybe we 'll hear a bit less about how the evil eu wants to cook uk tonight from beyond the english channel / s surely no one in europe wants to cook british food . 
  we do n't want your facts here . 
  it 's one of the many problems the ep and wider eu has with understanding how democracy is supposed to work . 
  quite worrying ... 
   the only alternative would have been for the council to nominate somebody who definitely does n't have a mandate . 
  i think it 's better to have someone who does n't have a mandate and does n't pretend to , than to have someone who does n't have a mandate but does pretend to . 
  the heads of government are at least ( in effect ) elected themselves and have more of a mandate to transfer than the ep has , in my view , because people take the elections that gives the heads of government their power more seriously than the ones that give meps their power . 
   that ca n't happen , though . 
  what i meant by `` conventional powers '' were ones like the power of selection being conventionally transferred from the council to the parliament . 
  i do n't have specifics , but i can imagine that if there 's anything the council can do that juncker ca n't ( outside of treaties ) , he 'll get them to do it on his behalf . 
  the same way the ep has legislative initiative conventionally , because the commission will put forward legislation if the parliament asks them to . 
  i was n't talking about treaty changes . 
   i agree that we should have had the debate sooner . 
  but i disagree that we would have left . 
  fair enough . 
  maybe we would n't have . 
   but a referendum would be fought today on the principle of federalism , whereas the eu has traditionally been seen as an economic entity in the uk . 
  i do n't think federalism has as much support in the uk as the common market did . 
  but hey , maybe i 'm wrong . 
  we 'll just have to see !, 
  i think i broadly agree with the rest of the post . 
  there 's definitely a toxic portion of the eurosceptic movement and they do n't always make the most wholesome arguments themselves ( i cringe when farage talks about 28 million people coming for your job ) . 
  we 'd be in a much better place with more information ( i 'm sure you 'll agree , this principle applies everywhere in politics ) , and politicians from everywhere have behaved badly ( this one does too ) . 
  i do n't know if we 'd have less euroscepticism . 
  probably some eurosceptics would n't be eurosceptics and some people who are n't eurosceptics would be . 
  how many of each ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i hope my posts have n't given the wrong impression . 
  i am critical of the eu and its institutions , but do n't think that means i have some sort of problem with our european friends .
