   maybe the national governments can put some focus on it but that clearly would n't have been in cameron 's interest imo . 
  not in the interest of any euroskeptic to campaign on a pro-federalist issue . 
  parties like the conservatives would campaign against the spitzencandidaten process , with their own points against . 
   and that all of a sudden makes it `` democratic '' in belgium but not in the uk ? 
  berlusconi must have been the most democratic leader in ages in italy . 
  well , arguably . 
  i mean , he lasted a long time , did n't he ? 
  i 'm not sure i get your meaning , though . 
  what i mean is that europe is more or less based in brussels ( with some other buildings not in belgium ) . 
  belgium 's also quite a small country . 
  eu affairs probably do take up a larger amount of air-time , there 's probably more interest . 
  but i 'm saying that it 's up to the politicians to engage the public , * then * they can claim to have a mandate . 
  right now meps just exist to soak up votes from a joke election . 
  it needs to change . 
   might sound nitpicky but i think you mean to use the word undemocratic rather than anti-democratic ? 
  in other words , an absence of democracy rather than something that attempts to take away democracy . 
  er , maybe . 
  i chose anti-democratic because i see it as an attempt to disguise an undemocratic process as a democratic one , and use its supposed democratic status to justify a grab for power . 
   but a big part of the trouble is much of what the eu parliament does is distant from the people is it ? 
  i 'm sure plenty of it is , plenty of stuff that goes on in national parliaments is distant from people and boring . 
  more so in the european parliament ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  maybe . 
  there 's still the ability of the candidates to sell themselves to the people - explain why they are the most credible and trustworthy and competent person to be the president of the european commission . 
   that 's not to say i disagree that they need to engage more , they should also be running more under their european grouping not their national party and that should be fairly fixed what grouping they 're in before the election not after . 
  i think the european groupings system is absurd . 
  there should be political groups , of course , but they should n't be something formally arranged with the parliament . 
  they should be an arrangement that exists entirely between the parties . 
  there should n't be some weird incentive system to get together ( ie more staff - why not just have it proportional to number of meps ? ), 
  and there should n't be strange requirements like at least x parties from at least y countries . 
  that 'd make it easier to have them arranged and on the ticket . 
   i think they did n't have a choice . 
  the national governments did n't confirm or reject their idea and as you pointed out the national parties control the election campaigns . 
  it 's a good point . 
   there is a problem there but pushing ahead with their plan is the best course of action . 
  i think establishing popular support for the principle of an elected president is the first course of action . 
  i think they did n't do that , because they know that that 's a step towards federalism and federalism is n't as widely supported in real life as it is in the parliament . 
  but with that support , there 's not much the european council can do to stop them pushing their candidate . 
   if they gave in to the council then next election they 'd be back at square one . 
  i think they need to go back to square one and re-think the way they 're doing things . 
  i think they 're approaching this whole thing wrong , with an idea of the people as an inconvenience that needs to be overcome , rather than a body of real people that need to be engaged and consulted . 
  i 'm not against a federal europe in principle - but i definitely do n't like this dishonest , disengaged europe which treats its people with contempt . 
  in my other post i go into more detail of what i mean . 
  basically , i consider that if a group of politicians want to make a grab for power , in a democracy their first point of engagement should be with the people . 
  that means putting out their message and making the press want to cover them . 
  then you can claim to have a mandate . 
  right now , juncker 's mandate is inherited from the national parties and political contexts of the individual member states . 
  it 's not good enough for a position so powerful . 
  better to keep them appointed by the european council until the parliament can grow into a proper parliament with proper politicians . 
  it 's not surprising that eu affairs get covered more in belgium . 
  it 's anti-democratic because they 're trying to push their candidate for potc based on his supposed personal support by the people , when he was n't given that support . 
  the problem with democracy in the eu is that it 's not taken seriously . 
  to fix this , the european political class needs to engage the people directly , instead of leaving it to national parties who , surprise surprise , campaign on national ( and sometimes even local or single-issue ) platforms . 
  * then * we can talk about the spitzencandidate as having a mandate , but not before . 
  the antidemocratic part is carrying on regardless , as if it 's votes and technicalities that matter , rather than engageing the people and taking them with you . 
  the eu has a reputation , deserved or not , for being distant from the people it purports to represent . 
  it might be the right idea , therefore , to have a candidate chosen by ( rather than simply approved by ) the parliament , but it 's the wrong way to go about it . 
  it 's surely up to these politicians to engage the press and the public themselves . 
  it 's not a good way for an emerging power to start . 
  but it was entirely expected for ` the media ' to take this attitude - it 's this anti-democratic attitude disguised as democracy that makes the eu so easy to criticize . 
  debatable if people voted for junker . 
  i know very few people in the uk who voted labour had even heard of schulz . 
  the european elections are votes in reaction to national governments , they ca n't be seem as giving any one unknown individual democratic legitimacy , just because he 's the king of the unknowns . 
  words are wind , there 's no precedent and it 's in nobody 's interest . 
  well , they are public . 
  just like privately owned public transport is n't called private transport . 
  you just have to pay . 
  it 's a play on my username . 
   they must have something on tusk i sure hope they do n't !, 
  oh , so not the video itself ? 
  cool , thanks . 
  what about it made you ashamed ? 
  genuine question . 
  like it or not , certain countries have found themselves , due to the actions of their ancestors , in a position of being `` the world 's police '' . 
  in a globalized and dangerous world , it 's an unpleasant necessity that 's very easy to criticize by people who could never dream of taking such tough decisions as those at the top of a country like the usa . 
  to leave this position , as obama has shown with his pathetic leadership throughout the crises of the past year or more , is to create a power vacuum which much worse powers are only too happy to fill . 
  you want the usa to stop protecting the rest of the developed world ? 
  it 's the only worse situation than it continuing to do so , unfortunately . 
  * for * now . 
  arguably , europe started rekindling the embers first , then putin came and kicked them in its face . 
  that 's extra pay . 
  so slightly less evil than she was in life . 
  liverpool here , manchester is the epitome of northern . 
  at the end of the cold war , was n't there an understanding that nato would n't expand eastwards ? 
  i know the eu and nato are n't * exactly * the same thing , but i know how it 'd look to me , if i were russia . 
  what 's your definition of a radical ? 
  [dictionary.reference.com ] ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/radical ) says this :  ` 10 ` . 
  a person who advocates fundamental political , economic , and social reforms by direct and often uncompromising methods . 
  i 'd consider marxism-leninism to meet that definition . 
  it does n't necessarily bring with them connotations associated with radicals ( are radicals always violent , say ? 
  ) , however ... 
  how does the parliament choosing the commission president bring us closer to a federal europe ? 
  other than that juncker is a federalist , i mean . 
   implying what matters is how big you are . 
  guillotine ? 
   implying exile has one meaning . 
  http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/exile  prolonged separation from one 's country or home , as by force of circumstances : wartime exile . 
  i consider force of circumstances such as economic ones to be valid use of the word . 
  this is also pedantry most foul . 
  it does n't , if you want to work .
