  if the flag in the newspaper insert was 0.3 mm short , its desired size would have to have been 3.6 mm in order for 0.3 mm to represent a missing 8.3 % . 
  i imagine the actual flag in the newspaper insert was supposed to be bigger than 3.6 mm , it was probably more than a centimetre . 
  the margin in your example is totally out of proportion to the op . 
  the sensible thing to do with a requirement is to have a certain percentage of error . 
  in any reasonably sized flag in a newspaper , 0.3 mm would be well within that margin of error . 
  missing 8.3 % of the specified minimum speed is not within any reasonable margin . 
  can the autonomous communities call elections when they want , or is it a fixed term ( assuming no votes of no confidence ) ? 
  and another one straight after to make sure it 's the only issue ? 
  you are very excitable . 
  and , since this is a back bench motion and generally votes go either way with a relatively large majority , it would be unusual for the prime minister himself to show up and vote . 
  edit : http://www.theyworkforyou.com/mp/10777/david_cameron/witney  has voted in 17.30 % of votes in this parliament with this affiliation -- well below average amongst mps . 
  ( from public whip ) this is entirely normal for a pm . 
  like i said , most votes are n't close enough to warrant most cabinet ministers ' time - a vote passed with a majority of 100 is the same as a vote passed with a majority of 200 after all . 
  people like to misuse this sort of data sometimes . 
  tldr : he 'll probably abstain . 
  what alternatives are there for catalonia , if it wanted to seek a solution without going outside the law ? 
  just two of the four , one of them started as a single-issue group campaigning to get out . 
  sounds like a place with a lot of religious tension . 
  a very religious place . 
  i think he 's replying in part to your previous comment as well . 
  the term `` city of london '' is misleading - it 's all city . 
   some catalan speakers fear that this is a first step back to reducing catalan to second-class status . 
  this has always seemed a strange argument to me . 
  the first step to oppression is bringing stuff back onto equal footing . 
  ( grew up in valencia where the situation is similar - at least in the bit i was in ) . 
  as someone who has been a foreigner , can confirm there 's no feeling like coming home . 
  it 's suited to some people , but not to us . 
  as someone who speaks both , they are definitely different languages , and one could not possibly be considered a dialect of the other . 
  that 's true enough . 
  i do n't actually know what the criteria are ? 
  we need at least one language from each country to be represented , so doing it purely on number of speakers would be unwise ... but maybe including catalan could be appropriate . 
  but ireland is an eu member state , catalonia is a region in an eu member state . 
   some eu languages ftfy, 
  indeed - to be clear , i was n't trying to be partisan . 
  i think it might be because it 's generally the mother that keeps the kid . 
  well , i 'm not . 
  i do attack that policy when it comes up though . 
  it is more stupid than isis mugs being criminalized , yes . 
  well i do n't know about that . 
  maybe , but it would have a marginal effect if any at all compared to the hate preachers and recruiters - which absolutely should be criminalized . 
  if these products have an origin with a company which gives a share of its revenue to isis , it is also legitimate to criminalize these items ( from this company - not so sure about a blanket ban on anything just in case ) . 
  but we could look at it from another point of view : the security services will be keeping tabs on most of these people , but not all . 
  if they see someone with an isis mug or flying an isis flag who they are n't already keeping tabs on , they will . 
  a fraction of those - how large or small i could n't know - will actually be dangerous . 
  criminalizing them makes this more difficult . 
  who decides what 's safe ? 
  should it be illegal to put up a `` vote labour '' sign in the uk , because of the iraq war ? 
  oh , probably nobody would . 
  but that is n't the point , i 'm only reacting here to other people 's views that it 's perfectly fine for this sort of thing to be criminalized - i think it 's wrong in principle , and do n't see how it provides any sort of benefit anyway . 
  assuming the flag never has another meaning ( i 'm referring to stuff like [ this ] ( http://www.breitbart.com/breitbart-london/2014/08/08/east-london-council-estate-and-the-isis-flag ) , though it 's not my central point ) , is it so bad to express support for a group ? 
  what if you support the palestinians , and by extension the terrorist group hamas elected by them ? 
  or israel , and its casual attitude to killing civilians ? 
  i draw the line at providing actual support - isis is a criminal organization so donating to them / buying their oil / otherwise providing some sort of support * that actually benefits them in a tangible way * is fair game for criminalization . 
  waving a flag is not . 
  sorry , i was n't clear . 
  i 'm aware that this law in germany does n't extend to teaching about naziism , as if a teacher in a class would get taken away for showing the swastika to the children . 
  i just meant that teaching about the nazis and what was so bad about them is necessary and sufficient - banning symbols is just a needless infraction of free speech , and kind of outdated by now . 
  that 's incitement to violence , which is not comparable to waving a flag . 
  i guess , but i prefer teaching history . 
  i do n't think seeing it differently is limited to isis supporters . 
  what about mullah korner ? 
  does n't that ... seem like a problem ? 
  oh the flag ? 
  i was trying to think of an actual person called jack from about that time period that would still be so well known . 
  thanks . 
  i guess it 's excluding popes . 
  at the risk of embarassing myself ... what do you mean ? 
  `` the iraqi sea '', 
  what are the red spots for ? 
  that 's what he means . 
  you can put that down to fptp anyway . 
  it 's a common misconception , that people voted snp because they wanted independence . 
  same how most people who vote ukip do n't care about the eu . 
  i found an as-yet undiscovered tribe of welshmen once on my travels . 
  but i did n't disturb them . 
  the north of england could secede from the south of england , but still have its capital in north london . 
  a wall will be built ... 
  it would only be on the decision of one area if glasgow voted one way and most of the rest of scotland voted comprehensively the other way . 
  the vote depends on all of scotland . 
  the difference is merely in the times they are announced and how many are announced at once . 
  it is a bit silly , i suppose , but ... do you take the politics of other countries as seriously as you do your own ? 
  when you do n't get a vote either way , and it 's not to do with you ? 
  tomorrow should be a great spectacle whatever the result - to see as many people as are expected to decide on the future of their nation - there 's no harm in casually picking a side . 
  it 's like making a bet . 
  as long as he does n't donate or go out campaigning in other countries ( or his own for that matter ) for causes he picked arbitrarily , of course ... 
  while it is true that a federal eu is more centralized than a europe of nation states , if it ever got to the sort of relationship scotland has with westminster , we would no longer be able to use the word federal to describe it . 
  it only seems to be going in that direction because the eu today is less centralized than a federal eu would be . 
  i think even the eu realizes its limit is at a federation , not a single republic . 
  it will never be bound so tightly to the rest of the eu as it is - for now - to the rest of the uk . 
  they are replacing london * and * brussels with just brussels . 
  but then the crime is n't spreading their religion , it 's recruiting to a criminal terrorist organisation . 
  alright , who left sir ian mckellen out in the sun ? 
  i 'm not one of those people who 's always complaining about immigration or immigrants , but i 've never understood the vehement support for the freedom of movement . 
  could you explain why you support it ? 
  i just do n't see the benefits over a normal immigration system . 
   most people were against the euro before it came because it 's a bad idea . 
   and now most do n't want to go back . 
  because they 're locked into the trap the eu set for them !, 
  edit : i guess / r/europe thinks the euro project just went so well !, 
  maybe there 's strong sentiment against nazi symbolism in germany even today , but that law has always seen kind of outdated to me .
