  it 's so simple . 
   nobody does so is it better to have a constitutional monarchy than a dangerous unknown , even if your preference is a republic ? 
  i know how i would have voted . 
   so let 's not bash every priest or every catholic . 
  i 'm sure you can distinguish between an organization and its members . 
  someone tell farage !, 
  if he says that , he has to accept the same is true for him and scotland . 
  renegotiate ? 
  ** edit ** i was on my phone earlier , let me expand on this : you probably know cameron does n't control a single party government in the uk - he 's in a coalition with the liberal democrats . 
  the lib dems are against holding a referendum right now , for what they see as reasons entirely to do with internal conservative party politics . 
  this means that even if he wanted to ( he probably does ) , he could n't hold a referendum before 2015 when the next election is , and only if he controls a single party government . 
  that 's why he promises a referendum with single party government as a condition to it - it happens to be convenient , as he obviously wants a single party government anyway , rather than people splitting the ( as it was seen at the time of his promise ) conservative vote with ukip . 
  but he does n't want it to look like his hands are tied by his partners in coalition , so he has to come up with a spiel about renegotiation and having a referendum in 2017 , as if it was all part of the plan anyway . 
  whether he * can * renegotiate in a meaningful way or not has yet to be seen - he claims to have a decent record on negotiating britain 's interests with the eu , though . 
  i think that 's a decent summary , i 've tried not to inject my own view into it . 
  yeah , this is in that other english speaking country that uses euros . 
  kind of like a poor european union . 
  so is brussels . 
  oh i had n't realized the hr was nominated separately . 
  thanks !, 
  i had understood that it 's the countries ' governments ' role to nominate members of the commission , but for the president to actually decide which position they are to occupy ? 
  how can poland nominate a particular person for a particular role ? 
  i do n't see why not : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=st5awk0xxhk, 
   germany has been doing this for some time since 1939 , in fact ... 
   they lost all their meps correction , they do have one . 
  did you know that the lib dems have as many knights in the commons as they do women ? 
  well , now 100 % of their meps are women !, 
  what other party can say that ? 
  there 's only so much you can expect a political party to do . 
  i 'm not suggesting that everybody picks up the three main parties ' manifestos and read them cover to cover - i 've never done that with even one . 
  past the first few pages it 's really just for journalists to read and regurgitate to their readers what they find most interesting . 
  otherwise political parties pretty much read the manifesto to the public while they 're out campaigning - what more do you want ? 
  i follow elections avidly , they did n't make anywhere near as much about tuition fees on the campaign trail as they did about raising the income tax threshold , sacking corrupt mps and even the long since forgotten amnesty for illegal immigrants . 
  meanwhile , labour promises time and again to reform the house of lords and since they got rid of ( most of ) the hereditary peers nothing has happened . 
  in my opinion it 's more important than making students have to borrow three times as much money on very favourable terms in which what they pay back is tied to what they earn ( it 's just a graduate tax with the flaw that the rich get an opt-out ) . 
  but you do n't get labour voters crying about how they ca n't vote for any parties any more because they 're all liars , because labour voters on the whole are n't children . 
  and i 'm no big fan of labour ( labour also has a much better pr machine , of course ) . 
  i do n't know , it seemed fairly clear to me ... 
  i mean , there 's two possible outcomes to the 2010 election as far as tuition fees are concerned : a majority government and fees go up , or a coalition government and they renegue on their promise because it was never a priority ( you just have to look at how it did n't make it to their page 7 spread in the manifesto - it did n't rank in the top 12 policies ) , and fees go up . 
  at least with the lib dems in government they got a more favourable deal for students on the terms of their loan . 
  there was more to it than a simple trebling of the cap on fees . 
   while we 're on the tuition issue - did n't all their mp 's make a ( pretty publicised ) pledge to vote against a fee hike , and then around half of them ignored that and voted for the hike anyway ? 
  i could see how that might irk their constituencies at least , if not everyone . 
   nobody 's expecting a coalition to work without some give or take , and lib dem have done some decent things , like voting against the inane porn blocking bill as well . 
  but i think it 's a bit below the belt when clegg does this [ 2 ] , and then half his party do the opposite . 
  well , i 'm not sure what porn blocking bill you 're talking about , but yes it 's understandable to be annoyed . 
  however , consider the original post i responded to :  i didnt vote because i 've lost all faith in british politics . 
  i 'm a former lib-dem but is no way in hell i 'm returning after their reversal on tuition fees . 
  so fuck all of them . 
  the lack of common sense in government is horrendous . 
  as much as it 's annoying when politicians go back on their promises ( labour , lords reform ; conservatives , eu referendum ; lib dems , tuition fees ) , it 's something that happens and it 's generally not that difficult for someone who pays attention to politics to judge how likely a party is to keep a certain promise given the political climate . 
  i do n't think that that 's a lot to ask , for people who want to exercise that right to vote , to actually inform themselves on likely outcomes of their decision first . 
   ( not that i would know , honestly , there 's only so much you can tell from reddit and the bbc ) i would n't trust reddit to inform you about politics   one question - why did n't they form the coalition with labour ? 
  not enough seats ? 
  that 's right , the total number of labour seats plus lib dem seats did n't equal more than half the number of seats in the commons . 
  it could have worked in theory ( as far as numbers go ) , but it could n't ever have actually worked . 
  it would also have meant keeping out the party that got the most votes to keep an unpopular party in ( with a 13 year rule behind it ) ... 
  i ca n't imagine how that would have been in the country 's or the lib dems ' best interests . 
  edit : remember , downvotes are for destructive and spam posts . 
  not for if you disagree . 
  if you disagree , reply to me and i 'll explain to you why you 're wrong . 
  sorry , i see the india flag and i 'm not sure how much context to provide . 
  they 've definitely disappointed in coalition , both from a policy and a pr perspective , i.e they 've been a bit * too * compromising , but not as compromising as they 've been given credit for - this is due to their pr machine not being prepared for national politics , the lib dems being a primarily local party . 
  tuition fees was n't their major talking point , raising the income tax threshold to # 10,000 was . 
  that 's what was at the top of their manifesto and that was their major campaigning point in 2010 . 
  they did however make a particularly high profile pledge to vote against any rise in tuition fees . 
  in my opinion , it 's up to the voting public to look at a party 's policies , and not just look at whether they could have a practical implementation , but also look at how likely they are to implement it in the first place . 
  the only way the lib dems ' pledge could be meaningful would be if they held the balance of power and formed a coalition with either of the two main parties , both of which were committed to putting them up . 
  it 's obvious to anyone paying attention that this was not a pledge the lib dems would be able to keep , and therefore , voters who voted for them * solely on that issue * partially have themselves to blame . 
  if you look at [ their 2010 manifesto ] ( http://issuu.com/libdems/docs/manifesto ) , you 'll see their 12 major talking points on page 7 . 
  first one you 'll see is a # 700 tax cut for most people , that was delivered . 
  tuition fees is n't mentioned ( it probably is somewhere in the 112 page document , but i 'm talking * major * talking points - it ca n't be denied they made the pledge ) . 
  most of their policies have either since been implemented ( tax cut , free schools , breaking up banks , honesty about tough choices to cut deficit ) , blocked by the conservatives ( house of lords reform ) , or were never actually practical policies ( sack corrupt mps ) . 
  one has faded into obscurity ( civil liberties and freedom bill ) , though they did table it , it ran out of parliamentary time , as many relatively minor bills do ( i do n't think it was part of the coalition agreement ) . 
  i ca n't excuse the lib dems for things like the bedroom tax , or pretty much anything to do with the current government 's policy on welfare and social security , but i do n't believe any other party would have done anything different - and it 'd be worse under a conservative majority government , of this you can rest assured . 
  arguably , the new deal for students is better than the old one - after all the debt 's interest remains tied to inflation , and you only have to start paying it once you start earning above a certain threshold . 
  it 's not as if you have to pay for university up front , or with a loan from the bank . 
  what 's more , it 's called off after a certain amount of time regardless of how much you 've paid . 
  all people see though is the headline figure of trebled tuition fees and , people just do n't look any closer . 
  particularly with the media not being particularly sympathetic to the lib dems in the first place . 
  and the tory party machine actively working to discredit them ( by the time of the av referendum , this was so deeply seated in the mentality of the british people they were able to campaign against av purely on the basis that it 'd make the lib dems more powerful ) . 
  as labour 's strategy is the lurch to the left to try and pick up disgruntled lib dems , you have the power of the two major parties actively working them into the hole they started digging themselves when they went into coalition , people eat it right up . 
  people also resent the lib dems for going to coalition at all , but they forget that the parliamentary arithmetic and the economic situation at the time meant that they had no other choice - any other choice they made would have been worse . 
  i 'm not convinced they needed to sign up for five years of it though . 
  it 's a popular opinion in the uk that the liberal democrats ( the junior partner in the government ) sold out their voters - a fair number of them students - for a grab at power which resulted in nothing but making them an extension of the conservative party . 
  is n't that what he said ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  i assumed that 's what he meant , and i think you did too . 
  it genuinely surprises me that people still think this . 
  this is an intelligent and accurate analysis , thank you . 
  what do you mean , that the police will be too busy voting to investigate , or ? 
  ultimately , if the campaign is to get him elected , he is responsible . 
  if he 's not even reviewing ads , then that is his problem . 
  if he becomes president of the commission , do we want him blaming his team for mistakes when the buck stops at him ? 
  i do n't drive , but i get the impression you can only use lanes properly if everyone else is ? 
  since the answers you got were typical reddit circlejerk , here 's what i hope is a less biased perspective . 
  i should preface by saying i 'm not a ukip supporter , because i 'm not a libertarian and i think the party focuses too much on immigration , which really is n't an issue for me though i understand it is for many people , rightly or wrongly ( though i do believe that economic migration from an entire half-continent should be subject to some controls , and that people are too easily branded as racist for mentioning immigration . 
  nevertheless , a sizeable portion of the people who do mention immigration * are * racist , which complicates things ) . 
  here 's the thing . 
  traditionally , in britain , those that opposed immigration from various parts of the old empire were your typical never-seen-a-black-person-before types who were ( by `` modern standards '' ) racist .
