   it 's not my fault that many of our fellow europeans ca n't be bothered to even inform themselves about one election in 5 years . 
  well , i think that if a group of politicians wants to `` grab power '' - by which i mean they want the european council to cede the power of selection of the president to them - i think they need to try a bit harder to engage a clear support for such a change from the people . 
  while the public does have a certain responsibility to inform themselves , politicians have just as much of a duty to engage with the public , discuss changes they want to make and gain their support . 
  the european political class , unfortunately , prefers to engage with the council above rather than the people below . 
  i think that 's quite sad ... 
  but that 's why they have to take into account the result of the election - so in this case it should be someone from an epp party , just not juncker . 
  does the ep reflect the true situation ? 
  turnout is terrible amd only gets worse and people use it to sink their protest votes . 
  either the ep needs to get itself taken more seriously * first * , then it can grab extra power , or it can be got rid of a largely pointless entity ... 
  mandates should come before power . 
  they did n't campaign loudly enough for how powerful their position is . 
  in what sense is the ep free from voting blocks ? 
  juncker is the epp candidate as you know , i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  why is it better ? 
  does culture get lost like that ? 
  do many people move to iceland ? 
  it 's about more than just how many layers of indirection . 
  you are implying that heads of government are selected by mps over the heads of the population , whereas in actual fact mps are elected by the public in the most part because of their candidate for pm . 
  the same ca n't be said of the european parliament , which gets votes not on any european programme , but on how people feel about their national governments and national parties . 
  it 's a good point , but i think mandates should come before power . 
   the european parliament has as much democratic legitimacy as any national parliament . 
  well , i think it has a bit less because they do n't campaign on issues related to what they 're going to be doing there , but on national issues unrelated to the ep . 
  i also see it as the place where the rejects from national parliaments go as some sort of work experience trip . 
  it makes the connection between their votes and their constituents ' votes less strong than a national parliament . 
  it does n't compare to the bundestag or to westminster . 
   do n't know what you mean by `` democratization to mean centralization '' i mean that , everyone seems to agree that `` reform '' is needed . 
  but to some of us , `` reform '' means `` more europe '' ; to others , it means `` less europe '' . 
  the `` more europe '' camp are the `` democratization = centralization '' camp that i mention ; they see the solution to reform in the eu as establishing a more powerful commission which national governments will cede control to ; having a unified foreign and defence policy ; unified tax policy , etc. 
  on the other hand , `` reform '' according to cameron and friends means the opposite : it means a bonfire of european regulations , a reform to the free movement of people , and a lessening of the influence the eu institutions have on sovereign member states ; the opposite of centralization . 
  i 'm not sure on the details of the efta/eea , but i think it 's a similar model . 
  does n't norway have to implement some things it does n't have a say over , though ? 
  in my model , that would n't happen . 
   my point is , that you claim that the ep should n't have a say in proposing the comission to clarify , i think it should be taken into account the party with the most votes , but i do n't think it extends so far as for the ep to actually pick the individual themsleves . 
  it 's not the same as saying the ep should not have a say . 
   but i would think that there were even fewer who voted with comission candidates in mind in the national elections well , obviously ... but the difference is that if it 's the parliament that selects the potec , then the president can ( falsely , in my view , for reasons i explained ) claim to have a democratic mandate , and can push his position to be * above * the other european council members on that basis . 
  that really does represent a change in the constitutional makeup of the eu that has not been consented so far by the european people . 
  in my view , it goes against the spirit of the treaties and it 's a change of the magnitude we would normally only see in a treaty change . 
  since treaty changes require referenda in several countries , i think it 's inappropriate to rely on technicalities and de-facto shifts and grabs for power to concentrate the sort of power reserved for elected officials in one person who was n't actually elected . 
   the advantage of the ep is that people have the freedom to vote on eu policy and leadership indepentently of national policy . 
  but then the mep candidates should campaign on the platform and agenda of what they 're going to be doing in this parliamentary term . 
  in reality , their campaigns are run by national parties on national issues because voters vote on national issues . 
  they should n't ; but while they do , the fact that the european parliament can vote on policy regardless of national parliaments and national interests is actually a bad thing . 
  it just creates a wildcard scenario where we elect meps with no platform or manifesto and we see what comes out of the hat . 
  it 's not how real parliaments work . 
   the fact that people keep voting for epp and s&d around europe despite so much euroscepticism and dissatisfaction with how the eu is run i think is a sign that people may not feel like compromising on the national level to influence eu policy . 
  they do n't vote for the epp and s&d . they vote for the labour party , the conservative party , the spanish pp and psoe . 
  they vote for merkel 's christian democrats and hollande 's socialists . 
  a minority voted for schulz 's s&d group and juncker 's epp . 
   the council this time around chose junker because they were willing to cede power at an election notable for the rise of eurosceptic parties . 
  does n't that seem a bit inappropriate ? 
  as to the rest , i 'm more comfortable with him being accountable to the council than meps , for reasons i stated . 
  you make a fair point about commissioners being chosen by member states , but how long until the president simply chooses one from each member state himself , delegating the commissioners from the countries that defy him to minor and uninfluential roles ? 
  that 's actually closer to its inception than i thought , but still after the us as a political federal entity ( cf theoretical united states of europe ) was established , is it fair to say ? 
  thanks !, 
   the national parliaments got elected on national swings and national contexts . 
  yes , but with the candidate prime ministers in mind . 
  the point is that a minority of people will have voted with juncker , schulz or the rest in mind , meaning their mandate can not be compared with that of the leader of a national parliament . 
  the vote in the uk was between cameron and milliband ( and farage ) , not the ecr , s&d or efd and their commission candidates . 
  i know the uk was not alone in this regard . 
   whatever candidate would be proposed ( like barroso in the past ) by the national governments would also totally irrelevant to the vote in favour of parties that happened to support him/her . 
  i do n't really know what that means , could you rephrase ? 
  i do n't know if this answers your point , but barroso was epp and the epp were the largest party during his tenure . 
  that seems appropriate . 
  if we 're going to have a commission , it should be the council which chooses the commission president , as long as they 're within the party that 's the largest . 
   it was the council that nominated him . 
  sort of . 
  this is a half-truth . 
  the council nominated him , but it 's not the full story . 
  the council made a beeline for juncker because he was the epp 's candidate . 
  de facto handing over the power of selecton to the parliament . 
  that * is * giving up sovreignty . 
   the ep can not just pick the next commission president . 
  it 's a technicality . 
  the same way the ep has de-facto legislative initiative , the ep has acquired de-facto selection of the european prime minister . 
   treaties are not changed because of who was nominated . 
  no treaty was changed . 
  power is not solely transferred by treaties . 
  plenty of the power structure in our own uk is not established on paper . 
  it does n't matter . 
  real power shifted today , for better or for worse . 
  you can support the change ( i do n't get the impression you support or oppose it ? 
  ) , or you can be against it . 
  or you can not care , i guess . 
  what you ca n't do , is deny its existence . 
  to the remainder of your post : i do n't think you can sensibly deny , particularly not today , that the eu is going to become closer and more integrated , with or without the uk ? 
  it 's only a question of whether the uk will become part of the united states of europe ( though i do hope they pick a different name ) or leave . 
  the status quo , desirable or not , is not going to be around for long . 
   edit : if you 're downvoting me fucking explain why you disagree instead of hiding behind anonymity . 
  it 's annoying is n't it . 
  but you should first explain why it 's terrifying to you , and why you ca n't imagine anything worse for the uk than leaving the eu . 
  your post contributed nothing to the discussion except to register your opinion without you backing it up . 
  if you want people to tell you why they disagree , you first have to provide them with something to disagree with . 
  ergo , it 's not downvotes because people disagree , it 's downvotes for a negative and non-contributory post . 
  which is , oddly enough , what they are for . 
  this is just an idea that i make up as i go along , but what do you think about this ? 
  i would break up the european parliament and have it apply solely to eurozone countries . 
  i would also give it de jure legislative initiative and have its relationship with the european commission follow a similar model to how national governments relate to national parliaments , i.e they are chosen and accountable to the european parliament . 
  the european council no longer has influence over the selection of the commission president . 
  the european commission and the european parliament 's mandate is solely over the eurozone countries . 
  from their perspective , the rest of the eu is a foreign country .
