  it 's hard for a young person to get their first job , it 's hard to buy your first house . 
  i do n't expect cutting immigration alone would help particularly , and anyway i believe all these problems to be short term so a long-term solution like leaving the eu is not appropriate . 
  but it 's why we think a `` wall '' as you put it might be needed . 
  things are hardly great in portugal , so i hear . 
  i do n't know how much you guys dislike immigration , but as a country that 's a little bit closer to the middle of the eu economically , i feel like it might not be quite so pronounced . 
  you 'll know better , though . 
   it says `` we do n't want you to live here '' . 
  the problem really is about the free movement . 
  `` the uk '' does n't believe that maintaining the free movement principle is compatible with the eu 's expansion into countries where a vast number of citizens are highly incentivized to engage in an exercise of economic migration . 
  it wants immigrants , in principle , but it wants some degree of control over the quality and quantity of them . 
  under the eu rules as it stands , it has no choice but to let anybody in simply on the grounds of which country they come from . 
  add in to the fact that the uk is a net contributor to the eu ( i.e we subsidize the countries that deflate our pay ) , you might see why leaving is seen as an attractive option to some . 
  [ some romanian citizens roughing it in the park demanding housing be made for them because they are eu citizens ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/news/london/romanians-were-eu-citizens-give-us-houses-so-we-can-stop-sleeping-rough-at-park-lane-9794981.html ) does n't exactly help the pro-eu cause . 
  also , when you ca n't control the numbers coming in from the eu ... seeing as the uk government is * always * under pressure to curb immigration , it means the uk 's immigration policy has to unfairly disadvantage non-eu member countries when it comes to letting their citizens seek work here . 
  there 's only a certain amount of housing available , after all . 
  like many european countries , the uk has closer cultural ties to many countries all round the world than it does to its european neighbours , and yet our hand seems to be forced against austrialians or new zealanders or canadians in favour of romanians and bulgarians . 
  most british people probably could n't tell you which country bulgaria is on a map . 
  that 's basically the immigration case that tends to be made here against the eu . 
  i do n't personally agree with all of it , but as with any argument that gains traction , there is something to it . 
  at the very least , i think it 's more convincing than being able to pop over to calais to buy a sandwich . 
  honestly ? 
  i think portugal would let in a thousand david camerons whether britain is in or out of the eu . 
  we just do n't need to be in a political union to get there . 
  british passport 's pretty good for getting entry to other countries - one of the best in the world . 
  i know this is reddit , where pretty much anything will count as censorship , but please look up the definition before going into the real world or you 're going to get laughed at . 
  a lot . 
  in other european languages it 's more or less the same word . 
  he 's using it as a metonym . 
  anthropocentric just means putting humanity at the centre of attention , as opposed to , say , god . 
  his post did n't make a lot of sense . 
  i know . 
  i was n't around at that time though , so it 's not relevant . 
  only if the buns are made with your finest high-fructose corn syrup !, 
  in the uk it is # 9,000 a year ( ~ 11.5 k eur ) . 
  i 've no doubt that a thousand euros is more money in portugal than it is the uk , but people in the uk are not eleven and a half times as wealthy , by any measure . 
  i appreciate that everything in the uk is more expensive , but university education is not in that proportion . 
  i wish mine would , too !, 
  but if it happened to everyone i ca n't help but think that would be terribly inflationary . 
  but i do n't think the average salary in the uk ( as if that were a meaningful figure , particularly in a non-normal distribution ) is more than eleven times higher than in portugal . 
  man , i wish my tuition had only cost me a thousand euros a year . 
  that 's pretty insightful , i had n't seen it that way - thanks !, 
  there has always seemed to be a * slight * american accent under the french one , now you mention it !, 
  not sure about your schools , but the english we learnt in school was definitely british english . 
  i remember a few times when the text we were reading happened to be an american text - rarely happened - and that sometimes caused confusion , `` why do they spell colour without the ` u ' , teacher ? '', 
  `` oh , ignore that ... '' . 
  it was pretty cool growing up in spain . 
  it 's given me a perspective on my own country about the things we do well but nobody else seems to appreciate - as well as ways in which we could do better . 
  being 13 at the time i was really unhappy about it , but i ca n't imagine growing up anywhere else . 
  i 'm sure you know what i mean by all of this . 
  i remember once when we 'd recently moved , my mother called me `` hijo de puta '' ( sort of , i do n't think she could have written it down ) because she knew it was an insult but apparently did n't know what it meant . 
  i was born in stoke on trent , spent my teenage years in spain ( 13-19 ) . 
  most of the english language stuff i consumed in that time was british in origin , the majority of the english language stuff i used online was on british or british-dominated websites . 
  nevertheless , i did n't think it was right to use a british english word when the american english one actually seemed like a better choice to me . 
  i do n't hold everybody to make the same choice as me , as it 's entirely a personal thing - just like how i do n't make my gay friends kiss girls just because i like doing it . 
  this does n't extend to everything - for example , i 'll write it as colour , i talk about aubergines and not eggplants ( actually i rarely talk about either ) , i think the word `` aluminum '' sounds horrible . 
  i just do n't think i should be held to speak using one convention all the time - and certainly not because of my ancestry . 
  as long as i can reasonably believe that i will be understood . 
  circumstantial exceptions can be made . 
  for example , in a job interview i 'll talk about my degree in maths - not math , because i know it upsets people to hear americanizations and i want to make a good impression . 
  in all seriousness , i do n't think where i was born should mandate the words i use . 
  i think math sounds better and is more consistent with the meaning of the word . 
  i also end - ise words with - ize . 
  i am not american nor is anyone in my family or any of my friends . 
  i do n't consume a disproportionate amount of american literature or other media - if anything , it 's disproportionately british/other european . 
  i also do n't try and make other people write things the same way as i do . 
  i know . 
  fanny packs are such a fashion faux pas . 
  damn . 
  i guess i 'll just have to get on an airplane and find some accomodations over in the us of a. i think i 'll have an eggplant sandwich and potato chips on the way to the airport , maybe carrying them wrapped up in some aluminum foil in my fanny pack . 
  what should i do with this `` keep calm and carry on '' poster ? 
  leave it on the sidewalk ? 
  but then data is being used as a collective , is n't it ? 
  a word can be singularized even if it was originally plural anyway . 
  i 'm not sure if mathematics ever was plural - but even if it was once , it certainly is n't now . 
  are you sure ? 
  do you say `` mathematics is my best subject '' or `` mathematics are my best subjects '' ? 
  but which one do you write first ? 
  math graduate here , i 've always called it math . 
  edit : i guess i have n't . 
  thanks , / r/europe !, 
  i used to live near a valencian language speaking village called vilamarxant , near valencia . 
  that 's its name in the valencian language - in castillian spanish the name is villamarchante , a name by which it is rarely actually called even when speaking in castillian spanish . 
  nevertheless , throughout the surrounding area road signs are covered with `` ch `` s drawn crudely over the x. i always thought that was sad . 
  the strangest thing was , nobody ever seemed to add the `` e '' on the end . 
  there would have been a century of peace . 
  all differences would be forgotten . 
  ww2 would never have happened , we would all be driving top-of-the-range audis and embracing low levels of personal debt . 
  can we pin a quote about appeasement to yours ? 
  he did n't censor . 
  he linked it in the parent comment , remember ? 
   i ca n't tell if it is or is n't . 
  neither can you . 
  given that it 's a tiny difference unless the flag is ridiculously small , we can make a good guess about how ridiculous it is . 
  very . 
  the example you gave is a good example of that . 
  being 0.3 mm off a picture of a flag in a newspaper insert is in no way `` screwing up monumentally '' nor is it a `` fundamental design flaw '' . 
  the op is an example of when it really is an `` imperceptible difference '' , your example was an example of when the manufacturer claimed it was , when any reasonable person can see that it is n't . 
  the op is not an example of any sort of fundamental flaw , it 's not really relevant , though it was interesting to read about . 
  you ca n't possibly be comparing a 1.5 knot deficit in the speed of a ferry to a flag being 0.3 mm short . 
  that 's missing 8.3 % of the desired speed .
