  sounds like a successful demonstration , well done to you all . 
  do you know how much coverage it got in and outside spain ? 
   there should also be a minimum vote presence for the vote to pass ( say 60 % vote presence and 60 % yes ) . 
  this is a bad bad bad bad bad idea . 
  it makes not voting more powerful than voting no . 
  it 's not democratic , democracy is no minimum threshold and well-defined majorities , and essentially , all votes being equal . 
   here 's a map of tweet frequencies at the time it was done i love this century . 
  that 's pretty impressive . 
  did any violence break out ? 
  if not ( or little ) than this looks like the correct way to conduct a demonstration . 
  show that it 's clearly a mass coordinated effort which took time and resources to plan ( i.e make people with the right colour tshirts show up and make sure they stand in the right place . 
  so many people , too ... ) , and it will gain more attention for this . 
  with a media which does n't report on demonstrations for their own sake , it seems like a good strategy . 
  the breakoff of smaller nations from larger states to join an eu approaching federalization is a logical step towards your goal . 
  what does n't make sense is for catalonia to be subject to the will of the eu * and * spain , if the eu is made into a federation . 
  it makes more sense for them to be separate and equal states within a united eu . 
  in fact , the eu approaching federalization makes independence for smaller nations more realistic , more viable and more desirable than it ever was before . 
  i think this is the truth - and the financial services portfolio is probably the best we could have expected bearing this in mind . 
  there are what , five former prime ministers in this commission ? 
  on what basis ? 
  the eu is a political union . 
  i propose a two-state solution . 
  oh , i see what you mean . 
  well , if that was the idea then it would n't be so odd , yeah . 
  but france is n't a country where the socialist party dominates - chirac and sarkozy were both ump , a centre-right party . 
  that 's about where my familiarity with french politics ends , to my shame , but i seem to remember somebody else 's opinion that hollande only got in because they wanted to get sarkozy out . 
  i do n't think the ( so-called ) socialist party has won a presidential election since the 80s ? 
  you 'd have a point if the socialist party were seen as a way into power . 
  but maybe they were when hollande started his career . 
  well , i 'm not so naive as to assume that all politicians in the left half of a given country love the poor ... but if i * hated * the poor , i would n't join a party with socialist in its name , much less become president . 
  but i 'm not saying it 's unlikely in general and i ca n't comment on hollande personally ... it would just seem like we have a man who 's made some strange life choices . 
  but socialist is the name of the party , right ? 
  that 's what i meant . 
  i 'm less familiar with france 's semi-presidential style , so i do n't know how much hollande has to do with this , but did n't they bring in a massive top rate of tax ? 
  it would seem odd to me if the socialist president hates the poor . 
  elaborate please , since it is after all the whole point of nato . 
  there does n't need to be a conspiracy , the fact that war is unpopular and people are tired of the recent wars is enough . 
  instead we made friends with scotland . 
  or so we thought ... 
  might just be a british thing , but i 'd rather eat an old fridge tomato than a rotten one . 
  i thought the camera would be placed somewhere else and ... never mind . 
  it 's a joke based on stereotypes . 
  the food in britain is actually quite nice , as long as it has its origins somewhere else . 
  what do you mean ? 
  look at it compared to that step ladder !, 
  i like how there 's a scale above the map , when there 's no way that this map was drawn to scale . 
  it sounds to me like it was the transition from communism that screwed it . 
  did they use them to * target * civilians ? 
  sounds like someone 's been branded a conspiracy theorist a few too many times . 
  old white men * are * overrepresented in general , but it 's not a fair criticism here given the nature of monarchy and lineage . 
  would n't that sort of defeat the point ? 
  but we can be friends , right ? 
  why not ? 
  they are a threat to us all . 
  the emergence of isis is a danger to every european country . 
  you 're suggesting we will destroy the agricultural sector ... of the french poor ? 
  you ca n't compare belgian beer to british ale though !, 
  everybody cares about isis . 
  but not everyone agrees about what , if anything , is to be done . 
  i think there 's a fair amount of support ( still , maybe less than 50 % ) for taking military action against isis . 
  i think people can look at them and realize that this is a hostile criminal organization that does represent a direct threat to western countries . 
  in short , the reason people do n't want further involvement in the middle east is because they do n't want organizations like isis to emerge out of the mess we supposedly made . 
  but it 's already there - doing nothing would only make them stronger , there 's no point in not intervening if it 's only to prevent the emergence of isis , isis has already emerged !, 
  but it 's still unpopular with the war-weary , and obama is the champion of the war-weary . 
  the whole point of obama 's election campaign was withdrawal from the middle east . 
  well , it 's not surprising how that turned out . 
  since the first world war , the fates of the west and the middle east have been intertwined , obama is now coming to realize that you ca n't just unilaterally pull out of a broken region and leave it to its own devices . 
  she said :  if the uk does begin offensive operations , then at a later date the us puts boots on the ground for any reason , that puts the uk on the ground with them 100 % and it goes without saying that i do not want to see that happen under any circumstances . 
  so this is assuming a future scenario where the us does have boots on the ground . 
  what about the shia minority in sunni iraq , the kurdish minority in shia iraq , ... ? 
  maybe it was the people he dismissed calling for tougher action in ukraine , and now they 're finally out of the way putin can persue the two things he loves more than anything else : peaceful relations with the west , and strong young russian men . 
  they 'll do it anyway . 
  are you one of those people who think isis is a reaction to the invasion of iraq ? 
  and that therefore strikes against isis will only result in terrorist attacks in countries where the strikes came from ? 
  they will all go home and plan terrorist attacks at their home countries once they can sneak back in . 
  the ones worst affected will be the ones with the worst internal anti-terror security force , not the ones who make the worst strikes in iraq and syria . 
  they hate the west . 
  not because of what it did to their supposed homeland , but because of what it * is * . 
  why no uk boots on the ground ? 
  not ... everyone involved ? 
  rethink it in what sense ? 
  volunteer as in , replace their shitty translators for free ? 
  i guess that explains the quality of their translators . 
  case in point . 
  i think it 's more of a scatter seeds and see what grows kind of thing . 
  i expect op posted something similar to a few social media sites and is presumably conducting a more orthodox job search in the meantime . 
   an 'em ergency override ' button would n't make sense legally as you 'd only ever use it to break the law . 
  cars are capable of going over the speed limit today , but you 'd only use that to break the law . 
   i think manufacturers would have a hard time justifying them without mentioning that they are for emergencies - as that would be instructing users to break the law . 
  i do n't see it . 
  people like control and from a marketing point of view you 're less likely to buy a car you ca n't control directly if you want to . 
  i do n't see the government mandating people not be able to control their own cars for the same reason . 
  any kind of progress means a loss of jobs . 
  it generally means the creation of new , higher skilled jobs somewhere else . 
  it 's an argument that 's been made since the luddites and it 's a fundamental part of capitalism . 
  he commented that `` i do have a stake in the country after all . '', 
  why are the posters with the european union flair always the ones making the dumbest comments ? 
  some spanish people still think they have an empire and the british pirates are coming to steal the gold they stole from the new world . 
  source : i used to live in spain . 
  compliment ?
