in britain it 's mostly hungover guys lying next to and over the gravestones since they could n't find their way back home after the party . 
  greece , this is why you 're in this mess . 
  labour voted overwhelmingly in favour . 
  / u/bar50cal either made up the bit about insufficient votes or heard it somewhere and is misinformed . 
  but it was n't a binding motion , it was just symbolic , as / u/dasbeardius said . 
  that simply is n't true . 
  the governing party 's mps were told to abstain , but there 's no minimum threshold in parliament . 
  it 's not binding on the government 's foreign policy though - it was just symbolic . 
  labour voted overwhelmingly in favour . 
  sounds interesting . 
  why not ? 
  yes , it is . 
  i used to live in spain , where they are also on germany 's time despite it being an even worse idea for them than it is for us . 
  time there was so fucked up , i would n't want it to happen here too . 
  summer time when we were two hours off solar time was even worse . 
  with no tangible benefit , i do n't see why any such plans would get approved . 
  we 're more likely to join the euro . 
  yes . 
  it was a rhetorical question . 
  my point is merely that this is not necessarily cause for celebration . 
  i am not seriously suggesting we start ranking subs by their tusksrus ( tm ) quality rating , nor that i thought this was what the thread was about . 
  well i assume it is based on number of subscribers - but i would rank based on quality of submissions and discussion in comments ( obviously , difficult to rank all boards on objectively ) . 
  in my experience , the larger the subreddit , the lower the quality . 
  of course , it depends on other things too . 
  is this about number of subscribers ? 
  because that 's not how i would rank my top 200 subreddits . 
  do women only like to talk about shoes and ponies , then , and not difficult or complicated issues ? 
  oh that makes sense . 
  thanks !, 
  and happy cake day !, 
  they take a representative sample . 
  that sounds interesting - why ? 
   they devalue their currency , which makes a lot of people even poorer and angry not like austerity ? 
   couple years later comes next crisis . 
  i suppose one long , sustained crisis does * technically * mean they 're not stumbling from one to the next ... 
  pretty anti-democratic on both sides , then . 
  i think you 're right . 
  we need to discuss what to do with the future of the eu ... it 's difficult to see how we can go on like this , as it is the uk will leave and it wo n't be the last country to do so . 
  the euro was an insane idea . 
  i hope you 're able to secure a decent future for yourself , whether in your home country or elsewhere . 
  i think things are improving , slowly ... if you 've got the skills , you should be able to find work in foreign countries even without the freedom of movement . 
  and if a country does n't want you , you should n't want them , my friend . 
   when people here argue they do n't want immigrants , it really strikes me in the heart , it sounds `` i do n't want people like you , living here '' . 
  it 's a problem we have when discussing immigration , it can be taken personally . 
  understandably so . 
  add to this , that the people who care most passionately about immigration tend to be relatively poor and relatively uneducated , they 're not always so articulate about exactly what the problem is . 
  when a news channel interviews some random guy in the street who was n't expecting it , he does n't have a speech prepared so he ends up saying something along the lines of `` all these immigrants coming here '' . 
  i think it 's important not to hate the player , but to hate the game . 
  do n't blame an immigrant for making the logical decision to come and work for many times the pay he would otherwise get - but the laws that allow everyone in that country to do the same and take all control away from the host country , it 's fair to criticize . 
  god knows , if i lived in one of the poorest eu countries and had the opportunity to move to one of the richest as if it were my own country ( language aside ) , i know i would . 
  i think the criticism with the free movement in tandem with the eastward expansion is justified . 
  when the uk joined the eu the freedom of movement was already in place , but it consisted only of belgium , france , italy , luxembourg , the netherlands , germany , denmark , ireland and the uk - all countries on more or less the same economic footing as the uk , and no disproportionate amount of economic migration likely to take place . 
  you could pop over to calais to buy a sandwich , or for work ( but we were never in schengen so it 's bring your passport to work day every day ) - there was n't such a huge imbalance . 
  it 's only since may 2004 , when the eu almost doubled in size overnight , that there 's been a real problem with the free movement . 
  we had a large influx of polish people coming here to work and send money back home . 
  poland is ( if you believe some of the graphs that get posted on this sub ) one of if not the largest recipient of eu money as it is , but the economy was booming in 2004 , and we thought we had eliminated the boom/bust cycle , so it was fine . 
  it sounds like the same sort of deal as you had with your brazilian and ukrainian friends , but our economy never got so bad that they left . 
  it 's kind of a mixed bag with the poles , even though they are a bit old fashioned sometimes ( and very catholic ) , they 've always seemed very friendly to me , and very hardworking . 
  nevertheless , if you ever do agency work or cleaning work or construction , the people who have been doing that since before 2004 feel like foreigners at their own work place - they dominate it . 
  but it 's considered one of the fundamental freedoms of the eu . 
  the uk already gets super-special snowflake status in a lot of areas , it would be quite a feat if cameron manages to get an opt-out for britain on that . 
  if for no other reason that you would probably get a bunch of other countries wanting an opt-out too . 
  it leads me onto ukip - the real root of this move from cameron . 
  he 's already lost one mp to ukip , and another is fighting a by-election in a few weeks ( do you have those in portugal ? 
  you do n't tend to get them in list systems but i 'm not familiar with portugal 's constitutional makeup ) , so they might have two . 
  it 's why he started this whole rhetoric about the eu . 
  ukip started as a party that made sovereignty-based arguments against the eu - they are simply against the principle that a `` foreign '' court can make binding decisions on uk law , and that a `` foreign '' parliament can make binding laws that the uk ca n't appeal or overturn . 
  they do n't think the eu should be able to block the uk 's ability to make its own trade deals ( it makes sense that the eu would do this - the solution would be the leave ) . 
  they do n't like the obscure and ( as far as they are concerned ) undemocratic nature of the parliament and the commission . 
  they experienced relatively slow growth outside of the european parliament elections until very recently , when they started talking about immigration . 
  i think the sovereignty arguments ukip make make a more convincing case for britain 's exit from the eu ( like i said , immigration 's impact is a short term thing ) , but they 're also more abstract and do n't ring well with the general public . 
   ( barroso is an ass ) i really do n't like him . 
  when i 'm talking a foreign language ( i grew up in spain ) my mannerisms change so maybe it 's the same for him - i only see him speaking english ( which he happens to do very well ) . 
  he always seems like he 's laughing at a joke but he wo n't tell you what it is . 
  he seems really arrogant , like he loves that he 's in charge of something `` bigger '' than the uk , and that it 's subject to him in a sense . 
  i like juncker more , although i did n't support the manner of his appointment . 
  he seems a lot more diplomatic and willing to compromise . 
  the british passport allows visa-free or visa on arrival access to [ 174 countries ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_requirements_for_british_citizens ) , ranking it first in the world ( with finnish , german , swedish and us ) . 
  like you say , portugal 's is similarly good at 172 countries ( and rightly so ) . 
  it is very unlikely that eu member countries like portugal would start requiring people with a british passport to seek a visa to come to them , not to seek work , but to retire . 
  they might make it more difficult to seek work in the eu , but that was n't what you were saying ( and it would be fair enough if they did ) . 
  particularly not likely to turn someone down for retirement there if they are as wealthy as cameron . 
  at the very least , the process would not be particularly difficult - it makes no sense for it to be . 
  what you are describing with spain is the schengen area , which the uk is n't part of anyway . 
  when i go to spain i still have to show my passport to the nice man in the glass box . 
  it 's hard to deny the feel-good factor of a borderless europe if you do n't have to deal with the downsides ( everything that has a positive impact almost always also has a negative one ) . 
  at this point i should say immigration is not a pet issue of mine , but it is unfortunately the main topic when we talk about leaving the eu , so i 'll give it the next few paragraphs to argue the side `` britain '' ( you do n't need me to tell you it 's not all of us , i 'm sure ) is taking . 
  you are familiar , i 'm sure , of the notion that every immigrant who comes to country x to do an unskilled job represents an unskilled worker from country x who continues without a job . 
  if unemployment amongst the unskilled is relatively high - as it has been until recently - it rings as particularly bad that nevertheless foreign workers will come and supposedly work for less money ( able to because , for example , their families are back home where the cost of living is a fraction of what it is here ) . 
  some even , if you believe the newspapers , willing to live two families to each room and work under the table for less than the minimum wage - able to , because of the living conditions they will accept , as it 's not so bad compared to whatever situation they were in in their home country that let them come here . 
  not even the most pro-immigration advocate would argue that british workers should start doing the same ( not because the british are superior !, 
  no one should have to live like that ) . 
  people do n't tend to believe this sort of immigrant comes from portugal , but the idea seems more attractive when framed about the poorer former communist countries in the east . 
  it might be accurate or it might not be ( it 's certainly not true of all of them ) , but it 's the idea people have . 
  one solution for an unskilled worker not being able to find work is to go back to education - but that costs money and you need an income from elsewhere to be able to do it , realistically . 
  remember that the uk is one of the richer countries in the eu , although probably not the richest . 
  it makes it one of the target countries for economic migration from the rest of the eu . 
  in any marketplace , the increase in supply of labour without a similar increase in demand ( as would happen in a boom - but not the recession/flatlining we 've been having ) implies a suppression of wages . 
  it might be because of immigration or it might not be , but it is a fact that the cost of living in the uk is increasing ( more demand , perhaps ? 
  ) , without a similar proportional increase in people 's pay .
