oh , so it 's a question of different worlds . 
  i think that this might be why people in the us are more sympathetic to uber than europeans seem to be as well . 
  my average experience with a taxi , especially in large areas like nyc has been a dirty car , rude driver , little to no english knowledge , and always tells you the `` machine is broken '' so he can get you to pay cash and rip you off ... 
  i guess that 's why uber was invented in the us :d, 
  genuine question , is there a review system in place , and do poorly reviewed drivers get their taxi license taken away ? 
  my bet is on no , because i have never once entered a clean taxi . 
  in the us , a taxi has to have some weird medallion thing , and those are pretty expensive , and i believe drivers have to pay into those . 
  so to boot them for bad reviews would be a fiscal issue given their financial stake in the work . 
  uber does n't have that problem , drivers are at the mercy of customer feedback , and it shows . 
  always clean , always nice . 
  my experience is in the us , btw . 
  to the end user it 's much more efficient . 
  i use my app and drop a pin , it tracks where my driver is , i get to write a shitty review and block that driver if he is rude or car is messy , i get a fare estimate in the app , it 's cheaper , etc. 
  wait ... what ? 
  oh sorry , i assumed terror since i did n't imagine anyone would actually ask for * proof of gender segregation in islamic countries . 
  * i mean , do you ask for proof when people tell you the sky is blue ? 
  or are you just at that level of uninformed ? 
  it is general practice not to have to cite things which are common knowledge . 
  i 'm from iran - it and every surrounding muslim state practices gender segregation in every facet of society . 
  there is no muslim majority state in which gender equality exists . 
  a vast majority have gender inequality written into law , and those that are not legally divided are divided de facto , such as turkey . 
  again i have no idea why you would require a source for that , when a basic familiarity of daily life in the muslim world would answer that question . 
  my suggestion about google.fr stands - it takes 15 seconds , and if you truly are n't aware of gender segregation 's prevalence in muslim communities it is n't lack of proof , it 's your unwillingness to seek it . 
  oh the irony of a frenchman asking this . 
  [ this took 5 seconds on google ] ( http://tonyblairfaithfoundation.org/religion-geopolitics/reports-analysis/report/global-terrorism-2013-dominated-four-groups ) . 
  global terror dominated by four groups you say ? 
  i wonder what common tie they all share . 
  google.com , and google.fr ( in case you 're allergic to americanski ) . 
  if you do n't like internet sources you can always walk out your door , walk to the nearest synagogue and ask the heavily armed guards why they 're there . 
  something not being true for 100 % of the people in a demographic is not a good reason to turn a blind eye to obvious , proven , trends . 
  advocating for the `` solution '' to a jewish `` proboblem '' through deportation is n't wrong ? 
  well , hitler would do well as a british mp . 
  if you understood anything about the un you would know that it 's position is due to ethnic ( arab ) and religious ( muslim ) blocs voting against israel . 
  beyond that , those two blocs have coaxed european nations along with threats of `` the oil weapon '' since the 1970s . 
  the un is n't a paragon of virtue , it 's a reflection of the prejudices of a highly divisive and illiberal world , and vested political interests . 
  not on this issue . 
  i visited turkey last year on april 24th . 
  liberal istanbul college students and professors and conservative rural folk are united on one topic from my experience : armenian genocide ? 
  the issue is you go from conservatives saying it 's dirty armenian lies to liberals saying it 's a misunderstanding and all those women and children just dropped dead fighting in a civil war . 
  same shit different flavor . 
  preconditions are one way to to make sure reconciliation and negotiation go nowhere . 
  ask the palestinians and israelis . 
  well no , they 're literally forbidden from developing offensive projection . 
  absolutely right . 
  if only israel would follow my logic through to the end and demolish palestinian towns from which terrorists come from so we can finally see an end to the issue , 
  mmmm swedes still losing sleep over trump . 
  you guys would have less time to look across the pond if your official domestic policy was n't `` pretend there is no problem . '', 
  wew lad , world leaders afraid of a new less globally involved us . 
  makes sense , you ca n't freeride if the ride stops . 
  i mean , who will prop up defense and aid budgets worldwide at their own expense once the us decides to turn inward and address it 's own crumbling situation domestically . 
  news flash buddy , if the uk was n't part of the boys club that defines and enforces `` war crimes '' judgments it would be facing the same charges on a greater scale for the bullshit it pulled throughout it 's colonial era , same as every other nation . 
  not one place on earth exists without a few war crimes in the closet -- problem is that un etc are only interested in dusting off jewish skeletons because the rest of you , british included , can get away with it . 
  self-ko . 
  savage . 
   your username sounds funny by the way . 
  wew lad , you should n't go pointing to someone having a jewish username as a means of discrediting them after * denying * antisemitism . 
  mixed messages . 
  who cares how jews vote ? 
  why would that have * anything * to do with israel ? 
  italian-americans do n't wrote in berlusconi on their ballots last i checked . 
   funny how you 're arguing that statistical averages cant exist funny how your reading my comments but finding arguments in them that do n't exist . 
  regardless , keep deleting your comments -- it 's the best place they can go . 
   agrees that it 's a breach of international law . 
  yes ? 
  you seem to be under the impression that international law is some universal truth , an ever-present objective moral standard for the world . 
  if it was it would n't be younger than my grandfather . 
  it obviously is n't worth much if it is n't written to be fair and is n't applied in a fair manner . 
  do you go around crying a river about the `` illegal '' armenian conquest and development of nagorno-karabakh ? 
  does the un ? 
  the un and the laws it sets have become another tool for realpolitik , and are employed against the enemies of those not in power -- those who ca n't form voting blocs based on religion and race -- like israel . 
  if `` international law '' was an unalienable ideal , or something to be taken serious , the system in place would n't elevate five nations above the `` law '' and call it a `` security council . '', 
   so the defacto annexation and development of land that is not legally yours is ok ? 
  well , yes . 
  being an american gives me a great glimpse into the actual workings of international law -- ignore it , do what you want , and watch the less powerful cry after . 
   obama should get another mandate . 
  typical eastern europe . 
  if trump wins there 's a good chance american troops in eastern europe stop being there . 
  this is why slovakia is n't great again ... 
  god forbid we have services optimized for a browser that has market share -- i much prefer browsing websites which barely work on dozens of irrelevant browsers . 
  us has no right to ask for vw documents they 're in germany you ca n't do anything about it !!!!!!!!!, 
  -- every german flair, 
  you did n't pose a question worth answering . 
  what is your obsession with jewish voting habits ? 
  you understand that israeli jews and french jews and american jews are * different groups * who vote based on hugely different political climates and the national interest of their place of residence right ? 
  why would the policies of israel oblige an american who is jewish to vote a certain way , and why would the vote of an american jew make the policies of israel - a seperate , sovereign state - hypocritical ? 
  you seem to have this weird elders of zion-esque conception of a worldwide jewish bloc of voters move , or should move , in unison . 
  time to look at jews like every other group on earth . 
  there are right wing french and left wing french . 
  the existence of one does not make the other hypocritical ... do i need to keep track of the policies of the republic of armenia and vote accordingly in us elections as a us citizen of armenian descent if i do n't want armenians to be hypocritical ? 
  nope . 
  does n't work for jews either . 
  `` the jewish community votes '' is a statement you throw out as though every jewish group the world over gets together and votes as a monolith . 
  most nationalist ? 
  i mean if your world consists of west europe and israel then yes . 
  armenia , azerbaijan , turkey , china , etc, 
  * looks at flair * ... stop chasing them . 
  all those judgements handed down by a un general assembly dominated by a major religious bloc who has since the 1970s coerced the rest of the body through its supply of oil . 
  acting like the un * stating it 's judgements * on the gaza war amounts to an objective analysis of israeli activity is sad . 
   i did n't forbid you to agree neither to vote for him . 
  well yes , this conversation started with the fact that your opinion is ultimately irrelevant , did n't it ?
