  an overly sensitive poster who gets defensive when he 's asked not to call someone `` worse than cancer '' over a political arguement on the internet . 
  do n't see * that * too often . 
   where did i say that ? 
  i recognise ukrainian sovereignty and national determination . 
  i live with a ukrainian and never in my life would i call him a russian or expect him to claim to be one . 
   your language describes a bizarre situation where ukrainians and russians are `` one '' when the closest they 've ever been is ethnically similar subjugees or neighbours . 
  it rather sounds like you 've bought into some absurd ultranationalist demarcation of non-russian slavs that simply is n't borne out in reality . 
   interesting view , not one i 've heard before tbh . 
  yeah that 's kind of what i 'm saying . 
   however even if it were the case , what is wrong with wanting to provide governance over ideologically and culturally and ethnically identical people . 
  because a ) you 're not identical , you 're similar , and not all that in many cases b ) they do n't want you to and c ) they are and were politically independant . 
   orthodox slavs were having a very shit time living under ottomans and hungarians . 
  and the russians , too , do n't forget . 
  the empire and ussr were not kind to ukrainians or , heaven forfend , christian slavs like the poles . 
   but in the end , the parallels are artificial and false . 
  and the russian bigotry rears it 's ugly head again . 
  how do you honestly expect non-russian slavs ( or anyone , really ) to agree with you ? 
  it 's such an absurd statement manufactured solely so russia could extend it 's dominion and history shows the sheer absurdity of believing in it again , and again , and again . 
  no sally sensitive , i just happened upon another one of your posts . 
  here 's a hint - if you find yourself calling other members of this forum `` like cancer , but worse ? '', 
  it 's totally okay to step away from the computer for a little break . 
  yeah , just ignore / u/jinx155555 , he 's kind of a closet ultra-nationalist . 
  er , i do n't know how bigotted you 'd have to be not to see the * direct * parrallels in what he 's talking about . 
  this whole `` ukrainians are really russians '' thing * stinks * of imperialism . 
  / u/jinx155555 has bought into the nationalistic myth of pan-slavism because he believes it sets the russian nation apart from others , when in reality pan-slavism and imperial russia 's entry into the first world war was predicated upon their desire to annex slavic lands from the ailing ottomans and austro-hungarians . 
  and , sure enough , scant decades later the soviet union achieved this goal and began decades of enriching the russian-dominated elite at the expense of entire countries . 
  a broad parrallel of ireland 's occupation by england , or ukraine/belarus integration into the russian empire . 
  for goodness sake , there were even scottish and irish prime ministers just like there were non-russian leaders of the ussr , but that does n't mean they were equal under law or policy . 
  if neither he nor you can face this reality , then do n't engage the discussion ? 
  i guess fuck russia and it 's endemic corruption , hatred for it 's own citizens and amoral , war-mongering attitude towards it 's former allies-come-victims ? 
  i love how this is just two assholes finding out there are other assholes in the world and neither knows quite how to act . 
  no please tell us more about your inability to deal with situations in context , it 's fascinating like talk to me about the french revolution only using the battle of kosovo as a leaping off point okay go, 
  when we realize we 've got no argument we abandon it and appear disinterested . 
  * leans against grimey wall looking broody *, 
  here 's a secret : i hate using the word flat . 
  i have to say apartment so i do n't feel like a big dirty chavvy chavverson . 
  he 's been silent for a while , so i 'm guessing you hit the nail on the head . 
  now turn over to page 2 of the *** soviet scrapbook for running from an argument , *** please . 
  laziness in class will be punished . 
  oh well , in that case i agree . 
  there 's a very irritating air of superiority to the whole article . 
  it 's just not all of us are like that . 
  sorry , it 's hard to hear you under this massive brush you 've just tarred me with . 
   why ca n't i find any information about said `` little genocide '' on wikipedia ? 
  it 's quite obvious to everybody what you are arguing . 
  if assuming people were stupid did n't win you any arguments in primary school , it probably wo n't here . 
  when you spin facts to present the narrative that serbia under milosevic did n't commit a genocide or , worse , that it did and you support it . 
  if we 're being geographically honest that 's probably the most accurate description , but historical prejudices still effect these kind of subjective terms in peoples minds . 
  when someone talks about eastern and western europe they 're probably going to be referring to the iron curtain and the soviet 's hegemony over half the continent , until this term becomes irrelevant . 
  which considering the long-since collapse of the ussr and the rise of the eu as the predominant organization in europe has already begun to happen . 
  if you do n't think joining nato is * also * about showing good faith and improving diplomatic , political and trade relations with other member states ( and likely damaging them with russia ) - it is . 
  one of the terrible things milosevic did was enact a genocide . 
  if you want to continue defending that genocide , go ahead , but it 'll just look bad on you and serbs in general . 
  yup , starting to regret already signing up for next week , but the girlfriend and i thought we were going on vacation for christmas so what can you do . 
  yeah , that means a lot . 
  oh i 'm working in toronto now , and the work is voluntary . 
  i 'm just going crazy doing it . 
  i 'm on day 15 of 20 consecutive days of 12-hour overtime shifts . 
  i will eat cooked human flesh . 
  nice one . 
  what ? 
  no it is n't . 
  hooray !, 
  serious question , did they film a part of * charlie and the chocolate factory * there back in the 70s ? 
  i 'm getting serious flashbacks . 
  ukip 's rational , even-handed leader . 
  i 'm pro-eu and i 'll be voting to stay in too . 
  that in mind i imagine that 's mostly careful politicking to make it clear they 're not bending over backwards for the uk while entertaining these negotiations and at the same time not ruling out that they 'll find a way to work on them all . 
  and he 's also doing what all politicians everywhere do : playing for time and hoping the problem sorts itself out . 
  yes , you 're welcome for your complete existence . 
  it 's so nice that you owe the entirety of your being to us . 
  do n't think twice about it , we both know it 's true without being said , do n't we . 
  i 'm not taking away from his badassness at all , but i feel it 's unfair to talk about most badass spies and neglect to mention [ the granddaddy of them all . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sidney_reilly ), 
  the famous story about christopher lee is that while filming his final scene in return of the king where his character is fatally stabbed in the back , director peter jackson would call cut and ask for a retake , saying that christopher needed to emote the action of being stabbed with a loud , theatrical gasp . 
  in his own words , jackson sat there as lee fixed him with a stare and said `` peter , have you any idea what kind of noise happens when somebody 's stabbed in the back ? '', 
  peter said he did not . 
  `` i do . '', 
  lee was allowed to act the scene however he wanted . 
  you 're welcome for creating you , by the way . 
  you do n't have to thank us , it 's enough that we both know you 'd be nothing without us . 
  well fuck , remind me to come by on 4th july and remind you you 're welcome for existing at all . 
  that 's twice i 've seen articles posted in this thread with angus madddison as the sole source ... 
  wow that 's a lot of speculation . 
  what is that based on ? 
  it makes you look like you 're being condescending and snide . 
  why do people add no to the end of sentences ? 
  it always makes them look so negative . 
  you can . 
  you 're from the uk mate . 
  go back to shelbyville , shelbyvillian !, 
  that 's true . 
  i remember a couple of english posters here who felt betrayed and surprised that scotland might vote to leave the union . 
  the no campaign must be eating soundbites like this up . 
   if you 've got proof that nasa believes global warming will result in an ice age , let 's see it , cos it sure as shit ai n't that . 
  if you 've got proof that nasa believes global warming will result in an ice age , let 's see it , cos it sure as shit ai n't that . 
  you might as well have linked * ice age 2 : continental drift . 
  yep , i got it in one . 
  i kind of feel like you 've only got like 3 lines to type regardless of the situation you 're in . 
  did my comment send you into a coma for a week ?
