  yes i 'm saying it 's not purely political - of course political progression has had something to do with it in the same way political progression has something to do with the fact that we do n't toil in fiefdom to our local land barons - it 's a position where women can contribute and they should be allowed to . 
  particularly if , as in these positions you 've listed as `` inherently masculine '' there are n't enough big masculine men applying . 
  no , it was n't . 
  the islanders were british citizens who had repeatedly voted to remain british , but the argentine government did n't care about that . 
  literally 6 seconds of googling would have answered this for you . 
  way she goes . 
  i think it 's less to do with an opinion being `` unfashionable '' or `` political expedience '' ( however the hell that was supposed to make sense ) as opposed to these being positions of need and women wanting to help out . 
  but i mean if that 's the hill you want to die on then i 'm not going to pull you off of it . 
  it 's quite honestly appalling that he thinks he can get away with it . 
  why is it always you day-old accounts who spout this factual incorrect , historically vague , anti-european nonsense . 
  oh wait , it 's because you / u/zlatoto are paid to do it . 
  i hate that we allow a rich man i 've never met to dictate our policy in a faraway place i 've never been to like westminster . 
  i am opposed to my city electing a mayor who i 've never met who does not represent my interests and yet forces his policies and laws upon me and my family . 
  i do n't see why i should allow my wife to have an equal say in our marriage when i know what i want and she ca n't see inside my head . 
  i do n't understand why the left half of my brain deals with memory while the right governs rational thought . 
  how can one side of my brain fairly represent my kids needs ? 
  they 've repeatedly criticised it and said it did n't fulfill the objectives for which it was designed ? 
  they do n't have to magically say `` we dismiss this . '', 
  they 've thrown it out . 
  it 's done . 
  i mean , you do n't like that because it conflicts with your pro-russian politics , but as reagan said to gorbachov : `` tough fucking shit . '', 
  i imagine he 's heard of it but is choosing to ignore the idea in this instance , 
  reading is hard when the article destroys his argument . 
   in february 2009 , a high-ranking georgian official suspected that one german expert , that submitted a research paper to tagliavini , worked for organizations financed by russian energy company gazprom . 
  [ 120 ] [ 121 ]  in september 2009 , before the report was published , former estonian prime minister mart laar said in an interview : '' [ they seem to be ] looking at things from a very , we can say , interesting point of view , forgetting history , forgetting context , and forgetting one simple point : that during the war , no georgian soldier , no plane , no other military equipment left the legal , internationally recognized territory of georgia . 
  it was georgian territory , and no georgian soldier [ left ] the borders of georgia . 
  '' [ 122 ]  before the report was published , a spokesman for russia 's foreign ministry , igor lyakin-frolov , said the russian side had been `` absolutely fair and honest '' with tagliavini 's commission and felt optimistic about the report 's objectivity . 
  he said russia was hoping that the commission would allocate blame to the countries that helped arm georgia , in particular ukraine . 
  he added that russia would consider it `` unfair '' if the investigation divided blame for the war equally . 
  [ 123 ]  eu countries declared in a statement the report was not about apportioning blame , but they stated it could `` contribute toward a better understanding of the origins and the course of last year 's conflict '' . 
  [ 81 ]  georgian state minister for reintegration told the bbc that , although most of the facts in the report were accurate , he disagreed with some parts of it . 
  `` i disagree with the notion that georgia used excessive force in the attack on tskhinvali because , as i mentioned , there are ample evidences of russian deployment and these were not just peacekeepers , so one can hardly judge what is proportionate , '' said temur iakobashvili . 
  `` one can hardly judge what is proportionate or disproportionate in this case . 
  '' [ 124 ]  svante e. cornell argued that although tagliavini 's report did claim that georgia started the war , that should not be confused with the question of responsibility . 
  he also criticised the argument that georgia was legally bound by agreements not to use force , because the mission failed to discuss their validity if broken by either the south ossetians or by russia . 
  cornell also criticised the report for not taking account of the considerable evidence accumulated by scholars such as andrey illarionov . 
  [ 125 ]  in 2010 , yulia latynina , russian journalist , criticised the tagliavini report , saying : `` a war , it turns out , is begun by he [ sic ] who responds to the actions of an aggressor [ ... ] . 
  so when ossetian ` volunteers ' burn georgian villages - that is not a war . 
  but if they [ the georgians ] respond to this , then here you , accursed ones , have started a war . 
  following the logic of the tagliavini commission , the georgians ought not to have responded . 
  even if russian tanks had reached tbilisi , and the georgians had responded , they , the swine , would have started a war . 
  the logic is irreproachable : if the georgians had not responded , there would have been no war . '', 
  latynina argued that according to the tagliavini mission `` georgia had no right to send a single shell into the city [ of tskhinvali ] . 
  but the opposite side had a right to burn down nuli , and that was not an infringement of human rights . '', 
  latynina concluded that the commission showed a `` cowardice '' before `` an international hooligan '' vladimir putin . 
  [ 126 ] [ 127 ]  john b. dunlop concluded that the eu report would have come to different conclusions ( who and when began the war ) if it had taken into consideration andrey illarionov 's findings and documented timeline . 
  dude he 's clearly a troll . 
  gigantic `` who cares ? '', 
   scotland is not a country it 's a nation just like the cape is a nation not a country haha , wow . 
   seems consistent with a right wingy south african/engelsman living in cool brittania `` allow me to state out loud the persona i 've adopted for this gimmick account . '', 
  i was pleased , after hating that song as a kid , to go back and realize it still made no sense as an adult . 
  all roads lead wherever you want , unless you want to go to galway . 
  it 's literally the definition of whataboutism dude . 
  that does n't change just because you really , really want it to . 
  dude east belfast would literally disintegrate . 
  i 'm picturing i am legend style pale zombies shouting `` bout you lawd ? '', 
  as they hurl cans of harp larger at you . 
  at one point you guys in / r/russia are going to have to realize that deflection does n't change other people 's perceptions of you in the way that you want . 
  this only makes sense for both parties . 
  any movement towards european consolidating it 's defensive industries and structures is a massive positive in my mind . 
  it 's also particularly nice to see this merger being taken between france and germany . 
  gorgeous . 
  god in heaven . 
  that has literally nothing to do with what the term `` autocracy '' means . 
  i swear some of you people think you can just drop the word * `` democracy '' * into any random sentence and assume it instantly makes you appear to be in the right . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  i might be an overly callous cunt in this regard but if our stated policy is to refuse illegal immigrants then it 's irrelevant if their home state does n't `` want '' them back . 
  i know it sounds like a cold-hearted solution but it 's a straightforward one and it would take the burden off of our border states who have to put up with so much work in dealing with this . 
  i 've got friends working as translators in montreal . 
  you can be fluent in multiple languages your entire life and still be nervous about making a public fuck-up when someone as important as your head of state and the british pm drop by for a conference . 
  it 's nice to hear big dave compliment our eastern members for a change . 
   the swiss government announced friday ( 4 december ) it would limit immigration from eu countries with a unilateral quota by march 2016 if it is unable to strike a deal with the eu . 
  switzerland is not an eu member , but it is a member of the european free trade association ( efta ) with the eu along with iceland , norway , and liechtenstein . 
  it has signed the schengen agreement , which allows eu citizens to enter the alpine country freely -- and vice versa . 
  so they will prepare this if a deal ca n't be struck . 
  well , * that * turned out hilariously . 
  i suppose if you get caught out you could always try and throw my accusation against you back at me . 
  oh sure , nobody wants to believe information that is inconvenient to them . 
  but i 'm doubting yours because it seems like it 's flat-out fictitious . 
  unlike you , judging from your post history , yes i do , 
  how would you know i 'm not really a 7 foot tall wookie ? 
  it just does n't seem like it . 
  i think he was mocking you by noting you probably downvoted his comments out of spite . 
  hey we 've got no moral ground to stand on , might as well try using the main and blindingly obvious criticism of the jingoistic and economically stunted putin administration against the stable and prosperous eu ? 
  huh ? 
  it did n't work ? 
  gosh , i wonder why ? 
  i 'm sorry , just say what you mean : ukrainian posters are downvoting russian topics and upvoting topics that make russia look bad because russia has started a war in part of their country and occupied another part . 
  it 's so much more straightforward when you say what you mean . 
  welp , see something i do n't like . 
  must be brigading . 
  which , again , seems like something you saw on television instead of actually experienced . 
  yeah again , these feel like opinions gleaned from years of watching television . 
  i feel like your opinions are based less on facts than assumptions . 
  well , you certainly are :-), 
  yeah , okay mate . 
  because your opinions are n't based in fact , that 's why you know nobody can change them . 
  yup . 
  do n't respond to yourself , for goodness sake . 
  it makes you look so incredibly insecure .
