  that 's ... not proof of anything . 
  that 's just you saying you heard that somewhere . 
  just highlighting the silliness of the troll account . 
  do n't take it as an actual attack on anyone . 
  sorry , why would a norwegian have any useful info on this ? 
  i live in toronto now . 
  hearing canadians and americans boast about their drinking culture always makes me smile . 
  oh you sweet , summer children ... 
  still , great picture though . 
  that 's just beautiful !, 
  there 's virtually nothing moscow can do to the eu economically that does n't hurt itself exponentially more . 
  it 's much more dependant on european trade and markets than the eu is on russia , which is n't an affluent market to begin with . 
  nice way to kick off the year . 
   amesty themselves say us bombing is a war crime too no , it does n't . 
   a fact-finding mission to northern syria has uncovered a wave of forced displacement and home demolitions amounting to war crimes carried out by the autonomous administration led by the syrian kurdish political party partiya yek\u00eetiya demokrat ( pyd ) controlling the area , said amnesty international in a report published today . 
  the autonomous administration is a key ally , on the ground , of the us-led coalition fighting against the armed group calling itself the islamic state ( is ) in syria . 
  read your own article for goodness sake . 
  enya with the mad eyes . 
  i honestly expected this to be * my lovely horse . 
  wonderfully reconciliiatory post for this time of year . 
  always surprised i 'd never heard about brandt 's actions until very recently , it was a massive step that certain modern politicians could definitely take example of . 
  how on the cusp is that , exactly ? 
  that 's a pretty massive statement . 
  so if you 're going to throw your hands up and abandon morality to push your politics i 'm going to ignore you as an astroturfer . 
  regardless of your or moscow 's opinion their occupation of ukraine is illegal , and their contra-style insurrection in the donbas is illegal . 
  the sanctions will continue until the west is satisfied with the result , and that 's all that will happen . 
   but it is n't controlled by the ukraine , so this point is irrelevant . 
  you raised the issues of legality and validity and now try to dismiss them as irrelevant . 
  in fact , they 're incredibly relevant , hence the 18 months of sanctions and political hostility between russia and it 's major trade partners . 
   at the same time , if the german government laid legal claim to alsace-lorraine without actually controlling it , the rest of the world would disregard and disrespect that claim , and rightfully so . 
  this is the position ukraine is in - laying claim to a territory it does not control and has neither the force nor the political will to take control of . 
  that 's shameless mental gymnastics and apologism and you 've got to be secretly ashamed of yourself for typing it . 
  moscow invaded crimea and now occupy it illegaly . 
  berlin ca n't simply occupy alsace-lorraine and claim it is theirs when paris is looking elsewhere . 
  that 's simple reality . 
  if you wish to live in the world moscow is building with moves like these , perhaps look into a cheap flight eastward ? 
  if you wanted to trade on the silk road you 'd have to accept kublai khan as your new god , but that does n't mean he is . 
  you 've described a province under illegal military occupation . 
  i 'm not sure why you thought this would change anything . 
   it would have helped if you had read the links you provided so you would n't have made false claims on it . 
  it 's a waste of time for me to respond to it without you knowing anything about it . 
  so no then , you did n't read my links and it 's not worth my time responding to your ignorance . 
  good to know . 
   that 's black and white yes , and fleeing the office is not a legal basis for the pre-term suspension of presidential powers as i earlier quoted . 
  of course it is , because he fled his office . 
  you 're trying to argue that just because you murdered someone does n't mean you * killed * them . 
  good luck !, 
   therefor once again since you do n't learn all too quickly , his removal was illegal as it should have been done by the procedure of impeachment . 
  his legal removal is irrelevant , because he fled his office . 
   that 's not what your links says . 
  a liar too are you ? 
  if you 're not going to read my link why should i bother to read your childish insults ? 
   ukraine has a constitution , it does n't have you . 
  it does n't have yanukovych either , because he fled office . 
   we 're not talking about opinions here kid , we 're talking about legality . 
  indeed we are , which is black and white because the president fled his office . 
   we do n't . 
  shooting started by agent provocateurs , it is unknown who they were . 
  things ran out of hand from that point . 
  we do , [ they were yanukovych 's secret police , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euromaidan#investigation_into_shooters.2fsnipers ) whom he had ordered to kill his own citizens . 
   fleeing his office is not a legal base of terminating his presidential powers . 
  you 've literally no idea what you are talking about . 
  when a president abandons his office , he abandons his office . 
  at this point through his own actions he is no longer able to carry out his duties and is no longer in office . 
   therefor , i repeat again getting tired of this , his removal was illegal . 
  that , like your opinion on his legal removal , are irrelevant , because he fled his office . 
   we do n't know that . 
  there where provokers , but it is never proven that they where government forces , and is in fact highly unlikely . 
  wether they were american , european , russian or opposition people , we 'll probably never know . 
  we do , there were n't . 
  he tried to pass draconian anti-protest laws when people were protesting against him , and then when his own courts struck them down he told his secret police to kill his own citizens . 
  then he fled office . 
   which is irrelevant to the fact him being illegally removed from his office . 
  which is irrelevant , because [ before he was legally removed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viktor_yanukovych#removal_from_presidency ) [ he fled his office . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26386946 ), 
  you should probably have guessed by his username , but you 're talking to a troll . 
  he fled to moscow after ordering his secret police to kill his own citizens . 
  it , like your opinion , are irrelevant . 
  he could have fled from godzilla . 
  the end result is the same : he fled his office . 
  considering the discussion ended when he fled office your opinion on the procedure of his removal is irrelevant . 
  wow is this post ever off-base . 
   it 's astonishing that people think after the coup it 's still not a coup 18 months later . 
   half of the country does n't even speak ukrainian ( whole east ) [ two thirds of ukrainians have ukrainian has a mother tongue , less than one third of ukrainians have russian as a mother tongue , and all of ukraine speaks ukrainian . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_ukraine )  half of these are ethnically russian ( due to soviet relocation programs in the east ukraine ) [ only 17 % of ukraine is ethnically russian . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_ukraine#/media/file:ukraine_census_2001_ethnic_groups.svg ) and [ the only oblast where non-ethnic ukrainians are a majority is crimea . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_ukraine#/media/file:ukraine_census_2001_ukrainians.svg )  and half of these think they are actual russians too ( the rebels ) . 
  out of 27 ukrainian oblasts , only parts of 2 are in rebellion , and in both those oblasts the ethnic-russian rebels are the minority in their own province . 
   not to mention all the founding pillars of ukrainian national identity , which are shaky at best . 
  i 'm not sure what this is even supposed to mean . 
  you do n't see ukraine as it 's own country ? 
  i guess [ start here , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_ukraine ) and then [ keep going . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_culture ), 
  of course they 'll still be able to say that because russia is still occupying one part of their country and funding an insurrection in another . 
  it just wo n't have the same ring of truth to it . 
  you might be tried of hearing that . 
  imagine how tired the ukrainians are of hearing it . 
   ireland was devastated by the influx of people from eastern european nations . 
  society was irreparably damaged for generations to come from poor management of immigration . 
  now , still , there exists ridiculous numbers entering this , and other , european countries .
