  then they had years during the troubles , and did n't . 
  they only came to the table because of the political pressure from inside and outside the uk because they could n't stop the violence . 
  this is what happened . 
  you can accept it or not ( and we both know you wo n't ) but i 'm done trying to explain it to you . 
   i also do n't see why you 're so keen to make the disconnect between the unionist and the british gov , last time i checked they were both on the same side with similar objectives , for ni to remain in the union . 
  because again it shows your general ignorance . 
  the british government in westminster was simply unconcerned with the plight of the nationalists/catholics in ulster - the unionists were actively engaged in repressing them and absolutely unwilling to cede any power to allow fair representation in politics , the judiciary , education or business . 
   in case you 've forgotten already this thread was discussing insurgencies and since the british government and armed forced were the ones who implemented the counter insurgency then they are very reliant . 
  indeed it is you who are trying to take it off topic . 
  i , as i suspect the other guy was doing before he got tired of this , am pointing out where you are very obviously wrong on this subject , and you 'd * know * you were wrong if you did your research like the people you are talking to have . 
  but you have n't , and you seem unwilling to , and you seem unable to admit fault or do anything other than insist your position based in ignorance is the correct one , when it 's just not mate . 
   you are also incapable to recognising that the british government changed and adapted its strategy of what was a very long conflict . 
  during the late 60 's and 70 's the british were very keen not to give in to the violence . 
  what the fuck is this ? 
  the british government happily sent the army into [ do ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_the_northern_ireland_troubles_and_peace_process ) some bloody [ research ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_sunday_ ( 1972 ) ) for goodness sake , this is just sheer stupidity . 
   you seem to think that it was the ira 's violence that lead to the good friday agreement but it was more their survivability . 
  the violence only prolonged the peace talks and made the conflict drag on to say otherwise is foolhardy . 
  you 're literally not reading anything i or the other fella put in front of you are you ? 
  we just told you that the british government was dragged to the negotiating table because it failed to quell the ira militarily . 
  that was the entire purpose of the ira 's actions : political attention and change through their ongoing campaign . 
  and that is exactly what happened . 
  dear god this is so frustrating to explain to you . 
  is there a reason you keep saying nl ? 
   you may also note that the troubles started before nl entered into the eu , but if their were any genuine human rights concerns regarding treatment by the police then the eu courts have the power to protect human rights . 
  ... what ? 
  dude , what ? 
  this is * not * what the echr has the power to do . 
   you talk about the republicans getting everything they wanted , but being republicans becoming and or joining a republic should be the top priority . 
  you 've got a major disconnect between what you think should have happened and what actually happened there . 
  i do n't know what part of europe you were from , but even over here the goals of the dissidents were well reported and their main opponent was as / u/theworldcrimeleague said the northern irish unionists , not the british government , who simply did n't rate ulster as a problem . 
   on the flip-side i do n't see the britain losing much out of the conflict other an a loss in public opinion over events like bloody sunday . 
  see what i mean ? 
   the britain becoming reactionary and unwilling to reform is more a comment on the earlier years of the conflict . 
  but they were this already . 
   but the end under major it had become clear that the ira were too entrenched and that lead to more focus on peace but earlier the british were more confident in their abilities to defeat the rebels . 
  but this flies completely in the face of you saying the violence making the british government less willing to negotiate . 
  he 's moderator of like 5 tiny subreddits but yeah . 
  as if you could n't tell he a lot of time on his hands . 
  ^ moderator, 
  so you 're telling me ordering my soldiers to shoot non-uniformed combatants with huge amounts of public sympathy is n't a good idea ? 
  what is this ? 
  why 're you still here ? 
  what 're you doing ? 
  you think anyone wants to listen ? 
  you think anyone cares ? 
  you were caught son . 
  you 've lost the game . 
  off you trot back to one of your little moderator jobs . 
  what is this honestly ? 
  what do you think 's going to happen ? 
  `` oh shit i 'm getting called on my trolling better attempt emergency evasive maneuvers '', 
  hashtag inner city education, 
   let me know how that works out for you . 
   well i have a map on my wall , and from where i 'm sitting it 's looking pretty swell  i 'm going to assume this made more sense in your head . 
  read a book you dozy twat . 
  yeah again mate , i 'm not interested in someone flat-out lying about his position and the facts he bases his argument on . 
   burden of proof ? 
  you say i 've been lying . . 
  i ask where and you go silent ... and just continue to say i 'm lying . 
  er , i 've repeatedly told you mate . 
  you 're an alt account lying about his politics to further them , and you 're pushing an argument based on false information regarding our control of borders and immigration . 
  you 're also lying about the vote-rigging you out campaigners bury every . 
  single . 
  thread . 
  under . 
  heck , anyone can see this very thread for proof of the ridiculously hypocritical nature of your lies . 
  straightforward enough for you ? 
  terrified that you 'll actually have to substantiate your own position now ? 
  yeah i kind of do n't have to mate , it 's just obvious you 've got an agenda and you 're being incredibly dishonest about it . 
  just like the out campaign has . 
  which is worrying for you guys , considering the burden of proof is on you if you want to change the status quo and right now all you 've got is `` we 're not racist ! '', 
   oh you mean my alt . . which i specifically mentioned in a comment . 
  great work there , colubmo . 
  yeah nobody has to be `` colubmo '' to realize you 're lying through your teeth mate . 
  / u/rentalplan1 , one hour old account , who has done nothing but try to lie to everybody he talks to . 
  er , no mate . 
  like every other person who 's dealt with you since you rolled this alt , i 'm just tired of dealing with someone who 's trying to lie to my face . 
  yeah , sure thing mate . 
   i 'm not the out-crowd . 
  i 'm very much on the fence . 
  wow uh , yeah i 'm not really into dealing with someone lying to my face for his silly internet politics . 
   it 's the first time i 've seen it in the last couple of days . 
  normally pro-eu arguments are upvoted and anyone who disagrees sits at the bottom of the thread . 
  sorry did i not just mention not being interested in dealing with you if you were going to blatantly lie to try and further your politics ? 
  that 's both silly and ineffective mate , jog on . 
   do you really need to be so hostile ? 
  passive aggression on the internet ? 
  crikey , do n't see that often . 
   besides this is like the first thread in forever where pro-eu arguments are n't blindly upvoted while everyone else is quickly downvoted . 
  wow you out crowd are pretty shameless about your hypocrisy huh . 
  the vote-rigging or whatever in every thread is blatant - pro-eu arguments of any nature are downvoted to hell and the opinions of the out posters get top billing . 
  this has been the manufactured status-quo by you guys for a while now . 
  i could post biblical text supporting inclusion in the eu and it 'd get blasted into oblivion . 
  to claim that the opposite is true is pretty shameless hypocrisy on your part . 
  you ca n't seriously be trying to run away from the colours after the invasion of iraq and afghanistan . 
  that 'd be utterly * shameless . 
  all i see is a deleted comment by [ deleted ] . 
  do n't be a prick * all * your life . 
  something about the north/south divide ? 
  inspired by the queen 's favourite band , which as we all know is * guns & roses .
