  this is one problem associated with the european union . 
  er , no we were n't . 
  do you want to try and explain yourself ? 
   i have a question for federalists from we . 
  if there has to be a federation , then there will be a need for even more social transfers ... something like what happened in the case of western germany and eastern germany - pumping bilions of euros . 
  you 're going to have to explain what you mean here because it sounds incredibly vague . 
  *** all glory to the christmas gnome ***, 
  crimea is legally ukrainian by ukrainian laws . 
  it does not matter what the provincial laws of ukraine are . 
  berlin can not back a coup and annex alsace-lorraine while paris is looking elsewhere . 
  moscow 's invasion and continued occupation is illegal . 
  anything else is simply irrelevant . 
  secession is either illegal in every country on earth or requires the assent of the national government , not the provincial one . 
  your arguement is completely nonsensical . 
  no , there is no issue of validity . 
  the russian referendum is invalid and crimea is legally ukrainian . 
  the issue is one of reconstitution or compensation . 
  check out the average wage across us states sometime . 
  you 'll often see posters like ewan critique the idea of a more united europe while never offering any alternatives to the solutions it provides . 
  well said . 
  it 's hard to see how even the major nations of europe will be able to protect their interests in the coming decades against the us , india and china . 
  yanukovych fled office . 
  end of discussion . 
  diplomatically . 
  [ somebody better call kenny loggins , cos this thread 's in the danger zone . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siwpn14ie7e ), 
   i 'm not arguing the legality of it . 
  i 'm simply saying that kyiv deliberately held on to an area in which a significant percent of the population seemed to want secession and denied them their self-determination . 
  it had the legal responsibility to protect the sovreignty of it 's borders . 
  there are secessionists in scotland , brittany and texas , that does n't mean those regions are just going to be allowed to secede by their mere existence . 
  do n't get swallowed by all the spin . 
   they could have simply let them have the referendum and have accepted the outcome whatever it might 've been . 
  instead they fed this profoundly moronic nationalism where one 's country absolutely has to hold on to every piece of of its territory however little worth it has because muh nation and muh pride . 
  oh for goodness sake leave that dehumanizing playground speak at the door , please . 
  / r/worldnews is over that way . 
  kiev * let * them have their referendum on increased sovreignty and * recognized * it . 
  crimea * did n't * have a referendum on secession despite calls from moscow to do so ( surprise , surprise ) the crimean parliament simply declared it and kiev did what any national government has ever done ( and did it a damn sight more bloodlessly than moscow did in chechnya ) to quell the secession . 
   crimea tried to hold a referendum on independence , kyiv trampled all over it . 
  you keep saying this and it keeps being untrue . 
   that does not mean that i 'm going to act like our newfound ukrainian ` friends ' are by definition any better on every given subjects nor does it mean that i want for the wishes and needs of crimean russians to be totally disregarded . 
  this really sounds like you need to take a step back from this , and i mean that without any ill-will . 
  nobody 's treating russia unjustly here - they 're giving the putin administration exactly the same treatment the bush administration got when they invaded iraq . 
   not painting anyone as nazis . 
  sorry but i just detect a strong undercurrent of russophobia on this sub where people reject out of hand any signs of russians asserting any sort of rights . 
  you will detect a strong sense of anti-government bias whenever one government invades an ally and annexes part of it , yes . 
  doubly so when it continues to demonize that country and sponsor a contra-style insurrection in it . 
  this might be your first time on the rodeo , because america and china have both gotten this in recent history and you do n't seem to be aware that they had exactly the same exacerbated complaints of ethnic-hatred that was actually political hatred . 
  you trying to paint this as `` russophobia '' and an inherent hatred of * russians * instead of their government who are unequivocally in the wrong is both disingenuous and dishonest . 
  it 's also well worth noting that germany , like france and the uk , have the ability to quickly upscale their military . 
  russia is essentially pumping all it already can it into with seriously effecting their economy . 
  you could , and you 'd be right . 
  sure but gdp by purchasing power parity is singularly less useful in this ( or just about any ) scenario involving economic power projection * because * of it 's nature depending upon parity . 
   and i 'm not quite sure what you 're trying to gain by being deliberately obtuse and ignoring everything i 've posted but here we are . 
  it states quite clearly that the declaration of independence was contingent upon a referendum which was planned which kyiv trampled upon and overturned . 
  kiev recognized their referendum for increased autonomy , which they had the power to do and which kiev granted . 
  kiev did not recognize the crimean parliaments unilateral demands for secession , which it did not have the power to do . 
   and yes , trying to inject some nuance into the ` fuck russia and fuck russians ' / r/europe circlejerk must certainly seem very shady . 
  it 's not so much that as deliberately mislabeling history to push your own politics onto others . 
   there was a fair case to be made for crimea to be given a chance to have a referendum on the matter , period . 
  russians , however much you might begrudge it , are human too and deserve the right to self-determination especially if the same right had been used by kyiv and ukraine as a whole to change their political status . 
  yes , paint everyone who disagrees with you as nazis . 
  that 's always a sign of a strong arguement . 
  bear in mind that russia and china are holding joint military drills in the mediterranean next year . 
  as a european citizen , i do n't think that should be allowed . 
  is anyone really asking this question ? 
  i 'm not a fan of the putin dictatorship but to question russia 's legitimacy as a major power is willful self-delusion . 
  meanwhile big jezza corbyn wants to dismantle trident and reduce our already underfunded military . 
  i know that 's a tangent but it still strikes my as utterly incredible in this day and age . 
  they 'll respond to accusations of untrustworthiness by saying that nobody is really trustworthy . 
  `` professional integrity and objectivism ? 
  these do n't exist , only naive fools believe in them . 
  so therefore we 're only as bad as everyone else . '', 
  if you can give me a russian media outlet that is even mostly reliable i 'd honestly be very grateful . 
  er , except where it 's completely correct . 
  crimea held a referendum in 1991 , not 1992 , hence the link . 
  the province did not have the power to declare independance , especially devoid of a referendum because as they had determined the previous year :  jan 20 , 1991 a referendum is held in the crimea on restoring autonomy to the region . 
  over 80 % of the electorate participates , of which 93.26 % supported the `` restoration of the crimean assr as a subject of the ussr and as a party to the union treaty . '', 
   feb 12 , 1991 the ukrainian supreme soviet restores the crimea as an autonomous republic within the borders of the ukraine . 
   sep 4 , 1991 the crimean parliament declares the state sovereignty of crimea as a constituent part of the ukraine . 
  and of course during this time we see the same old instigators :  apr 1992 in a visit to crimea , russian vice president rutskoi calls for the secession of crimea from the ukraine . 
   may 21 , 1992 the russian parliament passes a resolution declaring the 1954 transfer of crimea illegal and calling for negotiations on the future of crimea . 
  this move is supported by some russian nationalists and communists in crimea . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to do by `` gaming '' history here , but it looks very fucking shady . 
  they 'll apply the trade tariffs from the date the new free trade area with the eu comes into effect . 
  they 're making it as painful as possible for their ukrainian `` brothers , '' but there 's no turning back this political momentum now . 
  the idea that two years ago this country was de facto loyal to moscow seems like the idea of a madman . 
  in 1991 crimea held a referendum to re-establish the crimean ssr within ukraine , [ which ukraine recognized . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_sovereignty_referendum,_1991 ) in 1994 they held a referendum on increased powers of autonomy , [ which ukraine again recognized . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_sovereignty_referendum,_1991 ) at no point was secession from ukraine an agenda until russia invaded a year and a half ago . 
  privileged observers who followed moscow 's politics were allowed in . 
  the osce was * fired upon * when it tried to enter crimea to observe the referendum . 
  this is all aside from the point . 
  the legality of the referendum is utterly null because of moscow 's actions which have indelibly changed the nature of every outlook on the region . 
  the invasion and annexation is the issue , the referendum , sham that it was , is remarkably irrelevant . 
  so if the situation was entirely different from what it was ? 
  what hypocritical nonsense is this ? 
  this is some bizarre logic gymnastics . 
  argentina invaded a sovereign state , much as russia invaded a sovereign state . 
  i 'm not sure how twisted your logical processes has to be to find kiev in the wrong for protecting the legitimacy of it 's own borders , just as london protected the legitimacy of * it 's * own borders . 
  did a woman beat you to a job you really wanted or something ?
