i do n't think its a bad thing . 
  its just a difference between our continents . 
  i love east coast american cities because they have decent skylines but also look good from the inside . 
  maybe not as beautiful as most european cities but the victorian buildings in the northeast are still more attractive than the western us strip malls and soulless high rises . 
  europe has lots of great architecture but your skyscraper game is honestly kinda weak . 
  either short old buildings like these or slightly less short ugly ultramodern buildings in a small cbd area . 
  north america , asia and australia are doing much better on the skyscraper front . 
  who ever said there was no racism in the us ? 
  racism is literally everywhere . 
  i get their government being shitty but you 're just being fucking prejudiced . 
  as much as i ca n't stand the south , they are n't inherently violent people . 
  they 'd probably just make fun of you . 
  now if you go into the hood in a major us city and start talking about white supremacy , you very well might get hurt but probably not killed . 
  if you want to get killed in the us you should try being a gang member and owe someone money or move onto someone 's turf . 
  but i assume it is completely fine for a man and woman to kiss in public ? 
  you do realize that the us is ranked much less racist than pretty much all european countries right ? 
  it 's just that we do n't have hate speech laws so you get a lot of loud idiots shouting about white genocide and other bullshit . 
  yeah in my school teachers were scared to even break up fights between students both because the parents would sue the fuck out of the county if a teacher so much as laid a hand on a student and because that student might have a knife or something . 
  unfortunately i think my country would take him in . 
  he did a campaign rally for trump , i 'm sure he would be able to get citizenship . 
  i remember it taking me a couple looks to find it but i 'm pretty sure it 's in there . 
  it 's been a while since i set mine and i 'm on mobile now . 
  yeah they focused heavily on the protests in moscow where they were n't . 
  they did mention that `` some '' cities had sanctioned them , i had no idea it was 24 . 
  edit : number typo, 
  rt was focusing on the fact that the protests were not sanctioned and that they did n't have a permit to protest there . 
  the focus was not on the content of the protests at all . 
  pretty sure that is classic espionage . 
  meet a hot woman at a hotel bar , she eyes you but does n't approach , you approach her and flirt , you go back to her room to fuck and you 're basically being worked by her from that moment forward . 
  she can try to get you to give info , wait til you pass out to snoop around your shit , video tape the encounter for later blackmail , or just assassinate you if you 're that kind of target . 
  yeah it 's one thing to purge people from positions in agriculture or education administrations based on political views but when it comes to espionage , loyalty is everything . 
  if there is no loyalty , everything is moot . 
  while i agree that europe needs to build their own unified military , i do n't think we ( the us ) need to leave nato . 
  that is an absolutely horrible idea . 
  i think the only reason that it is being suggested is because trump is in office , which most americans are not happy about in the first place . 
  trump was elected by people with no grasp on geopolitics . 
  he knew he only had to win a handful of states and he won them by talking about protectionism and bringing back coal and manufacturing jobs . 
  it would be incredibly unwise to think that trump represents a new permanent direction for the us . 
  btw , it 's `` with '' and `` catch phrase '' . 
  to say that business insider is equal to a literally state run propaganda machine is a fucking joke . 
  also , the whole `` post-truth '' narrative is something that russia has been pushing for a while now . 
  it 's the basis of their information war . 
  as much as hillary was a piece of garbage , that was clearly meant for those on the far right like neonazis , white nationalists and antisemites , who by and large supported donald trump . 
  the center left in america does n't have the support of the far left like trump had the support of the far right . 
  i 'm an american but we are in a thread on r/europe . 
  what do democrats and republicans have to do with anything ? 
  how about the fact that tillerson was the head of exxonmobil when they were trying to strike a deal with russia to extract oil from millions of acres of russian land , but then came sanctions because of crimea . 
  his direct business interests were thwarted by sanctions and all of a sudden he is the sos of a regime that is friendly with russia . 
  the man does not have the interests of the american people or its allies at heart , just the interests of big oil . 
  i honestly expect the trump administration to end sanctions against russia , the exxonmobil deal to go forward and him to step down to return to exxonmobil to make billions . 
  mattis is literally the only sane cabinet pick in the trump administration . 
  rex tillerson as sos is the most disgusting display of corruption i 've seen in us politics . 
  he represents the selling of american geopolitical interests to big oil . 
  just a reminder that us plastics do n't pronounce patty and paddy differently . 
  when t 's are in the middle of a word they are pronounced as d 's, 
  this is not true . 
  it depends on how close they are to their irish roots or how much they know about actual irish culture . 
  the show is not a documentary you know . 
  his policies are classic fascism in my mind . 
  state intervention to protect the `` true '' dutchmen . 
  and you make a mistake in assuming all of american policy is neoconservative . 
  there are `` moderate republicans '' that have more left leaning fiscal policies and `` blue dog dems '' that have conservative social policies but left leaning fiscal policies . 
  and it 's not like having protectionist policies makes you left wing . 
  trump promised protectionism paired with socially conservative policies and he is still considered far right because of his immigration rhetoric . 
  wilders ' policies on immigration would put him in the far far right here , beyond anything acceptable to the majority of americans . 
  trump is an economic nationalist and wilders is an all around nationalist . 
  definitely different in some ways but they are definitely a part of this attempt to create a new nationalist world order . 
  you ca n't look at the political situation in the west and ignore the fact that nationalism is on the rise . 
  i think it just needs to be smashed before it becomes too powerful . 
  cnn is garbage honestly , and i say that as a left leaning american . 
  they skew center left but have piss poor sensationalist coverage . 
  they are basically a toned-down liberal fox news . 
  wow 7.5 % in one city . 
  soooo scary . 
  go back to / pol /, 
  do you seriously think trump is responsible for job growth or return of manufacturing in the us ? 
  because those things have been on the upswing for years . 
  the man has been in office for a couple months and has n't change any fiscal policies yet . 
  also , while manufacturing returns , it returns with drastically less jobs than it had before . 
  trump is failing . 
  he put out and endorsed a complete garbage health care plan that is projected to see 24mil people lose coverage and costs increase for pretty much everyone but the rich . 
  his immigration bans have been disastrous and have been found illegal and his administration has been plagued by scandal surrounding ties to russia . 
  i want to believe , but i also wanted to believe that my country could n't elect someone like donald trump . 
  i know what liberal democracy is . 
  nationalism and authoritarianism are both incompatible with liberal democracy . 
  typical south african mercenary , 
  i believe they mean liberal democracy . 
  and even if europe falls to right wing populists as my country has , there will still be canada , nz and oz . 
  i could see australia becoming a nationalist shithole but nz and canada seem to have their heads screwed on right . 
  if both wilders becomes pm and le pen becomes president in france i 'm moving to patagonia to live in a hut . 
  i 'll come out in 20 years to see if the dust has settled . 
  ridiculously photogenic turkish protestor, 
  i think it 's hilarious in a sick way that a nationalist politician is funded by primarily by foreign nationals . 
  it 's pretty obvious that wikileaks is being supported by the kremlin . 
  just the scope of the documents and how they have been sifted through to redact names points to a larger project than the small wikileaks staff can handle on its own . 
  could you imagine wikileaks leaking anything on russia ? 
  it will never happen because putin has assange under his thumb . 
  i 'm not saying that the leaks are false or manufactured , but it 's pretty convenient for russia that in the midst of all this hacking stuff a leak comes out saying that the cia , russia 's go-to bogeyman , can frame russia for hacks . 
  there are two g 's in garage and they are not pronounced the same way . 
  learn from democrats in the us .
