  they thought an election against trump would be way easier than against someone like rubio or cruz . 
  look at us now . 
  the ban in the us was baseless and unconstitutional in that it specifically targets a religion by accepting only religious minorities . 
  we are n't even remotely in the same situation as europe either . 
   `` i want there to be fairness in our country ! '', 
  he roared to thundering applause from several hundred supporters at an spd meeting on monday in bielefeld bielefeld is n't a real place !, 
  fake news, 
  people that think that voluntary agreements with other countries somehow detracts from national sovereignty is shallow and baseless . 
  also , i see it less about globalism vs sovereignty and more about nationalism vs humanism . 
  i believe that all people are human regardless of place of birth and desereve to be treated with dignity . 
  i also believe that the global community is stronger united than divided . 
  this has been the trend throughout history . 
  we went from tribalism to villages to city states to kingdoms to nations and the trend now is toward national unions . 
  is there really something wrong with more of the globe uniting ala the eu or nato ? 
  do you realize that nationalism always leads to international conflict , and that the only thing that can bring about world peace is global unity ? 
  if that makes me a globalist then sure . 
  do n't hide what your true feelings are . 
  you 're a nationalist . 
  nationalists are to fascism what socialists are to communism . 
  clinton was not my candidate . 
  i am registered democrat because i live in a city where the democratic primary is more important than the general election ( especially for city elections ) , but i am not exactly aligned with democrats . 
  i voted against hillary in more than one primary race , and have always considered her a neoconservative in policy and an untrustworthy person in general . 
  when bernie lost the primary , i resigned myself to the fact that i was going to hate the next president . 
  i was going to be speak out either way . 
  either way my initial assertion stands . 
  if by half you mean less than one fifth then okay . 
  trump does n't reflect most of us . 
  waaaaay more people are against the administration than are supportive of it . 
  it 's just that most of our votes do n't matter very much . 
  a handful of swing states decides the elections . 
  those just happen to have large white working class populations and issues that trump spoke to ( like manufacturing job losses ) . 
  idk what he said but florida basically fits the stereotypes . 
  except south florida which i loved . 
  i 've been to florida about a dozen times in my life and the time i stayed in miami was the only rime i did n't hate it . 
  for all his flaws , that 's not true . 
  that was hillary 's shtick . 
  you 're only saying this because you support brexit and trump . 
  it 's just complete bullshit . 
  as an american , fools like you with no grasp on geopolitics past `` muh scary jewish globalist conspiracy '' are what 's wrong with this country . 
  you 're going to set us back 100 years on international relations . 
  well i just mean there is a huge selection . 
  every city has multiple breweries and rural areas do too . 
  maryland, 
  meh i disagree as an urban american . 
  i live in baltimore which is part of the 8mil baltimore/dc metro . 
  people in pg county have nothing in common with people from baltimore city . 
  even if you just take the immediate baltimore metro , bmore does n't feel like a city with a 2mil metro . 
  canadians play in the world series too man , 
  [ my favorite authentic italian food ] ( https://peanutbutterfingers.files.wordpress.com/2009/10/i_main_bagel.jpg ), 
  i do n't think it 's on the same level though . 
  i think our craft scene got so huge because of how shitty our macrobrews are honestly . 
  yeah but instead of nyc you will probably be in some small town upstate . 
  thank you for not posting a video of our [ second-most famous music artist ] ( https://youtu.be/oai1v7kafbk ) . 
  also , the wire does not show all of baltimore in its glory . 
  central baltimore is one of the most authentic artsy areas anywhere in the us and our neighborhoods around the harbor are very nice with lots of bars , restaurants and shops . 
  plus the whole city has a very victorian architectural vibe . 
  i mean nothing compared to many european cities , definitely nothing compared to vienna but it 's a beautiful city by american standards . 
  plus it 's a very cheap city . 
  i recommend visiting and staying in baltimore to see what it 's about . 
  you can get the whole washington dc thing out of the way too , the commuter train between the cities is only $ 8 and takes 50min . 
  dude vienna is baltimore . 
  i mean , i 'm pretty stoked as someone who lives in baltimore but i doubt the wieners are going to be stoked about 350 murders a year and serious decades-long heroin epidemic . 
  yeah i mean it 's much nicer than ocean city , md but it 's by no means a party town . 
  it 's very family-oriented and kinda boring . 
  stockholm would be badass if it had 3mil people . 
  ireland 's gdp is very close to maryland 's , and we are one of the richest states in the union whereas alabama is one of the poorest . 
  either sparsely populated or just physically smaller . 
  here in md we are pretty densely populated ( a bit more than germany ) but we are only roughly the size of belgium . 
  eastern ca is basically a wasteland as well . 
  you could always join us here in md. 
  we will take your tax money and give you representation in return . 
  sure it 's not statehood but better than no state , and with dc added we could probably never have a republican in the governor 's mansion ever again . 
  this why clandestine disinformation campaigns work . 
  you ca n't show proof that it is happening because you use clandestine methods to find out about the operation and thus you risk outing your spy network by revealing proof . 
  thus nobody believes you . 
  i think if we wanted to fuck russia we would just have to fund separatist sentiment in ethnic minority-majority and eastern regions . 
  i doubt that people in eastern siberia or the caucuses have the same values as those in moscow . 
  russia 's diverse population could be easily exploited for western benefit . 
  i personally do n't agree with these tactics but if we wanted to use clandestine services to thwart them , that 's how . 
   ye https://youtu.be/q6eorbvdvpq, 
  i 'm all for free speech , but boiling the action of making a nazi salute down to `` moving body parts '' is the most disingenuous thing i 've ever heard . 
  uh , you said something about germany and then posted an article about the uk . 
  have a look at a map bud , britain is n't in germany . 
  when you know you 're wrong , deflect with `` humor '' and sarcasm . 
  clever . 
  i believe you mean `` gay western liberal nazi fascist russophobe '', 
  i do n't own a fidget spinner , but i do spin my lighter between my thumb and middle finger when i 'm just chilling . 
  probably a lot less satisfying since it only ever spins once . 
  it 's almost hard to tell if it 's parody or not . 
  bad english , trumpisms , word salad and a misused american idiom as his username . 
  it 's not even relevant anyway . 
  dark ages could never happen today . 
  we are a global society and when stuff is discovered in china it 's easily learned in uruguay . 
  nuclear war is basically the only thing that could create dark ages . 
  more complex than left-right . 
  political parties change ideals is the point . 
  dude was a kgb agent in east germany . 
  resource rich areas controlled by weak institutions are going to be unstable because people want those resources . 
  the area needs to be strong before the resources are found or ally itself with a strong power to make it stable . 
  norway was poor when they discovered oil but not unstable .
