the falklands * are * british though . 
  i feel more obliged to defend them , and the other anglo countries , before i feel obliged to defend a frenchman or their territory in africa . 
  the 2 % mark is something that * all * nations need to get to . 
  you 're right ; you may not expect war , but it 's ridiculous to not be personally prepared for it . 
  i thought what he said was pretty moving . 
  something along the lines of `` we want to restore full relations , it wo n't be easy , but we want to do it , i repeat , we understand it wo n't be easy , but russia is willing and actively wants to . . '' . 
  i 'm predicting full relations restored within the next 5 years personally . 
  russia is n't the enemy . 
  did n't see your flag on mobile . 
  how do you feel about putin 's speech on trump ? 
  yet another negative of being part of the eu if you 're from one of the richer nations . 
  but hey , at least we can travel to a few countries without needing a visa . 
  in terms of spending though , the usa spends around $ 600bn per year , more than the next 9 nations combined . 
  they are significantly more powerful than russia and made in china , and the only military force that can project power simultaneously in multiple locations around the world . 
  better keep the eue population protected so they can migrate to your country and suppress wage growth !, 
  but realistically speaking , how and why would a nation invade ireland ? 
  you 're literally located between the two most powerful military nations in the world , who are your strong allies , in a world where nothing comes close to their power . 
  how do men would potentially be drafted feel about this ? 
  i am willing to die for my country and my people 's way of life , but dying for some eurocrat ? 
  no way . 
  exactly . 
  we should take the saudi 's wealth , pay off greece 's debt , and distribute the rest between the participating states . 
  it could be advertised as `` the more people who join in , the easiest it gets , but the less you win !, 
  how far will our contestants go this week on `` toppling evil governments that we do n't like '' ? '', 
  oil running out wo n't be an issue for sa . 
  they 've invested in literally everything in the world . 
  you ca n't lose money when you have that much , it 's near impossible . 
  there 's an army of the world 's best financiers guiding their funds . 
  aramco ipo is expected to raise $ 1-10tn . . to reduce sa to its pre-oil state would require a nazi-esque squashing of their economy . 
  obviously . 
  one has a high chance of destroying your motivation , the other has a high chance of destroying your life . 
  `` delete facebook , hit the gym , lawyer up '' is a common phrase fyi, 
  because they 're looney leftists . 
  led by a freak in a pink beret , and consuming so many xenoestrogens that it 's evident in the guys ' round , soft faces , lack of facial hair and non-existent jaw lines . 
  you 're pretty based for your age . 
  they do n't listen , they only squark . 
  i ca n't wait for the civil war !, 
  see [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/the_farage/comments/4zo4dz/owen_smith_to_block_brexit_without_a_second_vote/d6xu9xt ) . 
  our prime minister has already said it 's happening . 
  stop wishing to subvert democracy . 
  honestly , you butchered the delivery across 3 comments but i understand what you were originally working towards . 
  smiled a little . 
  do you mean sarcasm ? 
  got ta saw the branch until it snaps, 
  this is what you get when your generation prefers to discuss how many genders there are . . 
  you conveniently omitted `` hopefully , '' . . 
  if it was illegal , it would not be happening . 
  the uk is a champion of human and civil rights ( slavery illegal for 180 + years , gays can marry etc ) and you 're ridiculous for suggesting that making people work for their welfare is a violation of this . 
  if all three parties agree to it , why not ? 
  alternatively , those receiving the benefits could choose to find a job , or not receive income support at all . 
  the fact that the option to gain experience in a real job exists is a great opportunity to acquire skills to leverage into a position you 're more comfortable with . 
  hopefully , after the number of eu migrants goes down on the back of brexit , our unemployed will have an easier time finding employment !, 
  if you 're on welfare in the uk , you also do n't have to pay for nhs treatment ( it would cost me around ~ # 9 for a dentist checkup , # 8 for each medicine ) , you often do n't pay rent if you 're given housing benefit , and there are a number of other things that you do n't have to pay for when you 're receiving some type of income support . 
  nobody on # 73 of welfare is receiving # 73 worth of value ; they 're getting much more . 
  your point about employed people is ridiculous ; the government is not paying for their life , so they 're not obliged to do anything additional or unpaid . 
  those receiving the welfare want ( need ) it , so why is it unreasonable to ask them to work for it ? 
  chances are these people do not have anything productive to do otherwise , so they may as well give back into the system when they are able to . 
  please give up your citizenship you traitorous fuck . 
  i guess salt is the only flavour i do n't think people realise this is a pro brexit comment , referring to those moaning/making sarcastic remarks as being salty, 
  you 're right , but the hive mind wo n't let your score reach a positive number . 
  we do n't want to build housing for migrants ... 
  unfortunately , these three countries do not have a large body of water and the royal navy separating them from mainland europe . 
  if the uk was on the continent , i 'm certain we would have much more severe issues with economic migration . 
  if any other country was in our position ( the pretty girl of europe , everyone wants to be in us ) then they would also want out . 
  fantastic debate speech ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc9ndcmqjn8, 
  you just argued against yourself . 
  fatty confirmed . 
  seems you were destroyed all over this thread . 
  btfo , please !, 
   china will have a higher gdp than the us within the next 20 years . 
   china will have a higher gdp  gdp, 
  i still do n't get your point . 
  qatar , monaco , luxembourg et cetera have much higher gdps per capita . 
  china will have a higher gdp than the us within the next 20 years . 
  i 'm personally wealthy , and i do n't think any european is looking over the pond in admiration of us wealth . 
  how personally fucked would your family me if they all simultaneously contracted a life threatening disease and required $ 1,000,000 s of health care ? 
  i know it would absolutely destroy the lives of millions of americans . 
  your salty responses lead me to believe that you 're a fat person . 
  did you even read that article ? 
  at least make your banter realistic . . 
  leave him alone . 
  it 's dangerous to drive a manual when you 're also holding a burger . 
  your country has been paying for years . 
  malmo is a worldwide laughing stock . 
  lack of muslims , brother, 
  it is n't scottish , it 's british, 
  not much of it, 
  what about the black , brown , yellow people with dutch and german passports ? 
  you fucking racist . 
  are you saying they 're not truly dutch or german ? 
  german and dutch are nationalities . 
  would it be ? 
  plenty of countries need their citizens whipping into shape , and a blanket immigration ban would serve as a big whip . 
  gated community ? 
  lol . 
  i 'm just a white collar professional . 
  if you earn over $ 40,000 , insurance will leave you better off . 
  i was also born poor so do n't give me that shit \u2642, 
  neither ? 
  high enough and healthy enough such that insurance would be cheaper than ni .
