  sorry i ca n't afford to a house in london as an early 20s single guy !, 
  yeah , as a high earner more money for me . 
  i can take out health insurance instead of having to subsidise foreigners and people who make bad life choices , via ni . 
  i might be able to save for a deposit alongside paying rent , so i can build a home and have a happy life . 
  just say deus vult, 
  you know in dragon ball z when goku goes into the gravity chamber to train and comes out super strong ? 
  replace goku with the british police and intelligence service , and the gravity chamber with the ira , and you can see why they 're so good nowadays . 
  it would be chaos at the border every morning for the 100,000 s of home county commuters who make up a large chunk of london 's workforce . 
  it 's so boring that you have to instead focus on building one of the two alpha + + cities in the world . 
  one of the arguments for scotland leaving the uk is they will be able to set their own economic policies . 
  with the euro , that 's pretty limited as your interest rates are whatever suits germany at the time . 
  that 's it , widen the divide and push us closer to the anglo union mwahahahahahahahahahahahaha . 
  is uk citizenship + scottish resident for 5 + years not good enough ? 
  the weather is miserable as fuck . 
  really takes it out of you between september - march . 
  no studies have shown that if scotland had a climate similar to london , it 's gnp/capita would be around # 50,000 . 
  trump fans ruin reddit by sitting in their single sub , whereas how many subs have popped up specifically against trump ? 
  how many of the major subs are very anti trump to the point of banning you for support ? 
  how many people summon the straw man in comments just like the one you replied to ? 
  what ? 
  i did n't mention dutch politics, 
  hillary was signed to `` labels '' , trump got money from his fans and himself . 
  chance is n't broke , he just is n't under anyone 's control via funding . 
  democracy flavoured \u2122, 
  or you can be like trump ; the chance the rapper of politics, 
  so you do n't believe in european integration then ? 
  until we erase national identity and racism we can not have a united europe . 
  such as ? 
  english should be the official and only language , and taught in all eu schools to aid integration , but since the eu hates the uk ( and we 're leaving anyway ) it wo n't ever happen, 
  i did n't make a parade float . 
  someone 's salty, 
  you 're in / r/europe , stop speaking gibberish, 
  no that 's referring to black pudding etc, 
  italian pizza is shit anyway . 
  thin and covered in leaves . 
  anyone with a decent job gets healthcare however . . 
  it 's the old official app for ios before they replaced it with the current one, 
  here ? 
  red pill me on lithuania / r/europe, 
  not in alien blue, 
  what part did n't you understand ? 
  the typo ( woman ) ; or that women are much less likely to speak out against the narrative , or hold opinions which might make them unpopular with their friends ? 
  do they have a military strong enough to resist ? 
  who 's we ? 
  edit : macedonia . 
  i wish people would account for the lack of flairs on mobile . 
  i do n't < 3, 
  i assume they 're likely women who do n't want to speak out , perhaps not even wanting to admit it to themselves . 
  i 'd rather the government massively incentise the native population to have many children . 
  # 1000 per kid so long as your grandparents were born in the country . 
  plenty of bad romanians . 
   out , out , out !, 
  the list of countries for trump 's ban was drawn up by the obama administration, 
  send them to madagascar . 
  sorry , there has to be a solution to no documents . 
  off to somalia or some shit . 
  what advantage do rapey muslims bring ? 
  do n't you care about the impacts on society ? 
  divorce rates through the roof , men leaving their marital bed to go watch porn , young men desiring gorgeous women and accepting no less . 
  birth rates through the floor , so you import the third world , eventually erasing your own culture . 
  do you see no issue in a highly sexualised society , or do you choose to ignore it ? 
  do you seriously not see the difference between highly sexualised behaviour , that is evolutionarily novel , and football ? 
  you do n't even respond to my points , it 's almost as if you read what you want to read . 
  have a good day bakers . 
  i 'm thinking of society as a whole , not just my own family . 
  i do n't believe anyone should be doing this . 
  what 's the benefit ? 
  why does it need to go so extreme ? 
  just as bad, 
  there 's a difference between children seeing people in swimwear at the beach , and witnessing a gay bear in a leather military uniform waving a 15 '' dildo . 
  i 'm not against homosexuality , just degeneracy . 
  the exact same goes for heterosexuals . 
  my parents took me , i was a child . 
  i do n't get offended per say , but i believe that children should n't be witnessing this , and adults should n't be partaking in this type of behaviour, 
  i grew up in manchester , which has a famous gay pride parade . 
  i 've attended 10 + times and witnessed first hand what i 'm describing . 
  obviously not all gay people do this , in fact very few , but there are enough of them to form a parade . 
  edit ; thank for stopping by . 
  enjoy the comment thread . 
  one thing i have noticed is that my conservative comments start to get upvoted from the late afternoon . 
  it 's almost as if the students leave reddit and the people with real jobs who experience the real world come in does anyone else have the opinion of `` i do n't mind if you 're gay , but i think it 's really unacceptable to parade around the city centre in leather hot pants and nipple piercings declaring how gay you are '' ? 
  same applies to heterosexuality . 
  straight up degeneracy is not good for society , families , population growth , happiness et cetera . 
  awesome , thanks for the contribution . 
  i 'll check out the documentaries . 
  i 'm not an expert in the matter , just a young man who loves his country this [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_overseas_territories ) might give you a better answer tl ; dr they chose to stay after the empire disappeared , they 're happy to have elizabeth ii as their head of state , and we 're responsible for their defence and foreign relations , but other than they they 're essentially independent states . 
  they 're just there in case we go to war . 
  thank you based ascension island , you were critical in btfoing the argies . 
  uk is the country . 
  england , scotland , wales and northern ireland are more like states within it . 
  [ soon . . ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/49/d3/33/49d3330b4f5fc5eb1594bbec39c17b35.jpg ), 
  yes due to a majority uneducated third world muslim population . 
  been to paris 5 times in 3 years between 2012-2015 and it was dirtier and more muslim with every visit . 
  i 'd hope that if we had that situation over here , people would have taken action already . 
  they 're honestly in way too deep and i 'm sure areas of belgium and sweden have it worse . 
  do n't , it 's not funny, 
  `` i 'm happy with your life in the uk test , your background check , mr azir ; and now for the bacon butty test . '', 
  the fuck am i reading , this is reddit , you ca n't say that here, 
  germany 's trade balance has sky rocketed since the introduction of the eu . 
  where 's your eton ?
