  westminster college ? 
  frankfurt has nothing on london . 
  these people are at the very top of the finance industry ; they 're not going to want to live in frankfurt . 
  your city does n't have the means to entertain and captivate these types of people . 
  we 're just two guys on the internet , so lettuce not speculate and see how it plays out . 
  why ? 
  ayyyyyylmmmaooooo . 
  yes . 
  like he said , 700,000 britons living in spain . 
  big monies . 
  not all muslims !!!, 
  just a billion of them . 
  when the freed slaves went there , they enslaved people using the plantation method they learnt in the usa ... fun fact ; do you know if you projected the murder rate of the black population of the usa , to assume they 're 100 % of the population , the country would have a rate similar to the african countries . 
  if 100 % white ( in reality , 55 % ) the rate would be that of a european country . 
  but people are equal , it 's just the educational differences and the fact that the white man ruined africa / s, 
  it was established by the usa by people who believed that blacks should go back to africa after becoming free . 
  europe would respect liberia for this reason , and i may be wrong here but was n't the country formed after europeans took control of the west african coast and given it back ? 
  does liberia even count ? 
  ( joke about germany being full of brown people ), 
  i 'm not talking about china ' billionaires , i 'm talking about every day , normal people . 
  now you 're just trolling me . 
  are you refuting the quoted text ? 
  i 'm not arguing better on all fronts , that 's subjective . 
  however , i think it 's fair to say , and most will agree , that whites are known to be much more humanitarian and caring than the han chinese . 
  ctrl + f `` britain '' first result ; `` britain followed in 1807 with the passage of the abolition of the slave trade act by parliament . 
  this law allowed stiff fines , increasing with the number of slaves transported , for captains of slave ships . 
  britain followed this with the slavery abolition act 1833 which freed all slaves in the british empire . 
  british pressure on other countries resulted in them agreeing to end the slave trade from africa . '', 
  that was n't difficult . 
  i 'd prefer if you made a counter point , rather than comments like this . 
  no progress is made by moaning . 
  the chinese government literally harvests organs from prisoners to sell for profit . 
  they are not known for their humanitarian efforts , whereas britain sailed around the world abolishing slavery . 
  who the fuck downvotes a comment like this ? 
  antifa ? 
  people who do not belong in our countries ; not born here , do n't have skills we want , are against our way of life or would refuse to integrate into our society even if they meet any of the aforementioned conditions . 
  i 'd prefer if you made a counter point , rather than comments like this . 
  no progress is made by moaning . 
  not a clue !, 
  as a webdeveloper , that website offended me . 
  instant click off . 
  this wall of text better explains what i mean ; http://www.westernspring.co.uk/the-coudenhove-kalergi-plan-the-genocide-of-the-peoples-of-europe/, 
  `` there 's a man in a balaclava walking around your back garden , he 's holding a baseball bat '' `` yeah but has he broken in ? 
  stop being paranoid . 
  fucking anti-break in people '', 
  why the fuck do they think that ? 
  i want to live in the usa , but i do n't see any americans offering to ship me over on a boat and defend me from ice . 
  these people are n't fleeing war , they 're fleeing a shitty life that themselves and their ancestors created while europa and the anglosphere flourished . 
  it 's an implementation of the kalergi plan . 
  google ` kalergi plan ' . 
  it 's an implementation of it . 
  glonass master race, 
  and it only happens because eu policy is decided by feelings and emotion , rather than logic and objectivity . 
  except judaism right ? 
  they can do whatever . 
  suck that freshly cut baby dick , rabi !, 
  obviously no sovereign eu state uses it , but muslims have their own sharia courts and that 's what people are referring to , smart arse . 
  nice . 
  does wilders have a good chance of winning a sizeable number of seats ? 
  http://wahl16.bmi.gv.at/ results coming in here, 
  you , the flag . 
  you live in the mountains in extreme average wealth and vote to reject ` refugees ' settling in your towns . 
  just wait until you have places like tower hamlets and calais . 
  remember , * syrian refugees * , not military age men from north africa and across the middle east . 
  source ? 
  that made me not hungry . 
  based poland, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_year%27s_eve_sexual_assaults_in_germany there are many more . 
  i do n't understand why people refuse to open their eyes to this . 
  oh well , thank fuck for the channel . 
  yes , [ seriously ] ( https://i.sli.mg/mteath.jpg ), 
  strike 3 . 
  you 're on a roll . 
  i hope you 're not swedish . 
  please downvote this so your fellow liberals also wo n't get the message . 
  see , unlike the ostrich left , i read everything from reuters , to bbc news , the atlantic , dm , economist , breitbart and various other right wing sources . 
  i saw brexit and trump coming a mile off . 
  just like many other libs , you 're attempting to discredit me . 
  when will you guys learn ? 
  how many votes will you have to lose over the next few years before you realise ? 
  [ we 'll meme her into the presidency . 
  say that to the women and children who have been raped and killed by migrants . 
  romanian trump i guess . 
  nationalism vs globalism via the eu . 
  same debate the world over is having . 
  romania is currently surrounded by nationalist countries whilst being pro-eu, 
  further increasing the chance of them winning !, 
  when will the left learn ? 
  ironically , in downvoting this you 're building up the echo chamber , which will increase your chance of losing . 
  oh well , i 'm not the one on the losing side . 
  do as you wish . 
  based hungary, 
  they 're just the shit stain on europe 's bottom, 
  but it is n't, 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6d/the_british_empire_anachronous.png whatever, 
  the fuck is an anana ? 
  that 's called a pineapple when you 're speaking english , thank you very much . 
  britain civilised half of the world ; you should thank us . 
  oh , and you 're welcome for all the contributions to humanity . 
  try living in bora bora,
