especially as the prospects are ( polar ) bearish . 
   acceptance of eu is skyrocketing . 
  skyrocketing ? 
  would it actually mean ... that ... poland 's acceptance of eu can into space ? 
  poland can into valhalla !, 
  some parts of belgium too , but you 're right about strasbourg . 
  very convenient in a country that loves so much burning cars ... 
  of course , we can hear that , but they forget to mention a small detail : switching to the 6th republic would require a massive political agreement from most parties , and most citizens . 
  our country is so divided it would impossible to reach . 
  and to change what , in the end ? 
  france is very rousseau-ist . 
  whatever bad happens comes from the society or the institutions , not the individual . 
  hence this permanent illusion for france to imagine a better world and institutions . 
  i believe in a more locke vision of the world , or whoever said the opposite to rousseau in this case . 
  our institutions are good , they could be better on some points ( le r\u00f4le du s\u00e9nat , les commissions d'enqu\u00eates parlementaires qui ne vont pas assez loin , une meilleure ind\u00e9pendance de la justice , la ridicule immunit\u00e9 judiciaire du pr\u00e9sident , etc. . . ) - what is happening is that since around chirac-sarkozy , and now with the ps , our politicians are seriously harming the institutions by refusing to take responsibilities for their past and present actions . 
  no , it has never been so unstable under the fifth republic , which was instated in 1958 . 
  in fact , the institutions have held better while being confronted to other crisis ( algeria war , oil shocks , riots and big demos ... ) . 
  the past few years have seen an almost uninterrupted streak of scandals of corruption , nepotism , incompetence among the main two parties . 
  for the past 40 years , parties distributed fiscal gifts and public money to ascertain their power , while raising taxes or suscribing more loans , with no will to reform or evolve . 
  the conjugation of many elements brought de facto an end to this system , as we ca n't afford it anymore . 
  in france , when you take the power , you take the power primarily to make sure your opponent does n't . 
  and when you hold the power , you postpone issues and transmit them to your successors , while placing your friends in strategic positions , and enjoying the life of a king . 
  on many aspects , french political system is very much like greece 's , with a major difference ( until now ) : france is very good at collecting taxes . 
  ( many syntax errors and mistranslations , sorry je being tired ) let me state it differently , and mark my words : french politics are like game of thrones , maybe with less physical murders ( as we live in an era where pictures or stolen confidences can be more lethal than daggers ) , but with much more corruption , plot twists , living dead , dragons and sex . 
  ( and the comparison is appropriate , given the fact that got is actually loosely based on the capetian dinasty ), 
  i read this with john cleese 's voice . 
  you brits always have the last word :d, 
  i disagree on blaming this on uncle sam . 
  you should point the finger at saudi arabia , and qatar . 
  also , ousting ghaddafi and letting lybia go down the toilet was due to france and uk . 
  not our finest hour . 
  i do n't think sarkozy would do any better . 
  the main infuriating point is how we spend so much in nuclear military capacities , while all this money could go to ground forces and spec ops . 
  but then again , france never really realised 20th century was over ( and in some other areas , it is still stuck in the 19th ... ) also , letting qatar bankroll every damn terrorist group in the world and be friends with that country at the same time is shameful and disgusting . 
  that 's it . 
  to everyone else , courtesy of one single simpson 's quote ( which is significant of this world 's pitiful level of culture ) , we are the cheese eating etc. 
  but then we actually kick some terrorist ass , we suddenly are evil warmongerers nostalgic of colonialism . 
  make up your mind . 
  also , when we intervene , they say it is for our `` economic interests '' , whereas the areas of operations are located in barren lands , with almost no natural resources , in the poorest countries of the world ... 
  estonia , we love you so much you even had your nationality represented in tintin ( the books , not the movie ) : szut , the one-eyed pilot ( a good guy ), 
  `` or else we will be very very angry with you , and we will write you a letter to tell you how angry we are ! '', 
  [ i 'm the scatman !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6oxw_yiv6g ), 
  does this mean ... poland can into space cakes ? 
  any lotr memorabilia !, 
  inexpensive and light , like stamps or cheap figurines , i do n't know . 
  yeah , thanks poland , at the end of the video i yelled `` kurwa !!!! '', 
  that would be an ecumenical matter, 
  girls !, 
  drink !, 
  down with this sort of thing !, 
   a military to protect you from the evil french . 
  [ ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqfzwflovqa ), 
  i agree , but i 'm not sure why exactly cod 2 is better than the mw series . 
  i remember . 
  this is for my brother !, 
  - kills a nazi - and for my cousin !, 
  - kills a nazi - and for my fiancee !, 
  - kills a nazi - and for my dog !!!, 
  - kills a nazi edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=b2yrktlwbqy#t=336, 
  the `` joke '' also applies to us french . 
  is a bank holiday really useful given the unemployment rate ? 
  `` the le pen send their regards '', 
  * i ca n't believe the news today ... *, 
  37 % participation is far from being sane . 
   mindesthaltbarkeitsdatum sometimes , i wonder if the german language was not composed by cats jumping on keyboards ... 
  thanks !, 
  what 's a protoukr ? 
  n \u00b0 1 rule on the internet : unsourced claim is bullshit . 
  paternity tests are not illegal , they are legal in four cases , including paternity claim : http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/test_de_paternit%c3%a9 i admit it means you ca n't do it behind someone 's back since you have some paperwork to fill . 
  these guys in that plant are not an union , they are more like thugs . 
  and what they are doing is counterproductive for them too . 
  granted , she was very tough , but the thing is we came to a point where for france : it 's either thatcher , or le pen . 
  ( personally , i love mr bayrou for his logical and middle of the road approach , but he does n't stand a chance . ), 
  change . 
  france . 
  can not compute / can not compute / can not compute / warning : nearing critical mass course of action : go on strike and blame the ugly capitalists , bankers , immigrants and foreign countries ( especially if they are of protestant culture ) . 
  answer to your edit : you obviously got neuralized :3, 
  different movie , but that 's the spirit :d, 
  i like the `` do n't worry '' part . 
  this , mon ami , is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  literally . 
  no no no no no ... france is not highly unionised . 
  unions have much less members than our european neighbors , they just are more vocal , and generally , less efficient because in france , you go on strike , break everything before starting negociations , so once you finally sit to discuss , you have absolutely nothing left to bargain or threaten with . 
  * cough cough * subprime mortgages * cough *, 
  a person is smart . 
  people are dumb , panicky dangerous animals and you know it . 
  fifteen hundred years ago everybody knew the earth was the center of the universe . 
  five hundred years ago , everybody knew the earth was flat , and fifteen minutes ago , you knew that humans were alone on this planet . 
  imagine what you 'll know tomorrow . 
  good for us , because we have absolutely nothing else ( except for a kick-ass army , but it is only useful abroad ) . 
  because it was 225 years ago , and one would expect some kind of progress since then . 
  france : parisian shrug :, 
  we should have an answer in about a week , for our traditional `` burn the car '' yearly event . 
  and in other news , no one was harmed in marseille this week . 
  there is now a silent competition between marseille and detroit for which one of them can go the longest without a drug-related assassination . 
  america , come with me if you want to live !, 
  because being a smoker is the best excuse to take breaks at work , nom de dieu de putain de merde !, 
  [ it 's beginning to kick in , ted !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=kay2v1ao9xg#t=266 ),
