last time they had to form a coalition we ended up with a creationist as a minister of education . 
  i 'm still fucking bitter about that . 
  do n't delude yourself that they 're any better - i remember 2005-2007 and i do not want to go back to that time again . 
  at this point i 'm voting for burning the whole place down because there is n't even a fraction of a party that is good for this country . 
  we 're in a desperate need for fresh blood in politics . 
  singaporean seems to appear rather often here . 
  mine were : our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  singaporean 2 . 
  australian 3 . 
  irish ( republic of ) our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  romanian 2 . 
  english 3 . 
  greek, 
  oh god , now i 'm scared to check what our entry is . 
  [ mazurek ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mazurek_%28cake%29 ) from poland . 
  we have something called church fund . 
  the money they get annually varies but we 're talking about numbers such as 80 million pln . 
  priests get retirement money covered 80 % -100 % by public money ( varies by position ) . 
  not to mention many public departments such as police , fire stations , prisons , etc have priests hired . 
  so yeah , parasites . 
  some people are really put off by blood in their food . 
  that bread looks awesome , by the way , would eat . 
  i 'm also amused by people who have no problem with sauerkraut but are disgusted by [ polish pickles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pickled_cucumber#polish ) . 
  in poland downloading and watching streams is actually legal . 
  it 's the sharing part that can get you in trouble . 
  so direct links , watching streams are ok . torrenting , sharing links , streaming to other people is not . 
  that 's because gwiazdor is regional . 
  they say gwiazdor in wielkopolskie but not in majority of lubuskie for example . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're telling me i 'm wrong , but i use firefox as my personal browser and chrome for work ( i 'm a web developer ) because it makes it easier to keep different sessions for the same service , and this setup makes comparisions between them much easier . 
  so yeah , in my personal experience ff takes much less memory when the usage is comparable . 
  and i guess this is partially due to how it was designed ( multi process vs single process ) . 
  in my case ff takes much less memory ... and i have a crapton of addons for it . 
  and only adblock for chrome . 
  i 'm in poland and my connection is 1 mbit/s down , 0,5 mbit/s up . 
  i live 20km from a bigger city and they get more normal speeds , like 50mbit/s down and such . 
  i wish i could have a better connection but there is just no incentive to modernize their networks . 
  he wanted to say poll instead of pole , is my guess, 
  and right now in poznan there 's a pro-immigration thing going on , but i 'm not there so i do n't have any pictures . 
  estonia , since it 's closest to the nordics , hahah . 
  czech rep would be fine too . 
  i swear we 're getting better though - slowly but surely . 
  after us events significant part of my facebook friends have rainbow pictures , including both of my bosses . 
  all young people though and we 're on the western side . 
  i bet things are different in the east . 
  do n't feel bad , that 's exactly what it is . 
  laughing thru tears here . 
  it 's from 2016 so it 's probably after a lot of weird reports regarding immigration and your attitude towards it ( you 're seen as very ... tolerant of even destructive behaviour - at least that 's what media likes to play up here ) - i guess you 're seen as too naive ? 
  something like that, 
  yeah , what 's with the pinkess ? 
  you guys are so rosy , it 's ridiculous, 
  my childhood was chock-full of monty python , mr bean and allo allo . 
  that shit stays with you forever . 
  you guys were my favourite folk when euro '12 was on . 
  such great people, 
  they often get confused with gypsies , would be my guess . 
  you sound like straight out of r/iamverysmart, 
  bishops can say whatever they want , but what they say should not be ground for immediate and eager change of the law , that 's what the person was arguing . 
  we do n't really have much of a road ethic , sadly - your only way is to get the police to give them tickets, 
  this would be a really fun to watch shitshow if not for the fact that i fucking live here . 
  the marketing for deadpool was nonexistent here , while planeta singli was pretty noticeable . 
  my viewing was still full , though , and i had a blast . 
  i wonder what we 're giving in return ... 
  oh , now that you mention it , there is n't even live street in germany , right ? 
  i totally forgot about your privacy rights ( which , quite frankly , i 'm a little jealous of - every time i go to london i feel creeped out by all the cameras ), 
  the cameras and bigger police presence on the main train stations could be a good idea - if only to discourage and identify people who do this shit . 
  but this is small scale , they 'd probably just move elsewhere ... 
  your argument is about funding when theirs is about being forced to join the army for a while . 
  increasing funding might be a good choice , but army of people who do n't want to be there . . ? 
  no , we have to sacrifice the climate for country 's stability . 
  hopefully the talks about nuclear energy will be successful soon . 
  we ca n't use solar power , wind or water . 
  we do n't have gas . 
  but we do have coal . 
  there really is n't much choice . 
  this is about weighting climate over pretty much survival for now . 
  i was still under 18 and very bitter about it . 
  there was a reason they called early ellection . 
  i hope they 've learned their lesson but there 's not much hope . 
  just look at what jk is already saying . 
  there are - however the issue is - even the previously ruling party would n't do things like making the law more strict . 
  the new one though ? 
  their president already vetoed law that would help transgender people transition . 
  they are full of ill-informed homophobes . 
  their president is either severely misinformed about in-vitro or he 's deliberately misinforming others . 
  i 'm more worried about regression than lack of progress in this case . 
  that makes my latarnik results really confusing to me then ( razem and nowoczesna both 1st place , zjednoczona right behind them - i was sure nowoczesna was leftist , looking at that ) . 
  nowoczesna is technically left-wing though , is n't it ? 
  any issues i genuinely care about - invitro , lgbt rights - are for sure blocked for 4 years . 
  there will be more talk about religion and funding it ( they are already talking about having religion exams on our matura exams - which would be fine if it was about all religions - but this probably is n't going to happen ) - which does n't sit right with me at all . 
  that and our position in europe will probably weaken again - they are eurosceptic and will probably try to fight just about everything . 
  relations with germany will probably get worse . 
  i just hope they will have enough brains to shut up about smole\u0144sk , conspiracies and all that . 
  fuck this shit , i 'm going to get blackout drunk today . 
  this genuinely scares me and pisses me off . 
  i do n't know the [ first two ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wpq0gww.png ), 
  i 'm happy you 're getting something out of it !, 
  this country is depressing lately . 
  i 'm sure even if some stay , most will emigrate again . 
  hell , i 'd emigrate if i did n't have a house here already . 
  right now i 'm just hoping the current government gets a kick in the ass in the next elections .
