  i know that lots of data can be looked up by government employees at a whim , without any authorization or reason . 
  just because they can . 
  in theory a supervisor should control what they looked up , but as more and more employees are fired , that 's too much work . 
  in reality the employees are able to look up incredibly personal and private information about any citizen . 
  time spent in jail , earnings , bankcruptcy , sickness , visits at the doctor , operations . 
  it 's all there , just a click away !, 
  i do n't know how this data will be accessed , but i 'm almost entirely sure that it will be abused . 
  that 's probably not a problem anymore . 
  i 'm 90 % sure that the right wing candidate is going to win , now that trump has won . 
  no , i did n't even know what to do with my `` wahlinformation '' . 
  i ca n't take it seriously anymore , i could probably throw it away as surely some shit is going to go down . 
  was oida ? 
  i did n't know that !, 
  that 's completely different then . 
  that 's interesting timing because there is a scandal in germany now because they found fibronil in eggs . 
  it 's somehow toxic and they 're destroying lots of contaminated eggs right now . 
  and considering this that even the `` allowed '' meats have concerning amounts of antibiotics in them . 
  just think of how bad this horse meat has to be . 
  that 's gta in real life . 
  yes , it 's the same for us , exactly as you described it . 
  these subjects should enhance whatever the students would like to know from other fields of study . 
  i made a mistake , i looked again at one of the study plans and it was 180 ects ( that 's a credit system that we use in europe ) for the bachelor overall . 
  of these 180 ects you can choose 44 as free c subjects . 
  but still , this is a lot . 
  what i 'm studying allows for 9 ects for example . 
  and as i said , you can choose anything you want . 
  for example `` protection from avalanches '' . 
  this amounts to a few pages of the same questions that come every year . 
  you just learn them in one afternoon , pass the test and there you have 4 ects . 
  you misunderstand . 
  these are not `` mandatory-elective '' , those subjects can be chosen completely free of restrictions . 
  they can choose lectures from any field of study , does n't have to be related to their field of study . . and therefore 40 % of those studies could be filled with anything , maybe opted for easy tests . 
  it makes it far easier to complete it . 
  mandatory-elective subjects are great , i 'm all for choosing specializations . 
  but this is depending on the students and therefore rather lenient compared to other fields of study like economics or medicine . 
  to all the people downvoting : he has a point . 
  yes , women study education and health and all that jazz . 
  but i noticed also that they study subjects that would make most people scratch their heads . 
  things like `` finno-ugric languages '' . 
  those subjects are a joke . 
  of 100 hours that have to be completed , 40 hours are free to choose . 
  so they can do `` asterix and his portrayal in the media '' or `` vampires in media '' . 
  both of these exist at my university . 
  you can even choose `` percussion instruments '' as a subject . 
  i do n't know how this can be allowed , in my field of study we 're only allowed to choose eight hours freely of 100 . 
  anyone who ever walked by a language institute where these subjects can be studied knows that this is studied by almost exclusively women . 
  but to each his own , i wo n't judge . 
  i know of women who study archeology and they get a well-paying , stable job in marketing . 
  i recently read a report on statistik austria that for the first time , lung cancer was the leading cancer among women . 
  it surpassed breast cancer for the first time , which was always the major cancer for women . 
  in the same report they also said that especially younger women smoked more , although the number of smokers among men had been declining . 
  additionally sick days for women have been rising for the last few years . 
  leading cause of sick days was `` troubles with respiratory system '' . 
  it 's quite interesting to see all those correlations . 
  lastly , graz , the second biggest city of the country has absolutely shitty air and a huge problem with particulates : [ '' in 2013 , a study involving 312,944 people in nine european countries revealed that there was no safe level of particulates and that for every increase of 10 \u03bcg / m3 in pm10 , the lung cancer rate rose 22 % . 
  the smaller pm2 .5 were particularly deadly , with a 36 % increase in lung cancer per 10 \u03bcg / m3 as it can penetrate deeper into the lungs . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/particulates ), 
  this shows that his endeavours are far reaching . 
  i 'm personally against the fact that we live in a world where a single person can have so much money and influence on politics , even if that person was never elected . 
  this goes against any concept of democracy . 
  i do n't like the black and white side of conspiracy theories . 
  it 's not believable to say that soros was responsible for millions of syrians to leave their region and `` destroy '' europe . 
  but you can safely say that he has his fingers in a lot of political organizations and that he openly stated that the societies in europe are too homogenous . 
  and that it 's questionable that we live within a system that grants so much political power and money to single people who were never democratically elected . 
  actually , in austria there are a lot of people who applaud orban for standing up to the eu . 
  i hear this from my personal surroundings and commentary under news articles . 
  i 'm just saying that he 's made out to be as bad as hitler in so many conspiracy theories . 
  that he 's the ultimate puppet master behind everything that 's happening . 
  so i 'm absolutely with you , this makes absolutely no sense . 
  i never realized how widely known soros is . 
  i thought only conspiracy believers knew of him . 
  i never thought about this until an exchange teacher from france came to our class and she said that she was stunned that we have titles on the name tags near our door bells . 
  she then proceeded to shred everything that i believed about titles and since then i 've been hating the title fetish with a burning passion . 
  sometimes i think they even call the wifes of doctors with their title , even though they themselves never went to a college . 
  it 's so embarrassing and stupid . 
  that 's probably true for many other countries near the ukraine . 
  the women there really take care of themselves and put a lot of effort into their appearance ( and their weight ) . 
  ca n't say the same for women in austria and i am a woman , so i can say that . 
  what party was that ? 
  i do n't remember that . 
  yes , it 's just unbelievable . 
  what , how ? 
  i saw so many in london and never saw posters like that . 
  what you 're describing is eerily hitting close to home . 
  we also have different drug gangs , blacks on bikes and arabs who just walk . 
  and there have been a few who tried to use guns last year . 
  i knew because i found empty handgun cartridges in their usual drug dealing park . 
  the news about this was never mentioned in any news show , but i found it buried somewhere in my local news paper . 
  there was n't a shoot out yet , but i would n't be surprised by it . 
  they `` just '' use knives at the moment . 
  i got enough of strange looks when i walked through our usual immigrant quarter probably because i was wearing summer clothes . 
  they 're not bold enough ( yet ) to harrass me though . 
   bizarre events like gay pride parades being rerouted around one of the largest places in downtown copenhagen because the local muslims throw rocks and bottles at the parade . 
  that 's extremely sad and there is not a single explanation why the liberal and left parties would continue to push muslim immigration if they really wanted to protect communities like the homosexuals . 
  i never heard about this before , but i wish this would be more on the news . 
  this makes a lot of sense , but the thing is that i know enough `` old '' people to see that the differences are extreme . 
  maybe tech savy was the wrong word ... 
  i should have said `` able to deal with technology '' . 
  i know a gran who can type messages from her phone , while another who is her age has challenges pressing a green button on her phone or even hanging up her landline phone . 
  there are extreme differences depending on every single person and therefore it 's not enough of an explanation to just say they did n't grow up with it , so of course they ca n't learn it .
