  according to [ statistik austria ] ( http://diepresse.com/home/wirtschaft/economist/1441592/spo-will-allinvertraege-beschraenken ) 20,2 % of all contracts are `` all-in '' in my country . 
  no , do n't you know all-in contracts ? 
  where do you live ? 
  how can you not know this ? 
  i think the problem is that there has been such an extreme shift that happened over one , two generations . 
  people in their 20s or 30s know that their grandparents have a house , often only the father worked and it was enough to sustain a family and a house . 
  they know the stories of their parents and grandparents of the easy job market . 
  my parents were hired out of school and got amazing , stable and well-paying jobs with virtually no knowledge at all . 
  they bought their apartment and got a really great deal for that . 
  times have changed so fast . 
  now there is mass unemployment , all-in-contracts where young people work like slaves , doing the job that two people should be doing . 
  politicians that are corrupt to the core . 
  and even then , it does n't matter what they 're doing , in the end the eu makes the important laws . 
  voting does n't seem to be as significant as it once was . 
  overcrowded cities , insanely expensive houses/apartments , insecure jobs , inflation , a failing economy , global warming , declining population . 
  in some eastern european countries the expactancy of life has even declined in the last years . 
  the refugee crisis is the cherry on top in this huge clusterfuck . 
  europe is still doing relatively well at the moment because of its wealth that was amassed in the past . 
  but wait until the wealth of the past is gone and these conflicts slowly bubble to the surface ... 
  it 's happening already . 
  and to the people who are in favor of mass immigration : what is going to happen when the muslim minority becomes a big minority and then slowly almost a majority , are they going to forget about their cultural values ? 
  will they accept women without hijab ? 
  i 've seen women with a chador for the first time in my life last week . 
  for the first time in my country . 
  how progressive are these people ? 
  in my city there is a parallel society . 
  they have their own grocery markets , hair dressers , restaurants , clothes shops , mobile phone provider shops , jewelry stores and their own mosques . 
  you would n't see them in an austrian shop . 
  they 've built their own infrastructure and provide everything they need for their own kind , from food to supplies to services . 
  i 've heard they even have their own sharia courts . 
  not sure if this is true in my city , but maybe for others . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't understand people who would favor such a development . 
  you could say this about a lot of places . 
  germans , 80 million wealthy people who love to travel - they 're everywhere . 
  i was at a turkish ressort and the main language there was german . 
  this also happened in greece and italy in certain places . 
  i wonder how many german i 'll hear this summer in ireland , not so much i guess . 
  that happened to me as well . 
  i travel abroad to get to know new cultures , not more germans . 
  many refugees or people from those countries are n't vaccinated . 
  one of the first measles epidemics a few years ago started in berlin in a kindergarten . 
  it was a muslim boy and he was n't vaccinated . 
  you can look this up , it 's usually swept under the rug . 
  but it 's not only tree hugging hippies who cause this problem . 
  this is a quote , i did n't say that . 
  i 'm just surprised by it . 
  did you know that hitler said that it would 've been beneficial if germany had adopted islam as its state religion ? 
  because it puts value on being a hero . 
  and christianity is only a hinderance when the main goal is to conquer other countries . 
  so your comparison is actually not that far off . 
  please , for the health of your brain , stop using logic when it comes to anything that has to do with austrian politics . 
  this could get dangerous . 
  the rohingya , right ? 
  they are n't even recognized as citizens . 
  i live in austria and i just use google maps and choose the 3d view . 
  generally that 's enough to see where i must go and what the region will look like . 
  the resolution is pretty good and detailed . 
  that 's how they were able to get into their position . 
  this must be so frustrating . 
  do you smell the pollution or otherwise feel it ? 
  here there 's a certain stink in the air on the worst days . 
  it smells like old , burnt oil . 
  i know about the investments of china into renewables . 
  i was n't surprised though , china really seems to be far more advanced than our media likes to portray it . 
  i have to disagree about the air pollution though , it 's a huge topic where i live and there 's news about all the time . 
  i compared our numbers to beijing and there was still a huge difference . 
  what the heck ? 
  we have about 120 and there 's been news for months about it . 
  it was even a topic in an election that we just had . 
  i think one day it was shortly above 300 . 
   trade not aid , debt forgiveness , economic partnerships - all valid mechanisms to improve the lot of individuals who would otherwise risk it all by illegal migration into the eu . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i thought of the typical kind of aid , like charity stuff where they relieve some pain , but it never changes the underlying causal structures . 
  this is a bit off topic , but micro credits and energy on demand seem to be working well . 
  give enough money to individuals so that they can set up a business or give poor people the chance to have some energy when they need it . 
  it empowers the poorest of the poorest , but i guess that 's where the change is really needed . 
  hopefully this time the first time voting will be enough . 
  the continuing lack of consensus and any action at all is why i believe that europe will be crushed by countries like china , usa and russia in the long run . 
  just look at the pityful state of the economy in europe , it 's already happening . 
   surely the long term answer here is to make the countries these people are leaving safer & more economically sound , for all our interests ? 
  and how ? 
  why is it the responsibility of other countries ? 
  i agree with the underlying statement that every human being should have a safe and economically good life . 
  but it 's so hard to force a state from the outside into something if the people living there are n't ready yet . 
  that would probably be revolutionary as it would have a huge impact on those countries . 
   egypt 's economy mainly relies on these sources of income : tourism , remittances from egyptians working abroad and revenues from the suez canal . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egypt ), 
  thanks , i read about it but forgot that the student was from turkey . 
  that 's just how they are , happened to me . 
  right next to my parents on holiday . 
  they 're completely shameless , they have no respect for anything but themselves . 
  and even that i doubt . 
  i would n't put too much emphasis that innsbruck seems safe because it 's small . 
  there are refugees in every last corner and it seems very obvious that this act was carried out again by this particular group . 
  when i turn on the news i hear refugee here , refugee there . 
  in every village , in every smaller or bigger town . 
  it does n't matter , crimes are carried out everywhere . 
  i was harrassed in a rather `` good '' part of my town , something i never expected . 
  now i know better . 
  in leoben a young woman was raped , a tiny little city .
