because all the things you listed are either far away or will happen/get worse in the future . 
  people always care most about what 's happening right in front of them . 
   this `` sharia police '' was literally a few idiots putting on orange vests yes , you 're right . 
  they did n't do much . 
  but germany still has the monopoly on power and enforcing the laws and it should be made clear that this is the way it works in germany . 
  laws must be enforced or they could just as well be abolished . 
   if you could , i could just as well sue those wwf guys asking for donations every day in the pedestrian zone . 
  i kind of wish that this was forbidden . 
  in the 90s it was still allowed for them to go from door to door , but then it was forbidden . 
  i still think it 's harrassment if they wo n't stop bothering you on the street . 
  sadly , they 're mostly poor college students who need the jobs and they 're not at fault . 
  i 'm not sure if this is a topic of this video , but the shipping from german shops to austria on amazon is so fucked up . 
  a few years ago almost all shops would ship to austria . 
  then slowly a message started popping up : `` this trader does n't deliver to your country '' . 
  at first it was only small shops , then the message showed up for products that were delivered by amazon itself . 
  then there 's the other extreme . 
  there are some shops that bill 20 or even more than 25 $ for shipping to austria . 
  even if it 's only a small product that costs less than the shipping itself and that could be put into a letter . 
  it 's obvious that some shops do n't want to ship to my country then . 
  no one will pay 25 $ for a necklace in a letter . 
  i do n't understand why this is happening . 
  some say it 's because of all the stupid regulations that exist in my country ( for example festplattenabgabe ) . 
  but they 've been there before and it was n't a problem then . 
  that must 've been truly horrible for him . 
  are n't they talking about putting off family reunion completely ? 
  i thought that it has ended ? 
  i have n't read enough about this in the newspapers though , i only saw some headlines . 
  many volunteers think they should be paid and i think so too . 
  a suspected war criminal ? 
  incredible . 
  i understand , waiting for something that 's so important must be frustrating . 
  when i read interviews from refugees in asylum centres , they all say the same . 
  that they need something to do , they 're wasting their life there . 
  do you remember the man last year who killed two people in an ikea in sweden ? 
  he was denied asylum after waiting for so long . 
  this really has to stop , why does it take so long to process those requests ? 
  that 's interesting , how do they try to game the system ? 
  do you mean they pretend that they 're younger so that they can get asylum easier or something like that ? 
  i did n't know there were also tutsi , they must have a rough live in their home country . 
  i 'd probably flee too . 
  thanks for your answer , it was really interesting . 
  information like this ca n't be found in newspaper articles and i always appreciate comments like these on reddit . 
  this makes me anxious , we have many foreigners who are openly dealing with drugs in broad daylight . 
  the police does n't do anything . 
  and recently some fights broke out between rivalring gangs , they used knives and guns with blank cartridges . 
   that means closing germany 's borders to new arrivals for the time being . 
  it means beginning an orderly deportation process for able-bodied young men . 
  it means giving up the fond illusion that germany 's past sins can be absolved with a reckless humanitarianism in the present . 
  if you look at the media in germany i agree that there is always this self-flagellation going on . 
  it 's been a part of the culture since wwii . 
  i stopped watching the countless films about the nazi time , they 're all the same , they all have the same message . 
  i do n't know very much about how austria handled its past , but i do n't think that my country is as open as germany about its past . 
  still , as awful as wwii was , i do n't believe for a second that real political decisions are made because of some strange illusion of absolving sins . 
  maybe the media makes it seem that way , but i just ca n't believe it . 
  that would be really irrational . 
  but this is n't an attack on the article as i agree very much with it . 
  what 's so bad about el salvador ? 
   by contrast , europe , with its weak external borders , nonexistent internal borders and a migrant crisis that has brought close to a million and a half migrants into its borders , faces multiplying perils . 
  funny , how this american newspaper states something that should be clear to everyone , yet i have n't read anything like this in an european newspaper . 
   they came poor and , to a large extent , have stayed poor , with little access to higher education and much higher unemployment rates than those of the non-muslim populations . 
  and this is in countries already plagued by high unemployment . 
  they tend to be concentrated in rundown urban neighborhoods that look more like the places they and their forbears hail from -- with their satellite dishes and drying laundry -- than the surrounding neighborhoods . 
  this is so accurate . 
  recently i walked through the immigrant quarter of my city and it looked like turkey . 
  i 'll never understand why the turkish and arab shop owners have such a chaos in their stores . 
  they just put random goods in front of their stores , so much that it takes up a lot of space on the sidewalk . 
  almost like a turkish market . 
  in the shops many prices are missing , shelves are crowded with goods and it 's hard to find something . 
  you saw his children being shot at ? 
  that was an unbelievable coincidence . 
  i guess his wife and children went on their way by themselves because they fear that they 'll soon close the borders ? 
  if i may ask , are you a volunteer in the asylum centre ? 
  how are the people there generally ? 
  interesting , the perpetrator lived his whole life in denmark . 
  when his parents divorced he was twelve and sent to jordan by his mother . 
  he returned three years later , had problems in school and became a member of a drug gang . 
  he seemed to be more religious after his return to denmark and swore allegiance to isis right before the attack . 
  so what i 'm trying to say is that he 's just another muslim who was born in a european country , yet integration failed and he slashed violently back at society . 
  i think you said expressed this really well . 
  we always want justice , that 's just how humans think . 
  but that 's not the way the world works . 
  it 's cruel and unfair . 
  so maybe it 's `` unfair '' that newer generations have to pick up the pieces of their ancestors . 
  but nagging about it and saying that it 's unfair does nothing . 
   so here we are -- stuck with a problem our politicians have given us and to which they have no answers . 
  perhaps all this pointless chatter is just what people do to distract themselves before they have to face up to that fact . 
  this perfectly sums up the feeling that i have . 
  all the articles seem to avoid the one critical and important topic - that immigration is just not working on this scale . 
  and there are no articles about this because there is nothing that can be done . 
  the damage is done and now it 's too late . 
  last week i was driving by a group of foreign teenagers . 
  and one of the boys looked at me , kind of repelled and angry . 
  i wonder how many people look at him in a bad way , i 'm sure many young immigrants do n't feel welcome here . 
  i know there are people who scream `` banana eater '' at black immigrants . 
  and i wonder how horrible it has to be , to grow up in such an environment . 
  i 'm sure i 'd hate the people who always looked down on me my whole life . 
  maybe even so much that i 'd be willing to hurt the society on a big scale . 
  i think many young immigrants may feel uprooted , they have no real home . 
  they do n't fit in here in europe nor do they fit in at their home countries . 
  they have nothing to hold on to .
