  this is brain drain , simple as that . 
  a medical student wo n't slave away for 3,5 years being the cleaning lady and all-around arse in some regional hospital . 
  those medical students will go to another country where they are treated the way they should be . 
  colleague at work knows a medical student who 'll be in new zealand for one year and then a year in canada , circumventing the 3,5 years of `` education '' in austrian hospitals . 
  and it 's just the same for many other students . 
  knowledgeable people with far ranging social networks in other countries wo n't just stay and pray for things to get better . 
  many students have two citizenships . 
  a friend of mine has a norwegian and she plans on going there in two years . 
   this kind of attitude just ... just baffles me . 
  the migrants and young men who are coming to europe are so often criticized for not staying and fighting for their country you ca n't really compare this . 
  these are two completely different situations . 
  and to be perfectly honest , on an individual level i understand the refugees 100 % . 
  i would do the same . 
  but on a collective level this is n't going to work . 
   unemployment , expensive housing and corrupt politicians are enough to abandon your home country ? 
  yes , they are if you want to have a family and provide a better life for your children . 
  and obviously it 's only going to get worse . 
   prosperous austria maybe right now if you compare it to poorer countries it is prosperous . 
  but as the unemployment rockets upwards , more and more companies fail and with the refugee crisis as cherry on top , you do n't have to be a genius to know that wealth is n't something god given and that austria can be just as fast a poor country as it happened to greece . 
   but you do realize that young people who are so keen on chasing the largest salaries across continents are part of one of the many problems that are facing europe right now , rather than the solution , right ? 
  do you know college students or people with an academic education yourself ? 
  because then you would know that money is only a small part . 
  this goes far deeper . 
  punish the educated and mobile portion of your society as a state and they will leave . 
  the people who want a bigger salary are n't the problem . 
  the problem is the austerity policy that is squeezing every last drop out of the citizens and the governments who let corporations bully them into doing them . 
  blame them , not the small people . 
  it has changed europe already . 
  i do n't believe that they 'll start sending them back . 
  there was a girl from some eastern european country that was sent back and there were mass protests by foreigners and austrians alike . 
  it was a catastrophe for the government . 
  i think in the end the girl stayed . 
  i talked to an afghan who tried to sexually harass me . 
  that was quite bizarre . 
  he said his whole family stayed behind in afghanistan , he was working in a turkish grocery market and he always sends money home . 
  he came from a big family . 
  a lot of other families do this . 
  because they are n't really living in a warzone . 
   but to let them integrate they should life next to natives other wise they defenitly wont integrate . 
  this makes no difference . 
  i mean of course , at first glance it does . 
  but in a city there is no connection between neighbors , aside from saying hello when you meet them in the hall . 
  otherwise everyone does their own thing . 
  and most foreigners live in cities . 
  how do you want to keep the number of foreigners under control ? 
  they ca n't be sent away , you ca n't just snip your fingers and make them natives . 
  integration has horrendously failed . 
  in my opinion the only option is to abandon the sinking ship . 
  ah , if it was easy , i would 've been gone already !, 
  i was talking about the immigration . 
  how is it in southern europe ? 
  i do n't know that much about it . 
  only that it 's of course bad in greece and also italy . 
  also , if you replace a big portion of the population you 're able to create chaos and an incoherent society . 
  you can use `` divide et impera '' then . 
  just look how well this worked with the tutsi and hutu . 
  they certainly have . 
  or at least central europe . 
  yes , exactly . 
  also , this does n't have to be confined to higher paying jobs . 
  sales people also often work so long with the ridiculous opening hours of certain shops . 
  i explained it here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4luexn/why_is_europe_so_fed_up/d3rdwgx, 
  i searched around in statistik austria . 
  overall number of 20-35 year olds : 1.814.371 people who do n't have austrian citizenship : 379.903 so 21 % of people in that age group do n't even have the citizenship . 
  yet this numbers are almost completely useless . 
  first , many foreigners have already the citizenship . 
  second , they are concentrated in the few cities . 
  in my city 44 % of all births are from mothers with a migration background , [ source ] ( http://www.statistik.steiermark.at/cms/ziel/103034632/de/ ) . 
  last year around 90.000 foreigners entered the country , almost all of them men of a very young age . 
  compare this to the ~ 380.000 foreigners that were already living here . 
  in that age group that 's huge . 
  and since the beginning of the year another 20.000 have come . 
  and they 're almost all men . 
  so last year ( data from 1.1.15 ) there were ~ 380000 foreigners in the age group of 20-35 my country . 
  now it 's a plus of 110.000 . 
  that 's almost plus 30 % of the those that were already here . 
  and this happened within a few months . 
  just think how this is going to continue . 
  they 're making up a bigger and bigger percentage of the population with their high birth rates ( 44 % ) and how they enter this country . 
  please , if i made a mistake somewhere let me know . 
  yes , right now it wo n't happen . 
  but in my city currently 44 % of all births are from foreigners and of those mostly from arab countries , [ source ] ( http://www.statistik.steiermark.at/cms/ziel/103034632/de/ ) . 
  if you want to , i can find the source for the arab countries as well . 
  and if they 'll continue this way it will be more than 44 % . 
  then their children will also have many , many children . 
  i visited a kindergarten last year and almost all of them were foreigners . 
  the wealthier people in my city put their `` white '' children into expensive christian kindergartens . 
  they also put them into much more expensive catholic church schools when they get older . 
  yet they turn around and say we need more diversity . 
  hypocrits and liars , that 's what they are !, 
  the children were incredibly sweet by the way and more than half talked german . 
  so if all of them are this way then it will be ok , then they 'll be able to integrate . 
  i just hope most of them are like this . 
  maybe it 's called different in prague ? 
  here 's a definition : so-called `` all-in '' contracts are contracts which pay a lump sum for both regular pay and overtime work : the idea is that the lump sum covers `` it all '' . 
  it was originally thought for leading positions when they had to work overtime . 
  if you work overtime you should be able to take time off . 
  but in reality workers are too afraid to take time off and they are exploited this way . 
  type it in in google . 
  i did n't know it a few years ago , but it 's getting more common .
