  so i understand that they 'd turn to a religion , something to give them an identity , a community where they 're cherished and welcomed . 
  i read an interview by a young , highly intelligent terrorist from france . 
  he said that people would look down on him , but when he came to his church everyone greeted him and even if he did n't know another muslim , they 'd be brothers through their faith and this is something that connects them . 
  i ca n't remember his name though , maybe someone could tell me in a comment ? 
  in the meantime , here is also a good article about the [ isolation ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/paris-terror-attack-isolation-fuels-the-anger-of-young-muslims-in-the-most-wretched-parisian-a6737081.html ) that muslims in france face . 
  so there was a deep frustration with the french society from which he felt rejected and he found companionship and social coherence through his religion . 
  but this is dangerous . 
  it 's the same for every group with extreme beliefs - they promise friendship and a place to feel at home . 
  but those are only promises to lure in more vulnerable , innocent people to spread their beliefs . 
  they abuse the weakness of their members . 
  now do i think that every single muslim church in paris would do that ? 
  of course not , that would be stupid . 
  but there is certainly a huge number of dissatisfied immigrants in europe , who have been rejected by our society and they 're the perfect reserve from which to recrute potential extremists . 
  just look at the news about so many young teenagers who have been lured to go to syria !, 
  it 's insane . 
  and not all immigrants are the same . 
  this , again , would be a vile and useless generalization . 
  but there are certainly people who do n't want to fit in and maybe they 're ok with that . 
  though it does n't help a country if there are parallel communities that exist completely removed from the rest of society . 
  sure , it 's comfortable and secure , but how does it benefit a country if its society is shattered into a million pieces ? 
  if there is no social coherence ? 
  i have to be honest , this development is bigger than we know . 
  it 's unprecedented in history and people do n't know what to make of it . 
  they flee into havens of security , for some it 's pegida , for others it 's the extreme left . 
  they react to a completely new development with old behavior patterns . 
  this ca n't work and obviously it does n't . 
  it 's a difficult question . 
  how do you separate the normal muslims from the extremists ? 
  how do you treat this problem ? 
  how many immigrants can europe handle ? 
  how to prevent terror without sacrificing freedom ? 
  how do we defend ourselves , yet stay true to our modern , western values ? 
  how do we treat traditions like female genital mutilation that is happening right here , in [ europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/female_genital_mutilation#europe ) ? 
  how do we combine our values of religious tolerance and things like these ? 
  is that even possible ? 
  these questions should be answered , yet they 're avoided ( not completely , but i do n't see the discussion that i want to see ) . 
  i think this may very well be the end of europe as we know it . 
  or has n't it already happened ? 
  the problem is coming from within and i 'm not surprised that people talk about israel . 
  this is another hot potato , it 's so easy to make a stupid , not thoughtful comment about the situation . 
  but i think it 's a good example for a torn , incoherent society that is stuck in a position where there is no moving forward or backward . 
  hate is destructive , it tears everything down and leaves only more hate . 
  i do n't want that and maybe this is naive , but i do n't want to live this way . 
  i 'm not going to generalize all muslims and i wo n't give in to my fear ( it 's true , i 'm afraid , confused and i 'm worried about the future ) and go to a pegida demonstration . 
  i 'll still treat all human beings with respect , but i 'll also look out for myself and i 'll read more and i 'll inform myself . 
  i 'll take part in discussions and i wo n't stick my head in the sand and hope that it will just blow over . 
  sadly , that 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  i have far cringier stories . 
  i ca n't hear this excuse anymore , that men just have certain urges and we as women should n't dress a certain way if we do n't want to put out . 
  that 's so disgusting and disturbing , i do n't understand people who think that way . 
  as you said , there is much to be done when we talk about sexual harassment . 
  it should never be minimized and victims should n't be shamed when they speak up . 
  thank you . 
  but obviously deemed something that should be downvoted ... 
  i have read this paper already , what a coincidence !, 
  people are oblivious . 
  and i can easily imagine a good portions of austrian males downvoting this . 
  because , as i said , it 's a huge no-no to talk about this in my country . 
  so if i speak up no one will listen . 
  recently i was asking for advice because a professor was treating me weirdly and i get a sniff of victim blaming , as someone said that i must have dressed skanky so i should n't be surprised if i 'll get looked at . 
  and they 're racist as well . 
  but i have to admit that i had many bad experiences with foreigners , so i 'm biased . 
  do n't you know that sometimes the ethnicity is left out in the police reports to avoid discrimination or so as not to upset the people ? 
  did n't you read about the 10-year-old boy that was raped in a public swimming pool in december and the police did n't make it public until january because they did n't want to pour oil into the fire ? 
  it is stated clearly that in 175 cases austrians are under suspicion . 
  then 25 asylum seekers +43 people from other countries . 
  and the remaining 100 are probably foreigners as well , otherwise they would be named as austrians . 
  and lastly , just because someone has austrian citizenship , does n't mean that that person was born in austria or has really changed their values to fit in with our socierty . 
  you can read about the rape incident of the boy , i tried to link to a news article but my comment was removed . 
  just google for `` boy rape swimming pool austria '' and you 'll find plenty of sources . 
  i do n't understand why people are still denying this . 
  there is such a huge stigma connected with rapes and foreigners that carry it out . 
  you ca n't speak openly about it or you 'll be branded as a racist . 
  maybe not openly , but you 'll definitely be judged silently . 
  there has been some change since k\u00f6ln though , thankfully . 
  it 's only 51 % of the cases . 
  and the other 49 % ? 
  austria is n't made up of 49 % non-austrians . 
  so the remainder of the crimes were commited by a small minority , that should n't make up 49 % of all crimes . 
  why is that something that has to be explained in every thread ? 
  it 's basic statistics , no matter on which side you stand . 
  i think that 's interesting . 
  i think it 's important in general to know the history of a lot of things . 
  it gives them a deeper meaning and context . 
  you remind me of someone i know who studies communication and german . 
  she puts a lot of effort into analyzing texts and finding the hidden meaning behind it . 
  source ? 
  i think the turks brought coffee to austria during an invasion . 
  since then there is a whole culture that has developed around it with many variations of coffee and baked goods . 
  oh yes , i 've been to corfu many times for my summer holidays and the drunk brits are insane !, 
  it 's really stupid . 
  yet another instance where technical progress is stopped by slow , anachronistic people . 
  do you mean that the votes were forged in some way ? 
  or that the people are going insane ? 
  i believe that trump had it pretty easy with clinton as opponent , there is no way that he would 've won against obama or some as charismatic . 
  that 's a good analysis . 
  but what is a black swan event ? 
  i suspect that trump is going to use the system to enrich himself just as any other person did before him . 
  after reading through this , i 've got the image that he sees women as objects or some kind of home appliance that serves him meals , sex and unconditional admiration . 
  they should depend on him and they should n't question him .
