  i could go on . 
  it 's everywhere , do n't fool yourself into thinking that it 's only limited to vienna . 
  i 'm a woman and i do n't give a single shit about this wording . 
  who cares about insignificant stupidities when there are real , serious issues at hand ? 
  why are n't you upset by the men who attacked and assaulted these women ? 
  why would you spend energy on arguing about semantics ? 
  i realize the power of words and meanings , but in this case it 's way over the top . 
   it 's not how europe is it 's not how europe was . 
  those times are over , these new kind of people are now a part of society and they 're here to stay . 
  and if they do n't integrate then this will be a permanent change . 
  as of now , there is no known way to integrate them . 
  so why discuss all of this , as if it was just a temporary thing that will pass in a few years ? 
   unfortunately not an uncommon viewpoint from feminists these days . 
  i think people just have a hard time changing their beliefs and looking at reality . 
  because that 's uncomfortable and difficult , it 's easier to pretend that an endless police presence is possible . 
  that 's true , but this goes back to the core of the problem : how do you integrate young men who come from a patriarchal society into european culture ? 
  as no one has found an acceptable answer before , the next best thing is to be defensive . 
  and that means sending out police men at night to defend women . 
  and you 're right in that it 's regressing women 's rights . 
  but at least this is just the general direction of europe , just back into the middle ages . 
   this was a culturally anchored act of revenge . 
  i agree very much with the whole comment , but this stands out to me . 
  what happened in cologne was n't meant to be for the sexual gratification of one particular man , it was a mass assault on german women . 
  an act to demean and degrade them . 
  a lashing out against a foreign culture . 
  because i never ever ever hear about a turkish/iranian/whatever woman who was raped by an `` asian '' looking man in austria or germany . 
  it 's always , always a woman with european ethnicity . 
   i 'm going to tell you what the centrist coalition is going to do for the next two years : nothing . 
  you 're underestimating them . 
  they 're very busy lining their own pockets and leaving as little behind as possible . 
  because they 're shit at governing a country , but they 're excellent at cronyism and corruption . 
  absolutely , everyone speaks hochdeutsch . 
  it 's insane , no one speaks bayrisch anymore there . 
  maybe germans , but croatia is hugely popular with austrians . 
  especially for sailing trips . 
  but that goes for english , french , italian and other languages as well . 
  i would never be able to speak english fluently if i had n't watched english films and practiced it myself . 
  from friends and family . 
  and from witnessing it personally . 
  i just noticed the incredible number of houses for sale in dublin this summer . 
  but that 's great if there are enough jobs . 
  absolutely , i agree 100 % . 
  as i said , the new employee was paid too little , but he would never know . 
  do you know `` adam ruins everything '' ? 
  there 's a whole episode about work where he also talks about the stupidity of keeping wages private . 
   yalla , yalla i have n't heard that one . 
  that 's interesting . 
  here everyone is complaining about the orf and everyone says that all the shows and films are of poor quality and boring . 
  they wish they did n't have to play for it . 
  that 's harsh though , it 's not so bad . 
  did you get german channels as well ? 
  it 's been months since i 've read it . 
  i tried to find it , but nothing turned up . 
  maybe it 's different in new zealand , but people generally do n't talk about their income in austria . 
  it 's very private and a well kept secret . 
  it 's rude to ask others about their income . 
  even work colleagues do n't know what the others are earning . 
  when i was doing an internship , i had to look through the list with all the employees and their wages and i was told repeatedly that this is very confidential and no one can know that i 've seen that list and i ca n't tell anyone about the wages . 
  no wonder , the cleaning lady earned almost 50 % percent more than the newest employee who had way better education . 
  it 's general thought to be in poor taste to speak about money in my country . 
  austria is voting who will be the `` federal president '' . 
  i hope i translated this correctly . 
  there have been elections earlier this year and the left wing candidate won . 
  but the right leaning candidate said that the elections were rigged and interestingly , after doing some research , they found out that he was right . 
  i forgot why , but i think i remember that some votes were counted more than one time or more than two times . 
  it was rather strange . 
  so they said let 's do the election again . 
  we should have voted for the president on another date this year , but then they found out that there was a problem with the absentee ballots , something about that they could n't be closed properly because of problems with the glue . 
  then they moved the next time to vote to the 4th of december . 
  and i do n't trust that , i 'm sure something else will `` happen '' . 
  i looked it up , at statistik austria . 
  there were 1,975 murder cases per 100.000 inhabitants from 2007 to 2009 . 
  and 1,59 from 2010 to 2012 . 
  the numbers above do n't seem to be accurate , i trust statistik austria more . 
  what 's more interesting though is that the number of autopsys has been decreasing in the last years , but the number of `` unexplained '' death has increased , you can see it in this [ graph ] ( https://images.kurier.at/46-67064811.jpg/105.221.465 ) . 
  `` obduktionen '' means autopsy and `` todesf\u00e4lle '' means casualty by the way . 
  once they found an old woman in the woods and she had been stabbed with a knife several times . 
  the knife was nowhere to be found . 
  for some reason they booked it as `` suicide '' . 
  until the murderer came forth and admitted that it was him . 
  this is how ridiculous things are around here . 
  additionally there was an increase from 38 to 50 murders from 2014 to 2015 . 
  i was in ireland this summer and suddenly there were news that ireland 's gdp or something had grown by an absolute insane percentage . 
  the reporter went on to say that it was only money that was parked in ireland by big corporations because of their tax system and that it did n't bring jobs or prosperity . 
  additionally somehow ireland would receive less money from the eu because of the increase . 
  but i probably remember this incorrectly . 
  my guess is that the countries in the east do it because of tourism . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  i hear it more and more on public transport and on the street . 
  it 's amazing how many croatians speak german . 
  they speak three languages , that 's quite something !, 
  i read an article months ago that there was essentially a shuttle service between turkey and greece , just like small excursion boats that would come at set times , several times per day . 
  i wish i had the link to the article , it was quite interesting !, 
   their shitty `` boats '' fall apart i read an article from a journalist that they used pretty decent boats between turkey and greece . 
  there were even photos and they looked like small excursion boats . 
  then the article went on to say that for some reason they stopped using them and that they 're now using cheap , unreliable rubber boats . 
  very strange . 
  the article said that it has to be authorized by this person and that person . 
  i can only speak for austria , but i know for sure as a first-hand witness that all these regulations mean nothing . 
  i know this for at least two incredibly important institutions .
