  but i 'm quite sure that he has a general lack of empathy , he sees other people not in their full complexity . 
  therefore their struggels annoy him . 
  his views are misogynistic , but there seems to be a bigger picture of a general disregard of other humans . 
  but that 's just armchair psychology speculation . 
  yes , higher education definitely helps !, 
  but nothing can replace practise . 
  that 's what gets rid of accents . 
  i 've seen college students who were abroad for a year and they sound almost as if english was their mother language . 
  it 's definitely atrocious . 
  but i 've met people who talk like that ... 
  but many of the smaller terror attacks in the last months were carried out by second or third generation immigrants . 
  so it 's not only refugees that could be dangerous . 
  it 's the same in austria . 
  most times someone will cross the street , people are baffled and then 5 or more break loose from the mass and also cross the street . 
  sometimes even if , by then , a car is approaching . 
  people here have issues with street crossing it seems . 
  the number of people who ca n't afford to shell out 50 $ for a game is growing in germany , if that 's any consolation . 
  most politicians are corrupt to the core , they play with the tax payer 's money as if they were in a casino . 
  they line their pockets and provide money for their friends . 
  i could supply so many examples from my country , i 'd be sitting here all day . 
  and of the money that they do n't take a lot just gets wasted in inefficient bureaucracy . 
  or they use the money to control and humiliate the citizens , like speed controls or an insane amount of ticket controlling . 
  things that probably wo n't be profitable . 
  at the same time people get raped , assaulted and robbed at night because there are no police controls . 
  so my answer is they do n't give a shit about the government . 
   it 'll improve one funeral at a time . 
  harsh , but true . 
  you could say that about a lot of bad habits or cultural beliefs of countries . 
  but as you said , very true . 
  her main fault is believing that politicians could be authentic . 
  is there anyone surprised that the health minister is smoking ? 
  just look at the health minister of belgium . 
  you 're right , there are important issues and they should be adressed . 
  it seems as if there are huge issues with agriculture all over europe . 
  last thing i heard in my country was that milk prices were too low . 
  it 's an oversaturation , that 's never good . 
  same thing with advertisements , no one believes them for a second . 
  what ?!, 
  there is a black one ? 
  that 's insane . 
  yes , there is a demonstration every two weeks where i live and as they block public transport for hours i do n't even bother to find out what it 's about . 
  i 'm just glad when they 're done , so they can get back to `` studying '' gender studies and sociology . 
  they 're backed by a uniform ideology that is n't only limited to less than two or three dozen people . 
  also , they may be few , but they certainly managed to kill hundreds . 
  it 's not . 
  i 've visited paris in the early 2000s and then again in 2013 . 
  the people on the street are completely different now . 
  it has changed so much . 
  and of course someone stole something from my bag again , thankfully it was n't worth anything . 
  what is so bad about admitting that it 's a sign of trouble when something like this could even happen ? 
  i mean worst country is really not true , but this is really bad . 
  it certainly makes me not want to go back to paris anytime soon . 
  aside from the fact that i like other cities way more . 
  you 're right . 
  i do n't understand the defensiveness of the commenters . 
  who cares if it 's a small incident ? 
  it 's now , but what happens in the next months ? 
  obviously there are people who are capable of doing this , of getting their hands on the necessary equipment and security regulations that are weak enough that this could happen . 
  so if everything stays the same , which it probably will , then this is going to happen more and more . 
  i wanted to say the same . 
  it 's so ridiculous , everyone from abroad that i met during school made fun of it . 
  but this mania for titles is going to die out , young people do n't take it seriously . 
  i 'll stand by my vote and i wo n't change it . 
  i do expect though that the right-wing president candidate will win . 
  well , a starting point is to remove two hours of religion per week and replace them with something useful . 
  there will never be a perfect education system , but there are glaring oversights that could easily be managed . 
   or else the power of direct democracy overwhelms them i think the people nowadays are overwhelmed with many things , not only direct democracy . 
  it starts with things that should be self-evident like proper nutrition , just look at the obesity epidemic . 
  the education system has completely failed in preparing the citizens for the complexities of life ... 
  i 'm sorry that this happened to you . 
  this is the reason why i have n't gone abroad until now , i was always afraid that something like this could happen . 
  did you stay in paris ? 
  i also got bed bugs there , it was absolutely disgusting . 
  i was on holiday and stayed at a cheap hotel . 
  you say you were alone a lot , did you have a hard time connecting to others ? 
  i have a course with lots of erasmus students this year and they all have seemingly big circles of friends . 
   i 've had good times , but i just have n't been myself here , i went from extremely positive to depressed , extremely outgoing to reclusive . 
  do you think it has changed you , even after you came back ? 
  i 'm sure i 'd be a lot more cynical . 
  just think of the university professors that gave their signatures to support hitler . 
  only a few did n't participate in that . 
  quote from one of my university professors from last semester : `` it does n't mean that a professor is smart . 
  he 's only good at academia . 
  but some of my colleagues do n't even know how to dress themselves in the morning without their wives . '', 
  so i believe that they were intelligent , but social pressure is a strong force . 
  yes , of course , those countries do n't have it easy . 
  there have been better times in europe , especially for families . 
  it 's true . 
  like the never ending discussions between people who have children/who do n't , bikers against car drivers , unemployed against employed people and so on . 
   though the worst part is that the intelligencia is one of the easiest groups to manipulate . 
  do you mean academia ? 
  well , gender mainstreaming and those things were first applied in universities , so it would make sense . 
  why ? 
  what happened ? 
  what ? 
  one million babies ? 
  is this real ? 
  this is happening because the state does n't treat its citizen well . 
  no , the times when love for the home country was unconditional are over . 
  in a mobile and connected world this is going to happen , does n't matter if people like it or not .
