  uk , italy , sweden , poland are completely different countries !, 
  so called european culture and values are a joke . 
  only thing connects them is religion and even that 's a weak link since most young europeans do n't care about christianity anymore . 
  i assume you are a bosnian . 
  like it or not turks are the only people who actually care about bosnians . 
  you literally begged us to help you for a small operation in libya , a country with 5 million population . 
  how will you invade turkey ? 
  military threat from a french !, 
  :d do n't forget to bring your white flags . 
  you are going to need them . 
  that 's what i said . 
  complete demilitarization !, 
  it 's good to see only cypriot in thread is agreeing while europeans still have deus vult mentality . 
  we do n't trust greek majority will not attempt another genocide . 
  we ca n't obviously trust europeans either . 
  we saw how you helped serbs . 
  cyprus should be demilitarized . 
  no turkish troops , no british troops , no russian naval base , no standing army ... 
  [ yes , it is !, 
  ] ( https://3.bp.blogspot.com/--yegd7403oy/whegf1vshsi/aaaaaaaaahy/fq9gnoxajs0cg2iqt2ewv_0ud-rpc8d2qcew/s1600/eu%2btotal%2bnet%2bbudget%2bbalances%252c%2b2015.jpg ), 
  poland only wants your money , not your policies . 
  it is pretty much what article op posted says . 
  i assume nobody read it but me since people keep downvoting my comment while upvoting thread . 
  it 's not a secret us is buying weapons from eastern european countries and handing them to so called moderate islamists in syria . 
  `` you may suicide bomb our citizens as long as you buy weapons from us . '', 
   ottoman slavery was gradually worn away by external pressures eurocentric historical revisionism !, 
  `` good guy europeans made evil turks ban slavery . '', 
  abolishment of slavery was result of homegrown reformist movement tanzimat . 
  arabs brought back slavery as soon as they became european colonies and europeans did n't seem to care much . 
  i ca n't tell if you are stupid or acting like one because facts do n't fit your narrative . 
  [ here is a picture of transsexual drag queen with erdogan during a ramadan dinner . 
  ] ( http://www.temizmagazin.com/sites/default/files/inline/images/lmhwdpq2yeg-ijbotwshvq.jpg ), 
  title sounds like turkey officially threatened him with death . 
  some officials criticized this so called liberal mosque . 
  you know , freedom of opinion and expression . 
  women , gays and non-muslims can enter mosques in turkey . 
  there are more christian tourists than local muslims in blue mosque any given day . 
  your `` secular '' buttbuddy , sisi 's egypt , published an islamic fatwa though . 
  that 's true . 
  arabs have similar reasoning . 
  `` they asked for it by invading our countries ( real invasion with bombs and stuff , not immigrants ) . '', 
  this is pretty much what i meant . 
  balkans are worthless . 
  i do n't care about balkans much but it would be nice if we did n't lose oil-rich regions . 
  ruling class and army !, 
  that 's usually how turco-mongol empires were founded . 
  they usually ended up being assimilated ethnically , religiously and sometimes linguistically . 
  turkey will not invade greece . 
  even erdo\u011fan is n't that crazy . 
  we have a casus belli for aegean dispute though . 
  if you invoke it , there may be a limited operation but not full scale war . 
  also starting an armament race with turkey again is just bad idea . 
  turkey has bigger economy and much bigger population . 
  we will maintain a big military whatever what since we have a border with me . 
  it 's not just because of you . 
  british lower class maybe !, 
  british middle and upper class have gusto which is something even rich , educated eastern europeans lack . 
  i had been in eastern europe . 
  you are more russified than you think . 
  for example poland and italy are two completely different countries . 
  people look different , act different ... 
  political environment is different . 
  architecture is different . 
  dating habits are different . 
  even entertainment culture is different . 
  poles try to get drunk as fast as possible and start rubbing each other in clubs while italians are slow eaters and drinkers . 
  the same can be said for eastern and western europe . 
  yeah right , you base your policies on what racists think . 
  european politicians are shifting right to gain back votes going to likes of wilders , le pen , literal nazis in austria ( i forgot their parties name ) . 
  let me guess . 
  there is an election in germany too soon . 
  this will not change anything . 
  turkey gives former citizens a special status which provides all citizenship rights except voting and passport . 
  they will still have residence and work permit which is pretty hard to get if you are a foreigner . 
  even european and american expats working in turkey stay here with tourists visa , work without permit . 
  not fan of that asshole but how about freedom of speech , freedom of assembly ? 
  also european governments ' hostile attitude actually feeding his rhetoric . 
  `` hey look those evil europe , our old enemy , does n't want me make turkey , read ottoman empire , powerful again . '', 
  this is actually main reason why he is actively looking for conflicts with european politicians . 
  he lost nationalists ' support to some extent because of peace talks with pkk . 
  he wants to gain it back . 
  lol to all those buthurt poles in this thread . 
  here is an advice for you : if you do n't want to be called racist , do n't be one . 
  not from eastern europe !, 
  `` history is written by the victors . '', 
  bush , sarkozy and other pseudo-crusader kings will never be prosecuted . 
   because most of them are ` german-russians ' with partly german ancestry . 
  how so ? 
  red army rapes in berlin ? 
  i really do n't understand why westerners have hard on for gulenists . 
  pkk i can understand to some extent . 
  they think they are suicide bombing people for minority , human rights etc. 
  but gulenists are bunch are islamists who want a sharia state . 
  while european countries did nothing but some symbolic sorties , 70 + turkish soldiers died fighting isis . 
  show some respect !, 
  i like how article did n't mention turkish soldiers saved german soldiers . 
   german-turks german-kurds !, 
  btw turkey has pretty strict laws to prevent honor-killings . 
  for example all family members who were involved in decision are prosecuted for 1st degree murder , not just as accomplices but there must be enough evidence of course . 
  only point of d\u00f6ner is selling cheap meat .
