  it is not something hard to achieve . 
  russia and turkey have 20 + thousand ppp per capita too . 
  i do n't imply anything . 
  that is what article says . 
  guys give them free drugs , cigarettes in return girls have sex with them . 
  since girls are underage it is still a sick crime just like what hundreds of thousands of european men do in southeast asia every year . 
  i do n't see a move . 
  west is green , east is red with occasional green spots . 
  europeans never liked americans . 
  you have weird mix of superiority and inferiority complex towards us . 
  civilized christian gentlemen are usually considerate enough to travel another country , thailand , philippines etc. , when they want an underage prostitute . 
  civilized white gentlemen are usually considerate enough to travel another country , thailand , philippines etc. , when they want an underage prostitute . 
  considering half of poles are living in western european countries , they actually have those . 
   informant gave evidence in court in person during the application and said : ` this was for asians , muslims . 
  it 's an asian , muslim operation . 
  i was told that from the beginning . 
  i told him ( unknown person - possibly a police officer ) it was a white party . 
  he said he 's not actually interested in that , this operation is about asian group gangs . 
  apparently they were the only ones police want to catch . 
  i am very familiar how totalitarian right wingers grab power . 
  yours progress much faster because they are n't afraid of a coup . 
  you are the delusional one . 
  i do n't know . 
  you are the one who said criteria are geographical and political . 
  just say what really it is . 
  i like how europeans ca n't stop being racist but but still try hard not to be came out one . 
  it 's entertaining . 
  south easterners speak turkish too . 
  even pkk leaders make their interviews in turkish . 
   geographically and politically cyprus , russia , poland and hungary are on the map . 
  cyprus is geographically 100 % asian and rest are illiberal democracies just like turkey . 
  eastern european countries still do n't get they get some benefits by joining eu but they also give up their independence . 
  there is a trade-off . 
  why do you care ? 
  europe is made up continent to separate colonist white christians from rest of asians . 
  we obviously do n't fit in . 
  i already know turkey but it would be interesting to see how russia fares against eastern european countries which joined eu , poland , czechia etc. . . 
  lol . 
  show me a turk who said he is greek , i will go and join pkk . 
  assimilation policies were reaction to pkk terror , lasted less than 2 decades and it 's over now . 
  even state television has kurdish channel . 
  if we forcibly converted people , balkan nations would n't exist today . 
  after 5 centuries of turkish rule they still have their religion , language and national identity . 
  inferiority complex towards whom ? 
  a nation my ancestors ruled 5 centuries !, 
  i meant europeans ' national identity is based on phenotype . 
  our language came from central asia and that 's what matters . 
  our national identity is based on language , not ethnicity . 
  unlike europeans we are n't obsessed with skull shape of peoples . 
  even kurds do n't know about kurds . 
  some of them claim they were originated from persia , some others claim they are native mesopotamians . 
  ironic thing is it 's more likely they mass migrated anatolia after turks . 
  you should rename malm\u00f6 too . 
  i saw more kurds there than average turkish city . 
  [ may be !, 
  ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/coejlqzxgaa-j0n.jpg:large ), 
  why is france involved in mali ? 
  do they have oil ? 
  why do high quality migrants want to settle in eastern europe while even locals are leaving there ? 
  poland 's net migration rate is negative . 
  if i were a pole , i would worry about emigration , not immigration . 
  history is just history . 
  show me a nation which did n't commit crimes against humanity !, 
  traditional ottoman architecture is fusion of persian and eastern roman architectural styles , pretty cool in my opinion but modern take on it is just gaudy . 
  just look at the erdogan 's pet project \u00c7aml\u0131ca mosque !, 
  it 's just tasteless copy of blue mosque . 
  do n't know man !, 
  maybe those sickos are too poor to travel south east asia like civilized european men do when they want to hire a child prostitute . 
  somebody already posted statistics in this thread . 
  crime rates dropped significantly compared to 30 years ago when those countries were less diverse . 
  most prosperous cities are also most diverse ones . 
  paris , london , new york , amsterdam etc. 
  actually article means political extremism , far right wing extremism . 
  so they are worried about armies gathering in the west . 
  us and its european allies had already destroyed iraq including mosul before isis took over . 
  being gay is only way not to be homophobic nowadays . 
  france will support whichever government gives more share from libya 's oil to french companies . 
  reminds me [ this speech ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6syr1tjbga ) !, 
  after death of saddam , he says us will destroy other arab regimes too , their turn will come , they should act together and assad laughs . 
  he is like the village idiot who yells truth but nobody believes him because he is crazy . 
  just couple of protests !, 
  turkey is still safer than eastern european countries where neo-nazi gangs roam around freely . 
  and africans were treated as farm animals in european kingdoms . 
  ottoman empire was pretty progressive for its time . 
  yes , christians tend to vandalize mosques instead of protesting in europe or just blatantly ban them like switzerland did . 
  there were some protests in front of synagogues as a reaction to temple mount crisis ( you probably have n't heard it since bad guys are n't muslim in this one ) . 
  no property got damaged . 
  also erdogan spoke against it recently . 
  so protests are very likely to stop . 
  greece is most popular tourism destination for turks . 
  we even have visa at gate agreement with greece . 
  it is called little asia since ancient greeks . 
   what the hell are you talking about ? 
  google `` clinton tapes '' and read the passage on yugoslavian civil war . 
  bosnia is in reach of turkey and unlike europeans turks care about bosnians . 
  turkey should have stopped it . 
  unfortunately we had weak government . 
  nobody said they are turks . 
  i wish we `` invaded '' srebrenica too . 
  most turks do n't give a fuck about continental identity .
