we miss you !, 
  we will keep nation you built alive whatever what . 
  erdogan supporter or not everyone hates pkk here and despises european countries because of their unprecedented support for those terrorists . 
  those poor village boys who became elite soldiers , pashas , viziers !, 
  the horror , the suffering !, 
  i doubt trump will do that . 
  he is just another neo-populist who exploits rising racism in his country . 
  europe is full of them . 
  le pen , wilders , farage etc. 
  you do n't need to look back that far . 
  far right wingers still get lots of votes in austria . 
  we still have free elections . 
  i mean i hope we do . 
  turkey is n't some former colony . 
  we do n't have inferiority complex towards europeans like you do . 
  when we face racism , we notice it . 
  there are studies which compare response rates of companies to similar cvs with different names . 
  google it , you will see education alone is n't enough . 
  they are so racist , they are n't even aware they are racist . 
  there is a reason why multi-culti works in us but not in germany . 
  americans thought them racism is wrong after ww2 but they forgot to teach them racism is n't something you do only against jews . 
  they have rights on paper but not on the ground . 
  if you are turkish you will have trouble finding jobs , renting houses in certain neighborhoods , even entering some clubs , restaurants . 
  germany is de facto apartheid state . 
  turkey will not be iran . 
  shia islam has semi-intellectual cleric class , mullahs . 
  sunni islam is much more wild , dangerous . 
  we will have saudi arabia like regime if islamists achieve their goal . 
  stop being cry babies !, 
  millions of turks were ethnic cleansed after balkan wars . 
  did you ever see a turk complain about it ? 
  history is just history . 
  secularism is still in constitution and we have no islamic laws , not even one . 
  but turkey shifted from more strict french secularism to anglo-american secularism under erdogan . 
  for example he removed hijab ban from public institutions . 
  everybody 's ' ancestors came from somewhere else , they were born in europe and they are majority in some parts of europe . 
  i believe every nation has right to self-rule . 
  are you an oppressive racist or something ? 
  you sound like one . 
  a little offtopic but is germany planning to give autonomy to kurds and turks ? 
  german politicians are advocating for kurdish autonomy in turkey all the time . 
  they are n't bunch of hypocrites . 
  are they ? 
  you can find bigger percentage of extremists , far right wingers in any country . 
  literal nazis almost won the election in austria . 
   islam , this absurd theology of an immoral bedouin , is a rotting corpse which poisons our lives . 
  you are overestimating european voters . 
  there are ignorant , hateful , bigoted people everywhere , not just in turkey . 
  putin is saviour of europe . 
  he will stop white genocide , muslim invasion , restore christian europe bla , bla . 
  alt right loves him . 
  germany 's stance was also mentioned in book . 
  unlike other european leaders helmut kohl was n't happy about atrocities committed by serbian army and sided with bill clinton . 
  apparently bill clinton thinks they did that so serbs can `` remove kebab '' without obstruction . 
  :d source is in title !, 
  these pro-pkk rallies are main cause of turks ' anti-europe feelings erdogan is exploiting for political gain recently . 
  i doubt that schizophrenic nutjob had sex his whole life . 
  who was n't back then ? 
  netherlands already did in srebrenica . 
  islamism and secularism are political systems and turkey is secular , not islamist after 15 years rule of akp . 
  yes , they are conservative , they care about religion , exploit it to gain votes but that 's it . 
  some western parties do that too . 
  i do n't see anybody calls american republican party christianist . 
  some european ca n't stop talking about europe 's so called christian values too . 
  nobody labels them non-secular . 
  turkey is secular country by constitution . 
  there is no reference to islam in our laws . 
  if you are looking for a non-secular regime , you do n't need to look far . 
  there are some in your union . 
  ireland , poland !, 
  i would n't call akp islamist . 
  they do n't advocate for islamist regime , sharia law . 
  it 's against constitution anyway . 
  you westerners should stop calling every conservative muslim islamist . 
  that word has heavier meaning . 
  i do n't know about your parties but greeks are anything but reasonable from what i see on this sub . 
  same goes for other europeans . 
  there is no personally cult anymore . 
  he is founder of country and war hero . 
  americans respects washington and french like napoleon too . 
  will you spam this bullshit in every turkey related thread ? 
  this is really childish . 
  ataturk kicked your ass . 
  get over it !, 
  they are minority everywhere . 
  just look at europeans ' reaction to latest netherlands/turkey crises . 
  only call for a crusade is missing . 
  if you like pkk so much , go join them and take a bullet to your head from a turkish riffle . 
  and i thought turkish voters are ignorant . 
  most of us know our politicians are opportunistic assholes . 
  you guys are still defending them . 
  mass deportation of any ethnic group , for example moroccans , is ethnic cleansing according to un definition . 
  you are advocating for ethnic cleansing right now . 
  you are so racist , you are n't even aware of how racist you are . 
  you think ethnic cleansing is something normal . 
  to fight fascism become a fascist . 
  this sounds a good idea !, 
  anyway i do n't care . 
  europe is just going back its roots . 
  but this time your scapegoats are muslims , not jews .
