  i have n't met anyone who calls himself european or asian here . 
  we call ourselves turkish . 
  i think nobody but europeans care about continental identity in modern world . 
  you are the obsessed ones . 
  then spain is geographically both african and european . 
  romans did n't care about continental identity much . 
  it 's modern europeans ' obsession . 
  it 's politically correct way of saying `` i am white . 
  you are inferior to me . '', 
  [ here is a video they are firing their guns . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhzee7nybva ), 
  that index is bullshit . 
  russia has more soft power than any european country thanks to kremlin propaganda machine . 
  russia is even shaping politics in western europe . 
  racism became mainstream again . 
  far right parties are rising and centre parties are shifting right to survive . 
  they may have affected even outcome of us elections . 
  from what i see in recent economic crisis most western european countries are sick of their spoiled stepchild , greece . 
   her imperialistic claims like 6nm tetitorial waters so turkey is imperialist because it does n't let you expand your borders unilaterally . 
  even turan empire is more realistic than unified europe . 
  eu is several million refugees away from complete collapse . 
  uk already left . 
  b-but my eu membership , my french support !, 
  china is unstoppable . 
  i hope turkey shifts sides or at least stay neutral during coming 2nd cold war . 
  successor of nazi party got half of votes in austria . 
  far right wingers are going strong in pretty much every country . 
  le pen , wilders , farage etc. 
  hungary and poland are already illiberal democracies . 
  it would be somewhat progressive if you do n't act deaf . 
  i just checked your post history . 
  you are a trump supporter , also a liar . 
  i ca n't speak for other mena countries but my 3rd world shithole turkey has one of longest state traditions in the world . 
  before your ancestors moved america and genocided natives we had well established police force and sophisticated jurisdiction system . 
  we know how to count homicides . 
  and unlike your 1st world heaven torture , for example waterboarding , is illegal here and government ca n't commit murder because we do n't have capital punishment . 
  so i guessed right !, 
  let me guess !, 
  an american trump supporter !, 
  [ here is an eyeopener for you . 
  ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1730562/original.jpg ), 
  changing turkey 's armament strategy is one of the few good things erdo\u011fan did . 
  instead of buying weapons we buy know-how , design and produce our own weapon systems . 
  learn how to fish instead of buying fish !, 
  apparently russia is n't eager to teach us how to fish . 
  we still bought s-400 since turkey desperately needs advanced air defense system and developing one will take long time . 
  nobody wants your islands but turkey will not let you expand your naval borders unilaterally in aegean sea . 
  border is driven by two countries , not one . 
  if you want peace , prepare for war . 
  women are underrepresented in politics but they do n't have trouble getting respect . 
  turkish men are used to female authority figures . 
  we are all mama 's boys and most school teachers are female . 
   we took several millions . 
  germany and sweden took one hundred thousand kurdish refugees at most , rest took nobody . 
   and turkeys society is far more compatible to the refugees not really !, 
  middle eastern countries are islamist , have sharia law . 
  turkey is secular and [ islamism is n't very popular here . 
  ] ( https://whyevolutionistrue.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/sharia.png?w=336&amp;h=820 ) they will fit in arabic and african communities in europe better . 
  turkey is so racist there are 1 million syrian kurdish refugees in turkey while humanist european countries are fighting each other not to take 1 . 
  those are n't child marriages . 
  they are teenage marriages . 
  real child marriages happen only in southeastern turkey ( aka kurdistan ) . 
  also related : [ `` turks '' committing honour killing in turkey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honor_killing#turkey ) , [ `` turks '' and `` iraqis '' committing honour killing in sweden ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/hedersmord#hedersmord_i_sverige ) !, 
  do you see a pattern ? 
  if dutch soldiers had made a stand , serbs would have retreated . 
  they would have not killed 400 european soldiers . 
  instead of that dutch commander made a deal with serbs to save himself . 
  they ** disarmed ** and surrendered bosnians . 
  soldiers should have sense of honor and duty . 
  worse things happened . 
  a french un peacekeeper raped an underage refugee girl he was supposed to protect in africa . 
  they did n't retreat . 
  they disarmed bosnians and surrendered them to serbs to save their coward asses . 
  he is black . 
  golden dawn maybe !, 
  you have very primitive understanding of history . 
  most kings and sultans did n't care about religion much . 
  it was just a tool to manipulate ignorant masses so they could gain more wealth and power . 
  our native language is n't indo-european . 
  that 's also why japanese people are having trouble with english despite having very good educational system . 
   who gives a shit you do !, 
  it 's always you balkanites who endlessly whine about turks . 
  you are just a chapter in our history books . 
  get over it and build your own country . 
  and no , licking asses of western europeans is n't enough as greece proved . 
  so your relatives are studying in turkish universities in turkish cities for free while you are shit posting about turks on reddit and probably getting military training to kill turks in syria . 
  good to know !, 
  and most anatolians do n't give a fuck about albanians . 
  it 's just a small , irrelevant nation we used to rule . 
  so why are kurds migrating from semi-independent iraqi kurdistan to evil , oppressive , genocidal turkey ? 
  [ kurds prefer buying property in turkey rather than in iraqi kurdistan ] ( http://ekurd.net/iraqi-kurds-buy-property-turkey-2015-11-08 ) also why do n't syrian kurds leave fascist turkey and go back to feminist , democratic , vegan safe haven called rojava ? 
  there are 3 million syrian refugees in turkey . 
  at least one 3rd of them are kurdish . 
  us is multiculti , multi-ethnic country . 
  european countries are ethnocentric . 
  you hear europeans only shit talk about their ethnic minorities while americans complain about their white underclass too , call them redneck , white trash . 
  social tension in us is mostly because of classicism , not cultural or ethnic differences . 
  erdogan wants eu to drop ascension talks , so he can play victim card . 
  he is well aware it 's just a rotten carrot which reeks racism and hypocrisy . 
  i had traveled all over europe .
