  let me guess !, 
  he is fishing for le pen 's voters . 
  at least our most popular political leader is n't campaigning for ethnic cleansing . 
  conflict started because pkk got cocky after their success in syria thanks to american and european support and they thought they can do same thing in turkey , started to dig trenches , put ieds every corner in turkish cities . 
  turkish army steamrolled them as always and now they are begging help from their western sponsors by crying human rights . 
  they settled there during ottoman times . 
  ottoman sultans invited them thinking they will benefit economy when they faced oppression in european kingdoms . 
  balkan nations kicked them out when they got independence . 
  apparently romania did that late for some reason . 
  muslims are anti-israel , not anti-semitic . 
  you ca n't hear stuff like `` they have bigger nose , different hair than us . 
  we should kill them all . '', 
  from muslims . 
  that 's your thing . 
  do n't they teach you history in school ? 
  you genocided them . 
  that 's why . 
  he systematically increases number of imam hatip schools . 
  they are our version of catholic schools . 
  most of their curriculum is same as other schools but they have some additional courses like reading quran , islamic history etc. 
  ironically religion was first introduced in school system by secularist army after a coup to fight raising communism during cold war . 
  you are right . 
  i should n't have generalized you especially when complaining about racism . 
  municipalities do n't ignore them . 
  they catch them , spay , vaccinate them and leave where they caught them instead of killing them . 
  also it 's better to have cats than rats . 
  istanbul may be one of few major port cities where there are no rats . 
  cats are n't pests , they are pest control . 
  good , old `` it 's a religion , not a race '' excuse !, 
  so nazis were n't racist either since judaism is a religion , not a race . 
  race is a social construct . 
  it can be based on religion too . 
  if you are gon na be a racist , at least be a honest one , stop making excuses to rationalize your shitty behavior . 
  i know what satire means but significant number of kurds actually believe this shit . 
  i doubt greeks think they can take western anatolia back though . 
  europeans are racist towards not just muslims , even muslim cats . 
  whenever i see a new kurdistan map it gets bigger and bigger . 
  funny thing is that they were n't majority even in diyarbakir , so called capital of kurdistan before pkk 's terror campaign scared turks away . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  turkey committed only 1500 soldiers and already captured half of al-bab from isis only in 4 days . 
  it took 3 months to kurds capture same sized city while best air force in the world supporting them . 
  being kurdish does n't always make you anti-turkey . 
  there are kurdish ministers in turkish cabinet . 
  ethnocentric nationalism is outdated btw . 
  you guys are one century late . 
  it was like bombay 20 years ago . 
  it 's like moscow today . 
  it will be like tokyo if construction boom continues and mid-rises keep being replaced by high-rises and skyscrapers . 
  istanbul will end up like tokyo in few decades . 
  35 million megapol where people living in 10 m ^ 2 flats !, 
  hungary is still a member . 
  tbf only one foot of the bridge is on europe . 
  turkey is like a brake failed truck going down the road fast . 
  it can stop only with a crash . 
  economic crisis , revolt , coup !, 
  he is turkish . 
  he yells in native turkish before firing gun . 
  so you are saying they deserved genocide since they settled balkans later than christians . 
  btw when did jews enter germany ? 
  you sound like an expert . 
  is hanukkah german culture ? 
  he once said `` a ruler who needs religion to uphold his government is a weakling . 
  no weaklings should rule . '', 
  this may give you an idea . 
  lol . 
  germans are anything but `` super nice and super tolerant '' . 
  you europeans have a lot of experience dealing with unwanted minorities i bet you will find a solution to that . 
  germany is full of terrorists ( solingen massacre , nsu murders , munich shooting ) but they are neither turkish nor islamist . 
  this will be a mistake . 
  main purpose of diyanet ( institute of religious affairs ) is prevent radicalization in turkish religious communities . 
  despite its problems , it still serves this purpose . 
  for example after paris attack diyanet sent all turkish mosques a speech to be read during friday prayer . 
  it was advising followers to stay away this kind of bullshit by using islamic references . 
  there is a reason why turks do n't involve in terrorist activities . 
  there is nothing wrong with eastern european hookers . 
  trust me turkey is full of them . 
  if you know turkish , you can search emails yourself using keywords `` esra '' and `` amazon '' . 
  his amazon orders are particularly interesting . 
  he ordered a book about ataturk too . 
  you can also check out [ eksisozluk ] ( https://eksisozluk.com/ ) . 
  people are talking about emails there . 
  he is also energy minister and very likely to become next prime minister . 
  he has connections with a company which buys isis oil . 
  he pressures media companies . 
  he organizes paid trolls to shill for erdogan on internet . 
  this is my favourite part . 
  he buys sex toys from amazon and cheats on erdogan 's daughter esra . 
  when she complains about it he quotes quran and tells her be an obedient wife as islam orders . 
  esra seems genuinely very religious and good hearted woman . 
  christianity is no better . 
  homesexuality was illegal in ireland until late 90s . 
  is eu ready to pay us protection money ? 
  :d you are from diaspora . 
  are n't you ? 
  it 's high because women usually do n't work here . 
  military service is n't that bad btw . 
  it 's just boring . 
  even other slavs are n't safe from slavic racists . 
  you do n't know what ppp means . 
  google again !,
