love wwn !, 
  it does n't make sense that authors have to pay to have a papers published in a scientific journal and viewers have to pay to access the paper . 
  should be one or the other . 
  not both . 
  `` i wonder what they think of ire ... awww '', 
  only downside is that there 's not enough connecting all the cities !, 
  a few times a week ... not as often as i 'd like to considering i live in a city . 
  our population goes up and down with immigration and emigration . 
  in 2012 51,000 people emigrated . 
  parents house : utility room ( and a second one in the garage ) my apartment : kitchen boyfriends house : bathroom, 
  small apartments . 
  we are currently going through a housing shortage , rents in dublin have skyrocketed in the past few years ( in 2011 , i thought $ 400 pm was expensive for a room in shared accommodation , now i pay $ 650 , likely to increase to $ 750 after christmas , students can look to pay up to $ 1200 for accommodation pm ) . 
  this has lead to [ a 35 % increase in homelessness in dublin this year ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2016/1123/833852-homelessness-dublin/ ) . 
  there are lots sleeping rough , including many drug addicts and mentally ill . 
  i do n't know of people sleeping in cars though . 
  there is currently a large movement which wants to take [ vacant nama buildings and convert them into emergency accommodation ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/protesters-take-over-vacant-nama-building-for-use-by-homeless-1.2908396 ) . 
  the only city i have personally seen which has a similar problem is berlin . 
  i have n't done much travelling lately though . 
  i love aldi , it 's so cheap , stores here tend to be large and have a great range of products . 
  while we do n't have bakeries in our aldis , lidl sometimes does . 
  we have a plants sections in most , if not all aldi outlets here , as in all supermarkets , but we never have a florist there ( in any supermarket ) . 
  i also like how they do n't have the national branded foods . 
  i grew up in a family of picky eaters ( would only eat x brand of pasta or whatever ) . 
  paying 1-2 $ deposits on shopping trolleys is normal here . 
  it makes it more likely that the trolley is returned and does n't wind up in the side of someone 's car or a local river . 
  we do n't have baggers here either , unless for charity events . 
  i much prefer to take my groceries to the side after paying and bag them myself anyways . 
  i remember when i used to pack bags for my local gaa club , people would try to command you how to pack the groceries . 
  most people just like to do it their own way . 
  unlike most supermarkets here , aldis has an aisle or 2 of special items which change every week . 
  sometimes it 's speciality foods , or home decor items . 
  it 's really nice to pick up something new when doing the weekly groceries . 
  the road out of monaghan was greatly improved in those years, 
  yes . 
  i was a member of a local rifle club for a while . 
  we shot air rifle and .22 . 
  i even trained to be a range officer before i got too busy to keep the hobby . 
  it 's one of the few times i will actually use the language !, 
  yeah , then tea or supper later in the evening . 
  when i visit my parents ( who are quite traditional ) we have dinner at around 14:00 but normally i have dinner around 19:00 . 
  that festival is of celtic origins !, 
  everyone speaks english here too !, 
  give them irish names regardless of who the father is !, 
  we have a lot of names similar to those in the uk and the usa but irish names are also very popular . 
  it 's one of things i hate about dublin city centre . 
  you 're in a rush , the pavements are narrower now ( thanks to luas works ) , and little groups of 3-4 snailing along , looking at the buildings , stopping and pointing at things , and generally just in the way . 
  i think it 's more where you 're located rather than the age gap here . 
  i 've 4 brothers , all living in rural areas , never been to college , never even actually been to dublin city centre . 
  they 're all under 30 and hold staunch catholic ideals even though they are n't very religious . 
  i really love vikings . 
  was n't sure if it 's 100 % irish though , thought it was just filmed here . 
  the power of the romantic catholic church . 
  we do n't have a secular state so fuckerys in the past like the magdelene laundries and tuam babies happened . 
  nowadays the romantic catholic church runs the vast majority of schools and due to demand on schools children who are not baptised are often not accepted . 
  this has lead to parents baptising their children for the sake of getting into school . 
  i fully believe that the 8th amendment ( which grants the unborn an equal right to life as it 's mother ) and stalling of the procedures to repeal the 8th ammendment are down to the catholic church and it 's members . 
  being an atheist from a catholic family my father in particular feels a great shame about me , my practices and my ideas like not wanting to be married in a church or not wanting to baptise my children when they 're too young to know whether they follow the religion . 
  it gets me down . 
  the guard was awful . . have we nothing better ? 
  do n't know what belongs to that dialect and what does n't ( for example i did n't cop that bold does n't mean badly behaved everywhere ) . 
  my dad 's father was from fermanagh and he picked up a few strange words from him . 
  he says things like `` folly '' and `` borry '' instead of follow and borrow . 
  another one is `` queskin '' instead of question . 
  you know the way some of us have a tendency to repeat ourselves after we say something : `` he is going to the movies so he is '' is that part of the dialect ? 
  it 's a true irish delicacy, 
  ham with tayto cheese and onion crisps, 
  `` every european country has a region who wants independence , they all believe they csn do better alone . '', 
  your original statement . 
  i pointed out that that 's not true . 
  not whether it 's a secession or not . 
  ni is split between people who want to see united ireland and people who want to remain part of the uk . 
  practically no one wants to see ni as an independent country . 
  they know they ca n't do better alone . 
  yeah but that 's not about being an independent country . 
  that 's about uniting ireland . 
  northern ireland does not want to be an independent country . 
  if the idea was thrown around after brexit , it 's not representing the thoughts of the majority . 
  french or german . 
  i find german easier to learn though . 
  north dublin vs south dublin . 
  catholic irish vs protestant irish . 
  irish from one county vs irish from another county etc etc. 
  basically anyone different from `` my '' irishness haha, 
  first one that popped into mind . 
  being irish . . 
  i was trying to make a joke about how non native english speakers could hate native english speakers from the uk and us but you did n't mention the irish . 
  i 'm bad at this . 
  but not the irish, 
  i would still be inclined to say that ni , scotland , wales and england are still separate countries and if they wish to compete as separate countries they should be allowed to do so . 
  there 's a lot of stigma here in ireland . 
  it 's something that is n't really taught about despite having some of the higher male suicide rates in the eu . 
  in the city there 's less stigma and more facilities available . 
  outside of the city depression is still often viewed as something you can get over if you `` just made an effort '' . 
  i also know of pretty big towns that are over 2 hours drive away from things like rape crisis centres . 
  i notice older buildings which have been converted into cafes , pubs , schools etc in the countryside tend to have just a single toilet . 
  in more built up areas we have gendered toilets but i do n't think this issue is something people actively watch in ireland . 
  nope !, 
  i 'm not in the tech industry but i 've also heard that that sector is booming too . 
  however intel are cutting a lot of jobs in leixlip ( which is commuting distance from the city ) . 
  we were hit hard by the recession , our property market crashed , it never started again despite demand so homelessness has become very apparent in the last year or so .
