  should n't have done that, 
  whatever the truth is , it 's your job as a politician to not insult people . 
  called diplomacy . 
  if you ca n't do that what are you there for ? 
  he insulted southern europeans on a personal level . 
  not our politicians . 
  this is something awful, 
   at the very worst he made an inappropriate statement no . . 
  the worst thing is that he does not realize it was inappropriate and does n't want to take it back when asked . 
   however , the dutch politician refused to apologize for such comments , saying these were not directed to one country , but to all countries . 
  oy , we have more claim on fighting against claims with them . 
  find someone else to fight against claims . 
  is he serious ? 
  this sounds more like something i 'd hear in a game of lol . 
  not the eurogroup . 
  well yes and no . 
  in bulgaria i think it is the opposite : https://www.quora.com/is-it-a-myth-or-reality-that-bulgarians-nod-to-say-no-and-shake-head-to-say-yes . 
  but from what i hear the opposite nod meaning the direction of the head down --  up that means no for us in greece is only used here so that is what they 're talking about, 
  well think about a country that its economy is based on kebab ( gyros ) stands . 
  welcome to greece in 2017, 
  of course i 'm not expecting them to force locals to obey the laws . 
  they 're tourists and are always welcome . 
  i 'm not judging you . 
  i 'm making fun of our tax collection system . 
  see how easy it is to blame the common greek for not paying taxes ? 
  you did in fact pay your portion of the taxes in all those shops but instead of them going to the country they went to the pockets of the shop owners instead . 
  and thus it is upon us , the consumers to force the shop owners to pay taxes by asking for receipts . 
  because the freaking leaders still ca n't enforce correct tax collection even after all these years . 
  now do this for the next 20 years in your country . 
  that kills economy, 
  but i 'm being judged for not paying taxes . 
  i 'm just an employee who just goes to the store to buy stuff . 
  but you tell me that it 's not expected of me to constantly ask for receipts and judge me at the same time for not paying taxes . 
  what can i - the average greek employee - do then ?? 
  all parties were and still are like that . 
  there 's no `` vote here we do stuff like they should have been '' party . 
  why did n't you ask for receipts ? 
  do you expect for stuff to work as it should , like in west europe where taxes are getting paid without the consumer doing anything about it ? 
  so are you talking about alexander the great or eastern roman empire ? 
  * asking only for my curiosity cause i really wan na learn how it was to be a subject then . 
  any articles i can read about it ? 
  the 2 greek-ish empires we 've had do n't sound so bad for their subjects i think . 
  am i worng ? 
  nazis were not the only reason . 
  as you can see from the chart something happened in 1917 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_thessaloniki_fire_of_1917, 
  impressive how much climate affects the suicide rate . 
  look at the green country line : spain , italy , albania , fyrom , greece , turkey , cyprus that has below 8 . 
  gb is the only < 8 country above that line . 
  all those countries have economic problems . 
  now i want a suicide rate / sunny days per year / country map , 
  here 's a fun fact about greece if you 're into it . 
  [ ada lovelace ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ada_lovelace ) , who is considered the first computer programmer , was the daughter of [ lord byron ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lord_byron#greece ) who was a major figure in the greek war of independence against the ottomans . 
  our driving culture is different and imho it is n't related to rules . 
  here 's an example : my gf - who has a drivers license - ca n't drive because she 's afraid of other people 's insults and negativity while on the road if she makes a mistake . 
  well guess what . 
  she curses and insults everyone who drives slow , make a slight pause or drives somewhat weird while i drive her everywhere . 
  this is n't related to driving rules or laws . 
  it 's our driving culture and i personally find it funny and makes driving more fun and interesting , 
  ah ...  to my fellow greeks . 
  most fyromers i 've met there were very friendly and some even did n't allow me to pay for the food i ate . 
  if you do n't talk about the naming issue it 's worth visiting . 
  i usually travel through your country towards serbia and the rest of europe . 
  can you suggest any interesting spots near the highway that are worth visiting for 10-20 minutes ? 
  ( why the downvotes on your link ? ), 
  in my comment i did n't oppose the naming . 
  i 'm figuring out the reason they named it after him . 
  what he said and it shows in their current political turmoil . 
  keep in mind that their biggest road and biggest airport are named after alexander the great . 
  alexander ruled these parts 1000 years before slavs came here . 
  why would you name your airport after another nations historical figure ? 
  because you need a strong figure and identity to unite the different peoples that live there so you avoid conflicts between them . 
  * west europe, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qharr-zmtce this is the intro to my favorite film using it . 
  i get chills seeing that . 
  pention is both age and service year limitted . 
  age is the bottleneck in 9/10 cases, 
  ok so another question . 
  how much of a difference would there be if for the last 30 years there was no forced conscription . 
  meaning every employee currently working would have 1 or 2 more full years of working experience at the same age and 1 or 2 more working years before pention . 
  well most greeks i know stopped visiting turkey . 
  one friend went there and he was at the airport with the bomb back then and had to come back . 
  yeah he 's safe but the vacation he planned is now ruined . 
  why should i take the risk ? 
  istanbul is a really great place to visit ( and you should visit it ) but it can wait for after they fix their shit . 
  forced military service sucks . 
  i wonder how much our debt would be reduced if greece could stop forced conscription for the next 5 years or so ( we ca n't coz erdogan but just curious ), 
  yeah that 's probably what we call `` freddo espresso '' here in greece and every single coffee spot makes them and is the main coffee we drink during summer . 
  not a lot of places make them there it seems . 
  ( could n't find any ), 
  why is it i could n't find anywhere to buy one last two summers there ? 
  they both use a straw , they both need to be shaken , and they both have ice . 
  wikipedia : the word frapp\u00e9 is french and comes from the verb frapper which means to ` hit ' ; in this context , however , in french , when describing a drink , the word frapp\u00e9 means chilled , as with ice cubes in a shaker . 
  well freddo espresso is a variation of frappe . 
  i still could n't find freddo espresso anywhere in europe including italy . 
  only us greeks drink cold coffee i think  correct me if i 'm wrong, 
  yeah i make good profiteroles as well, 
  they freaking lock their garbage bins outside their homes . 
  as a greek travelling to zurich with some garbage in my car i had to search for somewhere to get rid of 'em and finally found a garbage bin with a broken lock ( wtf ) and stealthily got rid of my cheesy poofs . 
  it was hilarious https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/waste_management_in_switzerland#household_trash_disposal, 
  everyone 's nagging about the ( non ) solution given and not the problem .
