  if the government is transparent , efficient and generaly competent it will manage just as well with less money . 
  so the secret of the `` scandinavian model '' is more about having a good and effective government policy . 
  lots of people forget that while the taxes in the nordics are high , they are also at the top of doing business index for being a very good place to start and run a business . 
   looks like america 's progressive mental illnesses are leaking into europe well it has it 's origins in french postmodernism , and especially characters like m. foucault , jean-fran\u00e7ois lyotard , jacques derrida and so on . 
  that is just the boomerang returning to where it was thrown from . 
  the ending sucked imho . 
  ted the caver ? 
  jelous of the ` murican peanut butter . 
  i 've only had the ones that they have in mres , but it 's much better then the stuff you can get in our stores . 
   we should make alcohol prescription only . 
  that will benefit everybody because doctors will have an opportunity to check on people 's health before prescribing alcohol . 
  / s shhhhh ... do n't give our government ideas !, 
  well they did a lot of fun stuff to europeans and christians 1300 years ago too ... at some point explaining everything with historical grudges becomes useless . 
  why do i keep arguing with bootlickers ... 
  your examples are stupid and exagerated . 
  the only valid qualification that is needed in this case is a driver license and a car that is insured and functional . 
   customers use uber because it is cheaper . 
  and drivers use uber , so they can make money they would not make otherwise . 
  if a transaction is prefered by both of the sides to any alternative that means that it is the best solution for both of them . 
  that is the definition of a good product/service . 
  everyone involved is happy . 
   uber is not progress , it is a step backwards from a much better system that is already established . 
  yeah and that is why uber is never short on drivers willing to work and customers willing to use the service . 
  this is why this whole farce is so stupid . 
  kill the restrictions and let the unions have a taste of reality - competition . 
  that is why uber has ratings . 
  if i am that concerned about the driver being a crackhead , i could just check that . 
  we were talking about hong kong here . 
  the definition of a laissez-faire success story and unrestricted capitalism . 
  what i do n't seem to get about this whole thing is , why the fuck do taxi 's need a license in the first place ? 
  if you have a drivers license , you should be able to provide taxi services . 
  why artificially restrict a service that is the definition of low qualification job ? 
  and then people are ssurprised that you have to pay an arm and a leg if you want a taxi in places like brussells . 
  uber goes around this shitty artificial restriction . 
  remove the restriction and be done with it . 
  marriage . 
  but really good for prosperity . 
  it 's 23.30 here , and we are doing a drinking game . 
  so i 'm wasted right and propper . 
  although bourbon for breakfast is always fun . 
  hahaha , you ca n't get drunk !!, 
  hahaha , you said dicks !, 
  yeah i hate those fuckers . 
  after a bite i get a palm sized itchy bump on my skin . 
   beautiful beaches , parties , hotels etc. . . and mosquitos . 
  fucktons of them . 
  by catching up on yard work , and laughing at the 30-35 commies that go demonstrating in the capital . 
  well none of my friends are actual satanists , and most of them are guys so fornication was out of the question ... also about the book burning , yeah it 's not something i support in most cases , but what do you do is your bookshelf is already full , you are drunk , and you have some completely useless books that got shoved in to you hands by jahova 's witnesses or that were compulsory reading in one of your classes ? 
  i say let them return to nature in the form of ash and fertilise the trees . 
  transgresive is the rigth word . 
  also it 's so fun !, 
  i 'm just shitposting between bouts of choping wood . 
  edit : also you know thats kind of the whole point . 
  working socialism does not exist and existing socialism does not work . 
  man i just knew i had [ this gif ] ( https://m.imgur.com/gallery/sjsjn1v ) saved for a reason !, 
  also you seem to be pointing out a very interesting tendency - the further a country goes from socialism the better it does . 
  enjoying the benefits of capitalism - being able to buy abundant , high quality food anytime , and also giving working people the means to earn money and support their families - glorious !, 
  not any more . 
  although it is still a one party state , thats oficialy comunist . 
  how do you celebrate walpurgisnacht in estonia ? 
  is it a big tradition ? 
  unfortunately noone is aware of it here , although i try to introduce it in my circle of friends . 
  over the years we have burned a christian book or two , did public readings of anthon lavey , built and burned a wicker man , got drunk on absent and watched horror movies all night ... but it feels a bit eclectic . 
  how do you celebrate it ? 
  any recomendations ? 
  stand up , people of north korea , cuba , venezuela , belarus , china , vietnam , and throw down all your commie/socialist overlords !, 
  [ do you even work , brah ? 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/wpedq ) i think that i 'll celebrate the day properly - by doing manual labor !, 
  edit : [ fuck yeah !, 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/fh0ev ) best may day ever !, 
  now for some well earned beer . 
  inb4 butthurt western european welfare queen/trust fund baby socialists complain about people complaining about the workers day . 
   stopped debasing the currency well that 's one lesson we should apply ... 
   whole europe is ruled by `` literal ultra nationalists '' well that 's what russians have been saying for a while now ... 
  yeah i know , in fact i that drove by the south ossetian `` border '' two years ago . 
  but they did the typical bans on foodstuffs when a pro western government came to power . 
  ah ok , i thought the ban still stands . 
  are n't those banned from russia for some other stupid reason ? 
  i think i 'll just not bother talking with the likes of you . 
  as i 've said . 
  it 's good that you live in a safe country . 
  in a democratic country all citizens have the duty to protect their country . 
  the more people armed the more secure from external threat the country is . 
  so civilians with semi autos are very usefull in this case . 
  and what should i do if our government does not provide the nesscesary equipment ? 
  just throw my hands up and say ` oh well ' sucks they did not give us weapons , i 'll bend over to the russians now . 
  broken leg and perscription glasses . 
  i can easily march 30 km with a 20 kg backpack , but if i run for a kilometer i 'll spend the rest of the day limping . 
  there are different organizations performing different tasks in our defense structure . 
  profesional soldiers will be doing ambushes and attacks on enemy forses . 
  volunters will be defending fortified positions and buying time for the proffesionals . 
  national guard will be keeping order , and acting in support roles . 
  so i 'm in the `` low priority '' part of the defese structure . 
  while in times of crisis we would get weapons and equipment ( if there would be time for that ) , at the moment we make do with what we have - mostly our own weapons . 
  i 'm in the national guard . 
  the government does not provide us with weapons , but promises that they will provide them if shtf . 
  i live 30 km from the russian border . 
  our mo is to use our personal weapons if we have to defend our country , until the government provides backup . 
  i have a semi auto weapon for that purpose . 
  i 'm glad that you live in a safe place .
