  in this case steak will not do !, 
  wikipedia disagrees , it says soup or stew . 
  the point of tough sinewy , muscly meat is that it contains a lot of collagen and after long boiling it thickens and forms compounds basically identical to gelatin . 
  i personally like more stewy than soupy goulash . 
  anyways it 's a matter of taste i guess . 
  whatever gets your horses going . 
  i would suggest younger rhone valley wines from france . 
  northern syrah would be best , but a decent grenache from the southern part of rhone would also do . 
  a lightly matured , but still vigorous syrah would be excelent , because it has a moderate amount of acidity , a bouquet of dark fruit ( plums , prunes , blueberries ) , that is excellently complemented by the more mature spicy and piquant aromas of ceder , wet leaves , well worn saddle leather , pepper and spice typical of wine from northern rhone . 
  serving horse as a stake is not recommended , especially since most likely you will be eating old workhorses that have tough sinews and well exercised muscles . 
  however tougher meat is excellent in traditional spiced stews like goulash . 
  you could even audaciously go for a remix of old french classic coq-au-vin stew which in this case should be called cheval-au-vin , although italian classics as lasagna and spaghetti would also be delightful . 
  serbia strong !, 
  yup , i get your point . 
  as far as i know communities on greek islands are very strong , and that contributes significantly to personal happiness . 
  plus the land is really beautiful , climate gentle , and if you have alt least a basic shack , a garden , and a bit of will you can live a simple albeit not so rich life . 
  i think that is why people in the caribbean are happier than most people in the north . 
  in here when the weather drops bellow -25 c. you need a lot of crap just to survive . 
  not to mention the lack of community spirit and permanent grumpy cat expression that is stuck on everybody 's faces regardless of emotions you feel . 
  there were a few articles from the sun ( yeah i know it 's tabloid ) telling stories of people enjoying a work free , welfare funded lifestyle . 
  how true such claims are ? 
  is n't such policy encouraging permanent unemployment and hopelessness in life ? 
  and is such a welfare state the way to go for europe ? 
  they brutalised the girls name . 
  it should be '' \u017divil\u0117 '' . 
  for those journalists that are unfamiliar with the benefits of a hachek it could be `` zivile '', 
  the intentional homicide rate per capita for the uk is 1.2 in usa 4.8 . 
  that would be a much more meaningful way to compare the effectiveness of gun control laws , than just gun homicides . 
  but what about the simple number of homicides , regardless of the tool used ? 
  i think that can be compered between countries quite well , and trends can be easily identified . 
  it is strange that people focus only on gun crime and gun related deaths . 
  it is rather obvious , that with almost no guns in a society , gun crime would go down . 
  however it does not say anything about the society becoming safer or not . 
  i wonder how did the general violence trends changed in the uk in the same ten years i.e. 
  was there more murders and violent attacks per capita or less . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the only case that was seriously discussed was the one that had video evidence . 
  but a lot of the cases were not investigated properly . 
  when the allegations of tax dodging , double accounting and questionable source of the money were announced against him , his first reaction was running away from the police to moscow . 
  that says a lot i think . 
  the ex-communists who now make up the social democrat party . 
  for example our new minister of healthcare has announced last week that he would like to bring back the soviet style healthcare system ( his choice of words alone is staggering : not public , not state funded , but soviet model ) . 
  the populist labor party ( darbo partija , dp for short . 
  and yes we are getting dp treatment from them ) whose leader escaped to russia when an inquiry about the party finances was launched . 
  now the prosecution is in the final stage , but he can not be taken to court , since ha has immunity as a politician . 
  and a third party order and justice , led by a president that was impeached out of office , for allegations of corruption . 
  his election campaign was funded by a representative of a russian oligarch . 
  the electorate mostly is not only ethnic russians ( most of them are ok , and the young ones are just as educated , dedicated as any local youths ) , but older people whose youth coincided with the years of soviet union . 
  because they were young , the world looked pretty back then , and most of them miss the good old days . 
  so a lot of them vote for the people who promise to bring the old days back . 
  there was a number of vote buying incident this election by the way . 
  a sudden raising of the minimum wage by 15 % . 
  due to light progressiveness of our tax system , this results in about 15 euro increase of the real wage , and about 60 euro increase of taxes for the business owners . 
  lots of smallest businesses in the rural areas are unable to afford it and quite a lot some might go bankrupt . 
  this also increases the planed deficit of government , since they also have to pay bigger wages to the people who clean the streets , take out the trash and so on , and generally makes the economic situation worse . 
  however our new government ( a coalition of socialists , populists and kremlin funded criminals ) has been elected by the drunken welfare proles on promise to increase the minimum wage and make everything more fair . 
  so now they are ruining the businesses that were already struggling , putting hardly employable people out of work , filling their pockets while increasing taxes to the poorest , and patting themselves on the back for doing such a good work . 
  sigh ... 
  jup , in lithuania too . 
  we are having -22 c. at the moment and nobody is making a fuss of it . 
  by people who work and create products we use every day ? 
  or by crony politicians and their friends in banks , who , thanks to their political protection , can buy any law they like ? 
  make no mistake big corrupt banker depend on politicians , just as much as politicians depend on the bankers to pay their bills . 
  i want neither of them to have so much power , but the people who work , create and produce should be free . 
  and that is really messed up . 
  the points he makes are good - eu , despite it 's size , capital and human resources , is uncompetitive compared with the rest of the world . 
  being a libertarian i would say that it is due to excessive regulation , taxation and reliance on the state to solve all the problems . 
  these things are the cause of the inflexibility and low innovation that follows . 
  norway sell us your gas pls !, 
  ivan wants to touch us inappropriately each time we offer to buy something from him ... 
  who the hell makes statements like `` fake driving licences are a licence to kill '' ? 
  my point is that rampage killers are not the biggest problem we have . 
  social issues like domestic violance , drunken agression ore simple one on one attacks kill more people in a period of a year in a country half the size of switzerland , than rampage killers kill in the entire world ( with guns or not ) over the same year . 
  rampage killers are a rare , but dramatic case , and most people seem to concentrate on that not , on every day crime . 
  crime which in some cases could be avoided . 
  i am not doubting that guns make killing people much more effective , but they are far from the soure of the problem . 
  i am writing from a country that has twice the murder rate of usa , but guns are involved in only 1.61 % of all the murders happening here . 
  and we have all of the usualy proposed measures agains `` assault weapons '' : restricted magazine sizes , only semi-automatic weapons for civilians , beckground checks , gun safty exams held by the police , no to mention the fact that guns financialy are hardly available to most people . 
  thank you . 
  few people pay proper attention to these simple facts , and the sensationalism in this topic is really out of hand and out of proportion . 
  sure somebody going on a random shooting spree is dramatic news , and that sells well , but mostly it is irrelevant . 
  i can assure you that in my country , that has half the population of switzerland , there were more people killed today by simple drunken beatings , that involved nothing more than fists . 
  you grind up a reasonable amount ( 200-300 g. ) of poppie seeds , boil them in 2-3 l. of watter until the liquid becomes cloudy . 
  then you reduce the heat so the watter is hot but no longer boiling , and add enough honey to make it sweetish . 
  there is no set recipe realy , mostly the thing is done by eye and taste . 
  gives you great dreams , by the way . 
  it 's not renaming him , that is simply the way our language works . 
  lithuanian is a synthetic language - meaning we modify and add morphemes of words to make sense of a sentence . 
  english is analytic - meaning you use various articles ( to , an , a the , this ) to add meaning to sentences . 
  so that is just a way to make sense of his name and use it in every day language . 
  of course we could use m. a. harold , bu that would require effort and a bit of thought and we ca n't have that now can we ? 
  the taboo of masturbation also comes from christianity and judaism . 
  wasting seed is considered a grave sin . 
  one of the names for masturbation is onanism which omes from a biblical character onan , who was killed by the ever so merciful god for wasting his seed . 
  so it just goes a bit deeper , the 19-th century doctors tried to find `` scientifi '' explanations for their christian dogmas , and made up stories about the harm of masturbation , which they `` solved '' with circumcision . 
  he just does not cut it , his facial expressions , manner of speech and voice betray him as a pretentious idiot . 
  anglosphere pulp media - not even once . 
  or even better , `` shoot the fucker in self-defense '' procedure ? 
  a guy getting of with what could be a stolen car vs. the very real possibility of running over pedestrians or crashing in to some random car and killing it 's occupants . 
  property damage vs. lives of bystanders .
