  russia is no theat to eastern europe . 
  they are doing nothing bad . 
  on the other hand usa is invading one european nation after another . 
  they are trying to reestablish their totalitarian empire . 
  clearly they are a threat to the civilized world and russia is the bearer of peace . 
  and if you make the making imposible ( or much harder than in a competing place ) you have nothing to redistribute . 
  why ca n't i buy them in vilnius ?!, 
  i 'm going to latvia and estonia next week , and i 'm bringing back all of your gray peas and i am seriously considering growing them myself . 
  gray peas with bacon are the best thing ever with beer . 
  also they like the model so much that they want to export it all over . 
  how about we learn fron the lesson of 2003 and not let anyone do thos again ? 
  here is a [ simple acapella song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkhq-soi_x8&amp;index=9&amp;list=pl40ujglyadl7gfvosthrk86ctt2oxfahx ) traditionally sung in the end of winter to encourage the warm spring wind to come . 
  also a very interesting [ song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flpixncq6gu ) by the same lithuanian folk group . 
  it 's actually sung in old prussian - a baltic language that has been extinct since 18 century . 
  we also have plenty of good folk-rock groups , but they are not so authentic in their sound . 
  a good example would be [ gerkit sve\u010diai ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukxiqwhaipu ) - a drinking song . 
  stupid or not , baltics , poland and ukraine would be the new frontier in the second cold war ( if it escalates in to that ) . 
  just like west germany was during the first . 
  that part goes to the baltics !, 
  yay , we are significant !, 
  precisely what i have been arguing about . 
  i 'm more inclined to trust a company that has a lot to loose if i stop buying their business , than a government agency that does not give two shits about me . 
  precisely because a lot of government projects turn in to money graves i do not want it to be involved in everything . 
  i do n't think that watter services should be nationalized in all the countries , especially if in some places private or semi private system works . 
  but he is fighting the illegal parkingz !!!, 
  he iz doing somsing !!!, 
  actualy the car was a specialy bought for the purpose . 
  i think that o. wilde once said that the only bad publicity is no publicity . 
  but yeah the money wasting is endemic in our government . 
  we had a [ project ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/valdovu_rumai ) that ended up costing 7 times more than the estimates ( close to a billion litas or 300 million euro ) , and taking 4 years longer than expected . 
  it is pretty much guaranteed that he will be out in the next election . 
  however he is pretty popular for other projects and publicity stunts like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-fwn0fmciu ) . 
  actually they do the exact same job , and they try to charge more for it . 
  that is why they are running at a minus . 
  yet is the operative word here . 
  sorry but i did not know about this program . 
  however i 'm guessing that there will be problems and huge bureaucratic hurdles when the infrastructure will have to be replaced . 
  however there has been no remarkable surge of speed and quality in the last year or two , and the internet was mighty fine before the program too . 
  yeah and i suspect that it will start going downhill from that . 
  but until this program is implemented the internet here is all private . 
  i suspect that it will be another money wasting fiasco as a lot of our governments are . 
  in here there are no subsidies for internet and telecommunication companies . 
  i 'm not sure why would companies with the capability to provide good service would choose not to do so , especially in a competitive environment . 
  i do n't think that business is evil in general , or that all governments always are good and provide great service . 
  it 's only a monopoly if the state makes it so . 
  it is n't always practical for several providers to have the same infrastructure in a single place , however it is not impossible and therefore , it can not be called a monopoly . 
  however if a government makes it illegal for several providers to be in the same place , then it is a monopoly . 
  do n't know about spain ( or catalonia for that matter ) but the baltics have excellent internet infrastructure and it is all private . 
  if my water would be handled like internet is i would be quite happy - there would be two or three companies vying with each other over who will give me the best , cheapest and cleanest watter . 
  in a competitive market profit is a sign that the company is doing a good job ( i.e. 
  providing services that people are willing to pay for ) . 
  also a significant part of the profit is used for reinvestment , modernization an expansion . 
  i see nothing unreasonable with profit , if it is earned fairly in a competitive environment . 
  ** there i can also write in bold latin . 
  same goes for internet . 
  you need an entire system of infrastructure to provide it , but private companies are doing mighty fine in providing it . 
  same happened in lithuania for most of the companies in the nineties . 
  however lately there has been a fashion of creating new state owned firms , that do the same shit as successful private companies . 
  a state owned taxi company was created in vilnius . 
  it runs at a minus , and it is only afloat because vilnius municipality ( the most indebted municipality in lt ) keeps borrowing money to pay for it . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  often it is the case where public companies run at a minus for years and keep using the government budget , while keeping the direct prices low . 
  you pay the full sum , just not directly , but through taxes . 
  and since you do not see the full price of the resource , you are less inclined to save it . 
  food is also vital to survival , but are you sure that food supply should be state run as well ? 
  would you like fries with that ? 
  a shilling for your shilling . 
  but what would you say when you will have to defend your few acres of land not only from the corporation but also from the government that is in bed with it ? 
  given the incentives you can offer ( a vote ) and the corporation can offer ( cash , media coverage , endorsements and so on ) who do you think they will choose ? 
  it 's good that some governments are interested in defending their citizens , but if the current trend continues that will not last long . 
  simple , there would be noone to enforce the stupid shit corporations like monsanto want . 
  how can you force farmers to stop growing `` patented '' crops , if there is no enforcement on patents ( at least on living organisms ) ? 
  how can you make someone sell land to a big commercial farm , if there is no way to push him out of business for not complying to some ridiculous regulation ? 
  how can you allow corporations to pollute land and watter , when for all damage done to private property ( i.e. 
  the land downstream ) must be repaid to the owners of the property and there is no government that can say that it 's ok for a corporation to continue to pollute as long as they are paying a certain fee to the government . 
  property owners would stop corporations from doing things like that , while at the moment most officials bend over backwards to serve them in any way possible , even if that hurts the people they should be protecting . 
  import taxes and tariffs play a big role in this . 
  as far as i know in the usa it is somewhere in the 1000-1500 dollar range . 
  actually you can buy a decent ar-15 for the same amount of money , so it is not cheap by american standards , but they are still in the lower-middle price range . 
  but ak 's are very cheap to make - just sheat metal and wood . 
  i would not be surprised if it takes less than 100 bucks to make one . 
  that is why a lot of third world armies are armed with them . 
  obviously there are millions of them floating around africa and other troubled regions , where they were were sent as aid to `` friendly nations '' in soviet times . 
  as a libertarian , it is very relieving to see that other people start understanding that governments help corporations do their dirty work . 
  if not for various us institutions a corporation like monsanto would have been out of business long ago . 
  but as long as they are able to buy the officials to pass laws like this , and then hire lawyers to pursue innocent people , they will be in power . 
  simple enough that a twelve year old can fire and maintain it , reliable enough that you barely have to maintain it , powerful enough to be effective in most situations . 
  also it 's cheap enough that most people can afford it . 
  it 's a good weapon ( not the best , but you can hardly say that about anything ) , and it is close to a pop culture icon by now . 
  no surprise that a lot of people are panicking that this is their last chance to get it and going on a buying frenzy . 
  i thought that this quote is appropriate . 
  only after posting it i remembered that it is from star wars . 
  oh well , too late now . 
  meesa screwed ap . 
  i suppose two hundred years from now star wars might be quoted like some of the classical works are now . 
  so this is how liberty dies -- to thunderous applause . 
  i would be perfectly fine with that . 
  i would not even mind if polish people can have their names written with unique polish characters , in addition to the official translation just not creating separate passports in polish . 
  that man is a master of keeping a straight face while talking complete bullshit . 
  no , not likely .
