  the ability to drink a lot shows your manliness , or how much of a cool girl you are . 
  also there are the alcoholics in the countryside who can spend weeks in a stupor and only be able to sober up enough to work for a bottle or two then get back on a binge . 
  just two days ago one fine fellow in the province managed to kill four single elderly women for their money , going from house to house . 
  he needed booze money apparently and after the killing he proceeded to get sloshed . 
  when the cops picked him up he was covered in blood and to drunk to be responsive . 
  such is life . 
  about the w. yeah we are slow on that . 
  but to be fair there is no phonetic difference between v and w for lithuanians . 
  similar as to japanese not being able to tell the difference between l and r , or spanish with v and b. 
  and the issue with polish surnames is purely political . 
  most people do n't care about it though . 
  check . 
  if only they would spend that money on manpad 's and portable anti-tank systems like javelin ... 
  they already have a proper name - \u017demait\u0117j\u0117 . 
  i think it is just difficult for people to pronounce it correctly . 
  most people just go with a soft `` f '' `` d '' `` s '' sound when trying to pronounce `` th '' in most words . 
  it is one of the markers of the typical `` eastern european '' accent . 
  you forget the wine , man . 
  no one else makes quevri wine , and georgia has the oldest winemaking traditions . 
  wish you could export mountains though . 
   but nobody would ever say the same about ukraine or moldova - those are somehow perceived truly european and progressive countries for no apparent reasons . 
  i do n't think that is the case . 
  francly even eastern european eu members are often seen as backwards , not progressive countries and with weak democractic mentality . 
  and in some measure that is true . 
  they are seen as going through a process of becoming modern democratic societies , and in some cases are criticised for things that many `` western '' nations get away with easily . 
  it is like they are being tested . 
  that is the sentiment i get from this sub and the news . 
  and ukraine appeared to be making the first step in that direction . 
  that was celebrated and heavily supported . 
  and russian government seems to be moving towards militant nationalism and away feom democracy . 
  so while they might be at the same level now , they seems to be moving in the opposite directions . 
   ukrainian ssr was the most prosperous region . 
  i 've hard the same repeated about every region that does not like to stay in the russian influence . 
  baltics , georgia and now ukraine . 
  being a corrupted shithole was a default state for any region of ussr . 
  some countries just managed to get rid of that inheritance faster . 
  and russian government made damn well sure that ukraine stays a corrupted shithole , and nipped any potential reforms in the bud . 
  hell they even started a war for getting rid of a corrupted asshole that was in power . 
  by the way corruption perception index ranks russia as 136-th , and ukraine as 142-nd . 
  so the corrupt shithole title fits both countries equally . 
  must into protestant and must like weird fish first . 
  oh shut the fuck up . 
  russia has fucked over ukraine for close to hundred years , and yet you still feel the need to boast how superior and progressive you are compared to them , even when that superiority is close to statistically insignificant . 
   retarded little brothers with authority issues , trying to prove something damn that is why i 's so fascinated with the far north ... 
  spree killing is the proper term . 
  oh it can spread just fine from ireland . 
  immagine zombies on ryanair . 
  fences do n't help much against those . 
  quite bad for the wildlife though . 
  especialy rare , big predators like lynx and wolves . 
  you 'll make the kebab extra spicy ? 
  the difference is that you just do n't have to pay lip service to communism . 
  nobody believed that it worked even then . 
  literaly an european fifth-columnist . 
  2:17 footage of `` separatist '' forces bombing mariupol with grads . 
  with commentary about neonazi battalions bombing civilians . 
  oh the irony . 
  it 's pretty much the first usa election where the most popular contestants seem to be either utter wacks ( trump and sanders ) or corrupt babies of the system ( clinton and bush ) . 
  honestly if i was living in the usa this would be the season when i would grab my rifle and go innawoods and start homesteading and tune out politics in general . 
  rand paul probably has no chance right ? 
  well you are more likely to get hypothermia than sunburn this time of year . 
  those dunes are really impressive in the winter , when they are just a mountain of frozen sand . 
  lovely place in summer though . 
  forests ... yeah we have enough them here . 
  nature in the baltics is great , but i just need mountains . 
  the combination of mountains , forests , lakes with relatively little people is pretty much only found in usa . 
  and i 'm not even talking about something like zion valley , the badlands of utah , sierra nevada mountains , sequoya forests or the appalachian trail . 
  damn , i 'll finish building my house and then i 'm saving for a grand tour of the usa . 
  by motorcycle preferably , or hobo train hopping . 
  man i 'm always so jealous of the variety of nature you have in the usa . 
  especially the relatively unspoiled nature you have in the north west near the rockies . 
  commondepress ? 
  commondrunk ? 
  commonpoor , perhaps . 
  soon we will have the honor of being poland 's buffer state . 
  not that i mind that . 
  am i doing this right ? 
  damn , id like to live there ... 
  i could do almost anything for that ... would converting myself to a certain religion and getting a tan work ? 
   intellect is a prerequisite for success far from it . 
  mostly it is determination , narcissism and willingness to exploit/manipulate others . 
  you have to be smart to be a good scientist or entrepreneur , but to be a successful politician you need different characteristics : http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/washington/2009/06/politicians-and-serial-killers.html http://edition.cnn.com/2012/09/13/health/psychopathic-presidents-traits-time/ http://www.campaignsandelections.com/campaign-insider/273/the-6-political-personality-types  after all , if your leaders are retarded then what does that make the populace who elected them ? 
  less and less people vote , especially among the young/intelligent . 
  and in any case politicians are elected by a minority of people ( with 60 % participation and one politician getting 60 % of the votes , only 36 % of people really get what they voted for ) . 
  so no , the elected politicians are not a good representation of the population . 
   there are a lot of checks and balances to ensure that it 's a good outcome i 'm quite skeptical about that since major fuckups like the drug war policy are not being fixed for almost a century , while they have caused untold harm . 
  and i see this as a small step in the wrong direction which will serve as a precedent for other interventions . 
  but yeah that all comes down to the philosophical question of how much government intervention we should have . 
   we see how much this kind of bad habbits can be reduced by group preassure and how many people look at what other people do . 
  yeah people do ... 
  check the statistics on smoking in most of eu . 
  the numbers are falling and fast . 
  did we need to put fines on smokers or simple awareness of the harm it does was enough ? 
  if you are in the 20-30 age group just think about how many of your friends have stopped smoking and drinking and are trying to become healthy with exercise and diets . 
  how many of them keep posting photos of the marathons they run ? 
  no laws were necessary there . 
  being healthy is just becoming fashionable . 
  there are enough people who see this if it is done regularly . 
  like spouse/partner , coworkers , family , friends . 
  and they are more likely to say something if you do stupid shit like that .
