  the best it can produce . 
  that title is reserved to the one and only putin-sensei . 
  in fact all superlatives like best , bravest , kindest , should only be used when talking about the glorious leader . 
  interesting . 
  i 'm planning to do a road trip around the balkans/central europe in the next few years , so i 'll definitely check it out . 
  sadly there are almost none of them in their natural habitat here ( i know only one place where they grow naturally in the forest ) . 
  most are just garden decorations , and they are planted rather recently ( 15-20 years ) . 
  i first saw their tree form only in belgium . 
  oh , [ taxus baccata ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/010/390/pc8jf5t4ewcdkcmu.jpg ) !, 
  at school no , but in universities it is obligatory with some degrees like history . 
  you have to know polish if you want to read quite a lot of old documents . 
   testify in a tribunal in slovene , have the right to receive primary and secondary education in german or ladin same with polish in lithuania . 
  only the id cards will have to be in lithuanian . 
  although there is an almost constant discussion about adding the option of adding your name in your native language to the id card , if the language uses latin or latin based alphabet . 
  it 's really much ado about nothing . 
  i think that sino-tibetan languages have much more logical spelling . 
  also , let 's throw the french out to . 
  they barely know how to use the alphabet . 
  however you seem to care very much about in grouping baltic and slavic :d, 
  basking in irrelevance . 
  but you can choke her with her braids on the wedding night while doing her doggy style ( \u2299 \u203f \u2299 ) . 
   maybe if they had treated their foreign subjects better the soviet union would still be intact no , fukin thank you . 
  if being a shit country to your subjects helped bring it down it 's for the better . 
   i condemn the people who were responsible for them , i think it was a dark time in our history , honestly that is the only thing that people here expect . 
  to see that russians dislike their totalitarian past and do not want to repeat it . 
  shame is completely unnecessary . 
  eastern europe is no place for weaklings . 
  diferent countries , diferent laws . 
  our healthcare is much stingyer with the hard stuff . 
  here you literaly have to be at the last stages of cancer to get proper opiates ( source : my friend is a pharmacist ) . 
  i had a broken leg three years ago . 
  all i got was ketanol and paracetamol . 
  shit sucked bad . 
  opiates , including heroin , are widely used in medicine . 
  only you have to be near death to actualy get them . 
  you can haz guns in switzerland . 
  one of few countries in europe where people are quite relaxed about th topic of firearms , and shooting is mostly seen as a sport for middle aged men . 
  plus a very interesting military model that i 'd wish we would import . 
  yeah , except for the fact that russia is an aggresive fascist state . 
  pilgrimage to touch saint givi 's rotting balls . 
  lol . 
  that it 's quite possible to get along . 
  one side only needs to stop swinging it 's militaristic dick around . 
  how about just developing and trading like normal , neutral countries , with no imperialistic ambitions ? 
  what 's the harm in that scenario ? 
   it 's slightly different from cuba or nk . 
  yeah , it 's much more dangerous and should be held to higher standards . 
  nah most eoropean countries were founded on the idea that the monarch can do what he likes and the peasants will have to deal with the consequences . 
  you 'll still find very few people wanti.g to restrict the power of the government in europe . 
  mostly it 's people thinking that as long as good people are in power they should be allowed to do whatever they like . 
  i dissagree . 
  mussolini had a better taste in architecture . 
  yes yes , russian troops are not dirrectly involved . 
  and they have never been . 
  you are also missing the point , mr. smartypants . 
  everyone knows that ukraine wants to avoid a conventional war with russia . 
  but you va. . . valient people feel the need to remind everyone that russia would probably win in a conventional war . 
  and you people have been repeating that every 5 minutes for like the last three years . 
  you are acting like that kid that is running around in the playground , and shouting my dad can beat up your dad . 
  yes , everyone knows that your dad is an ex convict . 
  good for you . 
  you see , comrade , when i beat you with a stick , it 's actually not me beating you with a stick , i just help the stick gain direction and velocity on it 's natural path towards the center of earth 's gravity , and you just happen to be in the way . 
  since the stick does not reach it 's natural position of rest on the ground , i try to help it , over and over again . 
  you getting beaten up is an unfortunate consequence of this natural process . 
  yes , yes , russia stronk, 
  well , i did n't , that 's for sure . 
  my summary of the movement would probably be `` we are different and important ! '', 
  but that works for most nationalist/national movements . 
  well , confusion is a good thing to avoid . 
  nah , we did not want to beconfused with the polish , so we riped of the czechs . 
  so we have the completely logical and simple letters like \u0105\u0119\u0117\u012f\u016b\u0173\u010d\u0161\u017e . 
  my first thought was that it is simply the polish name for christopher . 
  in lithuanian it would be kristoforas . 
  further more , f was commonly replaced with p some time ago , so it could legitemately be called `` kristoporo pilis '' . 
  best way to name a castle : take a handful of alphabet soup and throw it on the table . 
  if some broken peaces land next to letters , congratulations - you have a new letter !, 
  interestingly enough `` stupid russians are letting putin do evil things , and plenty of stupid , evil russians are helping him . '', 
  is a quite good description of the situation . 
  if the only arguments you are making is `` whatabout usa '' and russia din ' do nufin ' then this aint a discussion . 
  and what they do is if they do not like a country they attack it and kill it 's people . 
  or keep it in a permanent state of subservience , poverty and corruption . 
  us cares about democracy and stability in europe . 
  you can say a lot about their policy in mena , but it has been a positive force in europe for more than a hundred years . 
  if undermining the sovereignity of a shitty aggresive dictatorship is nescessary to prevent my or my neighboring country from getting atacked i am completely fine with that . 
  current plans are 2.5 % by 2020 ( afaik ) and universal military service meaning that everyone after school will serve for a year . 
  hell even i signed up for voluntary service after shit happened in ukraine . 
   tries to undermine and pressure russia yes , tries to undermine and pressure russia in to acting like a normal country , and not like a shitty militaristic dictatorship . 
  it 's a strange world when a mad dog has the most sense . 
  precisely the resson why i always dreamed of going down the silk road on a bicycle . 
  it would be incredible to explore the world only with . 
  the power of your own muscles . 
  the first time i biked the 130 km from the place i live now to my home town was quite an experience . 
  the world looks completely different when you are going 15 km/h and your butt starts to hurt halfway and when you devour a can of tuna with some bread as an incredible delicacly because you are hungry as fuck and the last store you saw was 2 hours and 30 km away and you did not pack much normal food . 
  because it wants a long and extremely detailed prenuptial agreement . 
  all those ttip , cetas and so on just to get in bed with her . 
  the single market is like that ocd lawyer girlfriend that wants you to sign a waiver just to get a handy . 
  definitively [ zervynos ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=zervynos&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiz6tirlsrrahwma5okhxnscrsq_auicsgc&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=969 ) . 
  back to the 90-ties ? 
  it did not prevent thousands of underaged girls from getting raped though . 
  could it just be that few terrorists targeted britain ?
