  if a law that is currently in our parliament ( not an ep initiative , but a reaction to ep requirement to allow sale of agricultural land to foreigners ) passes , in order to buy some farming land in lt you will have to : 1 . 
  have relevant education in agriculture . 
  have a farmers permit ( 200 euro and lots of paperwork ) . 
  have no less than 3 years of farming experience ( and not just renting the land , you will have to meet certain quality standards and quotas in your production ) . 
  you literally have to be a farmer with experience to get some land for farming . 
  the land sale will have to be approved by a committee of local farmers and bureaucrats . 
  ( local farmers will be able to decide if they want competition or not . ), 
  be able to speak lithuanian . 
  ( foreign investment in the aggro business ? 
  screw that . 
  we need our empty fields of nettles , thistles and dandelions . 
  they are a sacred relic of the peoples ! ) . 
  mentioning the l-word usually gets you downvoted and called a fifteen year old on this sub . 
  it 's been a long and shitty weak and i need a drink . 
  or five . 
  if you are interested in beers in particular , you can check out some great articles in this [ blog ] ( http://www.garshol.priv.no/blog/239.html ) . 
  the best beer bars are actually in vilnius , and from the three major cities it will be the only one which deserves more than one day stay ( the devil museum in kaunas is definitely worth a visit tho ) . 
  has inflation already made them valueless ? 
  no just a rider cutting down fleeing enemies . 
  both in lithuanian ( vytis ) and in polish ( pogo\u0144 ) and belorussian ( pahonia ) it means something like the chase or the pursuer . 
  cold borsch too ? 
  the one made from kefir , beats , dill , cucumbers and served with hot potatoes ? 
  they are in effect banning uber from functioning as uber . 
  the `` comply with taxi regulations '' part means that they can not do business in the way they are used to , and that , while not direct , is a ban . 
  it 's like saying that you can continue selling hotdogs , as long as they are burgers . 
  mars is in opposition at the moment so no surprise that little green men have started showing up . 
  i think we used to have a few [ l-39c albatros ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:aero_l-39za_albatros,_lithuania_-_air_force_an0633003.jpg ) fighters even before joining nato . 
  but since they are obsolete in the 21 century , the military has opted for removing them from active service and giving the air policing mission to nato . 
  i think they are only used for training now . 
  but you are completely right that our primary objective in joining nato is defense . 
  even the armed forces are trained not to stop russian forces but to delay them as much as possible , and to hold strategic roads and transport hubs while nato reinforcements arrive . 
  stopping them would basically be impossible , since russian armed forces ( active and reserve personnel ) have almost as many soldiers as the general population of lithuania . 
  and some of them are stationed an hours drive away from where i 'm typing this comment from . 
  nope sorry but nato fighters have been stationed in lithuania since [ 2004 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_air_policing ) . 
  only the number of fighters has gone up since trouble started in ukraine . 
  and common military drills with poland happen almost every year . 
  the scenario they are preparing for has always been invasion from the east . 
  most people are killed by someone they know . 
  ca n't find statistics at the moment , but as i recall something like 75 % of murders are committed by the spouse . 
  perhaps that is a defensive strategy ? 
  you know if we do n't have balls , no one can catch us by them ? 
  wtf are you talking about , man ? 
  ultra liberalism anarcho-capitalism in eu ? 
  can i simply stop paying my taxes ? 
  can i start a business without filling a single form ? 
  can i legally buy drugs , guns and hookers anywhere in the eu ? 
  is government spending 0 % and all the public services ( healthcare , police , water , electricity and so on ) private and participating in these thing not mandatory ? 
  if you can answer yes to all these questions , then you can say that eu is ultra liberal or ancap . 
  if not , and it obviously is not ( public spending in most eu countries is about 40 % , you would get thrown in jail for not paying taxes , and last time i checked it was very hard and illegal to get the guns , drugs and hookers i want ) we are living in a soft form of socialism or social democracy and that is quite far from ancapistan . 
  what you have in this case is just some german crony saying that cash , not principles comes first . 
  and in private most , if not all , politicians would agree to that . 
  i realize that you are probably just attempting to troll ( new account and all ) , but please stop using words you do n't understand and that are completely out of context . 
  `` libert\u00e9 , \u00c9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 '' was the motto of french revolution and it is not the rallying cry of liberalism and especially libertarianism . 
  liberalism ( especially the american kind , which in europe would definitely be called some form social democracy ) concerns itself with positive freedom - the kind you described perfectly . 
  in order to live a free and happy life you need certain things - health , safety and some form social security . 
  negative freedom is freedom from intervention by other actors . 
  in political context it usually means governments . 
  the best expression of negative freedoms is the american bill of rights . 
  negative freedoms are formulated as `` the congress shall make no law ... the right to bear arms shall not be infringed '' and so on . 
  the libertarian approach is that if you want freedom , do not make a thousand and one laws and regulations on how people can conduct business . 
  you want equality , make no laws that give privileges to some group of people ( rich fucker , politicians and so on ) . 
  you want fraternity , do not make barriers for trade and ensure that contracts are kept ( i.e. 
  stop cheating ) . 
  a libertarian government should not concern it self with giving people what they want . 
  it should protect peoples lives and their property and that 's it . 
  it should make people free by not controlling them and allowing them to live and work . 
  i 'm not saying that this is the best way , and that eu should become a libertarian federation , or should follow usa ( which in some regards has even less freedom ) , but a guy that suggested that eu could have libertarian party to participate in the democratic process and offer a contrary opinion to the social democrat/progressive/moderate nationalist circlejerk , should not be downvoted to hell and called a fifteen year old . 
  ahh r/europe ... we are all for diversity of opinion and human rights , except you know the right to be left alone , the right to keep what you earn , right to make contracts with no meddling of third parties , the right not so be spied upon . 
  and we shall downvote anyone who considers freedom his primary principle . 
  there is an old joke about the ussr : the president of communist czechoslovakia wrote a request to moscow . 
  they wanted to open a ministry of naval affairs . 
  the reply from moscow read : why do you need a ministry of naval affairs ? 
  you have no ports and no access to the sea !, 
  the reply from prague read : is that so ? 
  then why do you need a ministry of culture ? 
   lack of world outlook and imposition of alien values , including by means of pseudo art , leads to mental distress , which is manifested through the increase in crime , alcoholism , drug addiction , through the increase in the number of suicides and abandoned children 's parents , through the increase of morbidity and mortality [ ... ] damn this just sounds like someone is bringing back the ban on degenerate art ... 
  from chernobyl ? 
  i , for one , welcome the arrival of our eastern saviors . 
  it will give me and plenty of other people some well needed moving target practice . 
  there are four essential categories of weapons , and four levels of restrictions . 
  starting from the least restricted category : d. pepper spray , tazers , air rifles ( under certain power ) , bows extendable batons , and other non-lethal ( or less lethal options ) . 
  you only need to be 18 to buy them . 
  c. hunting shotguns , non lethal gas and rubber bullet pistols , replicas of ancient weapons ( think blackpowder ) , hunting rifles which fit less than 4 rounds . 
  must get a police background check , medical and psychological evaluation , and for hunting weapons , must be member of hunting club . 
  mostly everything else except full auto weapons . 
  handguns , revolvers , semi-auto rifles and so on . 
  must get a police background check , medical and psychological evaluation , must be over 23 years old mandatory gun safety course and exam , must have safe for weapons . 
  full auto fire capable weapons . 
  military , police or security personnel only . 
  ammo can be sold only to people who have relevant permits for that caliber ( an owner of a 9 mm can only buy 9 mm bullets and nothing else ) . 
  every 5 years you have to check in your gun at the local police station for ballistic tests . 
  i think the laws are fairly sensible . 
  it prevents dangerous people from acquiring weapons ( legally at least ) , but people who are interested in acquiring weapons for hunting and self defense can get them . 
  murder rates are quite high in lithuania , but they usually do not involve firearms . 
  mostly axe murders and drunken beatings . 
  you are allowed to use lethal force in case of home invasion , threat to your life of bodily harm . 
  you are also allowed to use lethal force to protect somebody else , however the harm you do must not be greater than the harm the crime could potential do i. e. you can not shoot a thief trying to steal you cars stereo , because property < life , however if somebody pulls a knife on you , fire away . 
  one part i do not like is that you can only shoot in a shooting range . 
  there are vast amounts of open , safe countryside where you could plink with a .22 pistol or an air rifle , but that is illegal . 
  i am working on getting a permit at the moment , and questions about this will be included in the exam , so i can recite most of the stuff by heart .
