  if we , humans are retarded and can not live without rules governing every step of our lives , then what makes you think that the people in power making the rules and enforcing them are also not retarded and the way they will make the rules is also not going to be bad ? 
  than think long and hard about the politicians in your country . 
  are they an example of the best and brightest humanity has to offer ? 
  or are they on the contrary the people you would trust the least , the people who would do pretty much anything to get in power and stay there ? 
  i for one would trust the people around me ( that is my family and friends ) to know what is better for me and my children and not my local politicians . 
  and no matter what good intentions they have , their solutions to problems are pretty much always worse than the problems they are fixing . 
  i would love to see the statistics on what percentage of smokers smoke in their cars with their kids inside them . 
  then we could talk about weather or not people understand it . 
  i think that it is just a simple case of politicians raking in the cheap '' [ would somebody please think of the children ?!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rybni0kb1bg ) '' credit , while wasting policeman 's time . 
  it will not become more common if people are completely divorced from the effects of their actions . 
  babying adults and saying that it is a big no no if you blow smoke in your kids face will not help . 
  simple social pressure should be enough in such cases . 
  while smoking in your car when there are kids inside is definitely bad , fining people for that and wasting officers time to enforce such a ban is just ridiculous . 
  it 's just one of those things where common sense should be enough . 
  i do n't like the tendency to legislate each and every thing that is bad or unhealthy for you and those around you . 
  adults should be able to understand such things . 
  also the use of biological and chemical weapons on civilians is a big no no . 
  8/10 would eat with dark beer . 
  invest in my trademark pending four step pension plan : 1 . house 2 . fence 3 . garden 4 . 
  shotgun the only inflation/recession/budgetary crisis proof pension plan !, 
  says the welshman . 
  hmm do n't know about the new ones , but here you are not even alowed to buy .357 if you own an .38 . 
  38 's are only really popular as small , light concealed carry revolvers . 
  government services being free line always causes me to reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  yep , i agree with why bigger caliber revolvers are more popular . 
  only it 's the other way around with revolvers .357 can take .38 , but .38 can not take .357 as they are higher pressure and more powerful . 
  longer bullet case means that more powder can fit , ergo more power . 
  oh a post about healthcare !, 
  this could be interesting !, 
  and it immediately turns in to an anti-american circlejerk ... oh / r/europe i am disappoint ... also how much do they pay in taxes ? 
  yeah stressful situations can cause such stupid mistakes . 
  one of the fundamental rules of safety is keeping your finger off the trigger until you are ready to fire . 
  i 'm undergoing military training now and trust me you can get your ass kicked very severely for keeping your booger hook on the bang switch . 
  it is not if the weapon has a safety which prevents you from firing when you pull the trigger . 
  in an emergency situation it would be damn hard to pull out and cock the gun . 
  you need two hands for that and if someone is attacking you , you will most likely not be able to do that . 
  so most self defense instructors recommend carrying with a bullet in the chamber and with safety on if it is a semi auto pistol . 
  in the case of revolvers it does not even apply since if the drum is full , one bullet is always aligned with the barrel . 
  most revolvers do n't even have a safety , but they compensate for that with a very long and hard trigger pull if you do not cock back the hammer ( meaning you will hardly fire by accident by just pressing the trigger ) . 
  also revolvers are not necessarily high caliber . 
  the most popular one ( .38 special ) is the same diameter and even lower in power than the nato standard 9 mm . 
  yeah and especially that one of those sovereign , independent and propaganda-free , russia-friendly countries is north korea . 
  i was actually replying to a person , who was saying that more handguns would not be useful in case of invasion . 
  so , no i was not thinking about hot polish girls jujitsuing sleeping russian soldiers to death even if that idea is quite appealing . 
  in iraq , illiterate 14-year old usually perform such attacks in public places . 
  if there is enough will , there is a way , ninja training or not . 
  well if 2 out of 10 people in poland would be armed in some way and just 1 out of 8 those people would be that kind of person that is able to shoot someone up close , you would still have something close to a million dead enemy soldiers . 
  yes , people will continue to die . 
  they always have . 
  i 'd even guess that in the next 120 years all the people that are alive now will be dead . 
  no but they can do a lot against the tank drivers , grunts and officers when they are chilling in a bar , shopping for food , sleeping and so on . 
  guerrilla wars are fought with murders not with battles . 
  never relax , because of sweed sneak attacks !, 
  thanks !, 
  i hope to visit it one day , since it is only a day 's drive away . 
  probably the problem i had with saaremaa was that entire three days i was there were non stop rain . 
  so i spent most of the days driving around but not getting out of the car much and the evenings in a small old cabin reading a book and drinking beer with smoked fish . 
  also had a bit of an existential crisis at the moment so that did not help with the impression . 
  but i loved the nature , sheep , rock juniper and all that . 
  the best part was definitely the walk to kiipsaare lighthouse . 
  i did not regret getting soaked to the undies while walking there . 
  interesting . 
  i guess that living in partial isolation does that to you ... is hiiumaa island worth visiting ? 
  i 've been to saaremaa , i love nature and secluded places , but i was not particularly impressed by it . 
  out of curiosity , what are the jokes about islanders ? 
  sheepshaging or something else ? 
  very concerning . 
  guess our friendly neighbor is practising . 
  then close the door and set building on fire ? 
  it was highly likely with both of them . 
  hillary was also hawkish as hell . 
  i just hope that trump will limit his cooperation with russia to the middle east and not much will change in europe . 
  even he should realize that nothing good would come out of nato showing weakness and unwillingness to defend their borders . 
  kek is a god of chaos . 
  things may still change and his wrath still looms above us . 
  only epic gets can tell the future . 
  all hail emperor keksimilianus the first !!!, 
  may his gets be epic , may his memes be strong , and may pepe be with him !!, 
  sorry but no , this election clearly shows that power should be limited . 
  in a functioning democratic system even a very bad president should not be able to fuck things up too much - constitution , bill of rights and other branches of the government should not allow him to do that . 
  democracy is about limited power of the government , because if you give to much power to a single institution , you have to think about what happens when that power gets in to wrong hands . 
   2016 is going to go down as one of the worse years in this century . 
  there is 84 years to go before you make that call . 
  do n't be so optimistic about the future . 
  we have been doing the shopping and reading for good two years now . 
  no , it 's just time we stop looking for protection from others and make it so that russia would not even think of overstepping it 's borders . 
  or just say fuck it and get some nukes in ee . 
  classic case of bootleggers and baptists . 
  is n't it illegal for people to buy firearms under 18 ? 
  afaik parents can buy their kid a long gun , but kids themselves ca n't . 
  for pistols the age is 21 . 
  so not quite true . 
  and the nanny state goes marching on , on , on !, 
  i wonder when will driving will be included in this statistic ? 
  because being the family taxi takes a lot of time , is disproportionately done by men ( form my experience ) and is never considered as work by all the warriors fighting for equality . 
  ladies and gents , now is the time to buy alembics for distilation , casks for fermentation and prepare for diy inebriation . 
  let 's learn the craft of our ancestors , for it shall keep us warm and happy these long four years . 
  if anyone knows how to make good , simple beer , please share . 
  i can make somewhat decent mead , and can share some sources which describe how to make distilation machines .
