  the other 40 % are also mostly raw materials . 
  so if prices for them become volatile , russian economy goes down . 
  now it can still be a matter of debate , what caused the current crisis - economic sanctions or the fall in oil price . 
  possibly both , however the sanctions afaik are quite anemic . 
   i do n't think estonia feels a strong connection with anything south of latvia . 
  great way to proove my point . 
  oh look , another few month old russian account , that goes all `` where is proofs , buthurt balts , usa has no need to be in ee '' . 
  also with the additional shitty memes and teenage arogance . 
  nice , i love svaneti !, 
  planing to do a hike from mestia to ushguli , next time i 'm in georgia . 
  i ' t something like 3 days and 70 km uphill , but it 's the best way to see the place . 
   western eurasian heritage more likely it is an abrahimic religion thing , since abrahimic religions tend to be very monopolistic on their believers faith . 
  i 've never even heard the term western eurasian heritage . 
  is it commonly used ? 
  to be fair killing other people because of their religion is part of culture and heritage pretty much in any part of the world . 
  some just managed to leave those traditions behind . 
  i think the initiative will not pass . 
  representatives from several countries have already said that they will outright reject it ( now all three ministers from the baltic states ) , petition against it has something like 300k signatures , and afaik the debate about it was a total failure with only few week voices from belgium and britain voicing support for the semi auto ban . 
  so maybe , just maybe things will stay as they are . 
  hell the current events might even spark a movement in the other direction . 
  people are already buying firearms en masse because they are feeling not safe . 
  maybe more people will start demanding easier access to firearms in their countries . 
   it 's not that hard to acquire guns throughout western europe , especially in places like paris or brussels only illegally . 
  have cash on hand and you can get the best balkans and middle east has to offer . 
  now if you are a french or belgian citizen and want to do it legally ... 
  safe to say it is a much more complicated procedure . 
  and you are saying that as an argument why only police should be armed ? 
  only western europeans mock them . 
  the parts of europe east of berlin remember quite well what it feels like to be unarmed against criminals and to be at the total mercy of the government . 
  you should check the thread about the danish girl with peperspray . 
  plenty of britons going all `` you do n't need that , the police will help you . '', 
  but then again , weapons are a thing that you do not need , until you need them realy badly . 
  just like a fire extinguisher . 
  well it 's a shame that only now europeans have started to see the need for the right to defend themselves , and to have the tools nescessary for the job . 
  first of all that statistic includes suicides . 
  that makes this list irrelevant to any discussion about safety . 
  choosing to end your life with a gun is no more or less wrong than choosing to do it with medications , knife or a noose . 
  i live in a country that has approximately 70 times less firearms than usa and yet twice as many homicides . 
  so firearms are not necessary for murders and do not correlate with them . 
  if you would remove gangbangers and drug dealers from the statistics in usa ( the drug war is retarded and causes of a lot of the deaths ) the homicide rate would be close to that of many western european states . 
  and you know what , i would really be more comfortable with the idea that people can defend themselves if they need to , using any means necessary and have a higher `` firearm death rate '' , then be forced to defend myself with a screwdriver . 
  or even worse try to fight against a tyrannical government with nothing but improvised weapons . 
  and that is not just some idle fantasy . 
  that was a reality 25 years ago in my country . 
  and i would rather die than see that again . 
  seriously . 
  it is shit like this that makes me consider moving to new hampshire . 
  people in western europe are so docile and have no sense of freedom or independence . 
  the mommy state will take care of it all . 
  and what is worse , they are trying to drag the others down with them . 
  peperspray being banned for civilian use is enough cause for an outrage . 
  it 's good that you live in such a safe place . 
  but not everyone does . 
  i 've used my peperspray two times in the last year . 
  once against a dog , another time against an aggressive gopnik . 
  it would have been worse if i would have had to use a knife , but that is my second option . 
  well it 's good that they do n't want us as well . 
  also there is the old fashioned authoritarianism that is rearing it 's ugly head in a lot of europe and the world . 
  from the not-yet-quite-fascit russia , to the strongman politics in hungary and ( with trump on the horizon ) usa . 
  maybe we will also see a left wing pc nanny state form of authoritarianism in western europe . 
  just giving money with little accountability always leads to disastrous results . 
  it leads to corruption , nepotism , and even less stability . 
  what is true for usa and afghanistan/iraq is also true for eu funded projects in eastern europe . 
  only when people have to work for their money in a competitive environment do they create a stable society . 
  nah , the far right also wants to nationalize vital industries , so they can make their country great with them . 
  even the nazi party was officially a socialist party . 
  the real political opposition is authoritarianism/libertarianism . 
  not left/right . 
  how the times have changed . 
  the english are leading the campaign for the disarmament of the peasants now . 
  it 's hard to see all the syringes on google street view . 
  but the ground is full of them . 
  you know all of that ( free healthcare , public education , industrialisation , etc. ), 
  happened in the rest of europe wothout the help of glorious ussr , and the famine , poverty , repression that accompanies it . 
  and defeating the nazis is hardly an achievement , when you start the same war with them hand in hand . 
  but what do i know , i 'm just a butthurt nazi right ? 
  seriously , there was nothing good about that shithole . 
  all progress that happened , happened despite of soviet rule , not because of it . 
  the only reason why people remember it fondly is because they were young when ussr still existed , and the world always looks brighter and better when you are young . 
  since our gypsies do not live in apartment blocks , we have a few places like [ this ] ( https://www.google.lt/maps/@54.627306,25.2662676,3a,75y,179.29h,72.39t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sgzuinhtdzemi-dlyuvc7-g!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=lt ) . 
  as usual it is a center of drug trade and prostitution . 
  desire to stalk intensifies . 
   croat-lithuanian commonpoor . 
  ftfy, 
  i like it that it is quite normal and traditional to name your children after trees here . 
  it 's not just hippies that do that , that is an old tradition . 
  for example my parents are foresters . 
  they keep close touch with their old course mates . 
  and literally if any of them have girls , there names are egl\u0117 ( spruce tree ) , ieva ( hackberry tree and also biblical eve ) or liepa ( linden tree ) . 
  for guys i have a friend named \u0104\u017euolas ( oak tree ) , i 've heard of guys named uosis ( ash tree ) , ber\u017eas ( birch tree , this one is less traditional ) , and for example the name \u017dilvinas is derived from the name for a subspecies of willow ( \u017eilvitis ) . 
  yeah not like a significant part of those subsidies are going to french winemakers , and not like they are actively paying people here to not breed cows and keep their fields empty . 
  i know a few people in my home town who are getting money just for cutting grass on their fields . 
  if they would plant something there , they would simply get less . 
  so no they are not treating it like a strategic resource . 
  long and hard day at work and two strong beers must have killed my sarcasm detector and probably my reading comprehension . 
  or are you implying that eu is not meddling enough in agricultural affairs ? 
  maybe that is why agricultural sector in europe is hardly sustainable ? 
  you know , you can keep a person on life support just for so long . 
   nationalized agriculture you mean starvation , right ? 
  has any form of nationalized agriculture ever lead to anything else ?
