  they deserve a honorable mention . 
  to bad i did not find a place that makes bigos ... 
  if you are staring down the barrel you are doing it wrong ... you should be staring down the sights . 
  without a doubt , latvia . 
  similar nature , architecture , language , even the food products in the store are in many cases made by the same companies . 
  the most foreign thing in latvia was the peacefulness and isolation that you can find deep in the courland region . 
  hard to find that in lithuania . 
  they will send forth their army of sea-men that numbers in the hundreds of millions . 
  no one shall escape their coming . 
  sorry i did not understand your comment . 
  i took it that you would like to standardize the languages in the so called countries . 
  so i proposed an alternative of just introducing a second language and not doing social engineering . 
  frankly english now has earned the same de facto status of universal language that latin or french once had . 
  so i do n't believe that ensuring that everyone leaves school able to speak english would be a bad thing or comparable to social engineering . 
  also sealand is already a country , and they have strongly expressed their wish not to be incorporated in any other state . 
  how about universal second language , say english ? 
  that would solve the problems , and we are already close to it . 
  oh , you should be ashamed of yourself if you are not on some sort of list for potential domestic terrorism by now !, 
  can [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hp4j-bj6x7w ) be our marching song as we unify ostland under the flag of hakenkreuz ? 
  i cant even in to proper fascist speak :(, 
  yep , and they want us to interrogate them for not joining an army that was actively occupying our country , at the time when lithuania has already declared independence . 
  you could not make stuff like this up . 
  i 'm guessing that next up they could start to retroactively accusing people for inciting separatism ( now a crime in russia ) during the break up of ussr . 
  sigh ... get my jackboots and my armband maa , they know we are fascists now . 
  i guess it 's invasionzeit !, 
  in years 1990 - 1991 in particular . 
  you know when lithuania announced independence and ussr still did not recognize it . 
  they continued dragging people to an army of a country that tried to deny our nation 's independence . 
  later the same army was used for a violent crackdown on the protests . 
  and the fuckers still have the nerve to persecute people for it . 
  piotr bulbash ? 
  really high to write those numbers like that . 
  but on a side note : damn you estonia !, 
  you must be better at everything do you !, 
  our highest hill is only 294 m high ... 
  i actualy have a fiskars billhook and the cheap-o machete and i still prefer the machete . 
  about thoese chickens ... well my grampa used an axe to do it but i would not call it a great bonding moment ... 
  well the black market which is a direct result of regulation is one of the most innovative spheres in the economy . 
  just this summer there was a report of a drone smuggling cigarettes from kaliningrad to lithuania . 
  i 'm guessing electronic device repair and modification shops will become a thing soon . 
  or some clever company will start making low powered vacuumes with easily replaceable engines . 
  and make a completely unrelated hight power engine for electronic devices . 
  or an awesome tool for chopping light to medium vegetation - branches shrubs and so on . 
  it 's a very useful tool , even in northern climates . 
  i 've worked in the forest for some time , and it was one of my favorite tools . 
  very cheap as well - i 've bought mine for aproximately 6 euro . 
  shame that people use it for such purposes . 
  i 'm a dictator of a microstate that i is my body , and i take possesion of the fruits of my labor . 
  i 'm not forcing anyone to associate with me or listen to me , if they do n't want to . 
  as long as people i respect my sovereignty over myself i have no quarrel with them . 
  i do n't understand how that is dictatorship and how somebody deciding for me what to do with my body and the fruits of my work is freedom and even anarchy - absence of coercion . 
  why ? 
  none of the above is illegal in my country . 
  it 's not that i do n't want to share my ideas , it 's just that i do n't think that the lifestyle is suitable for everyone . 
  and if it 's not , i see no problems with others living the way they like if they grant me the same right . 
  there is no reason to move anywhere since i can do all that in my county as well . 
  and i believe that north-eastern european winters give you some experience ho to deal with harsh weather and live without some luxuries in general . 
  although i would love it if there would be some mountains here . 
  i do n't think that everyone should live the same way and have the same values as me . 
  my choice is not a recipe for other to follow and they could and should live like they want , as long as i am free to pursue happiness without unwanted interference . 
  i think that plurality of systems could coexist so there is no reasons for a collapse . 
  what if i 'm the kind of anarchist that believes in private property ? 
  i just want to separate from the bullshit of the state and most of society i was forced to participate in and live in my plot of land in peace . 
  after all h. d. thoreau is my favorite anarchist . 
  i think that individualist anarchism is a part of the anarchist tradition . 
  and i do n't think that there is a single `` right '' form of anarchism . 
  if we can manage to keep off each other 's back i think that ancoms ancaps and all those in between can live in peace . 
  or since borrowing becomes dirt cheap people go on a consumption binge like they did in in 2000-2009 and we get back the same market bubble that was before and get the associated crash . 
  but seriously saving becomes incredibly stupid in this environment . 
  sounds like fun !, 
  since only stupid people will keep their money in a bank i have devised a four step investment program , that just might prove useful . 
  it goes like this : 1 . 
  house . 
  fence . 
  garden . 
  shotgun . 
  no thanks . 
  next up - negative interest rates !, 
  ecb : `` we bribe you to borrow from us ! '', 
  we love you guys :'), 
  our second largest city . 
  ( just like shit is not butter , kaunas is not a city . ), 
  it 's quite paradoxical since kaunas is considered the most `` lithuanian '' city . 
  for a long time it was and still sometimes is considered the chav ( in local slang the fauna is called [ marozas ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uzu58n-sso ) ) capital . 
  hah lithuanian is `` myliu tave '' . 
  strangely similar . 
  whatabout , whatabout , whatabout !? 
  do n't you get tired doing that ? 
  how are events a hundred years ago in a completely different part of the world relevant to the things we are discussing ? 
  i think human rights standards in the 21 century should be a bit higher than they were in 1920-ies . 
  and what to do in the case if i think that in both instances the governments were wrong in not allowing protests ? 
  yep how dare they throw out a president that tried to make protesting punishable by up to 15 years in jail and squash all possible opposition . 
  [ source in case public memory is short ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-protest_laws_in_ukraine ) . 
  they should have waited one more year and everything would have been fine . 
  next election would have been all fair and dandy . 
  they will strongly urge the people getting killed by isis fighters to consider a diplomatic solution to the problem and then several strongly worded letters will follow encouraging isis to become a mote tolerant and religiously diverse country . 
  seriously frau ribentrop 's must really not have a spine to be able to bend over backwards like that . 
  yep , no imperialism in russia . 
  none what so ever . 
  no nationalism and fundamentalism .
