  i am planing on getting a pistol for home protection and an decently accurate and powerful rifle in case ivan comes . 
  it was supposed to be a joke , man . 
  maybe i just frequent all sorts of economic and political subreddits to often , and was just thinking , `` oh god just not another keynes vs. hayek debate !, 
  '' , that such topics often degenerate in to . 
  i just wanted to say that this is not the time and place to promote any fringe economic theory . 
  then you are two kinds of stupid . 
  yes that is the kind of discussion i intended to prevent . 
  all the keynesian `` hur dur that is why you are poor ! '', 
  inb4 the paradox of thrift . 
  expanded latin , which is very common in eastern europe , can deal perfectly well with digraphs . 
  in lithuanian ( and czech , from which we copied the letters ) \u010d stands for ch ( as in cheat ) - \u0161 stands for sh as ( in sheep ) and \u017e stands for an entire mess that the english write as jean , hedge , mirage and so on . 
  the problem is that the romans did n't know d\u017eack \u0161it about the use of the alphabet and the engli\u0161 and fren\u010d copied everything they did . 
  russia really wanted to have some minority people from estonia/latvia/lithuania / ukraine , so they tried to import them somewhere in the 50-ties . 
  to bad , but they did not live very long . 
  guess the climate in siberia does not fit them very well ... :( / s, 
  how so ? 
  do they threaten to invade us and recreate the holly eastern european states of america ? 
  when was the last time when americans did mass deportations and killings in the region ? 
  ( lets leave iraq out of this for now ) . 
  so is russia a threat to the former soviet nations ? 
  broken leg couch politicians unite !, 
  i 'm also stuck at home with a broken ankle and i pass my time by trawling for all the information i can get on other territories russia has it 's paws in . 
  here is a bit [ darker ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddyhnkxjqky ) documentary on transnistria . 
  managed to brake it going down a hill in a sled during the only two weeks this winter when we had snow . 
  on the one hand it is good that lithuania did not do anything similar . 
  only approximately 6 % of people here identify as russians , and after the fall of ussr those that stayed here got lithuanian citizenship 's no questions asked ( except ex-kgb , nkvd , omon and so on . ) . 
  none of them can whine that they are oppressed in any way . 
  on the other hand traitorous cunts like [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viktor_uspaskich ) can get in power and sabotage the government from within . 
  he ran away to moscow twice when courts decided to arrest him on charges of corruption and money laundering , and he is still the head of one of the ruling parties . 
  sometimes i wish that we implemented a sort of `` children of the corn '' solution , where none of the people who were in any way in power or in office in the old ussr were able to take part in the modern lithuanian government . 
  and now since we have an entire generation that did not live under soviet rule we could simply form a government entirely from young people . 
  no not really , but i believe it was from `` hybrid theory '' . 
  i think it was one of the big hits - `` crawling '' or `` numb '' . 
  they did not like limp bizkit as well . 
  damn , i 've wasted my youth listening to nu metal ... 
  my first reaction was to check the translation in wikipedia . 
  i know a bit of russian and polish so it was not too difficult to gather some of the words . 
  for example even before the translation i had the last line right down to the word . 
  dance moves similar , music should be replaced with crappy 90-ties pop ( think scooter and ace of base ) , techno and a bit of russian pop for good measure . 
  also girls look and act like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fg3whnsg4mi ) . 
  source : almost got beat up for playing linkin park in a disco like that in 2003 . 
  saying that homosexuality was normal and not a mental disorder would be considered `` defilement of the family '' under this piece of legislative toilet paper . 
  well yes , if we call the basement dwellers that will do anything to the contrary of the main stream `` libertarians '' then i guess a lot of them support putin , when they are behind their cum encrusted keyboards . 
  irl if they would live under such rule i think he would be `` literally worse than hitler '' . 
  i 'm not sure that any libertarians are supporting him . 
  the last time people in those circles were rooting for putin was when he stopped us involvement in syria . 
  libertarianism is for non-interventionism in foreign politics and definitely anti-war so it can be justifiable . 
  and definately none of them are thinking that neo-faschist russia is a better alternative to modern western democracies . 
  that runs contrary to any sort of libertarian principles . 
  libertarians in eastern europe ( you know where things like occupation in crimea are still a real threat ) are actually becoming more conservative and even a bit nationalistic when things like that happen . 
  some of my libertarian friends are even considering volunteering for military service . 
  and victory for common sense . 
  so sad that in every parliament there has to be one joker that proposes stupid shit like that and give bad pr to an entire country . 
  cool , thanks for the link . 
  there are some problems with any form of public ownership of goods and means of production ( i assume that most forms of communism and socialism fall under this ) from an economic standpoint . 
  hayek 's critique best in my opinion . 
  it is impossible to avoid two problems in any form of marxism . 
  the problem of price and the problem of calculation . 
  value is subjective , however marx tried to define value of products in objective terms , and based his whole economic and political model on it . 
  on a side note maybe that is the problem of all the marxist/socialist/communist revolutions ? 
  that at some point power has to be given to one group of people . 
  that there is always a vanguard of the revolution . 
  be it the communist party or the proles . 
  when any group has all the power it will abuse it . 
  in a market economy all social and economic power is decentralized - business , people and the state compete for power over each other and that is why it is much harder for one group to assume complete domination . 
  damn it 's sad . 
  when the state becomes a business for the people in power common people suffer more than under any form of government . 
  no free competition to separate good business from the bad , and no state to protect you from exploitation and unfair play . 
  i really would like russia to become a modern , democratic and prosperous state . 
  only then the people in the baltics would feel safe and would be able to get rid of the `` enemy at the gates '' mentality that creates a lot of useless hostility . 
  yeah i knew the joke , and ukraine 's history is one the best ( and most tragic ) illustrations for it . 
  the other being cuba , a lush , tropical , incredibly fertile island having to ration fruits in the 70-ies . 
  they literally had problems becoming a banana republic . 
  a lot of people say that communism is not inherently bad , but each and every attempt to implement it was a complete failure . 
  and the only communist countries that have managed to provide a decent standard of life for their citizens ( like china ) have moved further and further from the communist model and more and more towards some form of market economy . 
  even hardline socialist countries like venezuela are suffering from economic collapse . 
  so even if communism is not inherently evil , it is inherently doomed to failure . 
  it just does not work in practice . 
  and since it does not work , it can only be kept up by force and violence . 
  that is why everyone wants your soil !, 
  yep it 's called the bread basket of europe for a reason . 
  1/3 of all the grain used in europe comes from ukraine . 
  and stalin and co. managed to starve the place . 
  according to my grandma , overwhelmingly yes . 
  can we join too ? 
  it 's much better being a german , and not a russian province . 
  the more i think about it , the more i come to the conclusion , that while though independence and a bit of an empire in the 15-18 centuries was nice , in the long run it would have been better to have been invaded by teutons and livonians and have a strong german influence on the culture and mentality . 
  you can even see it in the architecture of the cities . 
  tallinn and riga feel similar to cities like gdansk and klaip\u0117da . 
  while vilnius is much closer to krakow and prague . 
  i spent some time working as a wine snob and i have uncovered this explanation for cahors/kagor . 
  now kagor is a cheap , dense , and usualy sweet red wine from eastern europe . 
  it 's a favorite of people who really do n't drink and do n't understand wine . 
  but it has an interesting history , that is really connected with the cahors of france . 
  during the avignon papacy ( i think ) cahors was the official papal sacramental wine . 
  for the patriarchs of the eastern orthodox church in byzantium and later in moscow used to import cahors wine for his ceremonies in order not to be outdone by their western rivals . 
  but since supply routes were quite unreliable and the wine very expensive , local alternatives and imitations were sought . 
  vineyards around bulgaria/moldova also produced dark and dense red wines , vaguely reminiscent of the strong , dense wines of cahors . 
  so in time it replaced the sacramental wine from france . 
  c ir pronounced as k in russian , and s in the end of a word is quite unusual in slavic languages , so it was dropped .
