  kitchen staff are motivated to preform well because they get bigger wages if their managers think they are doing good service . 
  they are motivated to preform well in different ways , but the principle is the same . 
  good motivation - good service . 
  no motivation - lousy service . 
  i found links to those articles in the new american from a more credible source , so i did not bother checking what other stuff they publish . 
  well completely state owned healthcare would mean not having the ability to choose a private clinic . 
  our politicians are working on destroying any private owned health care institutions , and they are saying that they are following the nordic or british model which is quite absurd . 
  it 's a sensitive topic because the state owned healthcare institutions are utter rubbish in my country ( and in most other post soviet states ) . 
  tell me , can your visit to a private healthcare institution be financed by the state ( i 'm not sure like you have insurance money , that you can use in an institution of your choice - private or state owned ) ? 
  i 'm asking out of curiosity , because that would be the ideal model in my opinion . 
  i have heard that you have something similar in norway . 
  and about the statistics . 
  i 've lead a few sociological studies and so far and i can tell you that you can usually make the conclusions you like from any set of statistics . 
  comrade stalin once said that there are three types of lies in the world - small lies , big lies and statistics . 
  sometimes understanding motivation and incentives helps better that analyzing statistics . 
  if a waiter would get equal pay regardless how he serves his customers , he would most likely not be motivated to serve well . 
  same with any institution - if good performance is not connected with rewards , and misbehavior and corruption with punishments , quality of services should go down . 
  some more satisfying sources : http://www.bmj.com/content/347/bmj.f4779 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liverpool_care_pathway_for_the_dying_patient http://www.theguardian.com/society/2013/jul/15/liverpool-care-pathway-independent-review http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-23698071 i 'm almost tempted to do the `` let me google that for you '' thing . 
  state - owned healthcare institutions have a tenancy to go wrong , because they can not be controlled by their patients by simply taking there business elsewhere . 
  if you can not choose the provider of services they have a tendency to fall in quality . 
  a bit about the liberal model in the nordics : http://www.economist.com/news/special-report/21570840-nordic-countries-are-reinventing-their-model-capitalism-says-adrian as always , downvoted for anything that goes against the `` momy state shall take care of me best '' consensus . 
  r/europe i am disappoint . 
   an honest days work for an honest days pay horse shit if this is the horse shit that people in modern eu countries are against , then i am disgusted by modernity . 
  the scandinavian model is far from socialism . 
  they have simple and effective tax systems , transparent government , and they even implement the voucher system in schools and ( i think ) healthcare . 
  even the taxes are not so sky high as most people tend to think . 
  meanwhile in usa they have a clusterfuck of lobbyists from big pharma , agro and military hardware companies in bed with the congress . 
  and the dominant mechanism of earning money has long been one of paying the congress to regulate your competition out of business . 
  the usa is kept afloat by small business and individual creativity , while the industrial sector is completely messed up by lobbying . 
  the scary thing is that eu and brussels is also becoming a huge breeding ground for lobbyists and sell out politicians . 
  the wild west , free capitalist states of america sadly exist only in westerns and fantasies of people who prefer stereotypes to reality . 
  completely state owned healthcare system is even more barbaric . 
  nhs is constantly rocked by scandals like : http://www.thenewamerican.com/world-news/europe/item/13968-uk-euthanasia-expands-from-elderly-to-infants http://www.thenewamerican.com/world-news/europe/item/11796-doctor-british-health-service-euthanizes-130000-patients-a-year for a completely socialist healthcare system you can just look at the good old ussr . 
  thank god i am to young to remember any of that crap : http://mises.org/daily/3650, 
  moscow orders . 
  similar things happened in latvia and estonia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_1991_events_in_latvia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tallinn_tv_tower#1991_defense_of_estonia and even azerbaijan http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_january oh and then omon started slaughtering officers in border posts . 
  yes it is , and yes we are :d, 
  true , but if you do not give a bit of breathing space even on fundamental issues , you can get a similar result as when you try to introduce democracy in afghanistan . 
  actually we do n't want to identify with any value system that we do not feel is our own . 
  we were not given the privilege of having an opinion and value system of our own at all , so we are are not in a hurry to embrace anything that is sent top-down , russian or european . 
  in time the more european values will win , but trying to force them to fast will just create a backlash . 
  a lot of the opposition from younger people comes because for example lbtg rights come not thru dialog in the society , but by eu decree . 
  i do n't get it . 
  protect from invasion by whom ? 
  well , due to the benevolent laws of the good old ussr , homosexual relations were a crime till 1993 . 
  remember that when europe was experiencing liberalization , sexual revolution and a general period of relaxation of social rules and mores , most of our parents lived in a society that was rigidly structured , tightly controlled , completely intolerant of all deviations . 
  having long hair could land you in jail for christ 's sake , people were sentenced to death for selling jeans . 
  sure this past is gone and the society is de jure liberal and tolerant , however the habits of control , conformity and intolerance to deviation still remain strong in the older generation . 
  the younger people are more relaxed and indifferent to this topic , so my speculation is that in some time it will just fix it self . 
  this is the first major step in that direction . 
   making a buffer zone between the countries and murdering every living thing inside it . 
  damn ... can we send our politicians to the zone ? 
  that would be lovely , thx . 
  this is bullcrap . 
  what about the free migration of species like wolfs , lynxes and european bison ? 
  their range always includes more than one country , and they often travel hundreds of kilometers to find a mate . 
  without additional genetic material that comes from animals that live in belarus the populations could become weak and sick . 
  not to mention that it would cut the belovezhskaya forest - one of the biggest ancient woodlands and wildlife preserves in europe - in half . 
  besides , nobody guaranties that the diseases wo n't spread the around the fences i. e. thru latvia , or ukraine . 
  http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/crime/baltarusiska-mediena-prasta-sleptuve-milijonais-vertinamai-kontrabandai.d?id=61915145 a shipment that was caught today on the border with belarus . 
  total 200000 packs of cigarettes . 
  value aprox 0,5 mil . 
  euro . 
  this kind of things happen daily since the cost of cigarettes in belarus or russia is 1/4 of what it would be in lithuania and probablay 1/20 of what it would be in western europe . 
  realy ? 
  i was not aware of that ... 
  now they are banning the ability to smoke specific kinds of cigarettes . 
  it seems like a small deal . 
  but no freedom is lost in it 's entirety at once , they are lost step by step . 
  after this a ban on displaying brand logos will follow ( like in australia ) , then a ban on smoking in any public place ( for example in the streets ) , then a ban on smoking in your balcony ( like in latvia ) and so on and so on , until smoking is effectively banned everywhere , for everyone . 
  they can discourage all they like and as a non smoker i do n't mind that . 
  but it 's also a question of property rights and i care about that . 
  you , as the owner of a house or apartment , have the right to decide if guests can smoke in your house or not . 
  by the same principle restaurant owners should be the ones who decide is their establishment a smoking or a non smoking place . 
  restaurants and businesses in general are not public places , since it is lawful for the owner to deny access to clients that do not meet certain conditions ( for example people without a ticket can be expelled from a cinema ) . 
  preferences in general should not be made law , and should not infringe on other peoples rights . 
  for example i may not like flamboyantly homosexual people . 
  or as an avid bicyclist i may not like cars . 
  however i may not ban homosexual couples from kissing or cars driving ( their emissions are no less harmful than tobacco smoke ) in the street . 
  but i can ask a homosexual couple who are guests at my house to stop kissing if it makes me uncomfortable , and i can ask my friends to not park their cars in my yard . 
  i , as the owner of the place should be able to set the rules . 
  with smoking it 's the same - i should be able to decide what i do with my property - my body , especially if i do not harm anyone with it . 
  am i the only one that thinks that eu should not ban responsible adults from buying product that are not healthy if they know what they are getting ? 
  and especially if they are harming nobody else but themselves . 
  what if someone enjoys menthol or slim cigarettes , and is fully aware of the consequences of smoking and still chooses to do it . 
  is he a criminal ? 
  is he a child that does not know what he is doing and the benevolent politicians ( sic . ), 
  should show stop him from harming himself and him a better way ? 
  i 'm more afraid of the invasion of privacy and the limiting of freedom to do what you like as long as you do n't harm anyone that such bans entail , than profits made by tobacco companies . 
  while it is true that historically hopped brew would be called ale , and unhopped - beer , there is a much more significant difference . 
  ales are usually made with top fermentation process that takes place when the brew is warmer ( fermentation takes place around 16 c. as i remember ) . 
  lager is a brew that is made with the low fermentation process that that happens when the brew is kept at cellar temperatures - 6-8 degrees c. beer is a very general term and usually encompasses all types of brew . 
  even banana beer is called beer . 
  baltic countries can in to nordic , we call beer the same as they do . 
  my comment score was to high for my liking :3 i thought that if i vent my sincere opinion in an unglazed way in r/europe i can make it lower . 
  my point is that no one will bloody hire them if they cost the employer more than they make for him . 
  simple business principle - you do n't hire people to loose you money . 
  and it is harder to make money for a business now then ever before because of huge taxes ( direct and hidden ) , huge country budgets that are spent on absolutely useless programs . 
  not to mention the pervasive regulation , the license raj that eu and constituent countries have become . 
  and if you have been paying attention big companies screw people over mostly with their friends in the parliament , not with free ( er ) trade .
