   anne frank musuem so happy that i skipped that for the local coffeeshops ... 
  plus legal would also mean less expensive . 
  a lot of problems associated with addiction are just problems ( homelessness , stealing reusing syringes and sharing needles ) of having a significant drain on your finances . 
  yep it is so so bad that people can get at least a little income while looking for something better , learn some skills ( even making it on time to your job and not slacking of on the computer is considered a valuable skill at the moment ) and get to know some people who just might know someone looking for a job . 
  definitely much worse than sitting on your ass all day and getting nothing . 
  it is dependent on particular country , however underage people can stand for trial as adults , especially for violent crimes . 
  at certain age parents are no longer considered responsible for their kids if they do something against the law on their own will . 
  and while they are not full adults , if they are able to act like adults , they should be able to respond for their actions like adults . 
  well nazis were national socialists after all . 
  and in nazi germany respect for private property or individual rights was mostly lip service , or until the fatherland required your means of production , your house or your ass in uniform . 
  they were both totalitarian systems that put the state in total control of the individual , and were only different in their choice of scape goats . 
  never heard of that . 
  i 'm sure there would be a shitstorm in our media if that would be true . 
  any sources on that ? 
  presidential elections in 2018 , and she does not belong to some party , so i have no idea why she insists pushing her opinion . 
  although if new bailouts happen , we , as freshest members of eurozone will also have to chip in to the fund . 
  which is kind of hard to push on a population when greek minimum wage is almost as high as our gross average wage . 
  well put me in a toga and call me roman ... what a stupid mistake to make . 
  one should not make stupid puns without double checking them ... 
  no , you should praise the god of the underworld if you go on murdering people . 
  so it should be uranus akbar !, 
  or megale ouranos !, 
  if you want it more authentic . 
  but that is the official narrative ... all the eurogays hate noble , patriotic and traditional russia , that is why they started the maidan in ukraine and infected them with ... shudder ... tolerance ... 
  do n't know about jupiter , but uranus was always a very safe place to keep your money . 
  cool you com from an starover family ? 
  what region are you from ? 
  did your family practice their faith ? 
  i 've done quite a bit of reading about old believers this spring after stumbling on their cemetery and church in naujininkai . 
  very interesting stuff . 
  too bad that so few old believer communities survive . 
  well [ he is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_xh7noaqta ) from brussels ... 
  i actually do n't know many hardass european rappers . 
  most seem like big posers . 
  the persians failed , but russia can do it !, 
  you have not read schumpeter have you ? 
  you think that creative destruction is the same as bombing buildings and building them back up ? 
  ca n't we just crowd fund zhirinovsky 's assassination or something ... he makes a lot of anoying noise ... 
  yeah the weekend will be insane . 
  on top of that i 'll be spending the three days working outside . 
  long weekend yay !, 
  though +30 is not that bad . 
  last summer we had something like 35-38 . 
  ah , the ages old fallacy of protectionism . 
  i have a four step investment program . 
  it 's recession and even euro-collapse proof . 
  it goes like this : 1 . 
  house . 
  garden . 
  fence . 
  that should guarantee a more or less secure future , and make financial concerns less relevant . 
  or you know , russia in the 90 ` ties was going through a decade of chaos that is the result of transitioning from a planned economy to a more ore less free market economy ( as it was all over east europe ) . 
  then oil prices started rising in the 2000 's and with them up went russian economy . 
  putin was just sitting at the leaders post , while corruption , oligarchs , inequality and other problems existed just as they did in the 90 ` ties . 
  but why ? 
  sofia is very nice , if i hear right ... 
  [ damn , who leaked the info about our armaments ... ] ( http://www.truelithuania.com/nuotraukos/vilniusflagchange.jpg ), 
  please spread it far and wide , as it definitely deserves it . 
  sorry i have no idea . 
  i think i found it in some thread on 4chan . org/k / since i do n't go to other chan boards . 
  reverse image search on google shows that it has been floating around since late february . 
  earliest use on reddit i can find is this http://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/2wb2kl/misaudistanding/cop7yl1 . 
  i do n't know more of it 's history than that . 
  well this sucks . 
  absolutely unenforceable unless you remove any pretense of free speech/user contribution . 
  sites like reddit and 4chan would be dead if user anonymity and self moderation would be replaced with heavy censoring by the sight 's owners in order to avoid liability . 
  the standard answer even for captured intelligence operatives is `` i can not talk about it . '' . 
  that would have saved his face and not given any new information . 
  well i got the sniffles , but i get to stay at home and cook spicy ramen soup , so that is nice . 
  i posted it to / r/russia a while ago . 
  predictably it was not very popular . 
  maybe they have finally reached the [ fifth stage ] ( http://imgur.com/ka4gmd0 ) of ~ ~ dying ~ ~ denying ? 
  damn , ok i get it that the guy has been instructed to lie about his actions in ukraine , but you definitively have to have no sense of shame ( or be really afraid ) to say such straightforward lies in face of obvious proof . 
  both prostitution and buying their services is illegal . 
  but it obviously exists and the result is that it is deep in the criminal world . 
  police often make mock raids and arrest the same girls for the fiftyeth time , write symbolic fines and release them . 
  stupid and dangerous situation all around but i dont expect that to change since we have backwards moralist busybodies in power . 
  i just cant understand this approach . 
  it 's like saying that selling drugs is legal but buying and using them is not . 
  i 'm guessing that prostitutes are considered the victims ( bad circumstance in life makes them take up the trade ) ? 
  but than again would ` nt they be better off if selling their services would be legal ? 
  i just do n't think that it makes them safer if the clients would do everything to remain annonymous ... 
  well five or ten tanks would not make much of a difference in case of invasion . 
  but for that price we can have 100 or 200 anti tank missiles that could make a differance . 
  just hope thay do n't loose those . 
  yep i fully agree . 
  it just has wonderful wtf effect that very little a modern art peace can inspire now . 
  well that wo n't happen with the current political climate ... 
  however there are other options . 
  join the volunteer forces . 
  join the riflemen 's union 3 . 
  simply get a gun and learn to use it . 
  i 've chosen the second and third option since i ca n't find the time necessary for volunteer forces . 
  an armed population willing to defend their country would be a hard target and an effective deterrent . 
  if at least half the people complaining about `` verktiniai '' on fb would choose the third option it would be a much better prepared country . 
  why the exception for lithuanians , though ? 
  can we not in to sneaky cheeky breeky ? 
  the what ? 
  sorry i 'm in far from the seaside or any touristy beaches so i do n't get that ... 
  still though , as i 've said there is nothing wrong with saving .
