  the guineas can even have their own matching 9 mm sigs !, 
  nah , poland is neither the biggest nor the most butthurt . 
  by my very scientific calculations russia takes up 1/6 of the erth 's landmass , and 1/3 of the internet 's butthurt . 
  also russia is the only country that has elevated butthurt in to the level of national policy . 
  while the rest of ex commie countries look to the west and try to create stable democracies , russia 's only goal is to regain muh lost empire and become relevant again . 
  all russian foreign policy actions are meant to fill the gaping hole that the fall of ussr has left . 
  great stuff really . 
  especially the oak aged varieties . 
  i have a huge ceramic bottle sitting in my shelf right now . 
  however i do enjoy the crispness that gin has . 
  and it makes for great cocktails . 
  have you tried jenver tonic ? 
  any other cocktails ? 
  so china and it 's entire army is not a threat to russia , but when uk or usa decides to station a 1000 troops in eastern europe it 's warmongering , saber rattling , threat to russia 's security and preparation for nato attack ? 
  the real question is if their beer selection any good ? 
  i think that what you described is closer to anarchosyndicalism , not socialism . 
  also , what about company owners who do not want to give up their means of production ? 
  how do you transfer their property ? 
  what about programs like public healthcare . 
  how do you finance that ? 
  or do you do away with them , or leave an opt out . 
  what about welfare , how do you finance it if some people refuse to pay . 
  can a workers colective that has a thousand members agree ( thru a small elected board of three people . 
  it 's still democracy if it is representative , and elections are heald every four years ) to work 18 hour days , employ child labor , and pay their workers next to nothing ? 
  no kidding , refusing food and wine in georgia is a capital offence . 
  now imagine refusing a type of food on principle , wherever you are . 
  getting beaten with a sausage is probably getting of lightly . 
  please tell me how socialism can exist without taxing , redistributing and regulation . 
  yes at the moment most of the countries are in one way or another some form of socialism . 
  but there are countries that are close to this level . 
  of course countries with barely functioning governments are also unable to tax and spend so by this metric alone they get to the top of the list . 
  there are positive examples where low government spending leads to amazing economic growth . 
  like : 1 . south korea 15.09 % 2 . 
  singapore 17.0 % 3 . 
  taiwan 18.5 % 4 . 
  hong kong 18.6 % pretty much all of `` asian tigers '' grew by significantly liberalizing their economies . 
  if you are interested you can read this article [ here ] ( https://fee.org/articles/the-man-behind-the-hong-kong-miracle/ ) explaining the economic miracle in hong kong . 
  socialism is the antithesis of a free market economic system . 
  or simply socialism is a big government that is involved in a lot of features of your daily life . 
  intervention , protectionism , strict regulation of labor laws , taxing and redistributing ( to whoever ) are classic big government programs ( call it democratic control of the economic system if you like to ) . 
  free market liberalism always advocates for a smaller government , and less intervention in the economy . 
  the less money is spent by the people who earn the money the less of free market it is in a given country . 
  the more money redistributed by democratic means the less freedom for individuals have to make their own economic decisions . 
  so government spending to gdp ratio is a good measure of economic freedom . 
  the french government spends 56.8 % of the entire countries gdp . 
  there is nothing liberal or neoliberal about that . 
  a much better word for it is socialism . 
  and if hollande is trying to reduce the governments role in the economy just by a little bit , he just might be coming close to being a centrist . 
  a true liberal would be pushing the government spending to gdp ratio towards 10-15 percent , wold advocate massive deregulation , and neoliberal is just a byword for crony capitalism with a lot of features of socialist economies ( redistribution of money from the state to selected companies , protectionism , interventionist policies in economy and so on ) . 
  nope , some people are just against nanny state . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  and what kind of moron does not know what alcohol does to you ? 
  what new information would health warnings give ? 
  is n't it taught from school ? 
  is n't it discussed on every form of media ? 
  it really would add nothing of value , no new information ( excluding the list of ingredients . ), 
  u 4oking wot , m8 ? 
  i 'll slug you ugly mug in !, 
  that 's the one right ? 
  the queen 's english . 
  same here . 
  also an interesting variation of this stupidity was recounted by one of my professors . 
  he was a student some time around 1950 and had just moved to vilnius . 
  he rented a room from an old polish lady . 
  when he tried to speak with her in lithuanian , she answered `` please use the aristocratic language . 
  polish . '', 
  according to some old timers lithuanian is the peasants language . 
  my parents had one on a wall when i was little ( i remember it from a baby photo ) . 
  and we did not live in an apartment block . 
  whelp ... maybe it 's time to buy a tracksuit and start squatting . 
  time to reconnect with my roots . 
  the flies and maggots . 
  they also pair excellently with suicide . 
  depression and alcoholism . 
  that song is significantly improved by muting the audio . 
  russia is the * special * child of world politics . 
  an overgrown child with a really big stick in his hands . 
  song is shit , juries see that , but vatniks abroad vote for their motherland . 
  honestly , it was a shithole . 
  lately they have been openly discrediting themselves with retarded levels of antisemitism and holocaust denial . 
  but why shut it down ? 
  if you wanted to discredit nationalism and discourage people from taking up that ideology , that sub was the best place to do it . 
  and now they will just take their hate to other sites . 
  the best way to defeat people like that is to give them a platform and allow them to speak . 
  they have this thing called vodka teleport . 
  you open a bottle in moscow , soon enough everything goes black , and then you wake up in vladivostok . 
  yeah i remembered to do that as well . 
  awesomely depressing graphic style for the video . 
  yeah you know , the kind of vacation where you and your family are moved in to deep siberia to exercise in nature , meet new people , and get a free diet plan . 
  [ magadan you say ? ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sirtrsabl_m ) . 
  my grandmother visited magadan for a few years in the fifties . 
  she left with a quite bad impression ... how are things now in the far east ? 
  what are the job opportunities ? 
  is traditional siberian culture still alive ( shamanism , deer herding , semi nomadic lifestyle ) ? 
  actually everything internet touches turns in to dank memes . 
  i do not know really . 
  some latvian guy would know better . 
  i 've been in latvia and kurzeme 5 times but only 2 in the central and eastern regions of latvia . 
  from my impression central and eastern regions are excellent agriculturally , while western regions are much poorer . 
  generally baltic countries are not resource rich .
