  like , you know with , sweden , norway , denmark , netherlands , spain and so on ? 
  well you have to be able to carry the body armor ... 
  yeah , like we did for 8 years against ussr . 
  so all you are saying is might makes right . 
  got it . 
  maybe he is imagining the don and mr. pupu sharing this kiss after a hardcore , bareback , no lube orgy ? 
  surely there would be a lot of butthurt in that . 
  occupied countries do n't have much say in who thay are allied with . 
  this position is even more stupid then the last . 
  edit : also , according to your theory russia should also lose any say in the world since you know , thay were allies with nazi germany in 1939-41 and were more than happy to divide an conquer eastern europe hand in hand . 
  ah , the eternal argument . 
  ussr won ww2 , so russia is good and not fascist . 
  all who do not like russia are fascist . 
  makes everything so simple , right ? 
  baka !, 
   i also stand to personally gain from this ukraine situation somewhat . 
  in what way ? 
  lots of angry keyboard bashing , calling people butthurt and so on . 
  lol . 
  do n't feel so superior . 
  you are 2/3 of the way towards an african flag . 
  nah , neither of those trees are older than 25 years . 
  i 'd guess that they would be planted 15-20 years ago . 
  the red oaks in the front could be as young as 10 years . 
  so if it is intentional , it 's quite recent . 
  of course it 's an educated guess , but i plant trees for a living . 
  are the goats also supposed to remain quiet and obedient ? 
  adorn their horns with sexy lace when their master is angry ? 
  what is the code of conduct for a proper goat ? 
   one thing that soviet union got right ( or better than in us at the time ) was women rights yep . 
  all people did not have any rights equally , regardless of gender !, 
  no right to life , property , privacy , fair trial , voting , pursuit of happiness , and so on . 
  however everyone had the right to work themselves to death in the gulag or poisonous magnitogorsk factories . 
  stupid laws work in stupid ways . 
  we had a suggestion to ban the sale of alcohol in all stores that are closer than 250 m. to a school . 
  that would literally make the entire vilnius old town a booze free zone . 
  if that applies to the public sector only , go right ahead . 
  if he wants to do that in the private sector - he can fuck himself with a copy of das kapital , which he so obviously has a hard on for . 
  well when you walk outside you are litteraly getting freeze-dried . 
  stick a typical lithuanian ending - as to it , and you also get our word for ice . 
  well you certainly have mastered the principle of the alphabet . 
  go teach the french now . 
  they need it bad . 
  we are also pretty much the only country in europe that gives a shit about basketball . 
  it 's football all the way for others and hockey for the drunk introverts . 
  [ literally as likely as being struck dead by lightning ] ( https://www.google.com/search?client=ubuntu&amp;channel=fs&amp;q=number+of+people+killed+by+lightning+per+year+in+the+usa&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8 ) . 
  and you know , you should not leave your guns loaded with a round in the chamber and easily accessible . 
  neither you should leave bleach , matches , candles , knives , glass and so on . 
  not realy . 
  we are living in an era of unprecedented peace , and there are more tools for easy killing than their ever was . 
  usa has simultaniously the most guns it has ever had and the least violent crime ever . 
  you ca n't expect a swede to have a spine . 
  well in usa murders are mostly gangbangers shooting other gangbangers in the ghetto . 
  not all of it . 
  in fact lithuania has a higher murder rate than usa , while having 70 times less firearms . 
  perhaps there is just less significant social problems in europe . 
  like the drug wars , ghetto 's and gangs . 
  he has an oppinion , that in no way infringes on other people 's lives , but is contrary to my ideology . 
  quick , someone call him a nazi !, 
   what ? 
  i sure hope you 're not counting islamic terrorism as mass shootings . 
  i am . 
  please show me cases where islamic terrorists got their gun permit , and bought the weapons inside eu legally . 
   again , people killed by stalin or by mao are totally comparable statistics to gun violence in america . 
  an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure . 
  if allowing the peasants to own firearms means that there will be less tyrants , that is an incredibly good argument to have them . 
  seemed to work fine in the usa . 
  and both mao and stalin were very keen on disarming their populace . 
  i wonder why . 
  a short quote from the constitution of new hampshire that captures this spirit beautifully : `` right of revolution . 
  government being instituted for the common benefit , protection , and security , of the whole community , and not for the private interest or emolument of any one man , family , or class of men ; therefore , whenever the ends of government are perverted , and public liberty manifestly endangered , and all other means of redress are ineffectual , the people may , and of right ought to reform the old , or establish a new government . 
  the doctrine of nonresistance against arbitrary power , and oppression , is absurd , slavish , and destructive of the good and happiness of mankind . '', 
  sorry , but i do not intend to be a slave . 
   which a 5 year old could kill a person at great distance most of my friends ( adults ) have problems hitting a target 25 m in front of them . 
  have you racked the slide on a semi auto ? 
  pulling the double action trigger of a revolver ( lift 5 kg with your index finger ) ? 
  tried shouldering a rifle ? 
  i bet my left nut no five year old would be able to do that . 
   the fact is guns are tools of killing and that 's all their useful for . 
  99.9 % of guns are never used in killing . 
  they are used in making small holes in paper . 
  in fact the use of guns for killing is statistically insignificant . 
  ergo they are not a tool for killing . 
   fact is guns can have potentially disastrous consequences and are only useful for killing and do n't really help in self defense or in any realistic situation you will find yourself in . 
  http://crimeresearch.org/2016/09/uber-driver-in-chicago-stops-mass-public-shooting/ also , yeah , break in 's do n't happen . 
  and no one has ever successfully defended himself . 
  in fact your best bet is to lay down , and wait for the cops . 
  because their magical uniform gives them a +100 % efficiency boost in using weapon . 
  cops are not just people that know how to use a weapon and have the backing of an institution with a lot of force , they are being of utter goodness goodness and competence , that only need to show up at a scene and all crime immediately stops . 
  we are talking about murders not terror attacks . 
  and to the best of my knowledge only one mass shooting ( brevik ) in europe was committed with a legally owned firearm . 
  all the other got their guns illegally . 
  so zero effect there . 
  and you know what happens , when only one group in society has effective weapons available to them ? 
  oppression . 
  a lot of it . 
  maybe that is why the entire history of europe in the 20-th century is that of totalitarianism . 
  and usa has managed to avoid that for the past 200 years . 
  take the number of people killed by their own state in the 20-th century and compare that to the number of `` gun deaths '' in usa for the same time . 
  i 'd rather take my chance of getting killed by a random thug , then take the chance that my country will fall under totalitarian rulers ever again .
