  my god , some people 's historical memory does not even last 50 years ... 
  all of the baltic states afaik . 
  there is a difference between being prepared and being afraid . 
  the best analogy my teacher gave me is a domestic cat . 
  the most docile , friendly fluffball will turn in to a killer in 0.1 seconds if he is threatened , no matter how big his opponent is . 
  but at times when he is safe he will continue being as relaxed as only cats can get . 
  this is the attitude to cultivate . 
  weapons are always the last resort in a civilized society , but people are already afraid , and the attackers are already armed and feeling unpunishable . 
  also , if you can , get the pepperspray . 
  it is the best option if you need it . 
  i was attacked by two wild dogs last night when going home . 
  i gassed them and they regretted the decision immediately . 
  such experiences are the perks of living in a small town just outside of an old , abandoned soviet military base . 
  there is nothing inherently wrong with women why they could not learn to use a knife effectively . 
  you do not need a lot of strength you only need some speed and aggression i.e. 
  attacking fast and not stopping until there is no threat . 
  and disarming someone with a knife is not that easy . 
  do n't believe me : watch these two videos : [ police training video about knife attacks . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xpcrdzy344 ) [ knife attack myths ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7auscbtcqo ) warnign video shows real knife attacks . 
  no gore , just some brutal security footage . 
  besides the case we are talking about has a woman strangled and threatened with a knife , nearly avoiding rape . 
  so your worst case scenario has already happened , with the woman doing nothing . 
  yes , the police should be able to prevent such crimes , but when they are not around or unable to help , no person should be a helpless victim . 
  we are on the same boat , but we just do not feel as threatened by the refugee crisis , because no one wants to come here anyway . 
  so our politicians are not as vocal on the topic . 
  and we are much more concerned about our borders on the east . 
  and since orban , la pen and other right wing politicians are friends of mr. pupu we do not feel like supporting them too much . 
  if anything now is the time to learn about self defense , especially for women . 
  and to carry a weapon . 
  pepperspray , knife or a gun . 
  whatever is legal , or if you feel threatened even if it is illegal . 
  a group of men surround you and start groping ? 
  stab away until they are all bleeding on the ground or have ran away . 
  protecting your life and safety should never be a crime , because assurance of safety is the very basis of the social contract , even according to hobbes . 
  if the state does not protect you , and can not maintain the rule of law , the laws are meaningless anyway . 
  and before someone accuses me of racism , media induced panic or whatever , i 've been saying the same for the last ten years . 
  i would not be surprised if the policemen do not have a similar obligation . 
  au \u00b7 thor \u00b7 i \u00b7 tar \u00b7 i \u00b7 an \u0259\u02ccth\u00f4r\u0259\u02c8ter\u0113\u0259n / adjective adjective : authoritarian 1 . favoring or enforcing strict obedience to authority , especially that of the government , at the expense of personal freedom . 
  as you see there is no need to redefine anything . 
  both far left and far right can be authoritarian . 
  their strategies are just different . 
  one wants you proudly marching in parades , supporting the cops and the military , hating people who live in some particular part of the map and having 2.1 children , working , keeping your wife at home and never questioning your leaders , the other wants you sitting quietly in the corner , never raising your voice or expressing an opinion if you belong to a group that has too much privilege points , paying most of your money for the support of other people , being tolerant of any behavior by any group as long as it is approved by the state , and never questioning your leaders . 
  also both of them are racist and intolerant in their own way : right wingers think that people from other cultures/races are lazy , stupid and therefore need to be kicked out or forced to abandon all of their traditions , left wingers think that they are lazy , stupid and therefore need to be given lots of other people 's money and coddled . 
  besides various forms of socialism have a very strong tendency to reduce freedom and enforce obedience - see all the socialist/communist countries of the world , or the national socialists of the thirties . 
  the real political split is state control vs. personal freedom . 
  therefore the real opposition is between liberals ( in the european sense ) and those who want more power to the state . 
  what he said above is very close to what i understand as authoritarian . 
  uk has a lot of very paternalistic policies , and authoritarianism does not necessarily have to come in the form of torchlight marches and jackbooted thugs kicking down your door . 
  it can also come int he form of sincerely concerned and well mannered policemen and social workers , who will lock you up `` for your own good '' or for hurting feelings of another by expressing a slightly offensive opinion . 
  yeah i have a fascination for all the deformed creations of ussr . 
  and magnitogorsk is definitely in the top 10 . 
   how much do prescriptions cost ? 
  prescription costs vary widely . 
  did not use prescription medication in the last ~ 14 years so can not say accurately . 
   do doctors treat you well ? 
  depends on the doctor really . 
  most are great people that really care about you , but they are buried in so much paperwork that they rarely lift their eyes to look up at you . 
  some ( particularly nurses ) act as assholes until you bribe them . 
  had minor surgery to remove some metal from my leg , bribed the surgeon ( he really helped me last time so it was more like a thank you ) , bribed the anesthesiologist ( i want the person sticking needles in my spine to be happy and carring ) , but did not bribe the nurse , because she acted as a cunt and i really did not need their help with anything . 
  so no pain medication for me that night even when i asked for it . 
  bit the bullet and did not pay the bitch a single cent . 
   is universal healthcare worth the higher taxes you pay ? 
  if you need some serious help you go to private clinics . 
  you go to state run hospitals only if 1 . 
  you are poor/old . 
  need some bullshit note for your work/school/cops / drivers license . 
  get in an emergency . 
  waiting times are crazy . 
  need to see a family doctor ? 
  well better schedule an appointment two weeks in advance . 
  you get there on time ? 
  wait an hour of four for the doctor to actually accept you . 
  did not make an appointment or you are sick and need a doctor asap ? 
  get in the common line with 10 to 20 pensioners and be ready to wait for the better part of the day . 
  most people choose private clinics if they have a choice . 
  you pay out of the pocket , but there are no bribes , the people care about you and there is toilet paper in the toilets . 
  there is an initiative for people to be able to use their mandatory insurance money in private clinics ( you have to pay health insurance every month , but you can only redeem it in state owned clinics ) , but it keeps getting shut down by our leftie government . 
  strange thing is , that when you calculate the costs private clinics can do the same procedures better and cheaper than state owned clinics . 
  it has sea , forests and no people . 
  perfect mix !, 
  i just might go full hipster and start a whisky distillery n the coast if i get the money to do that . 
  kaunas definitely . 
  just stay away from the suburbs . 
  lots of art , history and culture . 
  and a devil museum . 
  plus people are less smug than in vilnius . 
  c\u0113sis is also very nice . 
  do n't know about the beer only basing my suggestions on the few days i 've spent there . 
  the benefit of having city-states until late 19-th century . 
  come because magnets , stay because cancer !, 
  [ larch in winter . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/rsbhcon ) i suspect that it is of the siberian subspecies ( larix sibirica ) . 
  my photo from last weekend . 
  one of the few coniferous trees to drop it 's needles in winter . 
  not a native tree in lithuania , but there were quite a few of them introduced in the 19-th century and now there are several larch forests . 
  the highest tree in lithuania is a 53 m. larch growing in one of them . 
  i 'm just helping people feel miserable about themselves . 
  [ laughs maniacal while enjoying extra few minutes of sunlight and insignificant temperature differences . ], 
  hmm who knows if it would help ... 
  since our conscription model was quite retarded ( only those failing to enter tertiary education went to the army ) i know very few people who went through training an how it affected them .
