  also i think that shitty jobs in the service sector help make people more cooperative . 
  the really obnoxious people from my school turned in to normal adults only when they had to work as waiters and cashiers . 
  kaitseliit is a very good option if you are in estonia . 
  i 'm a member of the lithuanian riflemen 's union which in principle is similar to kaitseliit albeit far less supported by the government ( or defense minister is an old commie who at the same time joined the riflemen and is working to turn them in to a club for retired officers , while saying that civilians should not be allowed to have firearms ) . 
  i 'm actually in this video ( not talking just shooting ) about the riflemen : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/lithuania/11487802/putins-war-of-attrition-is-lithuania-next.html conscription should be a last resort , ideally people should be interested in defense of their nations themselves , however learning to shut up and do what you are told is an experience that a lot of people my generation and the one coming of age now would benefit from . 
  for example i have nothing against a model that exists in finland - military training or community service for all . 
  and if we are talking about usa then lithuania is a good counter example to the point that weapons make a country safe/unsafe - we have 70 times less firearms per person but our homicide rate is double that of usa . 
  i do n't think that you can get used to temperatures like that . 
  generally you just learn to deal with such weather by dressing appropriately and maybe putting some lip balm and cream on to not get cracked skin ( a thing i neglected this weekend ) . 
  i shudder when i see some poor tourist from the south running around in such weather with just light autumn jackets . 
  my friend told me he saw two guys from india in sweaters last week in vilnius . 
  i do n't think that we have some resistance to cold just because we live in the north . 
  i think in general it is more about knowing how to dress for cold weather and not running around . 
  having well insulated homes also helps . 
  self defense with or without a weapon is a thing that i think most people should learn . 
  and in potential regions of conflict most people should be prepared for war in some form just to make their countries a less appealing target . 
  while it is possible for people to learn to handle firearms on their own at least here it is quite expensive . 
  a single trip to the range ( with instructor , rented gun , ammo , range fees ) could easily cost something like 3-4 days wage . 
  getting a weapon yourself is also fairly expensive . 
  and you will never get to see a full auto weapon . 
  explosives are out of the question . 
  while in the military those things are free . 
  so it has it 's benefits . 
  half of the recipes in the anarchist cookbook are unreliable and are prone to go of on the maker . 
  i would not rely on it . 
  besides that would be illegal . 
  and learning to shoot is an expensive hobby if you do it yourself . 
  i had a really serious discussion with myself when the shtf in ukraine . 
  my political leaning are close to classical liberalism or ancapism , so logically i do not support a state in general and the power structures in particular . 
  however i know if my country would be occupied i would have even less freedom than i do now . 
  so paradoxically i thought that the best way for me to protect my freedom and the freedom of those i care about is by joining the paramilitary forces . 
  that is what i did and other than the egomaniacs in command , things are not that bad . 
  love the weather . 
  the weekend was about -20 , and now it is something like -15 . 
  took some friends out this saturday for a 16 km hike in the snow covered woods and fields so i 'm still mildly tired . 
  we build a campfire , drank some hot wine and generally had a good time . 
  and nobody caught a cold or frostbite . 
  so now i 'm sitting lazily in the warm library of my old uni and working on a webpage i 'm administering . 
  could not ask for anything better . 
  welcome to the dark side . 
  here everything is gray and depressing for 2/3 of the year . 
  the other parts of the year are either +30 c or -30 c. 
  yeah but in the army you also learn how to use a gun and some explosives which is useful in case of war . 
  it 's kind of hard to learn those things yourself . 
  also learning how to deal with trauma and how to survive outside is useful , but that is generally easy to learn while being a civilian . 
  well we could opt for a non-native ( to not give anyone preferential treatment ) , simple , universal , language taught to everyone from school . 
  for example esperanto would do well . 
  but something just feels malbona about that . 
  it just feels to close to doubleplussungood newspeak . 
  but in practical sense that would be the best case . 
  btw english is just too irregular . 
  the spelling is just horrendously illogical . 
  as to what i mean refer to this poem : i take it you already know of tough and bough and cough and dough ? 
  others may stumble , but not you on hiccough , thorough , slough , and through . 
  well do n't !, 
  and now you wish , perhaps , to learn of less familiar traps . 
  beware of heard , a dreadful word that looks like beard but sounds like bird . 
  and dead : it 's said like bed , not bead , for goodness sake do n't call it deed !, 
  watch out for meat and great and threat ( they rhyme with suite and straight and debt ) . 
  a moth is not a moth as in mother nor both as in bother , nor broth as in brother , and here is not a match for there , nor dear and fear , for bear and pear . 
  and then there 's dose and rose and lose -- just look them up -- and goose and choose and cork and work and card and ward and font and front and word and sword and do and go , then thwart and cart , come , come !, 
  i 've hardly made a start . 
  a dreadful language ? 
  why man alive !, 
  i learned to talk it when i was five . 
  and yet to write it , the more i tried , i had n't learned it at fifty-five . 
  `` ls '' love learning lovely languages ? 
  possibly , but with a federal eu army i believe the external help would come in the form of expressions of grave concern . 
  no , no , no . 
  first a move to disarm private citizens , then an army controlled by germany and france ? 
  absolute bullshit . 
  the security situation in eastern europe is completely different from that in the west . 
  no way would i trust them to stand up to russia if situation was critical . 
  free trade and free movement is awesome . 
  but get your filthy paws away from national security and sovereignty . 
   yeah , or we could stop being antagonistic assholes to russia you know there is a whole bunch of countries east of berlin whose very existence , success and independence is antagonizing russia . 
  no way we would like to have our security handed to a bunch of countries who are only interested in appeasement . 
  we will have -15 degrees by the end of the week . 
  i just love it . 
  high minimum wage plus in high ( in some cases ) unemployment always means that there will be a black market for labor . 
  europe is just not immune to the laws of economics . 
  yeah i think i saw an article about the problem in venezuela a while ago . 
  i was four when we got our independence back , so i still have vague memories of using crumpled up newspapers ... * shudder * with real world examples of communist economy the general rule of thumb is `` if it aint for killing or threatening people , there wont be enough of it . '', 
  you would be surprised at how many comunist countries failed to make toilet paper . 
  or at least enough of it . 
  and we spend most of our time in `` more anarchist than thou '' contests . 
  although he is a hobo and a vagabond at heart . 
   yeah , i 've followed with interest the meaning of `` ukrainian sovereignty '' and georgian sovereignty '' over the past few years . 
  it really seems to be working our for them . 
  exactly . 
  there should be big consequences for that . 
  all the morons droning on about `` geopolitical interests '' just help people like putin and d. cheney get away with the shit they pull . 
  `` useful idiot '' is the proper term for that . 
  since when is it in the interest of corporations to allow hundreds of thousands of unskilled people that require enormous amounts of welfare , which in turn require higher taxes and stricter anti discriminatory regulations . 
  and do n't say that it is for the cheap labor . 
  if that would be true rich european countries would be fighting for eastern european migrants that are cheap , skilled and integrate well . 
  i just do n't see how it is better for corporations to accept refugee families that have only one working adult and in most cases a welfare dependent wife and 3-4 kids . 
   you 'd never see the russians ignoring their near-abroad . 
  oh the russian near abroad would just love to be ignored . 
  in fact all politicians ( and armchair experts ) who rave about `` geopolitical interests '' russia 's or usa 's `` spheres of influence '' can go fuck themselves with a crusty baguette .
