i 'd think that it is more famous for the union of lublin and your oriental style castle . 
  too bad i missed cebularz when i was in lublin though . 
  so companys like to register where it 's cheaper . 
  is anyone surprised ? 
  are n't they supposed to do that in order to reduce their expenses and make their products cheaper ? 
  countries are also supposed to offer competitive tax rates , if they want foreign investment . 
  it 's basic economics , i have no idea why people are so upset by it . 
  i 'm guessing that it is probably the polish diaspora , and not the government , but i do n't know for certain . 
  similar things are done in the rasos cemetary , where j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski is burried . 
  actualy one of the attractions to for polish tourists in vilnius is his grave , and organized groups usualy lay some flowers and light some candles there . 
  it would really be a nice gesture if the lithuanian government did that , but as far as i know it was done in the 30 ` ies , so vilnius was under polish control at the time . 
  however gaves are graves , and people respect them regardless of nationality of the people buried there . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , they are taken care of by the city municipality , and they are always kept in good order . 
  gr8 b8 m8 !, 
  i rate 8/8 and go to masturb8 . 
  aaaand i 'm not clicking that while i am at work . 
  those graves are for polish soldiers that have died in conflicts during 1919-1921 . 
  soldiers were usualy burried close to where they died , but they were exhumed and reburried in the antakalins cemetary in vilnius that you see in the photos . 
  there are about 1200 graves there . 
  while russians are certainly not known for being gentle , they are big fans of pulling out . 
  just look at their birth rates . 
  edit : this is just a joke , based on old data . 
  in all honesty i do n't see a problem with it . 
  as long as the conditions are safe , the kids are working voluntarily , and their education does not suffer from it . 
  getting some real world experience before you finish school is incredibly usefull . 
  if you want a good free market argument for child labor [ here ] ( http://mises.org/daily/2858 ) is an excelent article . 
  however just like the comenters below , i fully agree that where there is state power , there is no free markets . 
  i think helping your parents in their business is quite normal . 
  i grew up afther the fall of ussr ( so i 'm no old timer ) and spent most of my summers helping my parents around the farm . 
  i used to work after lessons during the school year and full days during the summer . 
  they used to drop me of alone in a market to sell produce in different cities when i was twelve . 
  i learned to handle money , how to interact with customers , how to keep a representative appearance . 
  i started doing my own side vetures to get some extra cash . 
  sure , education came first , but being able to work hard is a thing that i learned by helping my parents , not in school . 
  i think that in some cases it was much more usefull than formal education . 
  and most of my peers did the same . 
  however the kidnaping children to work on farms that happened in switzerland is seriously messed up . 
  i do n't think it is propper to call such event a school shootings . 
  sure it was a homocide perpetrated by an angry 15 year old with a gun in a school . 
  but it is in no way comparable to things like columbine or sandy hook . 
  the shooter did not try to kill random students , nor did he try to kill himself before arest . 
  i think he was trying to settle some grudge on a single person . 
  it is a very tragic murder . 
  but we should not rush to call such events school shootings , because it realy attracts unwanted attention to the perpetrator and to the family that has experienced a loss . 
  also it send a wrong signal to angsty teenagers - you just have to shoot someone and you will become an anti-hero . 
  and that is exactly what the douchebag was trying to become . 
  latvia feels like second home , but i still find new and interesting things every time i go there . 
  estonia is making great progress and is a constant reminder for our politicians to shape up , and not be such jackasses . 
  poland is a great country to travel - lots of history , wonderfull nature , generaly cheap as hell . 
  a week was definetely not enough to see even the main tourist sights . 
  russia has great writers , inventors and just remarkable and hardy people in general . 
  just leave us alone plz . 
  not the submissive roles at least . 
  although almost every country has had a streak of trying to ba a dom at one point or the other . 
  second option . 
  belarussia literaly translates as white russia . 
  ( `` bely '' in russian means white . ), 
  arklas is an ancient form of the noun plow . 
  my grandfather still used it . 
  arti ( verb ) is means to plow . 
  the different terms for horse are ment to represent the different quality of horses . 
  \u017dirgas - a horse ment for riding , or a warhorse . 
  arklys - a horse you do your plowing on . 
  kuinas - a common , low quality workhorse . 
  and do n't forget russians . 
  especially in costa brava . 
  euras and centas ( singular ) , eurai and centai ( plural . ) . 
  since lithuanian is a synthetic language it is quite hard to integrate foreign words in everyday language without adding a few morphemes here and there . 
  in lithuanian if you want to go full kawaii you can ad an unlimited number of diminutives to any word and you get monstrosities like euriukai , eurai\u010diai , eurely\u010diai and so on . 
  i cant wait for the day when the local bums will utter : `` duok por\u0105 euriuk\u0173 ant bambalio , bo galv\u0105 skauda '' ( give me a few euros for beer , coz i 'm hung over . ), 
  a russian born , russian raised , russian speaking , loyal to russia citizen can hardly be called lithuanian . 
  especially if he/she is going to paramilitary camps of an openly hostile nation , and then becoming a part of the said country 's military . 
  but technically `` traitor '' would be the popper term . 
  yeah and the polish have even taken over vilnius . 
  not frickin fair . 
  few hours later he said [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/rt_com/status/516153538603679744 ) . 
  that man has such a capacity for keeping a straight face while talking utter bullshit that it 's amazing . 
  i 'm just not sure that anyone still believes a thing he says . 
  frankly it would be best if his visas would just be revoked , and only given to a new minister with at least a trace of integrity . 
  edit : i accidentally a letter . 
   lido has a perfect honey beer ( mead ) . 
  what , what , what ?!, 
  do you have proper mead or just beer with honey ? 
  we have a mead brewery , but they make utter shite . 
  in fact i can make better mead than they do . 
  but we have very good beer with honey . 
  also cesu nefiltretais is awesome . 
  i 'm not sure what kind of added safety measures are necessary for a taxi driver that a simple driver with license and a road safe car does not have . 
  in essence using uber is the same like splitting the gas bill with your friend when going on a trip . 
  all other things that distinguish taxi 's ( fixed-price licenses , certain colors and markings for cars ) are usually put in place by lobbying pressure from well established taxi companies to keep competitors out . 
  and no , a lot of laws do not exist for good reasons . 
  just look at all the bullshit regulations and laws monsanto has helped put in place in usa . 
  regulations on taxi 's are also the result of lobbying and i have no problem with people breaking them . 
  especially if it leads to better and cheaper services for customers and opportunities/employment for people who otherwise would not have a job . 
  it is , only it might not seem so . 
  no one would choose to use uber if they did not think that it is better in some way . 
  consumer choice should determine what services remain and what services fail . 
  if being able to get from point a to point b faster and cheaper is not progress i do n't know what is . 
  good , it 's idiotic to stop progress with legislation . 
  i had excellent pierogi in torun last year .
