   `` we wo n't be signing [ on this visit ] , '' said mao zefeng , spokesman for petrochina . 
  `` at the moment the import price and the domestic price are inverted . 
  we are already losing money on imported gas , and we ca n't lose more . ''  earlier this week , anatoly yanovsky , russia 's deputy energy minister , was quoted by russian state-controlled media as saying the deal was `` 98 per cent ready '' . 
   in the wake of russia 's aggressive actions in ukraine , european countries have been rethinking their dependence on russian gas . 
   if the deal had gone ahead , it would have been a powerful sign of russia 's ability to reduce its reliance on europe , the largest importer of russian energy . 
   even without the deal , mr putin 's visit has been filled with symbolic appearances intended to show the growing strength of the relationship , which both sides have described as the best in their history . 
  `` we wo n't be signing . 
  at the moment the import price and the domestic price are inverted . 
  we are already losing money on imported gas , and we ca n't lose more ''  - mao zefeng , petrochina  discussions over the gas deal have gone on for more than 10 years , with negotiations snagging over price , the pipeline route and chinese stakes in russian projects . 
   the chinese side would have driven a harder bargain in light of gazprom 's weaker position , industry sources in beijing said . 
   china formally signed previously agreed lng supply deals as well as a massive coal co-operation project , so the russian leader will not leave empty-handed . 
   since negotiations began with gazprom a decade ago , china has diversified its sources for imported natural gas . 
  it buys piped gas from central asia and is constructing a number of lng terminals to import from projects around the world . 
   mr putin 's decision in 2013 to end gazprom 's monopoly on gas exports has also benefited chinese oil companies , which have signed deals to invest in and import gas from novatek 's yamal lng project . 
  that means russia can still profit from gas sales to china , while removing some of the political drivers for gazprom 's long-delayed deal with cnpc . 
  on this day i am proud of my countrymen . 
  innovative , forward looking people . 
  therefore it is important that there are american troops on the ground . 
  in case of conflict , when ( not if , because that would be inevitable in a conflict like that ) a single american soldier would be killed , imagine the pr storm that would face an inactive president , or congress . 
  just imagine the public 's reaction to a headline like `` russians are killing our boys in the baltics !, 
  president does nothing . '', 
  and yet people still feel nostalgia for this period , and want it imposed not only on themselves , but on other countries too . 
  i would pay good money for both . 
  i will riiiiiiiiise like penis !!, 
   when you see georgian/russian/armenian priests rallying to attack lgbt marchers , you criticise just those priests , even though they operate in a country where their word becomes the civil law , and they are pandered to by politicians . 
  catholic and protestant priests do that as well , and in some countries they are pandered to ( abortion bans in in malta , ireland and poland ) , hell even the anti-lgbt nutjobs in lithuania . 
  i am not saying that is good , or that it should be tolerated . 
  but humans are mostly tribal . 
  most things happen on a us/them basis . 
  and muslims form most people still probably represent `` them '' . 
  and christians , even though radical and nutty are still `` us '' . 
  frankly i would n't mind turkey entering eu . 
  for a small country , which is not a target for most immigrants it could only mean a bigger market . 
  and that is always good . 
  politics in most part are based on hypocrisy and force , therefore i tend to stay as far away from it as possible . 
  nobody criticizes orthodox christians because of their beliefs . 
  nobody criticizes greeks , bulgarians , ukrainians , moldavian , cypriots for being orthodox . 
  even with the russians problems only arise when they are getting imperialistic ambitions up . 
  now if we would be seeing decapitation videos where some orthodox guy would be saying that the patriarch approves killing all infidels , thing might change . 
  anyways g8 b8 m8 , i r8 8/8 and w8 for deb8 . 
  do n't want to sound bigoted or something , but i think main the issue here is that turkey is muslim , georgia - christian . 
  and the population of turkey is 76 million , while georgia - only 5 mil . 
  if accepted , turkey would become the second most populous country in eu . 
  i think fears about culture and immigration play a more significant part here than geography or even economy . 
  basically georgia 's entering the eu would not have significant consequences , while the consequences of turkey joining would be huge . 
  i was only referring to the slightly lower unemployment rate in estonia . 
  but obviously , estonia is one of the fastest growing economies in eu at the moment , with a strong culture of startups and innovation so it has a lot of potential . 
  estonia better than nordics !, 
  now they will want in to estonia . 
  and not just for viin . 
  three kinds of junkfood are popular in lithuania : 1 . 
  the ever popular kebab . 
  the regional variety usualy comes wraped in lavash bread and drenched in garlic sauce . 
  the word doner is almost never used , so i 'm not sure what would be it 's proper place in the kebab family tree . 
  pork is often used so it would probably just be a local mongrel variety . 
  kibinai . 
  a traditional pastry usualy made by karaite people , which were imported by our grand duke vytautas somewhere in the 14 th century . 
  some time ago you could only get good kibinai in trakai , where real karaites used to live , but now they are everywhere . 
  also traditional kibinai should be made with mutton , but of course the most popular variety is filled with pork . 
  although many experimental varietys have been showing up lately ( including nuttela , spinach , cottage cheese and dried tomato filled ones ) . 
  a hangover of the soviet times , it is a big deep fried pastry that is filled with pork and onions . 
  very greasy , and usualy overloads sensitive people 's stomachs and arteries , so they are becomming less common . 
  tl ; dr pork in bread . 
  jap , my parents said that they have encountered the `` govori pa \u010delove\u010desskom jazikom '' people in their youth . 
  i would punch anyone in the face if they said that to me . 
  no matter how old or frail they could be . 
  a funny thing though : one of my professors from said that when he moved in to vilnius , in the 40-ties the owner of the apartment , the owner of it , an old polish dame , said a different version of this : `` m\u00f3wi j\u0119zykiem arystokratycznem '' . 
  speak the aristocrat 's language - polish . 
  cheap booze mostly . 
  you just cant hate a place where you get good service and cheep booze . 
  it 's like beer goggles of country improvement . 
  sometimes after a good bottle of red wine i can imagine that the meadow outside my window turns in to the green alpine pastures of french switzerland , or after a good beer that the dank bar/cellar in vilnius is somewhere in germany or belgium . 
  on a more serious note latvija and eesti always felt more nordic to me than lithuania . 
  i think that the defining characteristic is that both of the countries have a strong influence from german/scandinavian cultures . 
  for example klaip\u0117da , the third largest city in lithuania , was a part of prussia up to 1923 , and the city feels much more scandinavian and even western then the rest of the country . 
  the `` spirit '' of the city is much more similar to both riga and tallinn . 
  also while latvia and estonia are protestant just like the nordics , lithuania is staunchly catholic and it 's very clearly pronounced in the architecture . 
  therefore to me krakow , lublin or even prague feels closer to home than riga or tallin . 
  sorry for the downvotes , they are unnecessary . 
  it just seems that there is a stupid dick measuring contest between europe and usa . 
  usa is probably still considered to be the standard to which most countries aspire to ( at least the developing ones ) . 
  on a side note , a relevant post from today shows that at least this year people mostly talked about russia not usa . 
  lemmie guess , it will never be used to prosecute `` terrorists '' and will be used to harass people for ip violations ? 
  and all of that to get foreign currency , so the dear leader could get his fix of hennessy . 
  i was not talking about this particular case . 
  i just wanted to agree that the list of rules and exceptions gets thicker and thicker every day . 
  sometimes it happens for good reasons , sometimes for bad reasons . 
  and it really does not matter if that is done on an eu wide level , or in state level . 
  the sphere where you can just do what you want , as long as you are not harming anybody is decreasing , and i find that very sad . 
  every sphere of your life is becoming subject to somebody 's else decisions . 
  it is becoming impossible to just be left alone . 
  do n't you just find that frightening ? 
  oh yeah it figures you have been in vilnius if you 've been in lithuania before  you can also check out organized beer tours if you are interested . 
  http://www.alutis.lt/f5ees7.php?fxxf=english i 've heard that they are really good , but they are a bit pricey for us locals . 
  bend over backwards and take it . 
  and afterwards thank the politicians for their wisdom in protecting us from ourselves . 
  or get a government job and become part of the problem ( govt jobs are the most sought after by young people in most eu countries ) . 
  as an ancap living in eu i sometimes feel that the only way i could live more or less free is to get a farm in some far corner of my country and become a hermit . 
  or cut it with the legal system and go all gray market ( due to overregulation and overtaxation about 35 % of lithuania 's gdp is in the shadow economy ) . 
  oh about that farm ...
