  national bank , national pharmacy , national alcohol monopoly . 
  give cheap loans to the countryside , increase competition for pharmacies by opening a national pharmacy ( that is , try to make medication cheaper then the market rate ) , and ban sale of alcohol in private companies , while opening a national booze store chain . 
  also there is a lot of talk about family values , morality , and economy that is for the people . 
  as a libertarian i want to run the hell out of here . 
  or start distiling booze . 
  thanks !, 
  do you know the name of the french movie ? 
  i 'd like to see it . 
   masha and b. i much prefer masha and the d. russia makes a lot of those movies , and they certainly are not propaganda . 
  yep , that 'd be awesome . 
  yeah , yeah , yeah ... 
  iz joke , plz no bully with facts . 
   also finns often look very different from scandinavians . 
  fingolians confirmed !, 
  1612 and stalingrad ( 2013 ) for starters . 
  from movies i like `` brat '' `` 9th company '' . 
   to be honest , i ca n't remember having seen a single russian action movie well then you probably should before arguing about them . 
  it 's uncomparible . 
  even the movies from the 80s are not that bad . 
  yeah , no . 
  you basically have to put on your sjw glasses on and look for offense in most hollywood movies . 
  enemy at the gates . 
  one big budget example that shows russians as heroic ( albeit lead by idiot and underequiped , which is historically untrue at that point ) . 
  while some stereotypes apply in most hollywood movies with russians , very few movies show them as unhuman . 
  maybe except for the old red dawn . 
  it can be done in a good way . 
  but it can also be done like this : one russian prince wants to ally with the west ( lets say his home , scandinavia ) . 
  he is a rapist , gay , a violent pedophile , greedy , ugly and generally an asshole . 
  the other prince wants to protect the local people , is good , handsome , rides around shirtless and wants nothing to do with the decadence scandinavia , and only wants to make the local culture flourish . 
  to do that , he needs to be a strong leader , and his people need to obey him without questions . 
  of course the second prince wins and everyone lives happily ever after . 
  a movie like that would be propaganda disguising as a historical movie . 
  it 's not about who is fighting who in a movie . 
  sometimes the depictions of the enemy is so dehumanizing and stereotypical , that they seem to be not humans but literal baby eating monsters . 
  at the same time people on your side are depicted as absolute heroes . 
  other countries are guilty of it es well . 
  for example the polish film `` battle of warsaw 1920 '' or lithuanian `` tadas blinda '' ( not that much dehumanizing enemies , but more of pandering to the audience and making your side heroic and good as fuck ) . 
  a good example of war movies that show your and other side as normal humans in difficult situations would be `` flags of our fathers '' and `` letters from iwo jima '' . 
  hope that makes sense . 
  please do n't be thinly veiled propaganda , please do n't be thinly veiled propaganda , please do n't be thinly veiled propaganda ... 
  they make good historical and action movies , but things like 1612 ar a bit to political to say the least ... 
  or just time to eat less meat and make sure you buy it from small producers that do not practice factory farming . 
  meat used to be a treat , something you bought your family for sunday diner , now people eat it every meal . 
  i like meat , a lot , but the amounts of it that we consume are ridiculous . 
   the commies actively sought proletariat rule over the world , wholesale destruction of the bourgeois and a pretty much complete enslavement of the eastern europe . 
  i only needed to change 2 words ... 
  people with boring lives wishing that something exciting would happen for once . 
  you mean / r/russianhistory ? 
  completely undeserved . 
  it 's a long intellectual tradition in europe . 
  greek and roman thinkers have been advocating suicide in certain conditions since 4th century bc . 
  i wonder if there would be room for specialists of assisted suicide . 
  like doctors whose only job is helping people end their lives peacefully . 
  would specialized psychological training help overcome the negative consequences ? 
  while not a ceremony , we have a unique tradition - a honor guard regiment that appears dressed like [ this . 
  ] ( https://amandalithuania2009.files.wordpress.com/2009/02/img_08511.jpg ), 
  they are comparing putin 's actions to hitler 's actions before 1939 . 
  not comparing him to hitler or comparing his actions to that of hitler in of 1943 . 
  the difference is significant . 
  what they are saying is that invading countries with pretense of protecting your nationals living abroad is what was the start of ww2 , and mr. pupu is doing just that . 
   putin being hitler is not the german view ( the german business community hates it , they like to do business with russia ) , but an american view . 
  it 's not an american point of view , in fact one of the potantial american presidents is a putinboo , and he and his foreign policy is supported by something like 40-50 % of the electorate . 
  putin being literaly hitler is a way a lot of russian fanboys dismiss any criticism leveled against their dear leader and his foreign expansionist policies . 
  no one is calling him hitler even if the rhetoric he uses and actions he is taking are fairly similar to what dear adolph did pre 1939 ( invasion with enthno-nationalistic justification , supression of dissent and rampant militarism ) . 
  back to the tubers more likely . 
  well if we are nitpicking they could have been bombed by dive bombers like stuka , that were used in support of advancing infantry . 
  but yeah , shelled is probably a better word . 
  if soldiers took up defensive positions , anything and everything got bombed out . 
  step 4 : do n't get bombed out in ww2 . 
  i too suspect a danish conspiracy . 
  having a labor code that does not make employers very hesitant on hiring new people is not against the intrests of the working class . 
   damn , i need to grow money pssst ... !, 
  it 's called weed . 
  guys , guys stop fighting !, 
  how about we just make finland baltic , and be cooler and better then the lame ass , rotten fish eating nordics !, 
  on a serious note for anything to be considered a group there has to be at least three members . 
  two of anything is a pair and it 's always just a love/hate relationship . 
  a group of three can have an alliance , can be against one another , two can be against one with all the shades in between . 
  according to my sociology professor group dynamics can only apply to three members . 
  without a third member there is no baltic country group . 
  so lets woo finland with cheap booze , saunas and the inability to talk with one another , and make baltics great again !, 
  hey according to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geographical_midpoint_of_europe#/media/file:centre_of_europe.jpg ) you are north of three geographical centers of europe !, 
  because they are just a bit north of the geographical center of europe . 
  yeah , now i 'm in vilnius , but my hometown flips between tt/dp . 
  what a fucking shame . 
  well either way i think sunday night will be the perfect opportunity to get drunk . 
  watching the election results while sober would be too depressing . 
  i think that is a practical way of voting , but i 'll go with the liberals . 
  i just do not want to see the scumbag that is leading the defense ministry again . 
  would n't sound progressive enough and would not get the supermommie and superdaddy vote . 
  that is a slang term for new age-y , eco consious , no vaccinating and traditional family values propagating women and their husbands . 
  they are basically the `` lets live in the 1920-ies , when everyone was a peasant , got married at 16 , had 5 children , and went to the church every sunday to pray that god gave president/dictator good guidance . '', 
  party . 
  they are polling something like 15 % now . 
  also they are n't the only party calling themselves `` the greens '' though . 
  this is happening here ? 
  the religious nutjobs have been gaining support , and according to polls , we will have the green and peasant party in parliament after the election . 
  and they are going on a platform of traditional family values , state monopoly of alcohol distribution , and other bullshit . 
  i think we have set course for becoming poland 2.0 already . 
  and there i am only wishing for blackjack , hookers and drugs .
