  i had a chance to visit two holocaust sites last week and on both of the monuments it is clearly written that the killing was done by the ss and local collaborators . 
  if you are interested in why the holocaust was so total in a lot of eastern europe ( inb4 east-north-central europe debate ) there are a few excellent lectures by timothy snyder on this topic . 
  here is a [ link to one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxyhv90esiy ) of them , others are in the links . 
  definitely worth your time if you are interested in history . 
  you forgot to mention two and a half times richer version of estonia . 
  seriously though finland was considered a part of the baltic countries until ww2 . 
  after that different fates meant that finland came much closer to other nordic countries . 
  it 's almost like they think that their nation is better and more important than other people 's . 
  long , detailed and thorough explanation . 
  0 points . 
  that is why i do n't even bother . 
  there are very few people on / r/europe that prefer strong property rights , limited government and full self ownership . 
  mostly i dont even bother arguing about principles of liberslism/libertarianism here . 
  i dont understand this line of thinking . 
  every country that tried to build comunism failed , and it usualy ended in tragedy . 
  therefore comunist ideas are good and valid , but they have not been tried in practise . 
  it 's like building a car , whose every model afther 50 km bursts in to flames , killing everyone inside , than saying that `` it was not a real car , and we need to try to build same model again '' . 
  maybe afther so many atempts it is just reasonable to assume that schematics suck and will never work . 
  yep , that is why it 's good to have something shooting 9mm parabelum . 
  well damn ... will they infect us with homosex ? 
  yes , and all of them are in a military alliance with us . 
  kingdom of loathing . 
  an adventurer was me !, 
  inb4 comments that we are really just a temporarily confused part of russia . 
  it 's actually not that hard , you just have to be ridiculously systematic and thorough when reading his works . 
  then again i do love analythic philosophy . 
  if you want some seriously fucked up philosophical complexity open the ethics by spinoza . 
  yep we get plenty of belorussians and russians in vilnius . 
  but it is mostly businessmen and government officials looking for luxury goods . 
  as always i want to provide a [ soundtrack ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_hqlmxvpii ) for such events . 
  megalomaniacs stuck in irrelevant country . 
  or : boring , but we have beer . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  hopefully this will work , and if it will - awestome . 
  but i would keep my panties dry at the moment . 
  maybe he is a fan of [ the war nerd . 
  ] ( http://pando.com/2014/10/24/the-war-nerd-how-do-you-deal-with-wannabe-jihadis-an-upgrade-to-business-class/ ), 
  well i never saw russian soldiers and their discipline irl so i wont jump to conclusions . 
  oh if only we would get a [ liberator ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fp-45_liberator ) with our citizenship . 
  invading would be a completely stupid idea if every person , man or woman you meet could potentially shoot you in the back . 
  exactly . 
  our main priority should be well trained infantry with plenty of anti-air and anti-tank weapons , since the most we can do to stop an invasion is to buy time for nato to move in . 
  and well entrenched infantry is very hard to overcome . 
  actually soldiers never walk alone for exactly these reasons . 
  in hostile territory the rule of thumb is that even if you go to take a shit in the bush , you must bring two people with you . 
  1 . go to garage . 
  2 . take gasoline and mix it with soap shavings . 
  3 . have fun . 
  needs more crucified babies and russian slaves . 
  opinions ? 
  mostly it is regurgitated raw bovine excrement . 
  oh and that condescending tone is not very helpful if you want to get your arguments across . 
  well i have not seen so many of them . 
  and i 've seen more than my share of people pouring shit on him , saying that he was killed by the opposition , to create a martyr figure , or that it was a provocation by the west . 
  then again i visit / r/russia and / r/ukrainianconflict far too often . 
  i do n't know shit about the opposition parties and their main figures in italy , germany , poland and many other important countries , but that does not mean that if one of them would be killed under very suspicious circumstances , that i would not suspect their governments . 
  especially if they would have a track record of very suspicious deaths associated with them . 
  who knows . 
  his future and all the possibilities were taken from him . 
  pro-putinsts usually say that putin is the best , because there simply is no alternative to him - all the others are worse . 
  nemtsov could have been that alternative . 
  it only took one minute until they started calling them fascist/banderovc worshipers ... 
  there is no hope ... 
  i mean liberal in an economic sense . 
  that is what gives it strength . 
  singapore is usually considered one of the freest economies in the world . / i know that their social policies are almost dictatorial , but honestly economic policies interest me more . 
  we are in it for free trade and free movement . 
  you know , the thing that eu was supposed to be about . 
  not playing world rescue team . 
  that is the point . 
  small , liberal , economically strong countries can be powerful militarily . 
  if eu countries do not make good on their nato obligations , how would they be able to form a strong federal army ? 
  what would be the priorities , the command structure , would germany , that is unable to properly equip it 's own army be able to decide how others equip and train thers ? 
  honestly an army created by bureaucrats in brussels sound like subject matter for comics and death to any shreds of sovereighnity the countries still have . 
  does n't it ? 
  switzerland has absolutely no weight over any country in the world . 
  yet no one would think of attacking them . 
  hong kong and singapore could be destroyed with a single air raid , yet no neighboring country has ever felt a need to do that . 
  you do not need to be a big player to be safe . 
  ukraine was under the russian influence , was part of russia 's `` weight '' and once they no longer wanted to be part of that , their former allies turned on them . 
  if we allow central power of eu to grow to a similar level it is not inconceivable that it will start throwing it 's weight around in a similar manner . 
  it is already doing that , pushing a policy that is supported by very few member states , and even in those countries are very controversial . 
  and now eu is threatening sanctions on it 's members for disobeying . 
  so , no , i prefer the eu not having weight to throw around and in stead being based on competition and voluntary cooperation . 
  i see no problems with eu existing as a free trade , free movement block of countries . 
  what is `` weight over russia , usa and china '' anyway ? 
  how does such weight manifest ? 
  true , until the approved battle plan will be `` pull all forces east of the oder and defend there '' . 
  i do not see what advantage would a common european army would give over nato . 
  so maybe eu should use it 's lobbying might to increase the payments to unhcr at least among it 's member states . 
  but somehow people seem to push the issue from the other side . 
  nope if you really want to help refugees you help pay for their accommodation in the nearest safe country next to their homeland . 
  so syrians could stay in turkey , jordan , lebanon , egipt and saudi arabia . 
  no problems with integration , similar cultures , no risky trips by sea and simply cheaper . 
  the migrants are in greece because they want to go to germany and beyond . 
  if they know that they are not accepted there , they do not come to europe at all . 
  yay !, 
  forced resettlement programs !, 
  what , it 's been like 26 years since we left a union famous for that shit . 
  cant wait for programs creating a common military and a common european identity .
