  seriously there is this thing called sovereignty , and it means that a countries legitimate interests end at its border . 
  same shit the entire eastern europe went through after the fall of ussr . 
  communism always ends with a bad hangover . 
  russia was not a special case in the 90s . 
  maybe it 's leaders were more corrupt and less determined to become a normal democratic country . 
  depends on the demographic realy . 
  if you go to the dark depths of 4chan ( i only visit / k / and / out / ) sweden is an universal byword for a completely neutered country . 
  yeah i know , i 've just spent way to much time reading clasical liberal and enlightenment thinkers . 
  you tend to idealise murica after that . 
  or at least the ideas it was founded on . 
  now things are changing though . 
  what i wanted to say with the previous coment is that usa is fundamentaly individualistic , while sweden - fundamentaly colectivist . 
  so naturaly there will be a lot of trash talking . 
  in this case i can honestly say that they hate you for your freedom . 
  usa stands ( in the popular imagination at least ) for individualism , self determination , economic freedom and standing up for your values , with arms if nescessary . 
  and that is probably the scaryest list of no-no 's in the nordics . 
  well maybe minus the economic freedom part - while most people usualy say that the nordics are socialist , thay are always at the top of doing bussines index . 
  lithuania can in to colonies !, 
  how else will we get the ruber for the basketballs ?!, 
  jokes aside it is good that we ate participating in international opperations , we should always help our alies . 
  who knew that a bunch of skinheads will not like jews ? 
  i 'm not saying that you have to be a skinhead to not like the current refugee policy , but the faces and flags in the photos above are quite representative . 
  on a similar note 4chan board / pol / has recently released a quite popular video `` with open gates '' . 
  it ends on this note : https://youtu.be/44vzmng2fzc?t=1135 considering the 5 million views on the video it is possible that they have just took the bait . 
  if formal : male to male - handshake . 
  male to female greeting is also most usualy a handshke , however it the female who initiates the handshake . 
  if she does not , you politely keep your distance and nod while saying hello . 
  male to pansexual trans spacedragon-dildo-otherkin - politely enquire about xys/xers pronouns and state your privilege level which usualy ends with you being shouted on . 
  they are crossing multiple borders , and they have to abide by the local laws . 
  so if they are going towards britain , anything even a screwdriver for the purpose of self defence can attract severe repercussions from the police . 
  so if they are iranic people they have even less in common with russia . 
  aksu-74 it is . 
  had a chance to put some rounds through it . 
  nice , light and compact . 
  it is a fairly good weapon , and while a bit bigger than say mp5 it is a very handy peace . 
  i think we could use the corpse of f. bastiat spinning in his grave to generate some additional power . 
  granted it 's not as bad as blocking out the sun to give more revenue to the candle makers , but it is fuckin close . 
   they should tax all non-durable energy and fuel producers for environmental and health damages . 
  not like those things are taxed to hell and back . 
  for example here taxes are about 55 % of the price of gasoline ( excise tax and vat on top of that ) . 
  it 's not a case of politicians helping their friends in big business . 
  it 's politicians doing what they do best : voting to take money from you and give it to themselves . 
  frankly that would not be that bad , since getting free money encourages bad economic policies . 
  if it was not for the eu structural funds a lot of useless politicians would be out of power a long time ago and we would have to make our government slimmer and more efficient . 
  i ca n't comment much on german tv , but in my oppinion tv in general is a dying genre and i 've lived without a tv set for the last 10 years . 
  however if you look at the most popular and well recieved tv shows in recent history most are made by private networks like hbo ( game of thrones ) amc ( breaking bad ) or fox ( south park ) . 
  actually culture is often more accessible , understandable and popular when it works on free market basis . 
  for example shakespearean theater was a purely for-profit affair aimed mostly at the middle class and we still consider his plays the height of western culture . 
  same with cinema and hollywood - it grew so fast because it was unregulated and worked for profit . 
  when you only get money from people going to your shows you have to make them good and popular . 
  so getting the plebs to go to your shows is both profitable and reasonable . 
  on the other hand if you get funding for doing whatever you can easily engage in the abstract intelectual circlejerk that is a lot of modern art and not give a damn about what your viewers think . 
  the last spectacle i was in was a version of antigone by the state theater . 
  the actor that played a sly bootliking messenger was literally talking out of his ass ( he was bent over and was accentuating his words by clapping his buttcheeks to the rythm of his speech ) . 
  i do n't think that that spectacle would survive long if it did not get state funding . 
  although i can bet my left nut that a classical version of the same show would go down very well with most audiences . 
  well the left wing should have been discredited by the events of 20s ( russian civil war ) 30s ( holodomor , polish action , great purge ) 40s ( gulags and ww2 , occupation of east europe ) 50s ( mao takes power in china , korean civil war and the glorious leader coming to power ) and 60s ( great leap forward , prague spring ) . 
  both extreme positions do n't have a good track record . 
  sadly there is no cultural taboo against people who claim to be on the far left . 
  well we certainly have a black coffee market . 
  brussels has beaches ? 
  that is for when medical technology will make us near immortal . 
  fun idea though . 
   if you are forced to participate for your survival damn nature is so oppressive . 
  to think that you actually have to do something productive in order to continue living . 
  do n't want to work for someone ? 
  start a company , go freelancing , create a startup and ask for funding on kickstarter . 
  now is the best time possible to become a capitalist . 
  ca n't do that ? 
  well then start working for someone who can . 
  getting a handgun without id ? 
  not sure about that . 
  i was just going with an easily recognizable stereotype . 
  laws vary state by state , but as far as i know you can get a long gun quite easily , while you have to be 21 to get a handgun . 
  it 's hard to generalize america in general because on this question . 
  some states are stricter than a lot of the eu , wile some are completely liberal where a gun is just another thing you can by in walmart . 
  that ai n't no invention son . 
  it is simply the result of recognizing the fact that the person owns his own body and by extension the results of his labor . 
  the dutch invented the stock market , corporations and a lot of markers of the modern capitalist system , but that is definitely not capitalism . 
  when the first caveman exchanged a clamshel he found for another caveman 's handmade club , capitalism was born . 
  now i am truly proud of my country . 
  edit : [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekmklzoat38 ) for the interested . 
  it 's a result of a really bad drinking culture . 
  mind you , murders like that are a rarity , however the connection between alcohol and violence in the countryside is very strong . 
  but that can probably be said about every place with booze . 
  the point is that it is legal . 
  you ca n't imagine the liberating feeling of not having to go to a shady guy to get your weed which may or may not be laced with some shit . 
  you just walk in to a cafe , have some coffee and smoke a quality joint , all with a check and a smile from the barman . 
  you would probably get a similar feeling if you went to a gun store in alabama , got a colt and a few free boxes of ammo without even showing your id . 
  aw hell no !, 
  i 'm in my late twenties , i often have to shovel snow and scrape my car windows and i love every second of it . 
  nothing like good snow shoveling for wintertime outdoors exercise . 
  i 've worked in retail some time ago and my favorite part of the job was going outside shoveling snow . 
  day after day . 
  i hate it that our winter are becoming warmer . 
  [ ermm ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita ) we are in the top 3 according to who . 
  there is a newer study with similar data but i just cant find it now . 
  most people do n't drink that much . 
  i 've never seen bands of people rolling on the pavement in their own vomit like you would in see saturday night manchester . 
  however among the lower class people drinking is a sort of a sport .
