  a joke goes that american beer is like sex in a canoe - it 's fucking close to water . 
  have n't tried it , so just my uneducated stereotype . 
  and not chechnya . 
  god damn it , is it too late to get a gun at this point ? 
  with a neighbor like that , it would be nice to have the possibility of armed resistance . 
  i 'm guessing not . 
  unless you know they stop thinking of the entire eastern europe as their rightful colony , and everybody outside their benevolent empire as the enemy . 
  i second the russia part . 
  oh that is what you meant . 
  i guesss i 'm slow . 
  we have those , i just find the nature of mountains , not the climbing itself fascinating . 
  of course it can . 
  but the only claimable thing in here are trees . 
  we have even made a monument of the biggest [ rock ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puntukas ) we have . 
  and it measures a stunning 7x7 m. although we have many excellent swamps that are just as fun to explore sometimes . 
  guess you do n't need big altitudes to get high . 
  sorry for the lame pun i had to do it . 
  i know that feel ... at least it 's not that far to drive to norway and it 's mountains . 
  mountains . 
  sucks to live in a country with a highest point is close to 300 m. and not a single climable rock in sight . 
  preferably on the eastern border to set up a decent perimeter from russia . 
  and while we are on that matter , swiss type citizen army . 
  the only viable defensive solution for a small country with a big and unpredictable neighbor . 
  and weed ... for ... am . . medical reasons , of course . 
  also there were big food shortages in 1917/18 . 
  even a drunk population will turn rowdy if it has no food to help the vodka go down . 
  the old motto `` bread and games '' for keeping people docile is still relevant in the 21 century . 
  only the games have been replaced by booze . 
  and we are have too many of the buggers . 
  they are flooding some major areas , including one of my favorite areas for wildland walks . 
  the area is swamp , only possible when everything is frozen now . 
  still , i ai n't mad , nature is gon na nature . 
  nice . 
  always wanted to visit the far north . 
  too bad nordics are so expensive . 
  i remember the moment in february this year when it was finally possible to turn of the light in the office for a few hours in daytime . 
  it was so exciting to bask in the natural light . . arctic nights are a bugger , but i would love to see them . 
  where are you from !? 
  ! 11one1 ? 
  that 's the typical way that regulation by laws works . 
  like weed will ruin your life !, 
  so ... we will put you in jail and ruin your life to protect you from it !, 
  how is winter riding ? 
  is it possible to plow thru snow banks and is it not that slipery ? 
  i always thought about giving it a try on a good mountain bike with wide , bumpy tires . 
  yeah the legislators are not your friends in most cases . 
  they always seem to think that they can take care of you better that you can do yourself . 
  damn it would be a shame if beer above 3.5 % would be illegal in stores . 
  some of my favorite beers are in the 6-7 % range . 
  too bad that you only had the big commercial brands , they are rather tasteless compared to the stuff made in small breweries . 
  however it is hard to find them in normal stores and you really have to know where to look for them ... mayhaps you have an album from your bicycle trip thru the baltics ? 
  would love to see that . 
  do n't worry the 6-7 hour long days have not kicked in yet . 
  then you definitely feel that there are some things in the darkness and cold outside the empty windows . 
  kvass is hardly beer since it only has ~ 1.2 % alcohol , and it is usually considered safe for kids and drivers , but yeah it 's something of that nature . 
  it 's illegal to sell alcoholic drinks is shops in lithuania after 10 pm as well . 
  we have quite strong beer drinking traditions , and big respect for good beer , although most people still usually associate the baltics ( and eastern europe in general ) with nothing but vodka . 
  if you are interested in the local beer culture there is a good series of articles on it by some foreign guy . 
  http://www.garshol.priv.no/blog/253.html beer is really the best thing after a long day of physical exertion . 
  after a good brew you just feel so down to earth and at peace , it really is magnificent . 
  no my beer was in the bag . 
  do n't want the sun to warm it up too much . 
  this is a one liter bottle of kvass that i recycled in to a water bottle . 
  i 'm too cheap to buy a proper , sporty , tacticool bottle for water . 
  yeah , learning to dodge road zombies is a must on some roads . 
  i always assume that everyone is out to kill me , so i stay safe . 
  not sure if my bike could be called a zombie invasion survival bike , since it 's just my regular bike + biggest back pack i have , tent and sleeping bag , but in case of zombie outbreak i would definitely be using my bike or my moped , not the car . 
  much more maneuverable , better off road capabilities , and no worries about serious breakdowns , since you can usually fix all of the problems yourself . 
  with a range of 130 / 150 km a day i would be in northern finland/one of the baltic isles about a week . 
  my beauty , with my diy touring kit . 
   you should xpost this to / r/beer . 
  that is where i first saw the article  farmhouse style beers do not travel well because most of them are live beers ( `` gyvas '' in lithuanian ) . 
  that means that they are unpasteurized and unfiltered . 
  so in order for the beer to travel well it would need constant refrigeration and a stable temperature , and even premium wine does not get that treatment too often when traveling . 
  the active yeast in the beer is also responsible for the nutty , oily taste the author described . 
  it is hard to use the term `` home brewing hobby '' when talking about lithuanian beers , because in most cases it is not guys who mess around with making beer after work ( that is my stereotypical view of this scene ) . 
  in a lot of cases it is families of farmers , or who make beer on the side , and use it for domestic consumption and maybe sell a bit of it under the radar , ergo the name farmhouse beer . 
  the people who managed to turn their farming/beer making in to a profitable enterprise are the new small brewery 's that the article talks about . 
  there are stores that sell brewing equipment , but they are rare and the selection is crappy . 
  for example you can not buy the authentic strains of yeast , only standardized european strains . 
  best way to get them would be buying a bottle of live beer and just using the dregs from the bottle as a new colony of yeast . 
  if you ever plan a trip to vilnius , write me i will show you where the good beer is at . 
  not only lager yeast . 
  we have some unique strains that also make great dark , light , black and anything in between . 
  a bit more about that if you are interested : http://www.garshol.priv.no/blog/239.html, 
  beer . 
  lots of it . 
  dark and strong , not that euro lager crap . 
  and black bread . 
  then you fry the bread , put garlic and cheese on it , and clog your arteries to full satisfaction . 
   why such different rates in one country ? 
  the correlation i see in the map is that urban areas have a higher rate of abortions . 
  meaning people in cities have more access to family planing facilities and/or are screwing around more . 
  also people in cities have bigger opportunities for a carrier , therefore they are more inclined to see a child as burden . 
  in the rural areas people have less opportunities for a good job and can be more inclined to have children , because then they are entitled to bigger welfare payments . 
  there are some exceptions to this rule ( like the most sparingly populated region being firmly in the red ) and this is more of a guesstimate , but i think this is the general principle explaining the disco patern . 
   why does n't get the kitchen personnel tips then ? 
  or ceos ? 
  they have a motivating factor called wage . 
  the waiters receive a significant part of their wage in the form of tips , therefore good service leads to good pay .
