  i could use that if i am ever lost in the woods . 
  hey let 's cut a peace of rope from one end and tie it to the other end !, 
  that will make the rope longer !, 
  -100 years pass . - - dad , why do we always cut a peace of rope from one end and tie it to the other end ? 
  - well son , we have been doing this for a hundred years , and now it is very hard to change . 
  that is just how we do things . 
  it 's more about the way it messes up peoples sleep patterns . 
  there is a statistically significant increase in auto accidents and deaths following switching times . 
  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11152980 results : there was a significant increase in accidents for the monday immediately following the spring shift to dst ( t = 1.92 , p = 0.034 ) . 
  there was also a significant increase in number of accidents on the sunday of the fall shift from dst ( p < 0.002 ) . 
  no significant changes were observed for the other days . 
  a significant negative correlation with the year was found between the number of accidents on the saturdays and sundays but not mondays.conclusions : the sleep deprivation on the monday following shift to dst in the spring results in a small increase in fatal accidents . 
  so we are literally exchanging a small ( if at all significant ) savings of electricity in to a small number of deaths . 
  dst is the definitive proof that any stupid idea that the governments have will drag on and on and on for years , even when it is clear that it has absolutely no positive effect and even on the contrary is dangerous . 
  oh how that reminds me of the good old days , when everyone lived by moscow time and school started at 6 am . 
  fuck that . 
  i like my midday to be midday , and my midnight to be midnight . 
  i find your use of future tenses concerning . 
  `` will be destroyed '' should be replaced with `` would be destroyed '' . 
  unless you know about the plans that our dear leaders have . 
  in that case please share . 
  you see , i have a bunker to dig and it would be useful to have a timetable planned . 
  meaninglessness is like your mother here . 
  it is there for you what ever you do , it never releases you from it 's warm embrace . 
  even if you leave the country it will follow you wherever you go . 
  nothing you do will allow you to forget , nothing except ending it all . 
  reddit is unwinnable . 
  we are all just stuck here to escape the meaninglessness of our lives or to waste time while we should be doing something valuable like working or studying . 
  you can only win reddit in the same way that you can win the game - by not playing it . 
  image 7 : putin , get out of syria and ukraine . 
  image 9 : pathetic . 
  thief . 
  that 's what i can make out at least . 
  you see comrade , ancient greeks were actually russians . 
  this whole ancient greece thing is just a western homogay fabrication , to hide the fact that all western culture is actually russian culture . 
  soooo ... greece rightful russian clay now ? 
  well if he insists ... deus vult !, 
  germans are really not the brightest bunch . 
  believe me , photographs do not do it justice ... 
   how many muslim armies are currently sat on ` christendom ' soil ? 
  if we are talking historically , then the entirety of north africa and a significant part of the levant . 
  remember the first caliphate in the 7 th century ? 
  all of it 's conquest were on christian lands . 
  most of the church fathers like st. augustin were from that region . 
  i 'm not a big christian and even less of a fan of righting historical wrongs , but muslims did a whole lot of conquering of christian lands and opressing and enslaving christians even before europe was a thing . 
  edit : [ also this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcze7egorok ), 
  for the animal involved . 
  one shot rarely does it on a boar . 
  while you are cranking the bolt it can run away and die a slow painful death . 
  it would be much easier to get a fallow up shot with a semi auto , ending the animals suffering quickly . 
  i do n't even hunt and do n't like most hunters and i understand that . 
  well you seem to be awfully fond of posting the link about reactivated guns being used in the charlie hebdo shooting , while the stricter rules for deactivation is literary the only peace of the passed legislature that nobody has any problems with . 
  and that point is used to push through a lot of really harmful and stupid regulations . 
  so some trolling is healthy on someone using the broken record tactic of argumentation . 
  besides this is the internet . 
  deal with it . 
   i still think it 's a bad idea to make weapons easily available because then every criminal ends up having a gun the point is that it is very hard to get a weapon now . 
  so hard in fact that adding further restrictions is pointless . 
  in my case it was training , examination , mental evaluation , criminal background check and inspection if the weapon can be stored safely . 
  why further complicate the matter beyond the point where it becomes impossible for someone to get a weapon legally , and easy to get one illegaly ( as the 10000 weapons that have been seized in spain show ) . 
   a state-controlled militia would be capable of doing that very easily . 
  in fact i am a part of the national guard , i am the medic in my squad . 
  we get training , we get firearms on exercises , and theoretically we should get a weapon if shit hits the fan . 
  however everyone knows , that the armories are a prime target for the bombers and the missiles , and they are certainly one of the first objects to be taken over . 
  therefore everyone who is able to tries to get a long gun and have it in his house , because most likely it is the only weapon you would have in case of a crisis . 
  our capital is literally a 30 minute drive away from the belorussian border . 
  they could get to the armory faster than i could . 
   then you are screwed no you are not !, 
  you ca n't be . 
  screwdrivers are haram !, 
  he is doing a great job . 
  all props to him . 
  hey you can also move to best korea . 
  no guns in private hands there !, 
  seems that france had problems deactivating it 's radical muslims . 
  i do n't understand why you are so hung up on sport . 
  i live in the countryside , the cops are 30 minutes away . 
  we have a murder rate that is two times as high as that of usa , while having one of the lowest firearm ownership rates . 
  if someone starts breaking in , you bet your ass that i am better off with a gun than with a heavy stick . 
  my girlfriend would have even less of a chance to defend herself if she would not have access to a weapon . 
  also it is written in the constitution that every citizen has a duty to defend his country if it is attacked by a foreign power . 
  once again an semi auto civilian version of an ak with a standard capacity magazine ( 30 is standard , not high . ), 
  is much more useful for fulfilling that obligation than a sharp stick . 
  and getting attacked by a foreign power is not such an unlikely situation in this part of europe . 
  no that is stupid . 
  you have a rifle with 10 round magazine . 
  someone makes a magazine that fits 11 bullets . 
  bam , now you are a criminal with an a category weapon . 
  and since magazines are essentially a box with a spring , literally any weapon that takes magazines can be a subject to future ban since you can easily make a magazine that is over the limit . 
  also . 
  i 'm a member of the national guard . 
  i shoot a lot . 
  i own a handgun and plan to get a long gun soon . 
  reloading takes less time than finding a new target and aiming at it . 
  shooting 20 rounds straight would at best be 2-3 seconds longer than shooting 10 , reloading and shooting 10 . 
  also magazines were never registered and were sold just to anyone . 
  one of the guys i know has 70 30-round mags for an ak . 
  he is going to be a rich man soon . 
   this is russia 's top intelligence and cultural elite .
