  ecb has recently set the interest rate to 0 % . 
  you can not get more keynesian than that . 
  and we are still going down . 
  and i think it is ridiculous to talk about liberalization when governments in eu are in some cases responsible for the expenditures of 50 % + of gdp . 
  [ the average in eu is 48.1 % ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6899478/2-07072015-ap-en.pdf/797f4af9-c37f-4631-8211-5dd0b32fcb31 ) . 
  that is not free market economics and liberalism . 
  that is few percentage points short of a planned economy . 
  it 's mostly there to keep small time cigarette and booze smugglers away . 
  but in general i would prefer there to be no fence - it restricts the movement of animals too much , and since creatures like wolves and lynxes can migrate for hundreds of km , their chances of survival ( or finding a mate ) are greatly reduced by such barriers . 
  camembert is objectively superior . 
  and more stinky . 
  normandian camembert and epoisses . 
  danm , now i want to travel all over turkey . 
  and beer . 
  you can not have fried bread without beer . 
  it should be a crime to do so . 
  just my personal opinion , but blackpowder smells better than smokeless . 
  and you can feed a colt 1911 [ with blackpowder ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j84j7vq02cq ) loaded bullets . 
  sooo ... make america smell great again !, 
  hey you just gave me some ideas for national defence !, 
  turns out that mr. satan is not very good at languages . 
  and 23 years is such a short time for an eternal being bent whose sole purpose of existing is punishing the wicked . 
  yes , mostly manual laborers who have some basic motivation to work and do n't drink . 
  in big cities that is not a too bad problem but for example in my home town in the province , pretty much all of the unemployed people are drunks , and can not show up for work for like a week after they get their wage . 
  so they are more like unemployable , not unemployed because there is no work . 
  for example in my home town the store i go to constantly has an add that they are looking for warehouse workers and cashiers , and apparently even with 15 % unemployment they can not find workers . 
  even the cement mixing monkeys make something like the average wage in and around vilnius . 
  and that is as manual and simple as it gets . 
  it really depends on the field , but generally safe , clean jobs get payed less than hard and dirty stuff . 
  so a cashier will get payed less than the lowest rung of construction workers , even if their job takes more skill . 
  nope . 
  as a tradesman i earn twice as much as what i earned as a policy analyst . 
  sadly i need a bit more intellectual challenge , and just cant stand being around people who cant sneeze without launching in to a triad if russian cursewords , so i 'll be changing jobs son . 
  just out of interest : what do you do ? 
  i 'm a humanitarian considering my career options . 
  yes , you are a special snowflake . 
  she was a liberal/conservative . 
  not the most unbelievable combination . 
  and she gets all the flack because of her liberal policies . 
  i 'm not a big fan of thatcher , but the idiots that were screaming `` ding ding the which is dead ! '', 
  are simply disgusting . 
  and frankly britain has gone much more authoritarian after she left office . 
  i do n't know about people getting arrested for carrying around screwdrivers when she was around . 
  not even talking about the level of surveillance online and offline that most people in uk live in . 
  to me , a controlling , invasive nanny state is a much worse form of authoritarianism than what thatcher had in mind . 
  of course i do prefer freedom over any form of authoritarianism . 
  liberal in the clasical european sense - deregulation , privatisation , decreased taxation , cutting subsidies and government spending . 
  is it not what she is hated for - fighting labor unions and stoping subsidies to a bunch of companies that could not survive on their own ? 
  just fyi john locke is liberal , bernie sanders is a socialist . 
  yeah , heaven forbid , a woman politician who was a consistent liberal . 
  sure this crime validates all the cheers for her death . 
  no shit , i was in paris the last weekend , and the trees were blooming . 
  in my understanding that is supposed to happen in may or late april . 
  thank god we still have some snow or ice on the lakes here . 
  with the last winters i was begining to doubt my northern barbarian credibilities . 
  i feel much better knowing that the southerners are already enjoying spring , while i am dwelling in cold and darkness , hardening my heart , streangthening my body and letting nature cull the weak . 
  with some ideas and political systems , it is possible to defeat them by just isolating them and letting them ruin the society that supports it . 
  it happened to communism - the system just imploded from the retarded economic policy that is integral to the ideology . 
  same would happen to fundamentalist islam if we would stop trading with countries that spread it . 
  as for local fundamentalists simply cutting welfare to a bare minimum would force a lot of them to integrate . 
  it 's hardly possible to feel superior to the kuffar if your company policy is to smile and greet everyone before scanning their goods . 
  it 's also hard to keep your wife locked at home and use her as a breeder , if you actually have to get income from two people for your family to survive , and you can not just make more children to get more welfare money . 
  and how can you feel superior to your wife if she makes more than you do and is the breadwinner ? 
  i think that is why usa has been so successful in integrating various people - you simply had to work and become a useful member of the society if you wanted to have food in your table . 
  we will never gib eesti to the painting kissing blineaters !, 
  there are a lot of them actually . 
  lets just take the main god from the pantheon perk\u016bnas ( very similar to finish perkele ) . 
  list of places named for that : perk\u016bnaraistis , perk\u016bnbal\u0117 , perk\u016bni\u0161kis , perk\u016bnkalnis , perk\u016bnpiev\u0117 , perk\u016bndaub\u0117 , perk\u016bni\u0161k\u0117 , perk\u016bn\u0105\u017euolis , perk\u016bno sala , perk\u016bnkiemis , perk\u016bni\u0161k\u0117 ... and so on an on . 
  i , found this nifty document that lists all of the places named for perk\u016bnas : http://baltnexus.lt/uploads/images/2013/tautosakos%20darbai/vietovardziaisusijesuzodziuperkunas.pdf also the problem p\u00fchak being automatically translated to saint would be a problem here as well . 
  saint in lithuanian is \u0160ventas . 
  so places like \u0160ventoji should probably be counted in this map as well , even if the name is older and comes from pagan times . 
  trust me i thought about them , but i was just making a silly joke . 
  stupid jokes  facts . 
  ignoring all the problems with the map , i just have to say ... who is nordic now eesti ?!, 
  us - 0 , scandies ( all of them ) - 1 , eesti - 5 !, 
  you saint worshiping , in to nordic wanting , moose talkers !, 
  sanctions help bleed the countries resources , neutering it as a threat . 
  and if cooperation is impossible and the country continues saber rattling , and pushing it 's neighbors borders , sanctions make sure that the bark will be worse than the bite . 
  you know in both world wars russia fought against germany as an ally to all major european powers . 
  yes , europe was helping them in both of the conflicts . 
  it was not europe and usa against russia . 
  it was europe , usa and russia against germany + their occupied territories . 
  so you can not use the world wars as a justification for mistrusting the west . 
  also even with napoleon and his invasion , russia had the support of the entire europe against france . 
  it is very simple really , no european country wants there to be one major country dominating the entire continent . 
  when one country attempts to do that , all the other ally against it . 
  it happened with napoleonic france , kaisers and hilters germany , and after ww2 it happened with ussr . 
  and this is the part that russians are so sore about . 
  if there is a lesson from history to be learned here it is that if you try to dominate europe you will get your shit kicked in . 
  same goes for germany and for russia . 
  now you are asking for it , transgender somalia . 
  sooo ... the last terrorist attack was not a haphazard mass shooting ? 
  any classic liberal idea = trump = hitler , right ? 
  it 's like europe has forgotten that individuals can have some rights and can sometimes act without the permission and control of their rulers . 
   aurora shootings [ the aurora shooter specifically went to a cinema that was designated as a `` gun free zone '' . 
  ] ( http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/opinion/forum/story/2012-07-21/aurora-shooting-batman-pendley-mountain-states-concealed-carry/56394526/1 ) `` as a result , law-abiding citizens , including owners of concealed carry permits , who were in the theater that dreadful night were unarmed and thus unable to defend themselves and their fellow movie-goers from the murderous attack visited upon them . '', 
  seriously , it 's always better to keep that fact to yourself . 
  paranoid people will be afraid of you and it ` s better that no one knows in case the info gets leaked to some crook and they break in to your house to steal them . 
  the point is that there can be no fair distribution of refugees/migrants . 
  they are not cargo , thay have wishes and will of their own , and they probably have no interest in living in 4/5 of us .
