  where was it agreed on , who signed it ? 
  proof or it did not happen . 
  lots of russians use this as a talking point , but non seem to able to find any proof of it 's existance . 
  that plus i suck at basketball . 
  i 'm a good goalkeeper in football though . 
  to bad they did not decide to use an even more ancient and pagan [ symbol ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/columns_of_gediminas ) on at least one coin . 
  it 's mindaugas , not mendogs ( man-dogs , lol ) . 
  yes lithuania became increasingly polonized afther union of krewo , and especialy afther union of lublin , but the countries roots are lithuanian and pagan . 
  i think tom1099 explained it best . 
  also about the names : a lot of people still have two set of names , one lithuanian , one christian . 
  local churches do not baptize children with pagan names and you ( parents mostly ) have to choose a second , christian name . 
  i have plenty of friend named mindaugas , vytautas , gediminas and k\u0119stutis whose second name is a local variant of john , peter , joseph and so on . 
  so jogaila became w\u0142adys\u0142aw ii after his baptism in the same manner . 
  yes after expansion most of the lands , and most of the population centers were in ruthenia ( modern belarus and some parts of ukraine ) . 
  afther christianization via poland , most nobles started emulating to polish ( ergo christian and ergo civilized ) traditions , and speaking polish . 
  if it was more ruthenian or slavic lithuania would have become an orthodox country ( since all the lands east of vilnius were orthodox ) . 
  but still it was founded by lithuanians , in lithuanian lands and therefore we still consider it the progenitor of modern lithuania . 
  i would argue with that . 
  even the wiki article says : `` it was founded by the lithuanians , one of the polytheistic baltic tribes from auk\u0161taitija . '', 
  all three capitals ( karnav\u0117 , trakai and vilnius ) of the grand dutchy were in the territory settled by [ baltic , not slavic tribes ] ( lithuania http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:baltic_tribes_c_1200.svg ) . 
  it was a pagan country , while rutheninan lands were orthodox ( correct me if i am wrong ) . 
  the dutchy started expanding east due to strong opposition from teutonic and livonian ordins . 
  it would be really nice if the lithuanian name would become popular in stead of the polish and or belorussian one , since it is quite strange when your countries coat of arms is referred to in a foreign name ( and not just something generic as `` the horseman '' ) . 
  i love it that it is used in belarus as a symbol of resistance to lukashenka 's dictatorship . 
  [ awesome song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jswmw3oxquy ) where pahonia is used in the background . 
  although it is a symbol we share with poland and belarus , the proper lithuanian name for it is vytis ( although the meaning is the same - the chaser or pursuer ) . 
  i actually like the [ older version ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/older_version_of_lithuania_coa.png ) better . 
  it is much more elegant . 
  an announcement was made just a few hours ago that lithuania will definitely be joining eurozone on january 1 . 
  so look for the coins in a store near you . 
  this is war , damn it , and in love and war everything is permitted !!, 
  litas was pegged to the euro by 3,45:1 ratio since even before we entered the eu . 
  the ratio will not be changed when we enter the eurozone . 
  so no significant changes will happen . 
  we managed to make do perfectly fine without any artificial inflation and quantitative easing policies since 1993-1994 , when we adopted the currency board and pegged litas to the usd . 
  so , no , the economy will not die . 
  france has a distinct advantage : a long , dry baguette is a dangerous weapon . 
  this is a war we will lose . 
  unless ... fried rye bread shurikens with garlic and chili powder !, 
  yup same here . 
  from both sides of the family my grandparents were suspected of supporting the forest brothers . 
  when this appeared to be true , my grandma ( along with all the extended family - 8 people ) won a free trip to siberia . 
  3 people returned . 
  then my parents stories about all the shit they had to take for not being part of the komsomol , problems getting in to university for being `` children of enemies of the prolitariat '' . 
  and all the charming stories about standing in line for basic supplies , bribery , corruption , nepotism and all of the good stuff . 
  also a bit in history classes . 
  wooohooo !? 
  even though there are turbulences on the road to the common european market , i think we can manage the ride , if we all stick together . 
  i mean no shit , they are already looking for employees in lithuania . 
  too bad i am not an [ engineer ] ( http://www.cvbankas.lt/inzinierius-konstruktorius-druskininkuose/1-3939689 ) . 
  oh yes !, 
  awesome song . 
  i love that the coat of arms of the grand dutchy of lithuania is a symbol of resistance in belarus . 
  i think it is pointless to argue which is better in this case - life in the city or life in the countryside . 
  the people who prefer more rural life can stay in the countryside , the people who like cities can move . 
  their choice is the best argument for or against such life . 
  the problem here is that the possibility to choose is eliminated , and some people will be kept in their work by force . 
  and force can hardly be justified . 
  ah yes , that is what you get when a dirrector of a colective farm becomes your dictator . 
  he starts treating everyone as cattle , and you are not allowed to run away from your enclosure . 
  shame that things like that are still happening in the 21 century . 
  most greens fall in that spectrum . 
  there is a joke about them : greens , the watermelon party - green on the outside , red on the inside . 
  well said . 
  i did not think that this post would blow up , or that even someone would take it seriously . 
  here is the updated version with all the [ sources ] ( http://imgur.com/0qlz1yx ) . 
  i wont post it again since it has caused enough of a shitstorm already , but if you feel inclined , please repost it . 
  besides one russian said that the small letters on the side said that all the sources in the original are from world bank and imf year 2010-2011 . 
  [ here is the updated version . 
  yeah you are probably right . 
  it 's to late to delete the post now though . 
  numbers are not absolute , but per 100000 or per 1000 people , so total population size does not matter here . 
  the original 's resolution is too shitty to read accurately , therefore i left it as is . 
  due to popular demand i think i will have to redo this picture with sources , citations and whatnot . 
  sorry but i dont know . 
  as i wrote in the comment explaining this thread , i just translated the picture i found posted in fb . 
  i did not think that anyone would take this post seriously it was ment for a mere chukle ( i mean gayrope in the title should remove all credibility , right ? ) . 
  if someone would have the time to do sourced and verified graphic like that it would be great . 
  i 'm on mobile now , but a bit later i could redo this with sourced statistics . 
  no i seriously see shit like that every day . 
  there is even a dedicated group in lithuanian exposing chemtrails , and also posting pro putin/ukrain fashist/lithuanian nazi stuff . 
  some of them use figures like alex jones as a source . 
  strangely even american conspiracists and libertarians seem pro-putinist . 
  ron paul , who seem a reasonable figure ( dont know about his ideas , but he seemed to have integrity ) has even gone all pro-putin and anexation lately . 
  yes , lithuanian is my first , english - second , russian - third , and latin and ancient greek - fourt and fifth . 
  i have a bit of a classical education , and the ancient greek wrote much more about man-boy love , then most people can stomach . 
  i mean plato 's the feast and phaedrus are basicly 100 page long arguments why boys  women . 
  besides `` pederast '' is the most common slur for a homosexual in russia and most parts of eastern europe . 
  the entire europe , according to the russian propaganda machine is a bastion of abortions , pederasty , pedophilia , drugs , compulsory lbgt pride parades and so on . 
  it has even spilled out to my country : there are plenty of astroturfed groups in facebook praising russia , putin , calling for ussr 2.0 and saying that eu is causing autism and gaynes in babies by forcefully vaccinating them . 
  it seems that the entire force of lunatics , homophobes , nationalists , communists and conspiracy retards are preaching the downfall of europe and the rise of honest and virtuous russia . 
  their jargon is just stunning and geyrope if definitely one of their favorite terms . 
  it 's not personal against austria , even still quite homophobic poland and lithuania are parts of gayrope according to them . 
  why ? 
  i saw a quick comparison of several demographic statistics from russia and austria floating on the interwebs , and did a quick translation . 
  strange . 
  the link requires registration from this subreddit , although you can read it from the link in r/worldnews here is the article just in case . 
   china will not reach an agreement to import natural gas from russia 's gazprom during a state visit by president vladimir putin this week despite strenuous russian efforts to secure what has been portrayed as a key test of closer sino-russian ties . 
   russian media , officials and mr putin himself have repeatedly said the 30-year , $ 456bn deal would be signed during the president 's visit to shanghai , which ends on wednesday evening . 
   but petrochina , the listed subsidiary of state-owned china national petroleum corp , china 's largest oil company , told the financial times on wednesday that the deal would not be signed on this visit .
