  he was 16 and a fucking idiot . 
  it 's a joke , not a dick . 
  do n't take it so hard . 
  come on what ? 
  the trevi fountain ? 
   ublic ownership does n't mean that you have to give up your phones and computers and televisions , that 's personal property . 
  it only means you have to give companies and aparments/land that you do n't use for living . 
  that is right slave , your generous master will allow you to keep your hovel and your rags . 
  but do n't you dare use that axe to chop your neighbors firewood in exchange for a sack of potatoes . 
  that would be speculation , capitalism and exploitation . 
  then your axe is mine and your ass is in the gulag . 
  well what can you do when communists ca n't even keep an intelligent conversation going , not to mention entire countries . 
   those goddamn chinese idiots multiplying gdp per capita and enriching millions of people !, 
  by implementing free market reforms , ditching any semblance of workers rights , environmental protection , state ownership of means of production and encouraging corporations to move their business to china to set up sweatshops . 
  the only thing communist about modern china is the name of the single ruling party . 
  wherever you implement public ownership for the sake of equality you get no human rights . 
  always the case with comunism or socialism . 
  oh man the memories ... mostly of female construction workers with their short shorts hammering away at walls while gently swaying their hips ... 
  i need to be alone for a while now ... 
  still not as good as a rare pepe . 
  biologists could answer the how part i think , we just need to set up a goal . 
  there was an episode of sci-show on youtube about the eradication of mosquitos . 
  they said that eliminating them would have little impact on the ecosystem . 
  and those buggers have a serious amount of biomass around the world , while ticks are comparatively few and far in between , so eliminating them would probably be less of a problem . 
  probably i 'm just expressing my irrational hatred of those little fuckers , and since i work outdoors i see them a lot . 
  now i 'm vacksinated , but i know a few people who suffered deblitating efects from tickbites . 
  one of my classmates for example basicly has a non functioning liver and nerve damage from tickbourne encephalitis . 
  maybe it 's time to eradicate ticks in general . 
  the ammount and variety of deadly diseases these eight legged freaks spread is incredible . 
  these fuckers keep me from hiking for about four months every year . 
  and i doubt that it would have a significant ecological impact . 
  there are other , lovelyer bloodsuckers who could do their job just as well . 
  well the joke is on them , i get my news on reddit and i never read the articles , just the comments !, 
  your parents get fined , arested and then if they presist , get sent to prison , if you do not go to school pretty much everywhere where education is compulsory . 
  school ? 
  most modern combat takes place in cities . 
  and defenders have a huge advantage there . 
  god , that fucking clickbait title ... 
  ever heard of urban combat training facilities ? 
  yeah , countries with militaries usually have them . 
  politburo is only friend you need . 
  well i guess it 's possible , however military is definitely not an institution that should have problems of finding where to spend their money . 
  i mean it already is understaffed , underequiped and underpayed . 
  why not just buy ammo in bulk ? 
  some more assault rifles ? 
  some new javelins ? 
  hell , by a few thousand rpg-7 from ukraine . 
  i belong to the rifleman 's union and i get 40-50 bullets for training every year . 
  all other training comes out of my pocket . 
  why not up it to say 200-300 shots . 
  the money would be much better spent on things like that . 
  now they bought a bunch of tactical pots and pans . 
  got ta hit that 2 % target !, 
  they are both run by bureaucrats tasked with spending other people 's money . 
  so while not the same people , it 's the same category of people . 
  simply put russia is seen as a threat . 
  we are small , russia is big , and there are two conflicts in ex-ussr countries where russia plays a big role . 
  both conflicts started with dodgy pretexts of protecting ethnic russians and calling the countries fascist . 
  same excuses can be easily used here and russian media has been spreading similar propaganda about our countries for a long while now . 
  eu is shaky , nato is shaky so obviously there is cause for concern . 
  however most people do not blame russians as a nation , only the government . 
  but the enthusiastic support that the current administration has is slowly eroding this . 
  wild capitalism - best capitalism !, 
  no , this is the glory of capitalism !, 
  if there is popular demand for crimes against european cuisine , there will be companies willing to provide it . 
  i just love it !, 
  are the requirements for getting it very strict ? 
  making your own is actualy very easy , but i guess that will also be forbiden ? 
  that is really horrible . 
  sad that your government does not trust you with something as basic as the right to defend your life . 
  the drunk guy could have pulled a knife out . 
  it would have been the same . 
  and while the odds of a girl with a gun vs a drunk guy with a gun is in the girls favor , the odds of a drunk guy with a knife ( hell even with his fists ) vs a girl with a knife are in the bad guy 's favor . 
  found the control freak ... 
  hey east of berlin we need guns to protect ourselves from the russians . 
  that is a very valid reason . 
  `` gun deaths '' is a bullshit statistic because it includes suicide with a gun . 
  i use my gun for putting holes in paper . 
  look in to blackpowder weapons . 
  fun to shoot and very little regulation in most places . 
  what could be more glorious then dispatching assailants with rifle , bayonet and a good old sixshooter ? 
  yeah it realy is a great event . 
  criminals are already armed , terrorists are already armed , depressed teenagers are already armed and all illegaly . 
  making firearm possesion even more restrictive for normal people will not change that . 
  actualy they alredy are late to the game . 
  in a lot of cases thinking that others will defend you is the definition of false sense of secuirity . 
  no there is not . 
  and if you are so sure , please proove it . 
  my life is everything i have , and if i need it to protect my life then it is worth it . 
  honestly , yeah i sometimes wish we would do a bit less whining and remembering shitty history and think more about the future and how to make it better . 
  precedent . 
  they 've already invade two ex-ussr countries with dodgy pretexts of protecting ethnic russians and calling countries fascist . 
  they can easily use the same excuses here and they have been spreading similar propaganda about our countries for a long while now . 
  eu is shaky , nato is shaky and russia is the most agressive it has been since the end of ww2 . 
  free ? 
  but with some restrictions ( no nutters , no criminals and basic training ) that can be a beneficial thing . 
  defending your life is a basic right , and having the necessary and effective means to do that should not be practically impossible for most people . 
  for example i 'll be moving out to the countryside 30 km outside of the capital and if anyone would decide to break in or attack me while i 'm at home the police would be there in 30 minutes at best . 
  if two or three people would attack me , i would probably not be able to defend myself if i would be unarmed , even though i 'm fairly fit and have some martial arts training . 
  my gf would easily be overpowered even by a single aggressive guy .
