  well aint that ` some shit ? 
  why should you hire someone who is unexperienced , has no skills , no work ethic and an education that is as far from reality as it gets for a cost that is bigger than what he would make for the company ? 
  lower minimum wage , less regulations on apprenticeships and internships would give young people the chance to get some relevant experience and skills , and help them find a place in the productive workforce . 
  yes those cheaper prices definitely do not encourage people to buy . 
  no no it does not work like that !, 
  first you take the money from the people , and then you give it to someone else ( probably your friends in the bank that helped you get elected ) . 
  then everyone becomes rich and happy !, 
  god forbid you would stop spending money you do n't have , and actually start saving by cutting useless expenses . 
  that never helps the economy !, 
  if you cut 2 billion from the total budget of 2609 billion . 
  that will be terrible austerity , everyone will become poor if the government will cut even a tiny bit of the budget !, 
  the news have told us many times that austerity is bad , and you should listen to them , their experts know better . 
  makes damn good white wines . 
  gruner veltliner in particular . 
  has the it 's flag printed on all the wine bottle caps . 
  late 19-th and early 20-th century vienna ( imho ) was the intellectual center of the world , giving us such thinkers as l. wittgenstein , l. von mises , f. a. hayek , freud and many others . 
  http://exiledonline.com/war-nerd-this-is-your-war-on-drugs/ hilarious article on the topic of drug use in wartime . 
  you know that / s tag means sarcasm right ? 
  that was what i was trying to say - falling prices help boost consumer demand . 
  ( ergo lower inflation , which only happens when intrest rates are up ) . 
  however the game made by ecb does not even take this in to account . 
  since it is comming from an institution that egzists to create inflation ( by creating currency ) i call this game utter rubbish and propaganda . 
  yesss , if you wont borrow more money from ecb and set a reasonable intrest rate of like 5 % ( like it was in pre bubble times ) , prices will fall , and we know that nothing discourages people from buying stuff like falling prices . 
  you just have to wish money in to existence , allow anyone to borrow for whatever reason , and thing will get better i 'm sure . 
  there are some different versions of this floating around the internet , but this version fits the occasion . 
  although the translation of your quote sounds fancyer and more poetic : `` and his hands would pail the priest 's entrails for want of rope to strangle kings . '', 
  `` men will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest . '', 
  d. didrot ( i think ) . 
  substitute politician for king and you have the only solution to the problem . 
  and he who defends himself will go to jail . 
  i fail to see what is wrong with a mutually beneficial contract that is : 1 . 
  not strictly illegal , but just unregistered ( the p.c. 
  term would be working with a verbal agreement . ) . 
  does not involve any type of criminal activity . 
  does not support a corrupt government , that uses taxes ( and eu funds ) to screw people over , and sends the money to crooks with political connections . 
  working illegally can be a life saver in difficult times . 
  contrary to most expectations , people are not likely to screw you over if you do a good job . 
  jep it is . 
  although i 'm not sure how it got an official name since all the land is squatted , the streets no more than dirt paths and all the houses are built illegally . 
  i mean damn , our gypsies live in places like this http://goo.gl/maps/x0qkc and they basically have a monopoly on the local drug trade , which is sure to bring in some cash . 
  tacky or not romanian gypsies must be much more enterprising and thrifty than their northern brothers to afford such places . 
  i just love this photo http://goo.gl/maps/ymqs1 - clients arriving in queues of taxis to get a fix . 
  and we are in the top three !!!, 
  finally we are significant !, 
  i wonder what influence do traditionally big immigrant families have on the stats . 
  sorry poor knowledge of reddit formating . 
  here is the link to the lyrics : http://eilerastukaivaikams.blogspot.com/2011/01/vire-vire-kose.html, 
  vir vir vir pelyt\u0117 milteli\u0173 vogti ... lithuanian language is very phonetic ( one letter almost always stands for one sound ) so when you know what is pronounced in what way , you know how it will always be pronounced . 
  here are the pronunciations of unusual letters . 
  \u0160 is pronounced like in sh english \u012e is basicly a long i ( like ee in sheep ) \u016a is pronounced like long u ( oo in moor ) \u0172 same as \u016a only due to grammatical appears in the end of words . 
  \u0116 - hard to explain , something like ae , cant find a propper english equivalent . 
  but in the song it is last sound in the word vir\u0117 . 
  \u0104 , same as \u012e , longer , deeper a ( the middle sound in car vs. cup ) \u0118 - longer deeper e \u017d - same as g in mirage song : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quikbt5fz0s best luck to your grandma . 
  let 's not be coy . 
  he 's not just left of labor , he 's a simple commie . 
  maybe there is a source for this or more analysis ? 
  i wonder what are the reasons for such a rating . 
  noooooo ... 
  f *** yes !, 
  we finally have plenty of potato and no longer have to salt them with tears !, 
  it is a good day . 
  dark rye bread sandwich with cream cheese and/or ham , a few cookies and a bit of fruit or a few walnuts . 
  i usually get up two hours before i leave for work , so i 'm never in a hurry . 
  although if i would have to hurry i would just get a cup of coffee on the way to work , and just wait for lunch . 
  that is true . 
  but lack of initiative is not the same as lack of hard work . 
  lithuanians are very hard working and that is what work guilt is about , but they are not initiative or creative . 
  in a conservative country ( which it was pre ww2 ) lift your head above everyone else and you 'll get a slap on your head , in a communist country do the same and you can get shot . 
  same for me : when i finish my work , i could start some of the projects i have come up with and that would be beneficial to my employer , but in stead just choose to do what i am told and do it well . 
  no no , lithuania . 
  never been to serbia ( or anywhere close for that matter ) so would not be talking about that . 
  a lot of people say they would like that , but i 'm guessing most would really be ashamed to accept the money and do nothing . 
  when people go in to retirement here they become fervent about gardening , cleaning , crafts and even taking care of graves , just to be busy with something `` important '' . 
  nope , although ideologically i like few american thinkers and the whole self-reliance stuff . 
  nope , not really . 
  the soviets could have just been using an old sentiment that existed in the society long before they started making propaganda from it . 
  the rhetoric about priests and bourgeois is just artificially glued on an old saying that probably is common pretty much any agricultural society . 
  prety much like christian festivals were pasted on old pagan traditions in an attempt to absorb them . 
  my grandma is and always was religious , and fervently anti-communist ( had a free holiday trip to siberia for it too ) , so i really doubt that the saying could have gone down from a propaganda poster . 
  we have versions of it used in fables and fairytales , songs that came centuries before the communist period . 
  it took me two hours to notice the red letter icon , so yep i 've been busy . 
  on free time if a make a comment on something i just sit there fingering the f5 button every fifteen seconds . 
  btw researching methods to block webpages on my work pc now most prominently - reddit . 
  i just have to put you down boy , i have no choice ... 
  yep , same thing a bit south from estonia . 
  slacking is considered a dreadful sin ( unless of course you work for the government , there it is the norm ) , and most people still imagine that true work is manual work . 
  one of my grandmother 's favorite proverbs was `` who does n't work , dear child , does not need bread . '', 
  i feel really stupid if i finish my work early , and spend the last few hours of work just waiting for the time to pass . 
  most often i plan my day so that i would have as little free time as possible , because i feel ashamed if i am at work and not busy . 
  we have those in lithuania too . 
  you guys were really quick about recognizing our independence , will definitely have toast to iceland on march 11-th . 
  pride in our medieval history and the brief period of independence between the two wold wars , a bit of resentment about the union with poland . 
  than a kind of defensive and `` omg barbarians at the gates ! 1 !! 1 ! 1 !!! '', 
  mentality that two occupations by russia brings . 
  lithuanian culture and language was suppressed multiple times , so we are very paranoid about foreign cultures influencing our own . 
  and also the bureaucracy , indifference , hostility and a feeling of helplessness that the soviet period left behind . 
  oh those need a special , mature pinot noir from burgundy , after about 7-10 years they develop a lovely smell of decaying wood , wet leaves and mushrooms . 
  that should go well with diseased horse . 
  but i guess they serve those fat lazy horses that are especially bread for meat . 
  no no , in this case we are dealing with old working nags from possibly romania or somewhere else in eastern europe ( no one knows for sure , but just guessin ' ) .
