  even if a lot of the migrants would get transfered to eastern europe , few of them would stay here . 
  really ? 
  my mistake then . 
  i 've heard it mentioned several times , but i could not double check today . 
  i thought that three shot burst capability is not defined as being full auto , so an exception applied to them . 
  estonia has one of the most liberal gun laws in europe . 
  civilians can buy and own rifles capable of three shot burst mode , a thing that even americans can not get . 
  also there are 27 firearms per 100 people in estonia . 
  in contrast in lithuania we have 70 times less firearms per person than in usa and we have murder rate that is twice higher . 
  so i do not see a corelation or causation here . 
  op you have your facts ass forwards . 
  conserning homosexuality at least . 
  lenin made it legal , while stalin criminalised it again . 
  it remained a crime punishable up to five years of hard labor . 
  from wiki :  in 1933 , joseph stalin added article 121 to the entire soviet union criminal code , which made male homosexuality a crime punishable by up to five years in prison with hard labor . 
  the precise reason for article 121 is in some dispute among historians . 
  the few official government statements made about the law tended to confuse homosexuality with pedophilia and was tied up with a belief that homosexuality was only practiced among fascists or the aristocracy . 
  the law remained intact until after the dissolution of the soviet union ; it was repealed in 1993, 
  ah the obligatory '' * ha ha ha * , * snort * , we are better than the muricans !, 
  * snort * . '', 
  comment . 
  quite similar . 
  although the temperatures are usualy a bit lower . 
  mostly about 70 degrees with similar humidity . 
  afaik finns prefer higher temperature . 
  although nakedness is a matter of individual taste - some hosts require it strictly , while some do not allow it . 
  we also have an archaic version of sauna - smoke sauna . 
  it 's a normal sauna house , but it has no chimney , just a smoke hole . 
  the fire is built inside a primitive fire place that looks like a hollowed out stone pile . 
  you let it burn out , and when the fire has died down , you open the windows , let the smoke out , pour the water on the stones and you can go inside and enjoy your steam . 
  you end up feeling like a smoked sausage after it anyway . 
  do you have that ? 
  than they told us to strip naked , and beat us with wooden twigs . 
  after that they tried to waterboard us . 
  kaliningad is the most heavily militarised strip of land in europe ... 
  let me just quote mr. keynes ( who seems to be this sub 's armchair economists sweetheart ) on the issue : lenin is said to have declared that the best way to destroy the capitalist system was to debauch the currency . 
  by a continuing process of inflation , governments can confiscate , secretly and unobserved , an important part of the wealth of their citizens . 
  ... lenin was certainly right . 
  there is no subtler , no surer means of overturning the existing basis of society than to debauch the currency . 
  the process engages all the hidden forces of economic law on the side of destruction , and does it in a manner which not one man in a million is able to diagnose . 
  and by the way there is no need to act like a jerk . 
  i said what i know about this issue , you did the same , and we can be civilized people and leave it at that . 
   varoufakis i 'm sorry but i will not take him as an authority on economic matters . 
  all marxists are economically illiterate . 
  and how successful were mainstream economists in predicting anything in the last few decades ? 
  2008 crisis ? 
  oil price fall to 30 dollars , the stagnant economy of the last five years ? 
  chinese economy starting to falter ? 
  it is impossible to predict the future state of economy , especially if you try to rely on empirical models . 
  contrary to the laws of physics human behavior changes depending on circumstances and available information . 
  and circumstances are chaining an evolving constantly . 
  the only certain way to make economic predictions that have some ( quite little ) basis in reality is to look at the rationalizations of people making choices in given circumstances . 
  what would i do in his shoes . 
  i like the idea of economics as a praxiological science . 
  for power and money at home and for geopolitical reasons mostly . 
  some companies profit incredibly from war by supplying equipment . 
  politicians build their careers , and ensure reelection on it . 
  officers get to add medals to their uniforms . 
  but that is gaining riches by making your own country poorer . 
  not like in medieval times when you can build an empire on the loot of war , like the mongol empire . 
  for example the war in iraq is estimated to have cost about 1.1 trillion dollars . 
  there is no way that usa could have recovered that much from iraq . 
  and by the way we are fighting much less than before . 
  the world in general is becoming peaceful . 
  on the contrary , the only acting unit in an economy is an individual . 
  because that is what the wast majority uses to make decisions in their life . 
  how likely are you to take a long term loan , start a businnes , or start saving if you have no idea how will the market look like in five years , and your government is medling in the market in ways , which have never been tried before , and sound something like the policies of weimar republic ? 
  in other words regime stability is critical for economic decisions made by ecnomic actors , and now the regime looks unstable and unpredictable . 
  if `` common sense '' can be used to understand current and future policy , you do not have that problem , and are more likely to to make risks and important decisions . 
  sorry but i do n't understand how that could work : population does not grow , the amount of resources does not grow as well , however the amount of money is increasing . 
  prices should rise regardless . 
  care to explain more ? 
  increasing the currency supply is an indirrect tax . 
  a higher amount of money is used to buy the same amount of goods , so the price goes up sooner or later . 
  the people who are savings are loosing money , while the people who are geting the cheap money spend it as they wish . 
  with qe we are promoting short term thinking and irational use of resources in sted of promoting triftyness and rational use of funds and resources . 
  we are kicking the ant from his house and giving it to the grasshoper . 
  that is not a recipe for stability . 
  yeah serioisly it feels like economic policy has been completely divorced from the world of common sense . 
  banks being paid to borrow money , government debt to dgp ratios approaching 100 % , no inflation despite fervent money printing ... 
  i 'm just sitting here waiting for this all to come tumbling down . 
   has n't modern warfare always been `` hybrid '' ? 
  actually , no , modern warfare has always been total , balls to the wall conflict between modern nation states , which themselves are a creation of modernity . 
  the winner takes it all , and the looser is left on a pile of rubble . 
  think ww2 . 
  ancient warfare was more like territorial , tribal conflicts , mostly with the purpose of raiding , getting slaves , earning reputation . 
  since it was easier to gain resources by plunder than by labor warfare to a certain extent was economical . 
  i think it applies to most conflicts until napoleon . 
  that is why conflicts were so common and in most cases small scale ( greatest medieval battles had something like 30000 troops at most , while verdun had about 2 million casualties in 6 months of non stop fighting ) . 
  now we have postmodern warfare . 
  the perception of the conflict is more important then the results of the conflict ( killed soldiers , destroyed infrastructure , captured territory and so on ) . 
  now the most important thing is how the conflict can be spun for propaganda purposes to influence domestic or international politics . 
  in this regard it is kind of similar to ancient warfare . 
  wars create heroes ( think of putin 's popularity ) , create internal unity and an us/them mentality ( tribalism ) , and help strengthen or forge national identity ( myth building ) . 
  however postmodern warfare is not economical - our production capacity is so great , and our military technology is so advanced , that working and trading is much more economical than obtaining resources by force . 
  and obviously no one is going all out as that would mean total destruction . 
   their old ~ ~ allies ~ ~ slaves ftfy, 
  russia 's economic woes go deeper . 
  mostly it is the economic reliance on oil and gas export . 
  it amounts up to 60 % of their total export .
