  leave the pipe alone man . 
  if there ever was a statue to government incompetence that is it . 
  that is why we have to keep it . 
  georgia is europe 's balcony , with a good view of asia . 
  the war also marks the restart of russian imperialism . 
  that is very important . 
  yeah those 10 or so calm years were nice . 
  honestly hard to think of a peaceful decade in the last hundred years . 
  1920-1930 economic crash . 
  1930-1940 rise of fascism , spanish civil war , ongoing economic collapse , start of ww2 . 
  1940-1950 ww2 , atom bombs , iron curtain . 
  1950-1960 hungary uprising , height of cold war . 
  1960-1970 , hippies , drugs , civil unrest all over , prague spring . 
  1970-1980 oil crash , but relative stability . 
  1980-1990 beginning was quite calm , but ends in the fall of iron curtain . 
  1990-2000 fall of communism , end of cold war , economic collapse in the eastern block and following recovery , balkan wars , chechen wars . 
  2000-2010 expansion of eu and nato , economic collapse , war in georgia . 
  europe is certainly not a boring place . 
  we both know how that would end . 
  strap-on rape . 
   how am i supposed to hide with my significant other in 2 foot tall wheat field ?? 
  by being horizontal . 
  joking aside , yep , the fields are definitely shorter than i remember them . 
  maybe ... you 've grown up ? 
  i remember when i was so small i could hide in the grass . 
  we should make weed and prostitution fully legal , tax the income , take the money , build several more ikea 's , paint everything gray , white and blue , throw away half of the stuff from our homes , and boom , we are the more fun nordics . 
  tallinn is 300 km from st. petersburg and estonia is in nato just fine . 
  ultimately russia has no say in who joins nato and who does not . 
  just like we have no say in who joins eurasian union or whatever pet project mr. pupu has . 
  and russia has done enough to alienate ukraine for good . 
  weather or not other nato countries want ukraine is another question , however since they have real world experience of dealing with 21 century warfare that is not blowing up goatheards from apachies i think that ukraine could be very usefull for nato . 
  yep , equality of opportunity , not equality of outcome . 
  i think it 's just trolling . 
  well they will certainly have plenty of relevant experience . 
  hopefully the conflict will be solved soon ( or ever . 
  yeah , that was bait , and i swallowed it . 
  much science , such facts , wow . 
  please tell me how did you measure the emotional strength , and by what measure women have given a better performance . 
  lets talk numbers and scientific studies please . 
  if a woman is in a mixed platoon , then it is very relevant if she cant bench press a certain weight . 
  no matter how small she is , she might need to drag or carry a wounded soldier who can weigh a fuckton with all the gear . 
  and if she/he ca n't pick him up she fails her job . 
  no discrimination here , just requirements of the job . 
  the totally not russian funded authority conveniently located on the russian border . 
  russia/ukraine border is on the east , sooo ... 
  nope , marxist countries are not known for using forced labor . 
  just without the guns . 
  so not fun . 
  jesus , colt and browning is the real trinity . 
  actually it has made up it 's mind and stayed the course for like 200 years . 
  it goes something like this : `` we have our mountains , our guns , and we can keep your money safe in our banks . 
  if you do not want that , then fuck of . '', 
  good position tbh . 
  thank you that is a really interesting answer . 
  cheers for the talent !, 
  nah , i hate socialists , welfare queens , religious nuts , authoritarians and the willingly ignorant regardless of the colour of their skin . 
  a lot of my countrymen fall in to those groups and i have no love for them . 
   keep your victimization complex in check . 
  others have had it much worse than you , longer than you . 
  i 'm not polish . 
  i do not or have not lived in britain . 
  i was wondering about increased reports about attack against polish people . 
  from the news stories they do seem like a new thing . 
  keep your knickers untangled , please . 
  so that is politically correct xenophobia ? 
  i would be more worried about someone living on welfare than someone doing honest work and generally contributing to the countries future ... but yeah , dey tuk er jebs !, 
  can someone explain please why all the pole hate ? 
  i mean it is just weird that brits would mostly be angry at polish people and not say people from pakistan . 
  is n't that what is racism all about ? 
  hating people who are different from you . 
  the funny thing is that all of china 's demand for lebensraum could be solved by just moving in to the russian far east . 
  chinese businessmen have been moving in to that region for a while now , and while it is huge and sparsely populated it has all the natural resources one could ever want . 
  not to mention that china would have a huge logistical advantage if they ever made their move - they would only need to cut the trans-siberian railroad , and all supplies would stop . 
  well all male nominative nouns in lithuanian end with - as , - is , - us , which is the same as greek ( i 've had a year of ancient greek and was not the best student , so sorry if i say something stupid . ), 
  also the surname 's root comes from the ancient word for man or manly ( \u1f00\u03bd\u03b4\u03c1\u03cc\u03c2 - andr\u00f3s ) . 
  but yeah both ancient greek and latin have a natural feeling when you speak them , maybe it 's just the syllables that are used or the similar amounts of vowels and consonants in words . 
  that is actually a bait . 
  we need to lure isis in since they are obviously incompetent . 
  when we lure them in to our environment , we obviously will win due to our +30 % resistance to cold . 
  so we will have easy time dispatching them for the xp and loot , so we will be in a better position if it comes to the boss fight with you-know-who . 
  so eu will start acting like any other empire when it 's constituent states try to leave ... at this point i 'm starting to think that it is not a force for good . 
  that is it . 
  eu is dead . 
  pack your shit up people . 
  for everyone who does not care to read the shitty translations in to their obscure native language . 
  trust me , i 've had to deal with eu regulations in my work , and not once have i opened them in lithuanian . 
  this is exactly why uk left . 
  if you want a strong eu keep it as a free trade , free movement area . 
  few people want to be ruled by unaccountable , unelected career politicians . 
  eu has a severe lack of democratic legitimacy , a federation would have even less of it . 
  pay your debts first , then you can lecture other people what their ancestors should have done 70 years ago . 
  they leave well enough as cargo 200 . 
  * tips fedora . 
  * i 'm not reigious , i just do not preach atheism . 
  yeah i meant the ottoman empire that extends south from constantinople . 
  that is a great place to stop . 
  btw hussar uniforms are fabulous . 
  secularism is possible in muslim countries , but that is a direct violation of the beliefs . 
  the koran has strong judicial , legislative and even economic implications . 
  ignoring them is being a bad muslim .
