  train ride across the country . 
  1 night in an ok hotel . 
  you could bribe a cop and with what is left buy a hot dog and a coffe at the gass station . 
  yes and especially with money we pulled out of thin air . 
  that will help everyone . 
  i love a quote by m. oakeshott : `` in a modern democracy each man is one millionth part of a master and an entire slave . '', 
  ( i 'm quoting from memory so sorry if there are some mistakes ) . 
  russia fought against fascists , so if you do not like russia you like fascists and/or are fascist yourself . 
  the simple logic of russia today . 
  thanks , i did n't know about this . 
  true , i should have been clearer on this point , i meant the income tax , but the mistake is quite small : denmark 's rate is roughly 49 % . 
  our income tax is 21 % and usually this number is brought up when talking about taxes in lithuania . 
  however social security , healthcare and other taxes are payed by the employer , so you just do n't see them , but the wage is lower nonetheless . 
  all taxes amount to somewhere between 35,4 % and 42 % plus additional 21 % vat . 
  since the taxation system is more or less flat ( it 's complicated , so i think there is no point in explaining it in detail ) most people pay closer to 42 % than to 35 % . 
  for example a person who makes minimum wage after all taxes gets 650 lt. 
  in his wage check he sees that before taxes his wage is 800 lt. 
  however an employer who hires him has to pay additional 250 lt in taxes . 
  so his real wage is 1050 lt , from which he pays 38,1 % to the state . 
  so it is closer to denmark 's rate than most people think . 
  i meant that the 21 % that is usually presented as the tax rate is quite false . 
  however we do not have such significant taxes on real estate , corporate taxes and so on which are higher in denmark . 
  and the private sector shrank by 20 % . 
  that means that public sector had to cut additional 11 % to be on the same level that the private sector was . 
  and the reduction of 9 % was from the 2008 budget plan that was a pre election budget , and therefore very generous . 
  they just cut what they wanted to increase on the previous year so in effect they just grew less , not shrank . 
  i 'm calling bullshit on this . 
  i live in lithuania , latvia 's closest neighbor . 
  we had the same crisis , same problems and the same `` austerity '' that so many people love to bash . 
  true , wages in the public sector were cut a little , but the fall in the private sector was much worse . 
  while many private companies closed and fired all of their employes , few public sector jobs were closed . 
  public sector did not shrink , it only stopped growing for a while ( now it 's skyrocketing away from control like it did before ) . 
  taxes were increased ( they already are on par with those that are in denmark ) , regulations stiffened . 
  so fewer businesses had to work in less favorable conditions to keep the parasites of bureaucracy alive and happy . 
  the public sector was financed by debt in the hopes that the money would trickle down and increase consumption . 
  the small growth that we are having is due to the businesses that have held on despite all that , and to investors that despite all the risk still try to create useful services in a climate of idiotic regulation , and to the people that by one way or the other found means to pay their mortgages ( true a lot of them just went to work abroad and sent the money home in stead of defaulting ) . 
  the last thing i wish to point out is that the baltics were not a libertarian free market utopia after the fall of ussr . 
  most of the laws were straight away passed down from the former comunist codes . 
  the only difference is that services are private , not centraly planed ( and that still has a lot of exceptions ) , but the laws and the mentality of the rulers are the same . 
  so what we have here is a failure of spending your way to prosperity and over-regulation , not austerity and free market . 
  i 'm sorry but i enjoy that sad bit of sovereignty we still have , so no . 
  you are slowly becoming my favourite redditor on r/europe . 
  verry few active libertarians here , and good to see some change . 
  edit : i was talking about vityok . 
  traditional bullcrap , by the master of bullcrap himself . 
  the real message to the russian audience here is that europe serves the enemy , trust no one , but other russians and the good government that is in control . 
  traditional totalitarian rhetoric of who is us and who is them . 
  so spend money when you do n't have it , and skimp on it when you do ? 
  since when is that a good idea ? 
  deficit spending is only possible if you take the assets by taxation , inflation and debt ( which will only mean higher taxation and more austerity in the future ) . 
  all of these measures hurt the people on which any country depends for funding and growth with price rises ( inflation ) , less available income and higher unemployment ( taxation and debt ) . 
  i am assuming that the government does not have other responsibilities than redistribution and does not actively take part in the market , which thankfully it does not . 
  coming from the eastern europe , i am fully aware how well that works out . 
  how about just not spending beyond your means , restricting the money supply to curb inflation and price rises , and generally not messing up the market with unnecessary regulations and interventionist ( mostly monetary ) policies . 
  no surprise there . 
  what the netherlands should really be doing is encouraging other countries to relax their laws against light drugs . 
  drug tourism would definitely stop if people could get them legally and safely in other countries . 
  this law is a big step back . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  not necessarily ron paul . 
  it 's just a bit closer to a classical liberal position . 
  and lets face it the power of the government ant trans-governmental organisations in europe has grown exponentially in the last decades . 
  i think that scaling down on public debt financed spending , and reducing meddling in private affairs would be beneficial . 
  sadly common sense is not so common , especially in politics . 
  relevant . 
  sorry for the hate spiral that happened here , but it really was not clear that you do n't hold the same opinions you pointed out . 
  the fact , that people are still being thought things like that in schools only proves , that history is even more of a despicable science than economy - it 's always written by the winners , or by the most hard headed of people . 
  but also understand that it is really hard to feel secure and have friendly relationship with a country whose politicians and some people still think that your country should not exist and would be a great addition to the map . 
  i hope so too . 
  ok lets do this point by point : i 'm from lithuania so i will talk about my countries history with russia ( i do n't want to make mistakes about estonia and latvia ) 1 . 
  if by `` supporting the region for 300 years '' you mean the occupation of 1795 - 1914 , then you 're 170 years short of 300 . 
  and in those times no one was happy about it just as in soviet times ( illustrated by rebellions every 30 or so years : local ones in 1796 and 1905 and major uprisings in 1831 and 1863 ) . 
  `` the russian wealth '' ( these words them selves are an illustration of what an oxymoron is ) . 
  all of those `` investments '' were more than sufficiently compensated by looting and taxing . 
  not to talk about the lost potential ( the economic data of interbellum period in finland and the baltic countries is equal , afther the soviet occupation the gdp is about half that of finland ) . 
  that it is a vital trade zone is hardly an argument - we would love to have say ukraine or kaliningrad , they would definitely be good for trade , but we do n't make claims to those countries . 
  and our maps would also look nicer . 
  and if two of your neighbours fight and first one occupies your house , then the second kicks him out and stays for the next 45 years is he a liberator or just an occupying asshat ? 
  oh really ? 
  the unemployment in usa is higher than authors of the stimulus said it would be even if the plan would not have been passed . 
  http://economics21.org/blog/revisiting-unemployment-predictions gdp growth is a poor indicator of recovery since creating new money ( what all the stimulus packages do ) drives up the gdp , however it only reflects the amount of money being printed . 
  inflation is reflected in growing gdp , but it is never beneficial to consumers since it means that they can purchase less with a given amount of money . 
  yes some measures were taken here in lithuania too . 
  some even hold us as a poster child for effects of austerity ( http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/02/business/global/02austerity.html ) . 
  however public sector wages were cut only 10 % while in the private sector they have decreased by 20 % . 
  they also increased the age of retirement from 62.5 to 65 , but since the whole public pension system at the moment is a failing pyramid scheme that will not have much effect . 
  and in practice they have not really fired any public sector workers , only removed some empty and useless positions . 
  any positive effect these measures could have had were completely cancelled out by additional useless regulations targeted at small and medium businesses ( big companies can always find ways to avoid such regulations ) . 
  so in general our austerity measures are a joke and i have a suspicion that in most countries its pretty much the same if not worse . 
  hardly any real austerity has been implemented in eu countries . 
  most countries are continuing deficit spending , only at a slower rate . 
  and the spending is only returning to the pre-recession numbers since most countries tried to stimulate their economies by increasing public spending and debt . 
  so this can hardly be called austerity . 
  metaphorically speaking as you can hardly say that somebody is sobering up by switching from drinking tequila to drinking wine . 
  i really do n't mind people not spending important money on cigarettes , and buying them cheap in kaliningrad ( imo it 's sad it 's no longer called koenigsberg ) , but a lot of the smugglers money goes to the police/border guards , and ends up corrupting the people who are supposed to be models of honesty . 
  if the taxes on tobacco were not standardised across the eu ( they are still a bit lower than in most eu countries , but they are slowly being increased to standard eu levels ) we would be able to set them to a level which does n't give incentive for smuggler . 
  sadly at the current rate they create incentives for smuggling . 
  for example in russia a pack of cigs costs less than 0,5 euro , smuggled across the border its price rises to 1,5 euro , while in a store the price is close to 2,5-3 euro . 
  well sweden does n't seem to have russia/belarus/ukraine on the border now does it ? 
  the point is that when prices are three to four times less across a land border it is much easier and more profitable to run smuggling operations .
