  only one shitty mountain road . 
  while it is in the central valley as the rest of central georgia . 
  it has no economic connection with russia - most local ossetins still travel to georgian cities to sell their produce . 
  closing the border means that the people will lose all sources of income ( except for rf welfare ) . 
  i was in georgia this summer , and spent some time on the border of ossetia . 
  making it a part of rf will be a sentence to all the locals as they still are dependent on georgia . 
  but baltic fascists do not allow russians to use their own language , and opress them so bad ... 
  yeah , similar story here . 
  grandparents from both sides of the family supported the partisans after ww2 , and my grandma even won a free trip to siberia for it . 
  so i definitely do not want to be defenseless if a similar scenario happens . 
  and in general i like the idea behind the second amendment - being armed to keep the government in check . 
   ... but you guys think it 's a good thing ... well a lot of people in western europe do . 
  me and a lot of people i know - definitely not . 
  at the moment i 'm in the last stage of getting my firearms permit , and my next trip to the range will be this sunday . 
  sadly i have to limit myself to something like a 100 rounds per month , as 4500 would cost the equivalent of two months wages . 
  but in general people in western europe have had a very sheltered and secure life and have only seen firearms in movies or on cops . 
  so no surprise that people are irrational about that . 
  hopefully they will not make their paranoia a norm for the entire eu . 
  by the way do you live in poland , or in usa ? 
  something about your answer makes me think that you live outside of eu . 
  ( not saying it 's bad , just curious ) . 
  thermite ? 
  i think they have plenty . 
  all valid for air delivery . 
  in a conventional war that is nothing . 
  10 soldiers will typically carry that on themselves , and will burn through that in a single firefight - mostly for covering fire . 
  now that much rounds when used in a paris style attack would be horrible and would be enough to kill hundreds , as they would be firing at crowds of people that have no way to defend themselves , and most likely are not able to run away . 
  yup , this tactic worked out fine with chernobyl . 
  certainly comrades !, 
  lets party for the motherland !, 
  [ bring all the jailbait !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uprcnh51dqo ) [ cage all the fagets !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-f-jfwqmg6g ) [ and show me your hands !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-y3vzjvkb2m ), 
  if it does , th then they can go fuck themselves with a crusty baguette . 
  fuck if i know . 
  hopefully it will not come to the situation where we will have to look for traitors . 
  honestly , if they have no details ( who , when , what kind of stuf with names , dates and all ) andd have no plan what to do about it the special services should be silent . 
  imagine the poor nsa employees who are tasked with watching people on 4chan . 
  duh , just put some tinfoil on your webcam . 
  now is the time to offer prayers to poseidon . / joke, 
   works better than giving it to billionaires without any strings that is not free market economics . 
  free market is not taking and redistributing a significant part of countries resources . 
  welfare for billionaires is a sign of a very corrupt and completely illiberal economy . 
  if you want to see how free markets work , read up on pre 1997 hong kong . 
  honestly that is why i first read the few top coments . 
  then i know if the article is worth reading . 
  symmetric i master race . 
  sorry i do n't follow , care to expand on that idea ? 
  fuck that . 
  the day they will remove cash from the circulation is the day i start minting small nomination silver/gold coins specially tailored for black market use . 
  or who knows , maybe for once i 'll pay for something with the few bitcoins that i have in stead of just hoarding them like smaug . 
   so brainwashed , so naive - what a sad , sad people . 
  please keep your nationalistic prickwaving in your containment subreddit . 
  [ meanwhile listen to some calming music . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yy5zyx_bogi ), 
  honestly he will run back to russia whining that fascism is reborn in the baltics either way . 
  that is what he is payed for . 
  if he wont find anything he will just make it up . 
  i watched his video reports in the last few days . 
  in one video he was in a town on the border of latvia/estonia . 
  he was running around and asking people what are they thinking of russia , and if the said anything bad he immediately started shouting that they are brainwashed by western propaganda . 
  also even if people talk to him in english he still answers in horrible broken russian . 
  because you know baltics are not real countries just temporarily confused russians . 
  he has no trace of integrity , and i really wish bad things would happen to him . 
  it 's even featured in the movie zorba the greek . 
  not the most popular curse , it 's more used as a profanity in jokes but i just love `` kad tau e\u017eys keln\u0117se i\u0161dygt\u0173 ! '' . 
  may a hedgehog appear in your underpants !, 
  most likely guys from the northern side of your mountains . 
  communism has an amazing track record of bringing people out of poverty . 
  millions of poor people are replaced by millions of starved people . 
  also . 
  if more companies come to bangladesh to open sweatshops , the more people are needed in their factories . 
  demand for labor increases , and workers wages slowly follow . 
   but neither of us have any choice but to work for whatever money we can get paid . 
  you can : start a business , farm , live as a freegan , go to the military , panhandle , mooch on your relatives , sell drugs , prostitute yourself , live on welfare . 
  but those options seem unattractive to you so you choose to work for a wage . 
  but you have choice . 
  you are free to choose . 
  i assume that you do not live in the ussr or modern belarus , where unemployment is illegal . 
  so there is no one with a whip shoving you in to your cubicle or to an assembly line . 
  same for the bangladeshi worker . 
  most of them have a choice of being a subsistence farmer or working in some sweatshop , for two euros per day . 
  their options are much more limited than yours . 
  but they still can choose , and they choose the better option for themselves - working in the sweatshop . 
  and in a shifty place like rural bangladesh , that can be the best choice they have . 
   the need to eat forces me to contract out my labour . 
  no it does not . 
  it forces you to find ways to get food , as i said above you have many options . 
  and what do you know , all animals on earth have to struggle in some way to survive . 
  and they are firing on urban positions . 
  here is a [ grad bombing mariupol ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqn7xlfia_m ) . 
  yeah seriously . 
  if the firearms directive passes , i 'll start hating eu with a passion . 
  free trade and movement is awesome , a nanny state spanning the majority of the continent is just horrible . 
  lets do this step by step - you take belarus and kaliningrad first , then we will talk about wilno , ok ? 
  latin and ancient greek , you uncultured peasants ... 
  yeah , anywhere east of berlin russian is the most popular second language . 
  at least with people that are more than 30 years old . 
  but even in the caucasus the youngsters speak [ american ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rr8ljrgcjnm ) .
