  i assume that baga\u00e7o / aguardente is distilled in traditional pot stills , no ? 
  is it similar to grappa ? 
  it 's interesting that you can only call potato vodka , vodka , since potatoes were usually the secondary choice after grain . 
  also vodka was made from grain starting from 16th century , and potatoes only arrived in these lands as late as 18th century . 
  so historically potato vodka was not vodka . 
  but yeah people in general feel the need to get fucked up , and are eager to find cheapest and most available means to do it - be it grain , grapes , potatoes , or distilled chairs . 
  yeah only , the difference is that we have so many potato , we can afford to make vodka from it . 
  life is better in the south . 
  latvian jokes were awesome , but they got overused quickly . 
  on a side note , you can make vodka from any source of starch , even wood . 
  a wild whataboutism appeared . 
  it 's not very effective . 
  we 've seen plenty of it already . 
  kalabybi\u0161k\u0117s - cock-smithing-town ( or cock-hammering-town ) usualy used to imply you do n't know what kind of backwards village the person is from . 
  as in `` he must be from some kind of kalabybi\u0161k\u0117s '' . 
  balbieri\u0161kis - used to imply the deepest depths of lithuanian province . 
  it 's actually a small , insignificant town ( 15 km from my hometown ) only famous for having a now defunct distillery where they made potato vodka . 
  and thinking causes cancer . 
  let 's abolish both , for your safety . 
  blessed is the mind too small for doubt . 
  oh trust me war is not a thing i want in any way . 
  diplomatic solutions are always preferable , even a bad peace is much better than a justified war . 
  however i would not agree that russia has done nothing that would justify sanctions . 
  the invasion of crimea ( green men appearing even before the referendum ) is justifyable cause for stronger sanctions . 
  obligatory [ bagger 288 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azevfd4c6ow ) . 
  yeah it 's hard to find a fitting term for it . 
  if it will evolve in the direction it seems to be taking now , it should become a legit national guard organization . 
  numerous statements by former and present rulers of the countries , the way that they block all serious sanctions against russia during this crisis in ukraine , le penn openly admiring putin , f. hollande being a socialist ( mommy said , do n't trust commies ) numerous backdoor ties between rulers ( like gerhard schroder working for gazprom ) . 
  probably just the general vibe i am getting from the media . 
  it is finally being reformed to a serious military organization , not just a place for pensioners and children . 
  no , far from it i 've signed up only three weeks ago , first practical exercises i 'll have will be in the beginning of july . 
  where are you stationed ? 
  if you are in latvia or estonia remember that there are significant russian minorities , who could possibly see you as an occupying force . 
  my other guess is that it could be simple provincial narrow mindedness - racism ( if applies ) or the ever prevalent `` he looked at me/my gf/the wall in a wrong way '' . 
  also slight differences in culture apply - us northerners are not big fans of smiling , chatting with random strangers in general [ being cheerful ] ( http://imgur.com/z5ryv ) . 
  other than that i assure you that all sane people are happy to have nato and us troops here . 
  me especially - i 've just signed up for national guard , and it is good to know , that someone will have your back if things go south . 
  by chance maybe you participated in `` saber strike 2014 '' ? 
  i know it 's not a matter of loyalty , and i am perfectly fine with that . 
  while usa would fight for us for selfish reasons , france or germany would probably give us away in a heartbeat , if it would hurt them the slightest . 
  honestly our best hope is other eastern european countries , that face the same threat . 
  they also see that divided we would fall , while united we might have a chance . 
  yaeh that is how it usualy goes . 
  sorry for the downvotes . 
  just please do n't try to improve your neighbours life . 
  we are fine thanx . 
  as a person from the baltics , nope nope nope nope nope ... plz do n't leave us on the boarder with russia with nothing but the french and germans to defend us . 
  their loyalties are doubtfull at best . 
   lithuania is the brunette that looks up to her sisters but just is n't quite there yet . 
  you serious m8 ? 
  we are doing no worse [ you know ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/28gn5p/eurostat_2013_gdp_per_capita_in_pps_luxemburg/ ) . 
  standard gauge . 
  the point of this project was to integrate the baltic railways with the standard prevalent in most of the eu . 
  too bad they did not make the link high speed , but as far as i know , due to the quality of the rail across the boarder with poland the speed of the link will be much lower . 
  the train should go 130 km/h to the boarder with poland and then continue at 80 km/h . 
  hopefully it will travel both ways - forward and backwards . 
  it would not surprise me if our politicians would not be able to agree even on that . 
  which in itself is actually a problem . 
  the worst thing that could happen would be that if it would be the real deal , people would not recognize it a such and would just think that it is one of the regular non-threat cases . 
  in countries as big as ours it could all be over in about an hour , therefore such incursions should be taken seriously . 
  especially if they start doing it with bombers . 
  sometimes it feels that it is just another case of prick waving , that other dictatorships are so fond of . 
  i did not know that . 
  that is definitively good news . 
  not quite . 
  the people emigrating are usually young and able to work , the people staying - to old or to young to work . 
  they do not increase gdp , while emigrants , if they would stay here and work , would improve the statistics . 
  i think the situation is generally better than expected . 
  woohoo , our gdp is almost as good as greece and portugal !, 
  i think in some regards mandatory military service is a better option than conscription , but i 'm not sure is it better than a professional army . 
  our country had conscription right until 2008 and i , like most people i know , used to avoid it . 
  there were multiple exceptions - university students were exempt from service , people with some diseases or disabilities and the list goes on and on . 
  basically only people too stupid to get in to an university or too stupid to bribe a doctor went to the military . 
  i wanted to study because i value education , but it was not the case for a lot of people . 
  higher education proliferated and today there are plenty of diploma mills who churn out people with no marketable skills . 
  meanwhile the army became notorious as a place for all the misfits and losers of the society , further alienating anyone with basic intelligence from the army . 
  mandatory military service would be a better option since if everyone was going there would be no stigmatization and stratification . 
  also the average iq of the soldiers would be close to that of the society and it would be more of a civic institution . 
  of course there should be provisions for anyone wanting alternative service , they could do community work and other charitable things . 
  and of course a small country on the boarder with russia should have a a military with a big percentage of the population serving . 
  while generalizations like that are wrong , 80-90 % percent of the russian population support their government 's actions . 
  the government 's popularity is at an all time high . 
  most would like to see an invasion of ukraine ( a continuation of the current , incredibly popular policies ) and most ( i 'm guessing ) want the good old ussr back and a lot of people would like to see the baltic `` fascists '' wiped out . 
  until these things change , i think it is safe to say , that preserving human lives is not among the top priorities for a lot of people in russia . 
  good article . 
  hope shit like that never happens again . 
  see above . 
  i do n't know hoe much of a big deal it was , but they definitely are gathering information . 
  there were two cases of classical swine fever on the border with belarus , and local hunters were employed in eradicating boars in districts near the border . 
  so russia , to protect it 's domestic swine industry , stopped all pork imports from lithuania . 
  also they demanded a list of all the hunters in lithuania , so they could `` watch '' them if they demanded visas to russia . 
  i do n't know if the request was granted , but stories about it disappeared from the media rather quickly . 
  it was speculated that they were much more interested in knowing how many people were armed and could put up some resistance , since hunters ( the only armed people at the time ) were employed in protecting the most important buildings during the event in 1990 . 
  yeah , afther the shit started in ukraine i 've signed up for national guard . 
  80 percent of it 's members were killed or deported afther ww2 , since all o them were on the lists , but they formed the bulk of the partisan resistance afther the war . 
  a few weeks ago russian embasy has sent a request to the lithuanian government for the list of hunters . 
  it was speculated that the hunters were the last group of people capable of resistance that were not on equivqlent lists . 
  so i 'm in for fun times if there is another occupation . 
  i am disappointed that they did n't strap wings on to that . 
  what deal ?
