  but if you are cornered by a nut with an ak , you can shoot him in the gut . 
  combat is very different from terror attacks or simple crime . 
  you have 20-30 people around you , all of them are firing , yet you only see the two guys next to you , bullets are flying in your dirrection . 
  you do not know who is firing at you or where the shots are comming from they could be half a mile from you . 
  then your partner sees something , a muzzle flash , a mooving curtain somewhere and yells to shoot at it . 
  you are both deaf from the noise and in the end by means of gesturing you figure out that you have to shoot at something that moved 3 o clock from you in the 100-500 m range . 
  you are scared , lost , confused and the best thing you can do is empty your magazine at that something . 
  later it turns kut that it was the british that actualy saw the target and it was behind you 300 meters out in thick bushes . 
  edit : sorry for illiteracy . 
  written while shitting before work . 
  will fix on break . 
  most likely you have to get a paper from your family doctor stating that you are not and have not been in treatment for mental illnes and addiction . 
  also you have to pass a test on the legalities of owning a firearm and using justified deadly force ( when and how is it ok and when it 's not ) . 
  that is how it works here at least . 
  anyone with half of a brain , a hardware store nearby and an internet connection can make explosives . 
  not quality explosives l , but explosives still . 
  people like you are why i took up shooting as a sport . 
   as a communist ( not the stalin type , the rational kind ) :d :d :d :d :d, 
  any photos of the physical leaflets ? 
  i 'd love to know more . 
  lke how many of them were distributed , where , who delivered them ? 
  spread this graph to start a revolution . 
  the stupid one 's do . 
  i ca n't even begin to imagine how to unfuck our schools . 
  possibly it would be best to privatize/dismantle everything and start over . 
  decades of continuing the same shitty model have done their work . 
  mix it with coke . 
  it makes both ingredients drinkable . 
  the more cargo 200 comes back to russia , the better . 
  when the next tsar will take his place and denounce him for his corruption and greed . 
  and to fight that greed he will need all the power and blind loyalty of his countrymen . 
  yes . 
  also most of them live in europe and usa . 
  yes yes , most of all venezuela , north korea and belarus . 
  the whole world hopes to normalize it 's relationship with russia . 
  they just need to remember where their borders start and end first . 
  interesting fact - it all could come from the ancient greek word for something bad/evil \u03ba\u03b1\u03ba\u03cc\u03c2 . 
  if you want to build cheap and eco friendly look in to straw bale or cob construction . 
  i 'm building myself a timber frame/cob house that costs less than what the company is offering and if nothing bad ( fire/flood/structural collapse ) will happen it should last longer than i will . 
  the downside is that it is a very intense , hands on diy job , because if you pay others to do it it will cost probably more than regular construction . 
  the `` eco '' label tends to double the prices for anything . 
   baltic states were allies of germany , not hypothetical but absolutely real ones . 
  :d :d :d is that what they teach you ? 
  at what point were they allies ? 
  when ussr and nazi germany invaded poland hand in hand and then divided eastern europe acording to the molotov-ribentrop pact ? 
  then it would have been a triple nazi-commie-baltic allience . 
  somehow i never heard about that one . 
  or when your bffs backstabed you and occupied baltic countries in a maner of days , because the brave soviet soldiers ran like bitches ? 
  and who negotiated this allience ? 
  i suppose it was not the pre war government , which was mostly killed of , deported or exiled during the soviet occupation in 1940-41 . 
  i 'm not too hot on that too . 
  where did he say anything about crimea ? 
  i 'm quite inerested in his relationship with russia ? 
  hey , let 's increase the taxes on booze , cigarettes and soft drinks . 
  it 's basic economics - prices go up , demand goes down !, 
  hey let 's increse the price of labor - sure , i see no bad consequences !, 
  logical consistency is for loosers . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i dislike what he is doing with foreign policy , especially the part about backing out of nato . 
  but to be honest europe had a wake up call three years ago when shtf in ukraine . 
  and a lot of countries did nothing . 
  i really hope that trump is just saying that to ensure that europe maintains it 's comitments to nato and stops relying solely on usa . 
  in the baltics we have been increasing our military expenditures by a lot long before trump said anything . 
  hell even i signed up for volunteer forces in 2014 . 
  yeah but it would be nice if this turd flinging contest would stop ... 
  i like to judge politicians by their actions , but not by their rhetoric . 
  because they can drone on about human rights and fairness and at the same time order executions without trial . 
  others may talk tough all they want and do nothing . 
  trump is no exception . 
  he talks shit a lot , but it 's unclear if he will do anything of the sort . 
  ffs can yo at least wait for trump to get in power before calling him an autocrat ? 
  we know fuck all what his policies will be and what he will do . 
  he promised literally anything an everything in his campaign . 
  and i see no attempts to concentrate power in his hands and to suspend the democratic process . 
  populist - yes , autocrat - not yet . 
   try to give me at least one argument to invade them . 
  need for an external enemy to shift the focus of the population from the tragic mismanagement of one of the most resource rich countries in the world . 
  also there is no better way to keep an autocrat in power then to foster wars in the periphery . 
  are you for real ? 
  and by the way do you remember the soviet empire ? 
  we do . 
   you do n't stop a bull from the front . 
  you ca n't stop it by closing your eyes and repeating `` there is no bull , there is no bull , there is no bull ... '' either . 
  and da homosexual joos !, 
   anything is preferable to the cultural marxists and oligarchs currently in power . 
  well with russia you would get stalinist marxists and oligarchs . 
  much improvement . 
  such choice . 
  so free . 
  so wow . 
  or , you know , the world was a bit different back then . 
  ah talking with socialists ... if your not getting censored or shouted down , you get insulted . 
  love it . 
  i 'm currently enjoying [ a nice break ] ( http://imgur.com/a/gju4k ) from building a cob house , so i think i 'll pass on your request . 
  plus i 've had 6 years of pbilosophy in university , so i 've had enough of rambling french marxists for several lifetimes . 
  yes i do , thank you very much . 
  buy rice and wheat . 
  they last forever . 
  about 41 % of our income goes to taxes , which to my knowledge is close to what an average scandinavian pays , but the services ( schools , healthcare , military and so on ) are utter shit . 
  if the government is inefficient , giving it a lot of money will not solve any problems .
