  simple rule of thumb would say that the potential harm you are trying to prevent should be less than than the harm you can do while trying to prevent it . 
  and the stolen car part is purely hypothetical . 
  so getting his car 's license plate and arresting him afterwards would have been enough . 
  at worst he could be drunk/without a license . 
  that is clearly less dangerous than than four cars crashing in to each other and driving on pedestrian paths nearly missing people . 
  i wonder if the criminal was so dangerous and did he do something so horrible , as to call for car a chase along pedestrian and bicycle paths . 
  multiple people were nearly hit and killed by both the police cars and the suspect . 
  they have his car 's plates and video/photos of him . 
  would it not be simpler just to find out where he lives and raid the place ? 
  also simmilar to latin kakos in ancient greek is a adjective that means something evil , foul . 
  sorry for adding to the cacophony of words for shit in different languages . 
  nah that is for the professionals . 
  the video is filmed in 2014 , when there was no conscripts and their cammo is different from the one used by the volunteer forces , so that only leaves the professional forces . 
  although i do not know if their training will be different . 
  alternatively spray your outdoors clothing in permethrin once every couple months . 
  kills most of the creepy crawlers on contact . 
  just do n't huff it or spray it on yourself . 
  https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/explore/tree_map/hs/export/rus/all/show/2012/ 60 % russian exports are oil products ... 
  not unless you shoot some lion or abuse a cat or something . 
  but then again is it more the joy of joining a lynch mob , or the actual sympathy for the animal ? 
  meh , in the popular imagination modern britain is not associated with with prudes . 
  more so with overweight girls in miniskirts , in november , puking outside pubs in and screwing with random people in the back alleys . 
  then again i 've only been in manchester , so my opinion is biased . 
  hey we called it swordfighting !, 
  much less gay and childish . 
  it is more about the beer making traditions . 
  some countries have unique methodologies ( like belgium vs. czech vs. uk ) which can be worlds apart . 
  some just clone the german/czech model and are happy with their lagers and pilzners . 
  i think that the hipster microbreweries that have been a trend in the last years dont count . 
  they make all kind of beer , but they are pretty much in no way connected with the local traditions . 
  you can get the same type of artisan i.p.a made by simmilar bearded tatooed hipser jacking off about how unique his beer is in all corners of the world . 
  this year i 've been in georgia , belgium and amsterdam . 
  in all the four places the new trendy microbreweries were exactly the same , and had very simmilar stuff , even though they were all good . 
  tl ; dr international beer became better in the last years . 
  however only local beer counts if you want to make the top list . 
  as far as i know bybis ( dick ) is a purely lithuanian curseword and its quite popular . 
  it has so many wonderful derivations : bybiagalvis ( dickhead ) , bybin\u0117ti ( to dick about ) , u\u017ebybinti ( to piss someone off ) , byb\u012f d\u0117jau ( i dont give a fuck ) and so on and on . 
  nah , he has paranoid tendencies so that will not help ... 
  however the delay in plans is so so ungerman . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_operation_of_the_nkvd_%281937%e2%80%9338%29  it was ordered by the politburo against the so-called `` polish spies '' and customarily interpreted by the nkvd officials as relating to `` absolutely all poles '' . 
  it resulted in the sentencing of 139,835 people , and summary executions of 111,091 ethnic poles , as well as those accused of working for poland . 
   it is estimated that polish losses in the ukrainian ssr were about 30 % , while in the belorussian ssr ... the polish minority was almost completely annihilated . 
  definitely not ethnic cleansing . 
  i do n't even know how can a man that has spent ten hours a day for a month killing a single human being every 3 minutes be brought to justice ... 
  still it 's good knowing that he at least was not buried with state honors . 
  however if he died while uncle joe was still alive that would have been the case . 
  you 'd be surprised how much one dedicated man can do . 
  just look at good old [ vasily ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vasily_blokhin ) . 
  m-16 rate of fire tells a different story . 
  they literally want to turn it in to shit . 
  can not in to oecd , but can in to ocd . 
  a broken leg that healed not quite perfectly . 
  i have to be much less active than i used to ( max 30 km hikes , and no running ) . 
  i feel a bit like an old man because of that . 
  and there is still so many mountains i want to see . 
  buy only black , unornamented socks . 
  problem solved !, 
  you know it is a pretty close contest which ideology killed more people in eastern europe , nazism or comunism . 
  i personally see no problem with banning them both . 
  i served the king of england from czech republic . 
  ah those service sector feels ... 
  it is unclear at the moment . 
  the statues are being taken down for safety reasons ( they are rusted to hell ) , although there are no plans to restore them . 
  most likely they will end up in [ gr\u016btas park ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gr%c5%abtas_park ) . 
  more photos can be found [ here ] ( http://en.delfi.lt/lithuania/society/part-of-vilnius-green-bridge-statues-removed.d?id=68525392#!dgs=dgslt-190474:6116504 ) . 
  it is a fairly controversial topic and various public figures have been breaking spears about them for many years . 
  some view them as monuments to occupation , some say that we never had anything against the common soviet people , some simply have grown attached to them over the years . 
  however now somewhat iconic green bridge sculptures will finally be removed . 
  ah ok , that figures . 
  still ... beer and sausages ... and prague , and kafka ... 
  they are just jealous . 
  strange that there is so little love for czech republic . 
  i mean i cant think of a single bad thing about the country . 
  it has beer , good sights and tasty sausages . 
  big enough to be relevant , but not too big to cause trouble to anyone . 
  it 's like the netherlands of central europe . 
  or found a way to show what special snowflakes they are . 
  also lower taxes mean a much more competitive economy . 
  if that would happen with a bit of deregulation , greece could finally become somewhat attractive to investors . 
  look at the top twenty of the list http://www.doingbusiness.org/rankings does it not appear that freedom from regulation is somehow connected to progress in general ? 
  i 've flirted with socialist ideas for a while , but thankfully turned away from that pretty quickly . 
  mostly because i do value liberty and equality . 
  you miss the point . 
  maybe countries become authoritarian shitholes because they try to implement a form of social organization which advocates that the means of production , distribution , and exchange should be owned or regulated by the community as a whole ? 
  maybe that is the inevitable conclusion of this experiment if countries all over the world try to implement it and get the same result ? 
  hong kong from liberal reforms in the 1960 to 1997 reabsorbtion back to china . 
  as capitalist as it gets , fishing village to megapolis in a century . 
  switzerland . 
  fuckin estonia after the collapse of ussr . 
  to name a few . 
  take pretty much any country at the top of doing business index and you will see that capitalism , human progress and reduction of human misery goes hand in hand . 
  my ridiculously narrow definition of socialism will really work this time guys , whereas every other socialist state has failed and continues to fail for reasons completely not connected with the ideology itself . 
  you just have to try really really hard this time !, 
  yeah the comment probably looks snarky ... 
  i do n't think i 'll be coming to amsterdam in the near future , as i 've used up my `` civilized western country '' travel budget . 
  and anyways i 'm starting to pine for more exotic stuff , so i 'm leaving for georgia next sunday . 
  had just a day and a half in amsterdam so i definitely missed a lot . 
  i was not in the mood for more holocaust feels , the line was damn long and my parent 's house is just across the street from a small plot of woods where the local jewish population ( about 3000 people ) was shot and burred . 
  also i 've been to several other holocaust sights and know quite a bit of history about the events . 
  i think it was better to enjoy the sunny day and not dwell on the miserable parts of history .
