  it 's great that you have all your needs satisfied , but to some poorer people a cut in vat would offer a chance to buy something they needed for a long time . 
  also , those damned retired germans ... coming here as tourists , leaving their money and being polite and orderly ... 
  would you keep the money just to keep it ? 
  or would you save it for some bigger purchase - a car , renovating your apartment or travel expenses ? 
  money put in to saving is not lost from the economy , it just means that it will be spent later rather than now . 
  also if the savings are in banks they are loaned out to other people that need them . 
  there is nothing wrong with savings , unless you are an ardent keynesian and believe that breaking windows stimulates the economy . 
  well we do have the highest suicide rate in europe , so there is that . 
  also [ this comic strip ] ( http://imgur.com/z5ryv ) illustrates the stereotype quite well . 
  vilnius rush hours are like 6.30-9 am and 4-6 .30 pm , so getting up 15 mins earlier will not help much . 
  still i get your point , being an early bird really helps avoiding a lot of problems . 
  true . 
  during that time i 've never had to wear fancier clothes than business casual and a suit would be an impediment . 
  but in my book that is another argument against jobs that require you to wear a suit . 
  also being squished up as a sardine in a bus can also ruin your suit . 
  so is a song about peace and unity by a country that has started a war in europe . 
  lots of very patriotic immigrants in the `` decadent west '' . 
  just luke in / r/russia, 
  even our russians do n't like the russians . 
  nah , she ate the tuna . 
  they are like 6 % of the population . 
  i guess even our russians do n't like the russians . 
  ha ha ha 0 points to russia from lithuania . 
  suck it !, 
  sigh ... time to dig up grandpa 's kar98 ... 
  post in / r/lithuania before you do , it 's tad bit slow , but the people are very friendly . 
  psst ... !, 
  we also have good beer ... lots of it ... and it 's cheap ... 
  just imagine the confusion for the geographicaly impaired if the winners of an european song contest in austria were australians . 
  no , they are not . 
  we have our share of very beautiful girls and the average girl is pretty and cute , but 3 out of 10 are either hamplenets , have featal alcohol syndrome faces , or look like cheap tarts . 
  lets tone down the self promoting , especialy if it is not true . 
  yep each and everyone of us is involved in a great conspiracy to attract more gay people to lithuania and then moirderize them , because we are all homophobes . 
  seriously though that was not a part of the performance during the selection process and i was pleasantly surprised by that . 
  but the gay kiss of the backing vocals though . 
  clever attention whoring i 'd say . 
  a healthy person can walk 6 km in an hour . 
  i would not even bother with rush hour buses . 
  i used to walk 7 km to my lectures , because i could get there in 1 hour 10 mins , while the bus took fifty minutes or an hour . 
  better a good walk than some bums b.o. 
  in the bus . 
  sooooo ... 
  your suggestions ? 
  so glorious belarus takes over russia ? 
  there is nothing esthetic about russia gaining more land , swallowing three nations and creeping up on our borders , op . 
  id ' say that a wast , unpopulated wilderness just east of belarus and ukraine would be prettier . 
  que jokes about estonians being slow . 
  serving as stock photos in psychology magazines , illustrating articles about depression and suicide . 
  her trusty pod of landwhales . 
  somehow i imagine the british government starting a publicity campaign with some imperial guard slogans like `` blessed is the mind too small for doubt . '', 
  or `` an open mind is like a fortress with it 's gates unlocked '' . 
  they could even use the same style and fonts as the `` keep calm and carry on '' posters . 
  yep . 
  all weapons that can shoot projectiles more than with 2,5 joule of energy ( airsoft is under that so it is exempt ) fall in one of four categories which determine how they are regulated . 
  bows and crossbows under 20 kg fall in the least regulated category - anyone over 18 can buy them . 
  however bows and crossbows over 20 kg fall in the same , strictest , category as automatic weapons and are banned for civilian use . 
  and shooting any weapon that is regulated is prohibited everywhere except on shooting ranges . 
  however this is not enforced for airguns and bows . 
  stupid but not much you can do about it . 
  even that part would piss of a lot of / r/europe , as this place is very left leaning . 
  lower taxes and ease regulations ? 
  the replies would be something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rybni0kb1bg ) . 
  thanaks !, 
  i will definitely visit usa , there is just so much to see . 
  and will hit up / r/guns when i do . 
  too bad that i will not be able to do that in the next 5 years - i 'm just starting to build a house , so all cash will go towards that ... 
  and complementary bacon burger and supersize soda with every purchase !, 
  by killing yourself . 
  yeah , it 's better to drink after shooting . 
  beer cans make great targets though . 
  it 's not as bad here as in most other countries . 
  you have to pass a safety and basic law of self defense course that ends in a stupidly complicated test ( passed it two weeks ago ) , a medical exam , police background check and you have to have a safe installed which has to be checked by the inspector of the local pd . 
  than you can buy anything save full auto and .50 bmg cal weapons . 
  but you can only shoot them in ranges . 
  even air rifles and bow . 
  thank god no policeman is stupid enough to enforce that part . 
  and the nature ... yeah , man , i 'm jelly . 
  most places here are either overpopulated or expensive as hell . 
  i can do better . 
  countries should compete by lowering tax rates and easing regulations to attract more companies , corporations and investments . 
  i actually am jealous of lax gun laws in some states . 
  the paperwork here is just stupid ... 
  i just want to waltz in to local bubba 's gun store , get myself a rugger 10/22 , 500 rounds of .22 lr and spend the entire day drinking beer and shooting cans in the woods . 
  heaven . 
  hardly possible here . 
  also the nature . 
  man what would n't i give for readily accessible nature similar to colorado , montana , utah or northern california/oregon . 
  it was the same all over eastern europe in the nineties . 
  somehow we do quite well without dictators . 
  similar . 
  [ when lithuanian soldiers get bored ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=et7uvowt_1c ) . 
  well miles do exist in europe , we just do n't measure stuff with them . 
  come visit russia , before russian tourists visit you . 
  thundercock master race !, 
  i like both the words bybis and perkele . 
  rolls of the tongue so nicely . 
  also we have a wonderful word for being lazy and dicking about - bybineti . 
  tfw kazakhstan will become richer than russia . 
  borat would be proud . 
  actually it is quite well known and officially recognized that there were plenty of local collaborators .
