  pro-russian separatists , which are armed by russia , with weapons that are only available to the russian military , lead by russian educated and trained officers , and in most cases are russian citizens themselves , fighting to annex another peace of ukraine to russia ( like they successfully did in crimea ) . 
  very likely . 
  is it not reasonable to assign some blame to russia in this case ? 
  i 'm not suspecting them of malice ( i.e. 
  knowingly shooting down a passenger plane ) , i 'm just suspecting that they saw a blip on the radar that indicated that a plane is coming their way and fired away without bothering to find out what kind of plane is it . 
  but the fact that they had weapons capable of doing it , and the training to operate them is the fault of russia . 
  or revoke travel permits to eu for all russian citizens . 
  and watch the oligarchs squirm , as all of their children are studying abroad , plenty of their businesses are of shore too . 
  yeah it would be nice . 
  i kinda like this world - all the birds chirping and all the trees green and the people ( occasionally ) acting like people . 
  and even though i like fallout , i do n't want that experience irl . 
  next well hear about precision use of nukes and thermobaric weapons . 
  but why is it so god damn popular ? 
  they must be doing something right . 
  nothing significant i believe . 
  eurozone will just become bigger with the addition of a 50 bln . 
  dollar economy . 
  in international waters that will not matter much . 
  because like other small things we have to preserve our neotenic features to survive . 
  you know - no one kicks the cute puppy . 
  you might also enjoy [ this article ] ( http://alastairphilipwiper.com/blog/short-history-beer-lithuanian/ ) . 
  i think it would be hard to classify the beers . 
  a lot of them are interesting precisely because they are unique and non-traditional . 
  also regional specifications do not apply like they do in wine , since the taste is mostly a result of production and not of terroir . 
  since the small brewers are only coming out of the underground i think it is to early to start classifying them . 
  maybe when traditions start to form , and brewers refine their style and work on their consistency then it will be possible . 
  right now even different batches from the same brewer can taste differently . 
  so for a while now i think it will still be a hit or miss affair . 
  polish ?!, 
  you take that back you germanic servant pig-dog !, 
  we will smite you with the force of a thousand hussars !, 
  i 'm joking of course . 
  but seriously saying that lithuanians are polish can earn you a few black eyes if you are in bad company . 
  but yeah , latvia and lithuania are very similar when it comes down to rural culture . 
  was the wow part sarcasm ? 
   yeah they need to work on their marketing . 
  but in time it will get better as more tourists start to come , and people start realizing that there is a lot of money to be made from this . 
  euro is a floating currency , only it is administered on a trans national level . 
  the negative interest rate set by the ecb is a proof of that . 
  and about the peak oil . 
  are you referring to norway or the world in general ? 
  because if you believe the headlines we 've been hitting peek oil so often , it should become a punching bag . 
  kanapinis is actualy made with hemp seeds . 
  kanap\u0117 is lithuanian for cannabis . 
  we actually have several national dishes which have hemp seeds as a main ingredient . 
  even though growing hemp for seeds and fibers was illegal until last year . 
  never heard of the chicken penis part though . 
  english speaking people like to joke about the fact that a lot of word end in letter as . 
  especially the word '' \u0161itas '' ( this ) , which they say sounds as `` shit-ass '' . 
  cool . 
  another shared tradition . 
  yeah they are good and familiar . 
  carlsberg was the first beer that i started drinking , in the last years of highschool . 
  i gradualy progressed to more varied beers . 
  our local specialty is the so called [ farmhouse ales ] ( http://www.garshol.priv.no/blog/213.html ) . 
  some people like them , some do n't but sadly it 's hard to get them outside of lithuania . 
  so ... business idea ? 
  how much beer nationalism do the danish people have ? 
  do you mostly drink local beers , or like the international stuff ? 
  we have very good country beers , but unfortunately they do n't travel that well , as most of them are unpasteurized . 
  the international stuff like \u0160vyturys , on the other hand are not very interesting imho and would not have much of a market . 
  beer and pig ears - the right way to spend your litas . 
  hope you pushed it down with some fried bread with cheese . 
  it 's the good way to get a heart attack . 
  the only really interesting people are the pilots [ darius and gir\u0117nas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lituanica ) who attempted to fly from chicago to kaunas , lithuania in a time when transatlantic flights were still a rarity . 
  they crashed over germany 650 km from their destination after successfully flying 6400 km . 
  the others are poets , historians and linguists that helped recreate the modern lithuanian state in the end of 19 century . 
  nothing really significant internationally . 
  no reason for that . 
  prices did not increase in latvia or estonia when they adopted the euro few years ago . 
  litas was also pegged to the euro from early 2000s . 
  so prices have reached a similar level a long time ago . 
  i think only a form of goodbye . 
  there are no serious discussions about not adopting the euro anymore . 
  that and the peace of mind , that you will not be harassed by cops or scamed by shady dealers . 
  meaning that you will have to file a form if you want the entry to be in your passport . 
  knowing our love for bureaucracy i would say that about 7 out of 100 people would file for this form . 
  like three polish people , two russians , one patriotic lithuanian and one jedi/samogitian/ancient balt or other fruitcake . 
  the entry about nationality would be entirely voluntary , so i can hardly say that it is oppressive . 
  however if someone is polish or russian and they feel strongly about their nationality , they could add this in their passports . 
  no , it 's just `` they took our jerbs !, 
  `` kind of bullshit . 
  the minimum wage is low , because the productivity is low . 
  also since doing business is fairly hard in lithuania , competition for unskilled workers is low . 
  and keep in mind the 290 euro wage is before taxes . 
  employers pay between 37,5 and 41 % of the wage in taxes even for people making the minimum . 
  so a worker who makes 290 costs the employer something like 400 euro . 
  if the economy improves , the wage will go up , if not , no artificial raising of the minimum wage will help . 
  sad to see that soviet history is being white-washed . 
  nothing good will come from rehabilitating one of the worst regimes of the 20-th century . 
  it was meant to be against all the rulings of eu . 
  the organizers probably saw it as a first step of moving away from `` gayrope '' . 
  however if the referendum would have been successful , implementing the law would have been mandatory for the government . 
  so yeah we would be in trouble if it would have passed . 
  i 've only seen them in barcelona and rome . 
  good people rebelling against the absurdity of intellectual property and copyrights imho . 
  probably to raise awareness about the problems central banks cause . 
  fed became a poster child of keynesian policies and sometimes it is easier to talk about a well known institution abroad , and then compare it to what is happening in your country . 
  actually vodka should ideally be made from grain - especially rye . 
  however the distillation process that is used in making vodka ( column still distillation ) was specially developed to remove all unpleasant odors and tastes , and leave a neutral tasting spirit so it does not matter much from what it 's made .
