  why should n't i have the right to shoot someone if they intend to kill me or hurt my family . 
  why should i wait for the police if i know that they will be to late ? 
  actually there are plenty of such cases . 
  i do not have the time now to check all the sources and stuff , but even after a quick search i 've found some interesting cases : http://controversialtimes.com/issues/constitutional-rights/12-times-mass-shootings-were-stopped-by-good-guys-with-guns/ https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2015/10/03/do-civilians-with-guns-ever-stop-mass-shootings/?utm_term=.a69a7b142258 there is also a long read on a pro gun subreddit , that seems to show that there are plenty of such cases and shooters actively choose places that are gun free zones . 
  mentioning socialism in a negative light tends to attract a lot of downvoters . 
  both socialists and fascists are basicly `` give all power to me ! '', 
  parties . 
  and before anyone mentions liberal socialism , if you want to redistribute or nationalise the means of production , then you also want to control everything except for peoples underpants and toothbrushes ( private property that is not used in manifacture of goods ) . 
  well one is a national socialist , the other is a simple socialist . 
  just two controll freaks fighting for power . 
  ideologically they are not that far appart . 
  and the hate is similar to what you get in other ideologically close yet different groups - like catholics and protestants in the renaisance . 
  nope , no herring . 
  lots of shashlik though , and more beer than vodka in my social circles . 
  hey can we just all banish him in to lower orbit ? 
  you get the rockets , and we will pitch in for the fuel !, 
  well it is the future . 
  brussels is just above the curve . 
  so it will be a train wreck ? 
  dont act stupid . 
  noone in their right mind considers russians a different race . 
  it is the russian imperialistic culture that is the problem . 
  or maybe they are planing to pull a crimea on russia . 
  it is old turkish clay after all . 
   live fat and  leave a good lookin ' corpse are mutualy exlusive , mate . 
  stage 2 . 
  anger . 
  * desire to use n word intensifies . 
  man i just love the comments on any article that has anything to do with russia . 
  so much hate , bile , fingerprinting and whatabout usa . 
  it instantly turns to shit . 
  and in this case it is thanks to a 6 hour old account . 
  stage 1 . 
  denial . 
  the librarian only needs a pair of glasses ... now i wonder is their a sub for sexy librarians ... 
  beer . 
  nuf said . 
  huge variety and long beermaking traditions . 
  only belgium makes superior stuff in my opinion . 
  and maybe some hipster with their fancy ipa 's , but that is not a country specific thing . 
  so we have greasy , pig based food , good beer and beautiful women . 
  i have no idea why our culture is so depressing with all that . 
   nothing big happened that is a sign of a job well done by police . 
  for comparison , how much trouble , ridicule and hate would the mayor of london get for doing tweets in arabic on the official media account of london city council ? 
  the comments would be fully flooded with jokes about londonistan . 
  official accounts should follow rules set out for them . 
  he should be sporting a battle boner !, 
  i just read the content choose a brand i like and stick with it . 
  it does not take much time . 
  sugar and hfcs is cheap because eu and usa subsidises it heavily . 
  remove subsidies , and it will not be so cheap . 
  now eu wants to reward farmers for priducing sugary shit , and punish and regulate food producers who use it . 
  makes no sense . 
  also poor people should really not buy pre processed food , it 's much more expensive then cereals , meat and vegetables . 
  hmm , i guess it 's a county specific thing then . 
  in here every product ( that i buy at least ) has nutritional value info with a clear line for the carbodehydrate content , which is further broken down in to natural carbodehydrates and added sugar . 
  i assumed it was the same in the rest of eu . 
  read labels , dont buy shit with a fuckton of sugar . 
  done . 
  my retirement plan is basicly lots of books , wine , slow walks and local peasant food until i 'm able to enjoy it . 
  so that does not matter much . 
  if everything goes well i consider retiring somewhere in spain or greece in thirty years time . 
  you can easily buy a small house with a garden in spain for the price of a shitty apartment in vilnius . 
  unstable europe = trouble in the rest of the world . 
  nah , they do not give a fuck about their economy . 
  russians are hardy and stoic people and they can take a lot until they start to grumble . 
  it 's better that their govenment should know that agression has a severe price in lives . 
  yep , i fully agree . 
  well then the situation would be no different from now would n't it ? 
  nuking a country to occupy it makes no sense - who wants a radioactive wasteland , however that would deter any conventional attack . 
  also it is not guaranteed that all launch sites would be destroyed in the event of a first strike from the enemy . 
  as opposed to russia ? 
  well i suppose that their human rights situation is a bit better , however russia is a significantly bigger threat to the rest of the world than qatar . 
  their problems are mostly domestic , while russia is doing it 's best to fuck up the entire europe . 
  how about we get some nukes ? 
  just enough to destroy st. petersburg and moscow . 
  in the event of war our countries are fucked anyway , so if we are attacked we could take something like 20 mil . 
  russians down with us . 
  we would not have an incentive to use them first as it would lead to total destruction of our country , however in case of attack they would be ready for launch at a moments notice . 
  that would serve as a good deterant . 
  and uk should belong to the muslim sphere of influence . 
  drunks beating drunks to death or drunks beating old women to death for their money . 
  very unglamorous . 
  also if you would remove crimes committed by african americans in ghettos and other gang violence usa murder statistics would be similar to most of western europe . 
  violence in the usa is mostly a result of the failed war on drugs and general social problems . 
  in mexico the situation is even worse , while legal ownership of firearms is severely restricted . 
  ok so even with all this firepower and easy means of killing other people usa a lower murder rate has than my country . 
  so perhaps the problem is not because of firearms . 
  no i think that it would stay pretty much the same . 
  would violence and murder commited without the use of firearms be better ? 
  because we have orders of magnitude less guns than usa , but twice as many murders . 
  i have no idea why people keep bringing up gun violence , as if it is any worse than violence in general . 
   ban them all ... noone need a weapon , others than cops because in european history police have never used violence against an unarmed civilian population . 
  nope , police and the governments have always been saintly and have never abused their power . 
  half of the society does , half of the society pushes against it . 
  it is a very divisive issue in usa . 
  they do not care . 
  any chance to make stricter laws will not be passed by . 
  yes , let 's ban all things that are less safe than teddy bears and make everyone wear helmets at all time . 
  ... and even less vowels !,
