  while in christianity it is directly written in the bible that the heavenly kingdom and kingdoms of man are separate things . 
  the christ had no pretense of being a political ruler . 
  while muhammad was both a political ruler and a prophet . 
  so while one faith has a strong drive towards secularism that can be ignored , the other faith has a strong drive towards theocracy that can also be ignored . 
  exceptions exist ( christian theocracies and secular muslim countries ) but generally the tendency remains . 
  yep . 
  i honestly would not mind ottoman empire 2.0 . 
  maybe iran could bring back the persian empire as well , to keep a nice sunni/shia balance . 
  hey if i went online , read a shitload of anarchist literature , called the cops and said i intend to bring down the state and let people live free in a glorious ancap world , then blown up the local parliament , would it not be reasonable to assume that i am an anarchist ? 
  even if i was working alone ? 
  subscribing to an ideology and acting according to the ideology is enough to be considered a part of the group driven by that ideology . 
  even if you do not have a circle of affiliates . 
  the ideology is the cancer . 
  turkey was one for a long time , now it is going back a bit . 
  ottoman empire before that was also fairly moderate . 
  generally muslim countries were fairly sensible before the 20-th century . 
  heck beirut was considered as something of a las vegas of the mediterranean . 
  yep . 
  secularism is possible in christian countries . 
  but it is not mandatory . 
  interesting to note that in poland homosexuality was never considered a crime . 
  so the criminalization of it is not a necessary implication of a catholic state . 
  it 's just an abrahimic religion thing . 
  however fervent christians are n't running around throwing gays off buildings and stoning adulterers . 
  a christian that takes his religion literally should obey the ten commandments and the golden rule . 
  the old testament that has all the kill gays and adulterers stuff is meant to be interpreted in the spirit of the new testament ( in the catholic tradition at least , baptists can be cray-cray ) . 
  and there is the moderating influence of the church . 
  you commited a sin ? 
  god will give you a stern talking to in the afterlife . 
  the church and the state are separate after all ( render on to caesar sort of stuff ) . 
  a muslim that takes his religion literally has no problems with killing apostates and gays , chopping off limbs from thieves and so on . 
  and in the case of the sunnis there is no central authority to have a moderating influence . 
  and religion and the state are inseparable . 
  you can use a funnel or an enema . 
  i did not even see him ... just shows that this years pride was so big . 
  heresy !, 
  portugal gave the world port wine !, 
  best winter booze all around . 
  they are always ready to send buckets of sunshine our way . 
  hey in my opinion there was a severe lack of tuc tuc tuc type music . 
  less politics , more dancing and partying !, 
  from now in stead of `` fuck off '' i 'll just say `` buckets of instant sunshine to you !, 
  if we join up it will be commonpoor , not commonwealth . 
  honestly it was a shitty comment and i do n't agree with that position . 
  i like russian culture and art . 
  and i have no problem recognizing it 's achievements . 
  the society has big problems , but the culture is really interesting . 
  and btw i could admit that we do not have big achievements or culture that would be interesting to anyone outside our borders . 
  we are a small country , that was significantly behind most of europe until the late 19-th century . 
  so we really have not that much to show for . 
  it is a great book . 
  i love russian literature - dostoevsky and bulgakov being favorites . 
  umm they were talking about latvia ... we have no claims to meldonium . 
  so , ww3 will not be fought with memes ? 
  when prejudices get confirmed over and over and over again , you tend to get cynical . 
  and i definitely hate it that people from my country or my neighbors bring up problems with russia in almost every thread , but at a certain point you just have to accept that some countries culture has problematic aspects . 
  for lithuania it is alcohol , coldness and suicide , for russia it is violence and aggression . 
  multiple idiots have been conspiring to ruin the reputation of the nation for at least a century now ... 
  dude . . just no . 
  also please add ticks to the bye-bye list . 
  in northern climates mosquitoes are annoying but relatively harmless . 
  while ticks carry a whole bunch of debilitating and deadly diseases like tickbourne encephalitis , lyme disease and many more . 
  sience the life out of those fuckers please . 
  i think they just mixed the numbers for killed and injured . 
  it is listed among masterpieces of the oral and intangible heritage of humanity by unesco . 
  it might not be that important commercially as it is almost never sold abroad , but it definitely one of the most recognizable traditional crafts we have . 
  both blend christian symbolism with some remnants of pagan nature worship . 
  in a lot of the crosses you can see a sun and moon motive with the sun being above the moon . 
  it mirrors the traditional overworld/underworld cosmology with the sun representing mortal life , and the moon representing death and the underworld ( there was no `` heaven '' in baltic pagan mythology ) . 
  no , but shooting at people trying to kill other people is a good idea . 
  the police officers had full rights to use deadly force . 
  throwing firebombs at people is trying to kill and/or seriously injure them . 
  deadly force can be used to defend your own or other peoples lives . 
  two police officers would not be overwhelmed if the simply pulled their guns and fired . 
  and black block tactics would be much less appealing if they did that . 
  traitor of my own class ? 
  that is rich . 
  no i 'm just doubting that they are being underpaid . 
  if i want a bigger wage , i go to my boss , and ask him for more . 
  i he does not want to pay i find a company that does . 
  if you are actually useful , and have some marketable skills you have no problems getting payed a fair wage . 
  now if you are useless and have nothing to offer your employer the only thing you can do is go on strike and effectively threaten people for money , while hurting innocent people . 
  you know that having garbage rotting in the streets is not healthy to others right ? 
  and what about people who can not get to their work , because some idiots are blocking the roads ? 
  what about all the damage it causes to other companies ? 
  how can they pay their employers more if they have no money ? 
  the idiots striking are causing real damage and making people suffer , and people like you are enabling them . 
  sorry , but no , this is not 19-th century coal miners we are talking about . 
  these are people in a country where minimum wage is higher than the average wage in my country . 
  and i doubt that any of the striking people are making a minimum wage . 
  well the center is cool , but just remember that all around it you would see [ glorious soviet apartment blocks ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=soviet+architecture&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewivspzemjtnahxdfiwkhtwoatkq_auibygb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=943#tbm=isch&amp;q=soviet+apartment+block ) . 
  also the architecture in tbilisi is amazing . 
  most interesting city i ever saw . 
  go to georgia if you have n't . 
  czech republic !, 
  beer , lots of history , slutty girls , guns , simple but hearty food , and good access to countries with lots of mountains . 
  failing that , i 'd want to be born in georgia , tbilisi or svaneti preferably . 
  i think i just have a thing for little doses of anarchy , which can hardly be found in western europe . 
  georgia i can understand , but why russia ? 
  i have no problem with either .
