  every freedom loving person is a bit murican at heart . 
  actually i 've never seen guns outside of gun ranges and military exercises as well . 
  and we have a murder rate twice as high as usa . 
  but criminals and terrorists do not usually have problems getting those . 
  it was different in the nineties - criminal situation was much worse and there were homicides almost every day in the capital . 
  hell one of my friends from a bad neighborhood has seen several firefights as a child . 
  what changed most is the general economic situation improved and crime went down significantly . 
  however if situation deteriorate , i 'd definitely want to be armed because the crooks will definitely be . 
  i 'll also be moving to the countryside in a year from now , and with the police being 30 minutes away , i 've already started working on my license . 
  [ but , muh wage gap !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjwbxbgvyqu ), 
  yep . 
  the market finds a way . 
  if people want wepons , they will get them , even if you make plastic knives illegal . 
  scotland could be an option , afaik it has much lower population density . 
  but the `` growing food '' part could be hard there . 
  i wonder what would be the price for an old crapy house deep in the highlands , or better yet one of the isllands ? 
  better yet , just move to the countryside , buy a house ( and they are cheap , like a years rent in the capital cheap ) and learn to garden . 
  no matter how bad the situation is , people always need food . 
  and you 'll have a place where you can live , no debt and hopefully some skills to make yourself useful . 
  thats my plan at least , seeing that being in debt for the rest of my life is unappealing , and career prospects are questionable . 
  we actually have this one folk song about hanging communist ( or rather bolsheviks ) ... 
  i like to sing it with my friends when we go on a hike . 
  oh man , have you read `` candide : or , optimism '' ? 
  voltaire can certainly be a cock . 
  voltaire ( i think ) put it best : the world shal be free when the last king shall be hanged with a rope made of the guts of the last priest . 
   a young person is an investment for society and when they die it 's a financial loss for everyone else . 
  how i hate this goddamn argument . 
  it makes it seem like everything can be measured in money and financial loss is a bigger problem then the loss of human life . 
  ffs they are trying to prevent people getting killed . 
  that is reason enough . 
  the angry 8 year old of international politics . 
  yes , yes it 's always da joos . 
  in what way is it semi aggresive ? 
  i mean it 's nato weapons in nato birders . 
  so no biggie right ? 
  posibly . 
  i just went to lithuanian wiki article and switched ower to english . 
  god some people can not understand jokes . 
  i meant that it is much less safe then most modern reactors . 
  no choice , closing ignalina npp was one of preconditions of joining eu . 
  it is the famous chernobyl model powerplant with all the safety features ( none ) . 
  biofuel and gas is actually used in most powerplants , some also use oil based fuels like mazut and few that i know of use coal . 
   this was not done for political repression , but only because stalin wanted to exploit more ressources and millions of people where deported . 
  yay slavery !, 
  itt one bunch of vatniks saying that we are paranoid and do not need a military while anothe bunch of vatniks is going all `` lol our tanks will crush you '' . 
  not anymore actually . 
  this year it is 1.48 % , next year it should approach 2 % . 
  now the question is if the money is being spent wisely ... 
  yeah yeah . 
  here is what mr. pupu said about ukraine and crimea [ in 2008 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uomukddilcs ) . 
  the man is an aggressive cunt and most of his country is behind him . 
  and it is very wise to be prepared to kill the cunts if they make it across the border . 
  yep , criminals have guns . 
  and the normal people have to show id to buy plastic knives . 
  i hate basketball . 
  i consume under 5kg of potatoes a year . 
  i only use vodka for making herbal tinctures . 
  have n't drunk it since highschool . 
  i like wine and i am fairly knowledgeble about it . 
  i generaly do not care that lithuaniai was very very big in the 15 century , do n't mind the polish influence and the commonwealth . 
  history is interesting , but i do not feel any pride from it - not my achievments , so what is there to be proud of ? 
  i like weapons , want to see drugs and prostitution legalized and , i do not trust the government , all i want from it is to be left alone . 
  i am not patriotic . 
  the first three points alone would probably get me hanged in a rural party . 
  no i do n't actually . 
  simply here there are too many people going to study things like philology only to end up working in some other entry level office job whose only starting requirement is ms office skills . 
  and if you ask why they entered university , the only answer is `` because everybody did '' . 
  and in most cases the people gain nothing from the time spent studying . 
  for example , my gf 's sister spent 6 years studying automotive engineering . 
  she does not drive , has never actually worked on a car and has no interest in it . 
  she spent the entire 6 years memorizing parts of car brake systems from books that were produced in the time of ussr , hated everything about her studies and wants nothing to do with her specialty . 
  she got in that specialty only because the entry requirements were low , and her exam scores were low . 
  and there are thousands of similar cases . 
  universities here are often filled with underqualified and underpayed teachers , subjects are often nothing more than `` more of the useless stuff you did in school '' or `` i wrote this book once , so memorize it , and you will have to rewrite a paragraph from it during the exam '' . 
  we have something like 22 universities . 
  we could easily make do with 5 . 
  yep . 
  while the percentages might be impressive in some countries , the quality of education varies a lot . 
  even though i studied in the highest rated university in the country , half of the lectures were nothing more than a waste of time . 
  the situation in some other universities here is much worse . 
  so quantity aint quality . 
  honestly half the people in universities would be much better of with vocational training . 
  the policy is actually meant to increase domestic russian anal porn production and export . 
  you know these jokes are a bit old by now . 
  lithuania : new labor code was finally passed in the parliament . 
  fairly controversial topic as labor unions and leftists were protesting this move quite strongly and even the president rejected it while saying that it does not offer enough protection for the employees and tilts the labor code in to the favor of the employer . 
  however the move was necessary as the labor code has generally not been fully reviewed since ussr and a lot of international agencies mention the complicated and archaic labor code as the biggest obstacle to investment . 
  it just hit me that any thread that has anything to do with millitary in europe dagrades in to the same shouting match between pro russian and anti russia teams . 
  literaly the same arguments from 2014 . 
  then i remembered the song zombie by the cranberries . 
  then i got a bit creative/depressed . 
  it 's the same old theme , since 2014 , in comments , in comments they 're still fighting . 
  whatabout , sourceless doubt kgb , fsb , olgino street in comments , in comments they are shouting . 
  in your head , in your head , vatnik , vatnik , vatnik-i-i-k what 's in your head ? 
  in your head vatnik , vatnik , vatni-i-i-k , oh , oh , oh , oh oh , oh , oh , ay-oh , yah yah ow ... 
  it would be about time to look over self defense laws in most of europe . 
  if you are attacked by a gang and you have to protect your family , your fists alone will not be enough . 
  especially if the police is to faraway . 
  my parents coworkers son hanged himself , because his girlfriend left him .
