   gun homicide that is as stupid a measure as is possible . 
  of course people will use the best tool they have if they are going to kill someone . 
  and from my perspective i do n't give a fuck what tool my murderer would use to kill me . 
  i do n't want to get killed at all . 
  so only total murder rate is relevant . 
  in fact a bullet to the head is much more preferable to a beating to death , or being shanked with a rusty knife by some chav . 
  yes . 
  have you ever gone shooting ? 
  it 's fun as fuck , especially with steel targets . 
  and swinging swords around like a maniac is incredibly dangerous . 
  you can brain yourself or chip some bones with a blunt steel sword very easily . 
  and sharp swords ( hell even knives ) are out of the question . 
  sadly illegal here . 
  going to the range sucks ( probably just shitty ranges , and not enough time to go to the one i like ) , i 'd love to be just be able to go outside somewhere with a proper backstop and unload a bunch of .22 in to cans . 
   gun homicide oh the horror . 
  homicides with knives , fists , axes , blunt weapons or fucking cars are much better and less scary . 
  nah , too little socialism and jeremy corbyn worship . 
  there is one in most countries . 
  read a lecture in the local american school once . 
  i talked about 3d printers that can make most stuff from plastic , and one kid asked me if it can make plastic explosives . 
  headphones . 
  also the virtuous hunter appreciates the hunt more then the catch . 
  it would be so nietzschean to go hunting without expecting to actually shoot anything . 
  i feel a sudden urge to get a blackpowder rifle , dress in 19-th century clothing , and go hunting while listening to wagner . 
  but pretty ... 
  i 'm a bit confused ? 
  what is this map actualy showing ? 
  most popular herb in certain country ? 
  or is it just a pretty map and that 's it . 
   tuvinians themselves asked the russian emperor to annex them, 
  sorry but some people have lives outside of reddit . 
  who says that either of them was pro free market ? 
  usa redistributes something like 40 % of their gdp . 
  that is very far from a free market state . 
  usa politics usualy jump around the center - center left divide . 
  very few pople support true liberalisation and deregulation . 
  economic policies of democrats and repoblicans are practicly identical , mostly they argue about social issues . 
  even trump is blatantly pro interventionism , regulation and highly restrictive foreighn trade . 
  that is not `` free market '' . 
  you could say the same abou germany in the 30-ies . 
  lots of people would be nostalgic , and young people are definately thought to hate it . 
  but the truth is not in the middle . 
  it was shit . 
  objectively so . 
  just because some old , uneducated bootlickers feel nostalgic about the times when they were young and had working tastebuds and functioning genitalia , dos n't mean that the times were good . 
  lyndon johnson 's great society and war on poverty was socialism light . 
  the result ? 
  the current shitshow you see in american ghetos , and a stagnating poverty rate . 
  do n't know realy , but i suspect so . 
  my parents were children of `` enemies of the people '' so they would not have had accsess to that anyway . 
  please define he `` our country '' part because half the population were kept in it against their will . 
  so i suspect that they would not call it theirs . 
  but the stores were completely empty . 
  people survived by buying stuff on the black market , urban farming ( like chickens in your back yard , pig in your basement ) or growing stuff at their relatives in the countryside . 
  the system was completely unable to provide food , but the black market provided most necessities . 
  except there was no food , and you could be sent o jail or the madhouse for not worshiping the rulers hard enough . 
  it sounds like i would fit right in . 
  mostly by not talking to people and wandering aimlessly on the hills . 
  i 'd never thunk that there would be so many people living in the yellow parts . 
  well pistols are intended for self defence . 
  and in our country you are more likely to encounter an agreesive nut with a knife than a bear . 
  self defence is more important than target shooting . 
  pistols are for self defense mostly . 
  you need an identical license for all types of firearm , but if you want a rifle you need to joi a club in addition to getting a license . 
  carry license is the same as gun license - if you can buy it you can carry it . 
  and you can store it with a loaded loaded , just the chamber has to be empty on semi autos . 
  you pull it out , rack the slide and rocknroll . 
  on revolvers it does not matter thay can be loaded , just hammer must not be cocked . 
  ghettos and drug lords ignore gun laws . 
  look at mexico - the most a civilian can own according to law is a shotgun . 
  yet you have armed gangs shooting each other up in the streets with heavy machineguns . 
  tighter gun laws would not solve that . 
  that isex actly the procedure here . 
  med check , police background check , courses , exam , install a safe , and you get your license . 
  then you can get a pistol or a shotgun . 
  join a sports club and you can get a rifled long gun ( full auto excluded ) . 
  i 's a hassle , but it 's worth it . 
  and real world examples of that would be ? 
  dont quote usa . 
  if you remove gheto shooting between drug runners you get a murder rate simillar to belgium . 
  and my country has a murder rate 2 times higher than usa while having 1/70 of the guns per capita . 
  you know there is another way of looking at the surrogate alcohol problem . 
  most companies use methanol or ethanol laced with poison to avoid taxes imposed in drinkable alcohol . 
  bums buy it because it is tax free and therefore cheaper . 
  if not for the stupid taxes on ethanol ( or lack of similar taxation for methanol ) these people would be alive . 
   intelligible estonian ya wish . 
  blah blah blah . 
  if you want someone dead , you do it in the most effective way possible . 
  rounding up jews would be much harder if they would be armed , same goes for the kulaks in ukraine or anyone in general under a totalitarian government . 
  an armed population is very hard to oppress . 
  and we have a loooong history of totalitarianism in europe . 
  an awesome weapon system . 
  however it has one weakness - stairs . 
  well it ` snot like they can run away or fight back using mma . 
  nope i was saying that combat is very different from a terror attack and why friendly fire is much more likely for soldiers . 
  now who gave you that stupid idea ? 
  you run , hide , fight . 
  in that order . 
  if you are carrying , chances are it is something underpowered , small , low capasity . 
  you wo n't be going all rambo with a five shot snubbie revolver .
