  then we are all set . 
  still , it gives the impression that eu overrides national sovereignty and tries to order countries around . 
  not a good impression to leave on a country that is thinking about quitting . 
  the countries that are receiving eu funds are the poorest and have fairly high unemployment and significant social problems . 
  therefore they have a lot of good reasons to not want more people who are not contributing much to the society . 
  nope , plenty of older russians living here do n't bother to learn . 
  even the polish folks mostly speak russian or a mongrel mix of russian/polish . 
  occasional older tourists from the entire eastern europe do n't speak english . 
  or the rare rich new russian speaks only russian on principle . 
  have n't had a single job where english and russian were not necessary and i 've done customer service , project managing in non profit organizations , web marketing and cinema . 
  if you deal with customers in your work you have to be good in english and at least mediocre in russian . 
  french and german are useful too . 
  i 've started learning french a year ago and i 'm close to 30 years old now . 
  even entry level jobs , favorite among students like call centers and cafes need good foreign language skills . 
  english is especially useful if you want to learn new things and advance , since pretty much everything useful on the internet is in english and most companies deal with foreigners in some way . 
  with your grammar and fluent english i 'm not surprised at all that no one is willing to pay you more than the minimum . 
  the means of meme production belong to the proletariat !, 
  the private ownership of means of production is taxed , controlled , regulated , redistributed and licensed . 
  how it is done is decided by democratic means . 
  so the proletariat ( the majority ) has a big say in controlling the means of production . 
   as if slaves defend their owners yeah the same could be said about socialists/comunists . 
  it is a very watered down version of socialism . 
  like sweedish beer . 
  have you read l. von mises , m. rothbard and f. a. hayek ? 
  a shitty system that has horribly failed everywhere it was tried ? 
   there is no need for redistribution under communism because there is no private property and the means of production are collectively owned . 
  there is no need to take stuff from people and give it to others , because we have already taken all of the stuff from people and given it to others !, 
  yes , all those attempts to create socialism have failed and have turned to disasters , therefore none of theme were socialist . 
  so real socialism has never been tried !, 
  commies get out !, 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  i love the hitch . 
  4/10 with rice . 
  quite boring . 
  would not recommend . 
  he was born in salzburg which was a semi independent part of the holy roman empire . 
  so he was sort of neither german nor austrian . 
  there is a wiki page dedicated to this controversy . 
  i dont know a lot about bethoven 's biography . 
  does it apply as well ? 
  do people call him austrian ? 
  senpai has noticed us !, 
  weeaboo master race confirmed !, 
  kawai party mode engage !, 
  i 've heard a joke once , `` the smartest thing that austria has ever done was convincing the world that hitler was german , and mozart austrian '', 
  you should write poetry . 
  yep , they have been pushing their paternalistic policies for a long time . 
  i do n't mind uk loosing power ower eu . 
  there are similarities and they are not superficial . 
  both fascism and socialism consider the state to supperior to the individual , and all individual rights are derived from the state . 
  liberal societies consider individual rights inalienable and typicaly base them in natural law . 
  also fascist countries typicaly nationalise various important industries and have extensive welfare and public works programs . 
  even the class strugle theory has been perverted in to the racial war theory in nazi germany . 
  so national socialism ? 
  b-b-b-britiania r-r-ul-les the waves ... 
  sad to see the country that has given the magna carta to the world go all nanny/police state . 
  but it has been coming a long time . 
  uk has been pushing towards total control of it 's citizens , and with stuff like suggested eu wide semi-auto ban , the control of other europeans as well . 
  maybe that is the point . 
  not allowing the pipes to bypass ukraine so that both sides have a serious investment in peace and stability , and both have a lot to lose if war continues . 
  who knew that the russians have a boner for strong man nationalist politicians , that promise to make their country great again . 
  they are against borders and states in general , and they are also against welfare . 
  and that is the critical part . 
  if imigrants can survive in a place only by working and contributing to the economy , they are not a big problem . 
  when imigrants come to a european welfare state and get benefits , free housing , and get even more money for the children they have , there is little need to integrate . 
  but when you have to greet every kuffar with a smile and offer extra fries with his baconator burger or little ali and aisha will have nothing to eat , avoiding integration is much harder . 
  that is why usa traditionaly has never had a problem absorbing large amounts of imigrants . 
  nah , i think it 's ukrainian nazis , angry that they can not genocide the local tartars anymore , now that russia has an ... liberated crimea . 
   greatest point fingers and laugh , kids . 
  heart attack more likely . 
  also while a lot of people may be scientifically obese ( bmi  30 ) , morbid obesity is very rare . 
  i have not seen a single mobility scooter here , and the american sized landwhales are either extinct or never leave their home . 
  yeah , but you are still getting a horny from a hairy male ass , and proceed to put your cock in it and fuck it until until you cum . 
  it 's not gay if you are the pitcher !, 
  ( strangely that is the logic among the prison population . ), 
  and people laugh when someone says that putting health warnings on cigarettes is a slippery slope to labeling other products as healthy or unhealthy . 
  you are seriously suggesting putting similar warnings on yogurt , and applying simmilar taxes . 
  nope . 
  they are low fat , but not low calorie . 
  but there is no lie - the information about the content , nutritional value etc. 
  is right there on the label . 
  if you want a healthy alternative , buy plain yogurt . 
  that is what i always do . 
  you can not blame manufacturers for misinformed consumers . 
  and also what if the official position of the government regulators for a long time has been to encourage companies to make low fat products , and encourage people to use them ? 
  and companies obliged that demand . 
  are they evil for obeying the recommendations of regulators ? 
  nope , it 's people looking for easy answers . 
  and it can not go simpler than `` fat makes you fat '' . 
  `` the free market '' ( hard to use this term without irony in eu , when the laws that regulate product labeling are about 1200 pages long in my country ) would be selling tasteless horse oat bars if that would be what people want buy . 
  no one simply cares , they just fill the existing demand . 
  but no , people want to buy sugary `` low fat '' yogurts , combo meals at their favorite joint and whipped cream wet dream coffee . 
  if you want fresh , good products for meals you cook at home , fresh green vegetables and fruits from around the world , now is the best time in history to get them . 
  thanks to the free market . 
  yeah it 's one of those referendums that had a 99.9 % of voters voting for joining russia . 
  sorry but it stinks of bullshit . 
   how is it different from referendums for independance in ex-ssrs ? 
  afaik un recognized the right of soviet republics to secede allong their current borders not separate regions of the republics . 
  so while latvia can leave , magadan can not . 
  south ossetia has no geographical connection with russia .
