  but i do not . 
  and here i am , a member of the national guard , with equipment i bought with my own money , with a weapon that has cost me the equivalent of two months wages , that i bought specificly to defend my country if it ever was nescessary ( and it 's not that unlikely in this part of europe ) . 
  now i 'll have the luxury of reloading every 10 shots and will probably have to give in the magazines , that have cost me an additional half a months wage . 
  and depending on further steps that will follow , i might have the luxury of having to fight a war with a pistol . 
  well there are plenty of reasons why far left should also not be allowed anywhere near power ... 
  horseshoe theory and all that . 
  yes i 'm just a stupid east euro who can only have some predetermined opinion and is unfamiliar with the concept of wikipedia . 
  you need some grammar lessons . 
  tax those who have something , give it to those who do not , restrict business , nationalize things that you imagine that are important , borrow and waste it on grand projects . 
  that is my understanding of socialism . 
  and where did i even mention stalinism ? 
  you just pulled it out of your posterior . 
  what next ? 
  you 'll start calling me a bunch of words ending with - ist ? 
  also the site it is posted on describes itself as the : `` leading voice of the american left , offering socialist perspectives on politics , economics , and culture '' . 
  let 's give socialism one more try !, 
  i 'm sure it will work this time !, 
  because fn is islamophobic and islam is haram-o-philick ? 
  [ citation needed . ], 
  yeah , college anarchists , trigender pirofox-kin , and tumblr feminists would make laughably bad soldiers in a civil war . 
  and moderate democrats would probably just not bother . 
  this election in usa would have been a very hard call for me if i would be a voter . 
  i do not like clinton for multiple reasons , mostly just for being another faceless insider and generally giving of a vibe of sociopathy . 
  while as a classic liberal i do not like trump for his economic interventionism . 
  so i 'm really happy i did not have to choose . 
  on the other hand , living in europe and being pro-freedom and pro-guns is also a shitty and rather hopeless situation . 
  well if someone tries to kill me , i wo n't make it easy for him . 
  that is a lot of shit to get through to get a license . 
  here long guns are much more restricted than pistols . 
  while for a pistol i need a medical check , background check , safety exam and to install a safe at home . 
  thepoint is to be able to defend yourself and others when that is the best option you have . 
  and as you see from recent events restrictions on a lot of things do nothing to prevent attacks . 
  you do n't live in usa ? 
  or do you live in a very restrictive state ? 
  yes i do . 
  i 'm not suggesting that everyone should be armed . 
  just that it should be legal to be armed and use the weapon defensively if you are trained to do so . 
   ` do n't let there be easy access to weapons which insane people can exploit ' well then we have to restrict and controll cars , knives , fertilizer and so on . 
  this is basicly imposible to do . 
  yeah civilians can get a carry license if they have a clean background . 
  i do n't carry every day , but i work as a bartender , so my work day ends at 3-4 in the morning when there is a lot of drunk stupid people around . 
  also i 'm building a house in the countryside , so i spend a lot of nights in a plywood shack . 
  so having some options of self defense is quite usefull . 
  well i have a broken leg . 
  i 'm not much of a runner and never will be . 
  also :  people who have guns often use those guns in mass shootings the word often certainly does not fit here . 
  the vast majority of firearm owners never use them for anything illegal . 
  i 'd even dare to say that 99.9 % of firirearms that are bought legaly never do anything other than make holes in paper , or are used in hunting . 
  most of firearms used in mass shootings are are acquired illegaly anyway . 
  most countries do , just that laws are more or less restrictive depending on where you live . 
  buy you can get a firearm in every country in the eu . 
  types of firearms , carrying them and using them defensively may be restricted , but you can own a firearm even in the uk . 
  yeah they are horrible and sudden , but even then you improve your odds by a lot if you are not unarmed . 
  even in that case it is better to be armed than unarmed . 
  well , i would pull my gun out and shoot . 
  certainly beats trying to take on a knife wielding maniac with you bare hands . 
  hopefully that option will remain legal in the future . 
  excellent link . 
  what is most revealing , is the great increase in public spending since 2006 . 
  it created the bubble , which popped in 2009 . 
  and even more revealing is the fact , that public spending has not even fallen back to the 2006 levels . 
  i have no idea why is this downvoted . 
  one of the few good points in this post . 
  i hope that a war between russia and china would break up for the recources in siberia and both countries would be utterly decimated in it . 
  russians are not european . 
  european culture and politics are based on negotiation and compromise , russian culture and politics is based on intimidation , threats and force . 
  russians have two modes of thinking - they are either the agressive , bullying top dog , or the low servile cur . 
  nothing in between . 
  most of the bad character problems ( agression , beurocracy , corruption ) we have in eastern europe is because of russian influence . 
  genderqueer people are just attention whores . 
  as long as the consent is mutual , fuck what you want , be with whom you like . 
  just stop explaining to everyone how non-binary and/or confused you are , and that i should be to . 
  britain is doomed as a nation in the next few generations . 
  the old generation is excelent and inteligent , but the british youth are just lazy , talentless , stupid and entitled drunks/whores . 
  most of the imigrants to uk from the middle east are just bigoted , backward , welfare queens , that have never done an honest days work . 
  having a welfare state should be a mark of shame . 
  it ' means that in your country people are reduced to the status of panhandlers , and like children are incapable of taking care of themselves . 
  non istitutionalisd racism is a non issue . 
  hate and love who you want ( that is called freedom i believe ) . 
  hire and fire who you like . 
  call anyone by the names you like , but be ready to face the consequences ( getting punched in the face for insulting someone for example ) . 
  problems with racism start when it is put in to law ( i.e. 
  black people must ride at the back of the bus , if they do n't - cops . ) . 
  self defence should be an universal right - if someone tries to use foce on me or my family and friends i should be permited to and justified if i end the agressors life with any tools or means i have . 
  no it is supposed to represent the sun , the land and the blood spilled protecting it . 
  oh ... our is the good old fashioned blood and guts . 
  we had a lot of that together for a long time . 
  but poppies are nice . 
  better not , or we would have a lot more of that thing that red represents in both of our flags . 
  i am going green from envy . 
  it 's more than 10 euro this side of the border . 
  for 20 euro in vilnius , lithuania : you can hire me for a day ( i make almost exactly this much in a work day ) . 
  7 beers in a club , 10 good beers in a good pub , 15 beers in a caffe , 28 beers in a shop , 35 beers in a wrong-side-of-the-tracks wattering hole . 
  ( club and caffe beers would be the worst ) . 
  3 bottles of ok wine . 
  a good ( but not too fancy ) diner , dessert and coffe for two . 
  you could pay 1 week of heating bills in winter or 4 days of rent in a one room apartament . 
  internet + tv for a mont. 
  13,5 l. of gassoline . 
  three good books .
