  if you 're advocating for a word to be used you tend to try to use it as much as possible . 
  racism in society , what racism is , what can be done about it , etc. 
  lots of scandals recently - dressing up as gingerbread men being considered racist in one school , tintin being moved in a library for being considered racist , certain clips that were deemed racist being removed from the annual disney program shown on tv during christmas , rap in broken swedish in the lucia ( st. lucy 's day ) celebration on tv . 
  lots of scandals involving members of the sweden democrats ( sd ) who are a populist anti-immigration party . 
  videos have surfaced of them saying racist things or being generally stupid . 
  basically there 's a hell of a lot of debate about racism , ethnicity , culture , political correctness , etc. 
  it 's the most tiring shit ever but i guess it needs to be talked about . 
  wrong . 
  that 's what the group against hen argue . 
  the real reason for it is for situations where a person 's gender is unknown . 
  so instead of saying or writing han/hon or `` the person '' you just write hen . 
  i honestly do n't see why people can be against this word . 
  if you do n't like it - do n't use it . 
  got all but 2 - the south american ones . 
  i knew about the spanish exclave in morocco which is why i got that . 
  i do not keep track of french overseas departments though ( presumably ? ), 
  he 's a product of the french system and therefore should pay back into it . 
  people are free to move around as they wish of course but if you 're deliberately doing it to avoid taxes i ca n't say i 'm a big fan . 
  i love j.k. rowling 's thoughts on this :  i chose to remain a domiciled taxpayer for a couple of reasons . 
  the main one was that i wanted my children to grow up where i grew up , to have proper roots in a culture as old and magnificent as britain 's ; to be citizens , with everything that implies , of a real country , not free-floating ex-pats , living in the limbo of some tax haven and associating only with the children of similarly greedy tax exiles . 
   a second reason , however , was that i am indebted to the british welfare state ; the very one that mr cameron would like to replace with charity handouts . 
  when my life hit rock bottom , that safety net , threadbare though it had become under john major 's government , was there to break the fall . 
  i can not help feeling , therefore , that it would have been contemptible to scarper for the west indies at the first sniff of a seven-figure royalty cheque . 
  this , if you like , is my notion of patriotism . 
   you know what would get you a lot closer to getting rid of `` barbaric '' halal slaughter ? 
  ( which , by the way , is a small part of `` halal . '' ), 
  it 's already illegal in sweden . 
  muslim and jewish groups have joined together quite recently to campaign against it . 
  it 's also been proposed that we ban ritual male circumcision too ( most doctors already refuse to perform it for non-medical reasons ) . 
  said groups again got upset and see it as an attack against them and their religion . 
  and that 's the problem in a nutshell . 
  mainstream swedish society sees such laws as protecting the rights of animals and children ( which trump the right to religion since the right to religion only pertains to the individual ) . 
  there is no compromise to this view on either side . 
  so , again , although i agree with you in general i do have to point out that much of this `` attacking '' is simply a result of different value systems . 
  there 's no `` attacking '' involved but it can easily be perceived as such . 
  this is also the time to point out that many muslims are fine with the ban on traditional halal slaughter and will accept an animal being stunned before killing it . 
  the circumcision thing is more controversial though . 
   compliment halal food since i find halal slaughter to be a barbaric custom that wo n't be happening any time soon . 
  otherwise i agree with you . 
  although i 'm not sure how much talking about arabic arts and history has to do with any muslim in sweden ... that 's a bit of a generalisation there . 
  moving somewhere else temporarily is n't uprooting . 
  that 's just being an expat . 
   of course work can be a push/pull factor in moving somewhere else permanently but it 's not as common as you 'd think it is . 
  [ here 's a graphic which shows the migration between the nordic countries in 2009 . 
  ] ( http://www.nordregio.se/en/maps--graphs/01-population-and-demography/migration-between-the-nordic-countries-2009/ ) unsurprisingly the immigration between denmark and ( primarily ) southern sweden is huge . 
  there 's also significant migration between denmark and norway . 
   as opposed to a lot of other immigrants who will eventually leave , i imagine swedes will stay and have a family as the cultures are essentially identical . 
  not sure why you 'd assume that . 
  cultural similarity is not enough reason for people to uproot - there usually needs to be a stronger push/pull factor involved . 
  from the article :  it 's no surprise that they move to norway for a few months , or even a few years , live cheaply , and return to sweden like vikings returning from a season of pillaging . 
  indeed , it 's been estimated that 90 percent of migrant swedes return to their homeland within five years . 
  it 's very popular in sweden for young people to move to norway for a few years to make a lot of money and get work experience at the same time ( since youth unemployment is high in sweden and you need work experience to get employed ) . 
  my cousin did this for a few years . 
  that what ends up happening most of the time ( after a trial ) . 
  problem with having a blanket ban on asylum for a nationality is that there are always exceptions . 
  the usa is one of the best countries in the world to live in and has good relations with the rest of the west - yet americans have in some cases been granted asylum in other western countries ( mostly for cases of military dissertation ) . 
  it 's not a black-and-white issue . 
  these roma asylum seekers in canada are n't actually granted asylum most of the time , you realise . 
  that 's not why they 're a drain on the system - it 's because of the cost of trials and their welfare checks before the trials . 
  i 'd say there should be a rule in canada that eu-nationals seeking asylum should n't qualify for welfare . 
  of course then we get into the territory of discrimination based on background but something 's got to give if we want to make the asylum system more efficient . 
  i 'd support sweden installing such a rule too since we also get a hell of a lot of eu nationals seeking asylum . 
  since there 's free movement within the eu and no need for visa 's asking such people to pay for their stay does n't seem like too much to ask . 
  if they actually are genuine asylum seekers they 'd find a way to make it . 
  now , obviously most asylum seekers in sweden are from outside of the eu but then it becomes more difficult to weed out the fakers early on . 
  i personally know people who 've had to sell all their belongings and paid 100,000 's of crowns to be smuggled into the eu ( and then sweden ) . 
  i 'm not opposed to the idea of such people getting some financial help whilst they wait for their asylum claims to be processed . 
  i do get the idea behind this . 
  but the system overall needs to become so much more efficient . 
  is canada still banning free travel from romania because of this ? 
  the last i heard they were demanding visa 's for romanian citizens due to a huge increase in asylum applications by roma people . 
  i remember it was a huge controversy and the eu proposed requiring visa 's from all canadians visiting the eu in return ... 
  anyway , there 's no simple solution to this issue . 
  obviously most are economic migrants rather than actual refugees . 
  though roma people undoubtedly face a lot of prejudice that 's not grounds for asylum unless we 're talking state-mandated oppression which i 'd hope does not occur in any eu country . 
  thing is that these type of fake asylum requests are quite common around the world . 
  canada must not be used to it being a more isolated country . 
  sweden gets heaps of asylum seekers from the most random countries ( russia , azerbaijan , etc , not to mention the fake asylum seekers from countries where there actually is some conflict [ the middle east , primarily ] ) and yes - they are a drain to the system . 
  problem is of course that the international law claiming every asylum seeker has the right to a trial exists for a reason . 
  you ca n't always say people do n't qualify for asylum due to their ethnicity or nationality - amongst every group there could be people who genuinely need asylum . 
  so although the earlier canadian proposal of freezing all romanian nationals out because of this makes * economic * sense i really would n't say it 's the right thing to do . 
  the question of how to make the asylum system faster and more efficient is an age-old one but i think it 's such an important one . 
  we need better ways of weeding out the actual asylum seekers from the fake ones . 
  not sure how this qualifies as news . 
  unless the uk had completely put a halt on immigration of course the foreign-born population was going to rise . 
  the rest of the nordic countries are our brothers . 
  we feel least close to icelanders because of lack of contact but i still feel people recognise how similar we are anyway . 
  as for which country we feel closer to that depends on where you are in sweden . 
  being from eastern sweden that would be finland followed closely by norway for me . 
  the further south you go the stronger the affinity gets towards denmark . 
  i just prefer to call us all brothers . 
  south-eastern europe = ?? 
  yeah , it 's really frustrating . 
  at least some attention has been put on the rich arab states not accepting refugees . 
  on paper it might look like they do but like i said they only house refugee camps run by international agencies - there 's no future for people there . 
  so i 'm glad the media is calling them out on this . 
  but really the focus should be on the un and all other countries in the world - if all ( stable ) countries in the world accepted a share of people from refugee camps it really would not be such a huge issue or strain on different countries . 
  as it is now the eu is having to handle an unfair share of refugees no matter which way you go about it . 
  a really frustrating situation all around . 
  theoretically if there was a limit - what would you do with the rest ?
