  all this does in practice is aid policework by giving a name to go with a fingerprint . 
  i have a hard time seeing how this can be abused * in a way which was n't already possible . 
  * with the easy travel available today there 's no legitimate reason why police cooperation between different countries should n't increase as well . 
  or do you have a problem with interpol or europol too ? 
  they 're essentially middle-men with a complicated bureaucracy which actually heightens the probability of corruption or abuse . 
  as hierarchies often do . 
  to me a flatter organizational structure of cooperation makes more sense . 
  and ? 
  that 's the result of globalization . 
  cross-border police work is in general extremely messy as it is now . 
  agreements like this are a good thing since it will make the process more efficient . 
  i think people are mixing up two different issues here . 
  you can be against the idea of fingerprinting in itself ( which is a valid viewpoint ) but if that information is already stored why would n't you use it to the best of your ability ? 
  people likely to abuse this system would do so whether or not it 's legal . 
  in fact i 'd argue more transparency in regards to this is a good thing . 
  it 's interesting that people are more supportive of homosexuality being legal than they are with it being `` moral '' or `` natural . '', 
  which i think is nice . 
  it 's of course better that people are as accepting of homosexuality as they are here in general - but it 's also nice to know that plenty of those who find it `` immoral '' still support it being legal . 
  this is also true ( although to a lesser degree ) with the gay marriage results . 
  nice show of respect for personal freedom really ... 
  it 's an easy mistake to make as it sounds very similar to danish for foreigners . 
  but that 's exactly how it * is * similar to danish - pronunciation . 
  a guttural kind of speaking which swallows vowels and can be quite difficult to understand if you 're not familiar with it . 
  it is swedish , though , even though quite a bit of the slang and dialect words are similar to danish ones . 
  it 's why danes themselves have a hard time understanding southern swedish whilst having an easier time understanding northern dialects . 
  it 's also why danes have a harder time understanding dialects within their own country ( which is often joked about ) - if you 're not familiar with a specific dialect that happens to be guttural and which swallows vowels you 're going to have a hard time understanding it . 
  quite logical when you think about it . 
  finnish is not an official national language in sweden as swedish is in finland . 
  both sweden and finland have many national * minority * languages as do many countries . 
  but when you make a language a * national * language you give it equal status to other national languages , in this case finnish . 
  governments with `` minority '' languages given national-language status like this often occurs more in theory/on paper , than in practice . 
  which is what i think toxirine was applauding since it 's rare to see governments follow through on such `` promises . '', 
  as for sweden we could make a number of languages national languages . 
  finnish is one - sami is another . 
  neither will happen though because such a thing is a huge commitment and a bureaucratic mess . 
  whether you 're against finnish language laws or not you 've got to give the finns credit for sticking to their guns at least . 
   and in hetalia the complex relationship between sweden and finland is all too funny !, 
  i especially enjoy sweden being gay and in love with finland ( and finland being uncomfortable about it ) . 
  [ i feel this is a good portrayal of our relationship . 
  ] ( http://www.finlandforthought.net/wp-content/uploads/2006/02/sweden_finland_olympics_hoc.jpg ), 
  as has been stated the author is n't finnish . 
  and this `` resentment '' you speak of is a spill-over from the finnish language debate as has been mentioned . 
  swedish-speakers in finland get tied to sweden from time to time ( for obvious reasons ) but for the most part people make a distinction between the two groups . 
  it 's simply a vocal minority who does otherwise and tries to drag sweden into the debate . 
  most swedes find finnish language laws quite weird really , but it 's at the end of the day an internal finnish issue . 
  as for finnish nationalism that 's another issue altogether . 
  it 's not like swedish-speakers are absent from the rise of nationalism in finland . 
  if you 're using the party platform of the true finns to assume otherwise you should n't . 
  most finns disagree with compulsory swedish in schools ( including a lot of swedish speakers ) - that party point has less to do with nationalism and more to do with the true finns being a populist party and therefore trying to vie for popular opinion votes . 
  nationality = / = ethnicity . 
  there is no kurdish nationality for example , only a kurdish ethnicity . 
   unblemished record that 's a strawman . 
  no one 's arguing it 's never happened ever . 
  one person 's experience at any one point in time would dispute that . 
  but these rioters claimed ( as they always do ) that these actions are widespread and basically a cultural norm within the police but i 've yet to see any evidence of that . 
  you have a point . 
  i 'm just thinking of what matters in similar cases when it comes to child molestation . 
  but there i 'm showing my own bias since i see animals as children . 
  which fits my point , really . 
  individual opinion should have no impact when it comes to this . 
  granted it 's a hard line to draw but someone has to draw the line between what qualifies as abuse and what does n't - the point is that scientists are the people most qualified to do this ( even though they ca n't be perfect ) and not the random `` moralists '' in society . 
  afghanistan is a un-sanctioned mission . 
  the global peace index is about a country 's efforts in creating both global and internal peace - not an index of not getting involved in conflicts ever . 
  the vast majority of nations believe a foreign presence in afghanistan is necessary for peace . 
  sweden for example scored well in internal peace but was brought down by `` the volume of exports of major conventional weapons per head of population and , to a lesser extent , nuclear and heavy weapons capabilities . '', 
  our presence in afghanistan is really neither here nor there . 
  there 's been a proposal and i hope it does n't go through . 
  i like that cases of bestiality are tried under animal abuse laws . 
  that they want to put a blanket ban on it because it 's `` morally wrong '' is something i have a problem with because that 's a matter of opinion . 
  rather such matters should be dealt with scientifically - bestiality is a problem because animals can not consent to sex ( most of the time , anyway ) . 
  that 's why having sex with animals is problematic - not because `` god is against it '' or because `` i do n't like it '' as is implied by this new law proposal . 
  there 's quite the macho-culture in finland which is definitely the product of recent history . 
  it 's a stereotype there that swedish men are effeminate . 
  this is based on different things - widespread metrosexuality , sing-songy language , emphasis on feelings/sympathy/compromise when dealing with conflicts whilst finns are much more blunt in their problem solving . 
  all these things are of course generalizations but they 're stereotypes most people in both countries are aware of . 
  like you say in sweden finns are seen as more harsh and uncompromising than swedes ( `` manly men with vodka , sauna and an ax '' ) . 
  it 's similar to the relationship between , say , scots and englishmen ( finns being the scots and swedes being the englishmen if that was n't clear ) . 
  scots will often make similar jokes about englishmen for similar reasons ( and in a similar historical context ) . 
  also , `` with citizenship comes responsibilities '' and all that . 
  he 's definitely not marrying her because she 's royalty . 
  i just think it 's a way to keep distance there . 
  if he were a member of the royal family there would be things expected of him - he 'd be expected to represent sweden abroad for example . 
  i think it 's fair enough to say `` i 'm not cut out for that - i just want to marry this woman '' which is why no one really has a problem with it . 
  madeleine is not the crown princess and can marry pretty much anyone she wishes . 
  she 's always been the least traditional of the royal family either way . 
  they met in new york . 
  she moved there after her boyfriend who she had been dating for years cheated on her . 
  it was a huge scandal . 
  and they 'll be moving back there , yes . 
  to get a swedish royal rank you need to be a swedish citizen which chris did n't want for whatever reason . 
  he 's already a dual ( american-british ) citizen . 
  * kevin borg * kevin borg * kevin borg * has english as an official language * maltese is closely related to arabic but uses latin writing * popular tourist destination * parts of game of thrones is filmed there * has round 100k more people than iceland , so around 450k ? 
  * there 's a maltese eu guy who wants to ban snus !!!! 111 !, 
  that 's about it ... , 
  heh , this will be a fun one ... 
  when i think about it what i know about turkey seems to be mostly political ... 
  but here we go ... * something something armenian genocide * they do n't recognise cyprus * they have a bad history of dealing with their kurdish minority although this is improving now * founder of the modern turkish nation is ataturk who wanted a secular and modern society * turkish tv shows and films are extremely popular in the arab world - a lot of arab tourists go to turkey as a result . 
  especially those from very conservative gulf countries who love turkey because it 's modern but still culturally similar * there were talks about turkey having an open border with syria as a way to cement relations with the arab world . 
  this was during talks about alternatives to the eu * tarkan is a sexy beast * one of the best eurovision nations ( i nearly always like their entries ) - they refused to participate this year though because they did n't like some of the rule changes * istanbul is home to the hagia sophia - a very well-known old church that was converted into a mosque and later museum * the ottoman empire was spread through most of the balkans and large parts of central europe * coffee was introduced to europe through turkey * one of the few majority-muslim countries which bans the use of headscarves in official public arenas * one of the biggest tourist destinations in the world ( top 10 i believe , and that 's not even per capita ) * the swedish king karl xii lived for many years in exile in turkey during the 18th century, 
  i 'm of course familiar with estonia in how it pertains to sweden historically .
