  we managed to turn them against you . 
  europeans having more kids would not lead to a `` constant growth of the population . '', 
  it would lead to the population remaining exactly the same since most european countries have birth rates far below replacement levels . 
  as it is now the population in these countries is going to shrink . 
  the more short-term issue is that with so many older people and so few younger people of working age there is going to be huge problems to economically support the elderly . 
  my favourites are hungary , norway and the uk . 
  i 'd assume most universities do . 
  i know swedish universities do . 
  the only real difference is that there 's less options when it comes to beginner 's courses in the spring because most beginners will start university in the autumn . 
  the most popular courses ( which is quite a lot , really ) take place all year around though . 
  i 'm nearly certain it 's the same in other countries so if things do n't work out now applying for spring term next year is a definite option . 
  best of luck !, 
  definitely , and in a negative way . 
  all the big powers in the world have foreign policy issues ( and with pressuring other governments ) but russia at least stayed militarily within their own borders . 
  now they 're at ** least ** as bad as the usa who they seem to think themselves as morally superior to . 
  in actuality i think they 're much worse than the usa . 
  you can compare the invasion of ukraine to the invasion of iraq even though in the latter there actually was oppression and murder being carried out by the government . 
  in comparison to the removal of russian as an official language in crimea that russia saw as `` oppression '' . 
  yet even with all the bullshit going on with sadam 's regime most countries in the world still denounced the invasion of iraq . 
  bush even ended up admitting it was a mistake and obama won the election partially by opposing himself to the iraq invasion . 
  the day the russian government will get any kind of credibility back is when someone shows some remorse for this and admits it was wrong . 
  whether it 's putin ( ahaha ) or someone else elected in his place . 
  we 'd still be aligned with a country basically at war all the time . 
  which is not geopolitically smart . 
  the usa 's dominance in nato is definitely a big problem which is why i 'm personally hoping for a eu military in the future since i can see sweden and finland joining that . 
  wonder how many takes it took to get this right though and for him to memorise all these facts . 
  the nordic model is not the same thing as the swedish model though . 
  in sweden `` the nordic model '' is more of a political term since it 's a generalisation of the social models in all the nordic countries in an international perspective . 
  the swedish model is the term you 'll hear when talking about swedish socio-economic history . 
  given that that 's an extremely common sight in swedish cities i do n't see what the problem is . 
  the point of these photo albums is supposed to be to show day-to-day snapshots of the people actually living in these countries . 
  yeah , i 'll have to wait on this one to believe it . 
  would be nice to have an eu military force though . 
  the local is a paper written by expats for expats . 
  not familiar enough with high german to say . 
  but swedes can understand some german - random words and phrases that are similar to swedish . 
  same with icelandic - some words or even phrases can be understood but for the most part it 's gibberish . 
  scandinavians can certainly not hold conversations with an icelander in our native languages . 
  it 's not en ethnic / `` racial '' term as such . 
  scandinavia is cultural term . 
  of course , so is the nordics and the nordics are very culturally similar . 
  so perhaps you could really clarify scandinavia as a linguistic cultural term . 
  because in scandinavia everyone speaks languages that are mutually intelligible and technically dialects of the same language . 
  finnish and icelandic are not mutually intelligible with `` scandinavian . '', 
   who gets to say what my nationality is apparently russia . 
  swedes have the same joke about norway . 
  it 's in the universal declaration of human rights which is the foundation for international law :  [ article 14 ] ( http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/index.shtml#a14 ) ( 1 ) everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution . 
  ( 2 ) this right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non-political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the united nations . 
  given that all ( ? ), 
  countries within the eu have ratified this you ca n't simply go against it . 
  there are very few nations in the world who do n't allow asylum-seekers , even amongst the very poorest of nations . 
  going against this law would not be a politically very smart move . 
  countries that do not want immigration tend to make the asylum process stricter instead so few of these people are actually granted asylum . 
  that 's the loophole . 
  you ca n't simply turn people away at the door though without breaking international law which can lead to all types of issues . 
  which is why sweden wants this to become a standardised eu policy ... 
  most refugees are n't `` accepted '' - they simply arrive . 
  and international law states that anyone has the right to asylum if they choose to seek it . 
  so what happens is that a lot of southern european countries ( such as italy or greece ) are absolutely flooded with asylum seekers who are a huge cost in their societies . 
  sweden gets a lot too because of illegal smuggling channels and because of sweden 's reputation as refugee-friendly . 
  the point though is that such a cost should be spread out between all nations within the eu . 
  as should the housing of such refugees to prevent ghettoization and segregation in certain countries . 
  most asylum seekers are n't granted asylum but these people need to be provided for as their applications are processed . 
  unless you suggest the eu starts ignoring international law there 's really nothing else to it . 
  yet we somehow managed to ban traditional halal slaughter before denmark ... 
  yeah , i 've noticed an explosion of them in recent years . 
  it damages sweden 's image when there are beggars on every street corner in tourist districts . 
  hell , there are beggars sitting around my university campus - international students must be wondering wtf is going on . 
  travelling on the train you have people playing music on stereos and begging . 
  you 'll leave the carriage and walk into another train where new people with an identical music stereo will be begging . 
  at least some of this is very clearly organised and should be treated as an organised crime or human trafficking issue . 
  i 'm not anti-whaling for the sustainability argument , but simply because there 's no way to kill whales humanely . 
  it really is quite a grotesque practice since 's it 's not necessary anymore . 
  that being said this is clearly a ridiculous sentence . 
  importing illegal foods should get a warning . 
  a fine if it 's repeated . 
  would think that would be common sense but apparently not ... 
  free speech = / = threatening behaviour . 
  well , i would say something like [ kanelbullar ] ( http://kryddburken.se/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/kanelbullar_kanelbulle_kanelbullens_dag_4_oktober.jpg ) ( cinammon buns ) but those are so well-known abroad now that most people do n't realise they 're from sweden . 
  something a bit more obscure which is also very typically swedish is [ prinsesst\u00e5rta ] ( http://www.ica.se/imagevaultfiles/id_44939/cf_1286/princesstarta-526115.jpg ) ( princess cake ) . 
  because of the marzipan this can be an acquired taste though and is n't for everyone but i love it . 
  there are recipes available online for making both gluten-free . 
  i see no problem with this . 
  these are legitimate asylum seekers if they are handled by the unhcr . 
  the unhcr also deals with people in refugee camps who are also legitimate refugees . 
  but very few people who seek asylum in sweden have gone through the un . 
  it 's the people who are smuggled into sweden who are more dubious - sometimes they 're legitimate but many times they 're simply economic migrants who are taking advantage of conflicts in the area they 're in to gain entrance to the eu . 
  so the asylum system certainly has issues but this is n't an example of it . 
  i 'm happy for these eritreans . 
  hard to tell if this is due to an increase in hate crimes or an increase in tendency to report them . 
  as is pointed out in the article hate crimes are underreported since the attention such reports get sometimes makes the situation worse since people have a tendency to blame the victim in such a scenario . 
  the previous two comments here being a fine example of this . 
  you 'd think everyone would be against harassment and vandalism of property and graves no matter who the victim was - but apparently not . 
   frontex 's new code of conduct requires that participating countries have an effective monitoring system . 
  among other things , independent observers should be on board the aircraft . 
  sweden has been named as one of the eu countries which does not meet these requirements . 
  that seems like a good policy to allow for humane deportations . 
  and it does n't seem the swedish police disagrees :  `` we have assessed that our system works , but the evaluation shows that this is not the case , '' said s\u00f6ren clerton at the national police agency ( rikspolisstyrelsen ) borders unit . 
  well , ok then . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 so really this is just about a failure of implementation rather than a failure in policy .
