  i 'd say it has more to do with perceived actions by the state than the state 's form of governance . 
  i would in fact argue being a democracy makes the situation look worse since you know a large part of the population has a say in current policies . 
  that being said i 'm on the fence when it comes to sanctions , especially ones which are n't economic . 
  although for example freezing south africa out of sporting events no doubt had an impact i feel sports should be kept outside of politics . 
  same goes for academics . 
  but at the same time history has shown that it could be very effective , so i 'm on the fence about this ... 
  does this mean ireland is withdrawing from eurovision next year ? 
   in my opinion the purpose of language is ... to aid in communication yes . 
   as such i do n't think that hungarian is worth learning since you ca n't speak to anyone other than hungarians with it . 
  aaand there you lost me . 
  pretty sure communicating with hungarians counts as communicating . 
  languages have evolved through history to suit the populations that speak them . 
  a whole population ca n't just `` switch language '' without practical difficulties arising . 
  i do n't care if people want to `` save '' languages due to cultural or emotional reasons but that 's not personally why i support learning languages . 
  to me as long as a language is used to communicate between people it is worth learning and it 's a reflection of the society which speaks it . 
  makes sense . 
  it 's not pedophilia which is outlawed after all - it 's child molestation . 
  same reason why extremist groups are allowed to exist whilst any threats and intimidations they make will get them into trouble . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:gangs_in_denmark tldr : hells angels and bandidos are motorcycle gangs that are popular with the natives . 
  the [ great nordic biker war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_nordic_biker_war ) was fairly recently . 
  then they have a bunch of different immigrant gangs ( serbian brotherhood , black cobra ) . 
  gang conflicts these days are usually between hells angels and various immigrant gangs ( more often than not with black cobra as the main player ) . 
  they fight over control of the drug market , extortion opportunities , etc. 
  mandatory values ? 
  guide values ? 
  not sure what any of these things mean . 
  not really any surprises here though . 
  the countries that have a lot of beach-tourism are of course on top . 
  it 's a bit surprising that france is so low though for this reason . 
  sweden could be better ( since finland manages to be ) but i 'm not surprised by this result . 
  it 's well-known that you do n't try to swim in a random lake in sweden unless it 's a popular swimming destination . 
  unless a lake/beach/whatever has regular visitors they do n't really bother to keep it clean . 
  what are the odds a random brown person is an illegal immigrant ? 
  how is that not a `` massive waste of resources ? '', 
  profiling exists as an important part of the police force - the problem with racial profiling is that although it 's an easy way to profile it 's a largely ineffective one which just wastes the time of a large group of people who are continuously targeted . 
  i have no problem with profiling by `` race '' if they have a profile that includes race - just as long as it 's not the sole identifying marker . 
  let 's say the police are looking for illegals on the underground - they can check the papers of brown people * who are begging * . 
  this group is far more narrowed down and likely to include illegal immigrants . 
  due to bureaucracy in sweden it 's hard for illegal immigrants to get jobs . 
  white people begging are more likely to be swedes or homeless people from the schengen area . 
  so this makes far more sense as a way to profile . 
  just as an example - in reality homeless people are rarely targeted by the police here . 
  they 're after the people staying illegally in the country with friends and family . 
  godwin 's law in use yet again . 
  how on earth is nazism relevant to this story ? 
  sweden bans homeschooling done without a good reason as well . 
  i see no reason why it should be allowed . 
  unless you want your kids to be hermits they will be `` bombarded by negative influences '' whether in school or not . 
  it 's up to the parents to be a force of influence towards their children at home - and this is where religion should stay . 
   makes one wonder why they 're any homeless people about at all some are addicts , yes . 
  some are just people who 've slipped through the cracks . 
  most are not swedish though . 
  because of schengen homeless people from all over the eu can quite easily make their way here . 
  some no doubt do it because they believe people are richer here and begging will be more profitable . 
  some perhaps make it here because they believe food kitchens and shelters and the like will be more available . 
  i would think though that moving this far north as a homeless person is quite the risk ( because of the cold ) and it would be my guess that a large part of it is trafficking . 
  that is , criminal organisations bringing homeless people over here to beg . 
  this is definitely a thing that exists but i think it 's more common than people like to believe . 
  people will not do the above without financial motivation . 
  this goes back to the beginning of time . 
  people primarily look out for their own family or clan . 
  people will keep their own property in order but not public property . 
  who is to pay for the paving of roads ? 
  of the trimming of grass in public places ? 
  do you expect people to do this for free ? 
  with what spare time ? 
  it 's always amusing to see kids advocating for anarchy with no concept of how the world actually works . 
  i think we should all just accept the fact that we 've all been eating more horse than beef recently . 
  * ^ * this ^ is ^ probably ^ incorrect, 
  eurovision is serious business in sweden and we finally get to be the hosts again after a 13-year wait . 
  let us have this . 
  i always knew there was something off about those danes ... , 
  true . 
  it would have to be as an alternative to the eu . 
  [ which is quite a popular idea . 
  ] ( http://www.nordiskvision.org/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=27&amp;itemid=29 ) i personally would be open to the idea of a federation but i realise for nationalistic reasons it 's unlikely to happen . 
  not really . 
  the nordic council is more of a forum where nordic issues are discussed . 
  they do n't really have any political influence . 
  the one thing they did help do was introduce free travel within the nordics - otherwise they mostly talk about things only . 
  i think you misread his/her comment . 
  i thought it was funny , anyway . 
  this . 
  although a federation might be taking things a step too far since i think the nordic countries value their independence too much . 
  but having a nordic version of the eu ( integrated politics , economics , and foreign policy ) would be pretty awesome . 
  not for swedes , no . 
  this was already a big scandal here some years back ( not the cia cooperation in itself , but rather the violation of the torture ban ) and they received compensation for it . 
  however , you ca n't assume none of it is new . 
  maybe other countries were unaware they were helping the cia post-911 ? 
  no it was n't . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 [ and critics and viewers would agree with me . 
  ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1637727/ ) you just come off as an uber-nationalistic dane and/or a movie snob in comparison . 
  a tv series remake ? 
  because i can think of a few english-language movie remakes that are just as good as the originals . 
  the departed as one example . 
  problem with remakes is that they 're usually quite pointless . 
  i see a lot of foreign films so watching the same movie all over again ( even if it 's as good as the original ) is n't very appealing . 
  the only time when it 's definitely a good thing is when a remake is significantly better than the original or when it 's different enough to stand on its own . 
  and i 'd say this falls into the latter category - i 'm very interested in seeing a cooperation with the french and british police and the culture clashes they 'll undoubtedly face . 
  i 'd say it will be different enough from bron to be enjoyed as its own show .
