  finnar can be swedish whilst finl\u00e4ndare ca n't be . 
  studying danish is , however , compulsory in iceland just like swedish is in finland . 
  so it 's quite a similar situation . 
  i really doubt these stats would be the same if the second languages in these countries were chosen on a voluntary basis ... 
  all houses in sweden have central heating . 
  many countries do n't so it gets very cold inside during the winters . 
  hell , it gets really cold inside in australia during winters . 
  this is really not an issue in sweden though . 
  also , due to the gulf stream sweden has a pretty temperate climate considering the latitude . 
   i doubt it 's the best place . 
  there have been many horror stories of how old people have been cared for in terrible nursing homes . 
  the problem is that those are n't at all contradictory ideas . 
  there are many issues concerning the elderly in sweden . 
  all this means is that in other countries it 's worse . 
  [ hey , even sweden has a bible belt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt#sweden ) . 
  i 'd think that most countries that are historically christian will have an area which is more traditional than most . 
  you 're telling me there 's not one quote on language by any swedish author ? 
  : / more likely they just wanted that specific quote in there ... 
  i do n't see why people find the idea contradictory . 
  there are europe-wide organisations across the eu that rally against the eu too . 
  it 's really about finding allies and people who share similar opinions on national issues . 
  neo-nazis have been getting organised for years now and i see no ideological reason why they would n't . 
  it 's not like the idea is new though . 
  several european countries lease land abroad . 
  ukraine might be the first european country to be the seller though ( ? 
  i 'd recommend [ monteliusv\u00e4gen ] ( http://www.spottedbylocals.com/stockholm/monteliusvagen/ ) in stockholm which is a 500m long walking path . 
  it 's not really known to tourists at all but provides one of the best views of stockholm . 
  [ that 's where refugee resettlement comes in . 
  ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/4a16b1676.html ) these people are helped and are provided with visa 's to go to the countries that accept them - they then apply for asylum when they arrive . 
  the international asylum system is n't perfect but i think it works pretty well . 
  as it is now the people who end up being given the potential for asylum are mostly either people desperate enough to move to refugee camps set up by the un or people desperate enough to spend their entire life savings to be smuggled abroad . 
  in other words - legitimate asylum seekers . 
  there are no doubt some economic migrants in the bunch but people who get to sweden tend to be legitimate for the most part . 
  they 're not the only ones who are confused given the reddit response to this when this was news . 
  you see these misconceptions in every thread about snowden as well . 
  basic law of asylum that applies in nearly every country : you need to be in the country in question to apply for asylum . 
  no exceptions . 
  one of the european countries i know the least about , so this thread is interesting . 
  all i really know about macedonia is the naming/history disputes with greece and the fact that it 's an ex-yugoslav country that speaks a south slavic language closely related to bulgarian . 
  and they use cyrillic writing . 
  also , they 're big fans of wine ? 
  something i 've read somewhere i believe ... but correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  we drink around the same amount of alcohol . 
  swedes drink more wine than finns do , though . 
  and who knows why , really ... 
  yes , you hit the nail on the head . 
  what the top countries in this list have in common is a broad social safety net . 
  it 's got nothing to do with the culture of a country or even its people ( since people often consider nordics to in general be quite the somber bunch ) . 
  :d this list is n't about `` happiness '' either , really , it 's about contentment . 
  if people feel financially and socially secure they wo n't stress and worry so much . 
  this leads to `` happiness '' more than anything else , really . 
  yep . 
  fra and what they do is no secret . 
  it 's been highly publicised for years . 
  reality is that most people do n't care . 
  i think this is a very good reflection of the swedish mentality in general and the tendency for swedes to place a high trust in the government . 
  sweden has always been more about transparency than privacy - it 's why we place so low in corruption indexes . 
  this is the country where you can send an sms and find out the salary of your neighbour . 
  this transparency of course also extends to politicians and there are many positives to it . 
  the issue of transparency vs. privacy is a complex one . 
  many people do have some issues with fra , but at the end of the day they do n't care enough to make it a priority . 
  i do n't know what it 's called but it 's when you deem a country as extremely high-risk and simply do n't deport anyone back there . 
  in theory then all people from that country seeking asylum would get it . 
  we used to have the same policy with refugees from iraq ( until we did n't ) . 
  i know the usa has a similar policy with refugees from cuba ( although that 's really political posturing more than anything else ) . 
  it 's really quite rare so i ca n't say i have too strong an opinion on it . 
  even with refugees from afghanistan and such they 're decided on case-by-case basis and only around 40 % are granted asylum ( and afghanistan is seen as a high-risk country ) . 
   i 'm so tired of all the tears being shed for gypsies on this subreddit . 
  this is the first time ever on this subreddit ( and on reddit as a whole ) that i 've seen a post about gypsies that does n't start off as an attack on them . 
  i 'm pretty sure most swedes would know not to . 
   does n't change the fact that it 's true . 
  national stereotypes like these are often steeped in nationalistic history . 
  all scandinavians are extremely similar and at the end of the day these `` stereotypes '' are nonsense . 
  but our stereotypes of norwegians and danes are numerous and they come from wanting to create a clear line between `` us '' and `` them '' built over many years . 
  this was never really true when it came to swedes in regards to finns . 
  it is true the other way around though which is why finns have so many stereotypes of and jokes made regarding swedes . 
  it 's not like it 's a deliberate thing . 
  swedes tend to simply not see ( stereotypically ) as much of a difference between swedes and finns as we do between swedes and danes/norwegians . 
  it 's not meant as an insult . 
  yeah , poor iceland . 
  we make fun of all of our neighbours really but we tend to forget about them . 
  making jokes about norway is of course a fine long-running tradition . 
  i 'd say it 's getting more common to make danish jokes in modern times though , as / r/swarje for one shows . 
  we make jokes about finns too but not to the extent they do about us . 
  amusingly the view of `` finland is basically still sweden '' is actually quite accurate . 
  swedes tend not to see such a great difference between sweden and finland ( aside from the obvious - language ) . 
  whilst norwegians are seen as slow-minded country bumpkins and the danes as unorganised and undisciplined bohemians finns are basically seen as swedes ( except perhaps quieter with more alcohol and knives ) . 
  although that joke gets old fast . 
  what progeda says . 
  education in sweden is still decent but we 're slipping in international polls at an alarming rate . 
  as for the social system that 's an important part of swedish society and is always a pressing issue since it 's constantly being tweaked . 
   also , malta being so far south is seeing the impact of global warming the quickest and is facing serious issues of [ desertification ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/desertification ) and drought . 
  [ because . 
  ] ( http://www.troll.me/images/ancient-aliens-guy/balkans-thumb.jpg ) either that or some others are coloured by bad experiences and/or prejudices ? 
   that it is subject to swedish privacy/other laws what swedish privacy laws ? 
  sweden places a much higher emphasis on transparency rather than privacy . 
  it 's why we place so low in corruption indexes . 
  this is the country where you can find out the salary of your next door neighbour by sending a quick sms . 
  people accept this lack of privacy because it applies to all swedish citizens - including those in the government . 
  if american intelligence agencies are at all intelligent they have easy access to every swedish person 's basic info already .
