  i really enjoyed both the danish series forbrydelsen and the american remake the killing . 
  i especially enjoyed how they changed the killer - it 's fun when they do stuff like that to surprise even fans of the original . 
  there are so many wtf 's in this story . 
  first of all the treatment . 
  then the girl claiming she 's not their biological daughter but them insisting on it . 
  then them applying for financial aid to go to the droc to perform an exorcism . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 it 's shocking how they can be so deluded . 
  these people are crazy and they 'll no doubt lose this case . 
  wish the girl all the best . 
  [ only about 6 % of our russian asylum seekers are granted asylum . 
  ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-psblhixhz1i/tiljep1_rwi/aaaaaaaabi4/emdp1g7d1yk/s1600/antalet+beviljade+asyl+under+6+m%25c3%25a5n+2011.jpg ) it really depends a lot on the case and it 's hard to speculate what would have happened if he tried seeking asylum here . 
  people with both hearing and sight often say the same about losing either of these . 
  people who 've been paralyzed often feel the same when they realise what they 've lost the ability to do . 
  it 's the same with any loss - you 'd get used to it eventually and it 's definitely possible to live a happy and fulfilling life . 
  there 's always touch . 
  and you 'd be able to communicate through talking unless you 're mute . 
  if this were to happen you 'd no doubt become thoroughly depressed for a while but it 's not impossible to live as both deaf and blind . 
  you could speak , write , or do sign-language to communicate with other people . 
  it 's them communicating with you which is more difficult . 
  there is a such thing as tactile sign-language though as well as electronic braille devices . 
  you could still read ( books in braille ) , do arts-and-crafts , do gardening , build things , do some sports , talk with people , etc etc. 
  being blind and deaf is n't a death sentence - as others have pointed out these twins had further injuries which limited their quality of life . 
  someone who is deaf and losing their sight should learn braille though since it 'd be easier to learn when you can still see writing . 
  unless you get a traumatic injury you wo n't lose your sight overnight . 
  that 's how it 's seen up north though . 
  look at any member maps from people from the nordic countries - they 're basically the same . 
  you can say that about any neighbouring countries . 
  germany is much closer culturally to the netherlands than to hungary . 
  but you need to divide countries somewhere when you 're talking about east/south/central / north/west . 
  the source is legitimate as is the title ( `` muslim mother kills son '' would be an example of a heavily biased title ) . 
  there is nothing hate-mongering here except some of the comments . 
  this is perfectly valid as a news story . 
  disloyalty and disloyalty . 
  i 'd say the problem is that he 's quite openly supporting a corrupt regime . 
  he 's even partaking in such corruption by essentially avoiding the law and getting citizenship `` through a friend '' . 
  i ca n't see this `` controversy '' going anywhere now though . 
  before there was talk about tax rates and tax havens - now this is simply a story of a man who does n't give a fuck just like any other russian oligarch . 
  before he had his supporters but you 'd be hard-pressed to find anyone who 'll support him now . 
  rt is not a legitimate source . 
  it 's the fox news of russia . 
  i second merlin . 
  but more importantly ** sherlock ** . 
  watch it !, 
  canada is generally colder than northern europe though because of the gulf stream . 
  and the philippines has over 90 million people and a spanish minority but they do n't have a flag . 
  surely the mods are able to see where the subreddit 's traffic comes from - i think they make flag decisions based on that . 
  if not your best bet would be to show that there are many puerto ricans in this subreddit through whatever means . 
  well , you ca n't have all flags in the world available . 
  so they only have non-european flags with a lot of followers present . 
  puerto rico just seems like a really obscure choice . 
  like having the flag of bhutan as an option . 
   if you asked a girl out for dinner , would you expect her to pay for her half ? 
  i 'm a girl , and yes i would . 
  why should the man have to pay ? 
  that sounds more like an americanization on your part than anything else . 
  if you accept someone 's invitation for a date you accept the pricetag that goes along with it . 
  it 's the same reason why you always bring gifts with you when someone invites you home to a home-cooked meal . 
  bills are nearly always split in sweden . 
  demanding that the man pays for a date simply because he 's a man is especially un-swedish since that 's not only a blow to tradition but a blow to gender equality as well . 
   i do expect you to pay this is not very common at all in sweden . 
  yes , so-called `` nationalists '' often say this but it does n't make it any less nonsense . 
  immigrants can be racist as hell - including against swedes - yet ethnic swedes are definitely not the biggest victims of racism in sweden . 
  since ethnic swedes are the vast majority in all institutions able to discriminate ( schools , hospitals , companies , etc ) it would be ridiculous to claim that often poverty-ridden immigrants are able to wield the social power necessary to cause widespread discrimination . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 often the worst they can do is be general hoodlums and harass ethnic swedes whilst the prejudice certain immigrant groups face tend to have more long-lasting effects that affect their entire social standing . 
  they ca n't just keep on ignoring them if their party continues growing though . 
  there 's been discussion that freezing them out will only result in more people voting for them - and i definitely believe that . 
   who are the biggest victims of racism in sweden ? 
  hard to say . 
  i 'll go with middle-easterners . 
  that 's no scientific statement though . 
  sd however has gained its main support from being an anti-islam party . 
   why is racism talked about so much in sweden ? 
  i mean - do you think it 's a bigger issue in your country than in other places ? 
  or are you guys just more concerned with getting it right ? 
  at the moment probably because of the rise of sd . 
  they came from out of nowhere and suddenly entered parliament . 
  they became the weigher and because the alliance refused to cooperate with them they had to form a minority government . 
  poll projections show they 're currently the third biggest party meaning other parties may be forced to work with them in the future . 
  sd of course are also getting votes for a reason . 
  they 're a protest-party , after all . 
  there 's huge debates involving immigration , refugees , integration , etc in sweden right now . 
  as for racism being a bigger issue in sweden than elsewhere ? 
  it has however been a taboo to talk negatively about immigration in the mainstream so now that people are finally talking about it because of sd there are a lot of heated opinions . 
   and what is racist about someone dressing up as a cookie ?? 
  it 's not . 
  which is why it was a retarded policy . 
  in sweden lucia is a holiday that 's celebrated on the 13th of december . 
  during this day kids will dress up as either [ santas , gingerbread men , `` star boys '' , or t\u00e4rnor ( female attendants of lucia ) , and then lucia herself ] ( http://farm1.static.flickr.com/135/327022129_45b77ba5c8.jpg ) now , a few overly politically correct teachers decide that dressing up as gingerbread men is racist and tell the kids ' parents that they should n't do so because it would be `` racially insensitive . '', 
  naturally everyone goes wtf and this becomes a huge nation-wide scandal . 
  bigots naturally use this as proof immigrants are trying to alter swedish traditions whilst ordinary people see it political correctness gone out of control . 
  as often with scandals like this it 's white ethnic swedes trying to decide what is offensive to black and brown people . 
  i 'll eat my hat if i 'm able to find one black/brown person in sweden who seriously thinks gingerbread men are racist . 
  it 's however not unusual for teachers or other people in positions of authority to be unusually politically correct to the point of absurdity . 
  this is what the debates are about . 
  i 'm an east-coaster so i 'm having a hard time choosing between finland and norway here . 
  the other two swedes in the thread picked norway and that does n't surprise me - but i think i 'll go with finland just to mix things up a bit . 
  which they do to make a point . 
  because only hardliners are really pushing for this word . 
  the average svensson really could n't care less . 
  but the hen-debate has active and vocal for-and-against teams .
