  why basically invite potential war into our countries when russia has never threatened us ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  yeah , i noticed that too . 
  i really do n't get how people can be so indifferent towards people dying . 
  : / or how they can celebrate australia 's inhumane refugee policies . 
  reality is that the international laws surrounding asylum seekers always being allowed a trial exist for a reason . 
  does the system get abused ? 
  almost certainly . 
  hell , `` swedistan '' that people here like to talk about denies over half of our asylum applications . 
  you want to fix the asylum system ? 
  make the process faster and more efficient . 
  and spread the refugees out all over the eu . 
  i 'm a big supporter of a lottery system so asylum seekers can be sent to any country at random . 
  that would stop opportunists who want to be sent to a specific country and make more room for real refugees . 
  yet as flawed as the current asylum system is i do n't see how people can be so vehemently against the principal of it . 
  it 's like they do n't believe actual refugees should have the right to asylum . 
  i thought it was rotterdam until i read your comment . 
  [ sound like neo-nazis to me . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party_of_the_swedes#ideology ) : /, 
  who has said sanctions are good for the eu ? 
  rather the reasoning is that a short-term economic impact would be better than the long-term impact of letting russia bully countries in the region . 
  whether sanctions are good is still debatable but you need to realise the actual reasoning behind them . 
  by that they mean the plane drama , not the whole of the ukraine crisis . 
  they do n't . 
  it 's just a sensationalist headline . 
  from the article :  `` we do n't need anyone 's permission to sell food products to friendly countries : as far as we know , latin america is not a part of the european union , '' correa said as quoted by the apa . 
  on monday , the spanish el pais newspaper wrote that the european union is unhappy with latin american intentions to supply russia with the food products that now it refuses to import from europe . 
  `` let us wait for an official complaint [ from the european union ] and we will answer it , '' correa proposed . 
  so basically it 's the president getting mad about something that has n't happened ( yet ) whilst at the same time being surprised that some eu members are unhappy with them for allowing exports to russia while they 're banning imports from europe ( proving they 're not neutral on this issue ) . 
  what feelings did he expect them to have ? 
  source ? 
   and trying to murder someone and getting some killed by accident are vastly different actions . 
  the action is the same . 
  someone dies by someone else 's hand . 
  it 's the intent that 's different . 
  motive is extremely important when it comes to criminal law . 
  i think they 're simply the only ones posting . 
  i live in a city and to those familiar with stockholm posting a picture from my window would give them the exact location of where i live . 
  and i do n't think i 'm the only one who 's uncomfortable with that idea . 
  if you live in a forest ( or even in a less densely populated area ) that 's not really an issue . 
  or hell , maybe i 'm just being overly paranoid ... , 
  that architecture !, 
  those lines !, 
  seriously though , high five for apartment-living . 
   with the temperatures we 've been ~ ~ enjoying ~ ~ suffering, 
  yeah , showing a large part of slussen which is by far the ugliest part of stockholm . 
  an in autumn too !, 
  clearly op hates sweden . 
   [ here 's ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/3589247.jpg ) a really nice skyline picture showing the 3 towers which is a good representation of stockholm 's skyline as a whole . 
  there is no other place in sweden to build it . 
  sweden does n't really have skyscrapers . 
  this part of malm\u00f6 is pretty empty though and they 're building out this part of the city . 
  so it 's still possible that they can build more tall buildings there in the future . 
  ca n't really decide between norway and finland . 
  : / i 'm leaning towards finland but i 'd say most swedes would lean towards norway in this . 
  denmark is by process of elimination therefore my least favourite . 
  they 're simply the most different from us ( who are not from southern sweden ) . 
  we definitely still get along with them though . 
  how familiar with laws are you ? 
  having them as specific as possible is how you prevent people from finding loopholes . 
  take article 2 of the universal declaration of human rights :  ** everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this declaration , without distinction of any kind ** , such as race , colour , sex , language , religion , political or other opinion , national or social origin , property , birth or other status . 
  furthermore , no distinction shall be made on the basis of the political , jurisdictional or international status of the country or territory to which a person belongs , whether it be independent , trust , non-self-governing or under any other limitation of sovereignty . 
  now you could just have the bolded part since you 'd assume that would be self-explanatory . 
  but it is n't specific enough for a court of law . 
  it has nothing to do with having `` protected classes '' and everything to do with making sure one group is n't excluded from the rest and looked upon in a special light . 
   the proposal has come under sharp criticism , however , from the national afro-swedish association ( afrosvenskarnas riksf\u00f6rbund , asr ) . 
   sabuni concurred that race is a social construction , but from there his views diverged . 
   `` just because it 's a social construction does n't mean it 's not a reality , '' sabuni said . 
  `` for us , this is just trying to take away the possibility to even talk about it . '', 
  hell , i agree with sabuni about something !, 
  it 's a miracle . 
  too bad no one takes them seriously at this point due to the bullshit they 're usually spouting . 
  but i do agree with them here . 
  although it seems that they 're not removing the laws - simply rewording them . 
  so presumably the laws will talk about ethnicity instead which could be interesting ... then the meaning would essentially be the same which would n't make this too bad . 
  race is most definitely a social construct . 
  genetic diversity exists on a spectrum and can not be divided into categories . 
  race becomes even more obvious as a social construct when you look at how differently race is defined in different countries . 
  the usa for example still quite heavily follows the one-drop rule where if you have even the smallest amount of sub-saharan african heritage you 're categorised as black . 
  however , it being a social construct is no reason for it not to be in law since people 's life experience is still defined by social constructs . 
  so it 's still up for debate whether this move is good or not . 
  first i 've heard of this . 
  awesome . 
   it 's so true that many people like the idea of being open to immigrants but never actually socialise with immigrants themselves . 
  of course it 's not easy for both groups to come in contact with each other which is why efforts like these are so good . 
  swedes tend to have a love for holding seminars and meetings whilst this kind of casual contact is really the best way to integrate immigrants . 
  and if it fails they can change it back . 
  i 'm all for the sub getting a bigger audience and becoming more representative though . 
  interesting that there 's no discernable connection between feeling like an eu citizen and being in the eurozone ... 
  that counts . 
  this is about feeling like a citizen just like you feel like a citizen of your own country even if you disagree with their policies . 
  it 's why greece for example is so low . 
  although they are eu citizens many consider the eu `` the others '' and feel excluded from the group ( and like they have no power ) . 
  because the question was about feeling like an eu citizen not feeling like a european . 
  it 's hardly muslims that are the problem - it 's middle easterners . 
  particularly those who buy into the idea of pan-arabism and have links to cultures with a very extreme interpretation of islam . 
  if you have a bunch of these people in your country it is not suprising that some of them end up posing a threat . 
  til . 
  then the rebels sending the box to them in the first place is just politics . 
  not that that 's a bad thing - with everyone wanting the box that 's the most neutral place for them to send it so it 's smart .
