  what we know for sure is that none of them are going to enter into an alliance with sd because they 've all said so ... 
  they wo n't . 
  it 's also the social democrats who are supposed to build an alliance now but it 's very unclear with who . 
  basically we do n't know what will happen yet or how the new government will look like . 
  it 'll more than likely take them a few days to decide this ... 
  yeah . 
  problem is that moderaterna have stated that immigration is a huge cost yet have n't actually given much of a platform on immigration issues which is what many of their voters wanted . 
  this is mostly refugees we 're talking about and the other side of the political spectrum believes in accepting refugees for idealistic/moral reasons . 
  moderaterna however have their hands mostly tied due to international laws on asylum seeking ( and the eu status quo ) and it 's clear they did n't really know how to approach the issue ( and they are very much for work immigration and an open labour market so appeasing voters that way was out ) . 
  sd 's policies are completely ridiculous but they gave an easy `` solution '' and that 's what many voters were looking for . 
  compare to the left who are actually much more against work immigration ( to keep the jobs for the swedish working class ) whilst being all for refugee immigration for moral reasons . 
  this of course leads to accepting lots of the completely wrong type of immigrant that makes integration as a whole all the more difficult . 
  yet some voters still like this since it means some limited immigration ( even when it means highly educated people in their various fields then have a harder time getting jobs in sweden ) . 
  the whole situation is a frigging mess . 
  brothers : norway , finland , denmark cousin : iceland ( since we do n't have nearly as much contact with them as the other three ), 
  the polls are usually pretty spot on . 
  however this turns out there will be roughly 50 % who disagrees with the vote . 
  and this will be a problem . 
  it may not resort to violence ( although i expect it will in some cases amongst the working class especially ) but i would not count this as `` exciting times . '', 
  rather there are quite difficult times ahead for scotland and the uk , irrelevant of the results . 
  that ... does n't happen in reality though . 
  the social democrats have been in power for the vast majority of sweden 's modern history . 
  if a party lives up to their election promises and people see the situation improving they will keep on voting for them . 
  and even then we know that roughly half of the population does n't . 
  i mean , wtf . 
  when norway voted to leave sweden 99 % voted yes . 
  people are pretending this is a similar case even though it obviously is n't . 
  no matter the result of this vote a lot of people are going to end up feeling really sad . 
  he was obviously drunk . 
  it 's not like he was denied entry into the store . 
  he was n't allowed to purchase alcohol so he proceeded to trash the store instead . 
  the people at systembolaget have every right to deny sales to noticeably drunk people and this is well-known . 
  because asylum seekers do n't go to finland - they go to sweden . 
  it 's against international law not to give every asylum seeker the right to a trial . 
  i 'm a britophile though . 
  a huge fan of all things british . 
  :d i expect people are just taking what they perceive to be the underdog stance . 
  same . 
  i studied for 3 years in scotland . 
  i 'm back in sweden now though but am hoping for a no-vote !, 
  and also attacking people in a large group like that . 
  when does that ever happen outside of hate crimes ? 
  if it 's organised crime they 'd be armed and not that many . 
  and teaching about the theory of cultural imperialism is perfectly valid for a variety of subjects . 
  however , this is clearly biased . 
  well , i did say dairy . 
   true cheese connoisseurs care about the butter complement . 
  if russia does n't watch out they may reach norwegian levels of shortage soon . 
  [ time to start making your own dairy poland-style . 
  it 's irrelevant what you believe russia should feel - the only thing that 's relevant is what russia actually does feel . 
  this is simple geopolitics . 
  it 's easy for people to rant from their armchairs about what sweden/finland should do in regards to russia but you 're not their neighbours so our situation is n't at all like yours . 
  strategic importance . 
  whoever `` has '' sweden and finland also has control over the baltic sea . 
  there 's a reason nato signed the rather one-sided agreement they did last week . 
  it 's in their best interest to prevent russia from taking over sweden/finland so they are n't the ones to gain control over the baltic area . 
  it 's a cat and mouse game . 
  and sweden/finland would be the key playgrounds for any conflict between nato and russia . 
  so why should we invite potential war onto ourselves and escalate tensions when we have little to gain from it ? 
  russia is at worst indifferent to sweden and finland now . 
  us joining nato would mean russia is that much closer to being surrounded by nato members which they , understandably , feel threatened by . 
  political bullshit aside that would put any country on the defensive . 
  i do n't . 
  nato would be the ones to win from that , not sweden or finland . 
  hmm ... you do have a point there . 
  that 's a depressing thought . 
  yeah , i 'm unsure what they mean by sanctions but withholding that money is certainly fair enough . 
  if money for development aid is being misused as norway sees it then i do n't see why removing it is a problem . 
  i guess though that there are laws/rules within the eu which govern how to redirect funds and it would have to be an eu decision for other countries to get involved in this . 
  well , why not ? 
  it 's not like they 're demanding it - just suggesting it . 
  and they 're certainly not the only country who is worried about recent developments in hungary . 
  not at all surprising . 
  have n't you heard all the drama involving italian politicians ( and their media ) . 
  it 's great that they 've lost the confidence of their voters since that 's the first step towards change . 
  the real shocker here is that greece has bought into their media 's bullshit . 
  well yeah , germans are stereotyped as being efficient hardasses . 
  same reason you 're considered the most trustworthy . 
  in other words , the most likely to get something done ( economically speaking ) with little worry if it affects people negatively . 
   it 's not like that 's true but it 's the stereotype . 
  the eu undoubtedly has a big impact on this result . 
  not in mine . 
  russia is n't the only country to violate our airspace . 
  and simulated exercises are what militaries do . 
  if sweden joined nato their bases would be on gotland ( which has to do with having control over the baltic sea ) . 
  point is - that 's not really much of an argument for joining nato . 
  the reason they 're having those exercises in the first place is in case sweden does join nato so that would be a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  sweden takes part in un sanctioned missions . 
  nato simply happens to coordinate many of them . 
  sweden would not gain anything by joining nato . 
  nato would be the ones to win from that , not us , which is why they 're going along with this rather one-sided agreement in the article . 
  why ? 
  because if finland or sweden were to join nato then nato would be in charge of the baltic sea which is an enormous strategic advantage . 
  the reason nato have now signed this agreement is simply to prevent russia from gaining this advantage . 
  sweden does well and has a good reputation around the world partly because we 're non-aligned ( and nato especially has a bad reputation in certain parts of the world ) . 
  it 's not only relations with russia that would be damaged if we joined nato . 
  our good reputation abroad is good for us economically and also good for humanitarian reasons since swedes are often called in to mediate conflicts . 
  now , russia would be pissed if finland and sweden were to join nato since they 'd be effectively surrounded . 
  and where would any future conflict between russia and nato take place ? 
  sweden and finland would be key playgrounds for this conflict .
