  and their military spending is one of the reasons why they rank 101 instead of anywhere near the top 20 . 
  if it 's the scale you 're referring to it 's only ranked out of 5 . 
  so 0.1 makes a big difference in ranking . 
  yep , that section is in bright red . 
   access to weapons - since when is getting a weapon in russia easier ? 
  ( ru 4.0 vs us 3.0 ) i 'd assume these people know more about it than you or i do . 
   violent crime - weekly school shooting and gang violence reports from the us and yet they get a lower score ? 
  ( ru 3.0 vs us 1.0 ) again , you 're using anecdotal evidence instead of actual statistics . 
   military expenditure - ru 2.0 vs us 2.1 points . 
  what ? 
  $ 87.8 billion vs $ 640 billion and just 0.1 of a point in that difference ? 
  it obviously counts it per capita . 
   militarization - ru 3.1 vs us 2.5 . 
  a country with the largest military force in the world is considered less militarized ? 
  huh ? 
  because what makes a society militarized has nothing to do with population size . 
  if that were the case sweden could be north korea but not end up anywhere high on these lists because of our low population size . 
   national cost of violence : ru $ 242,095,000,000 vs us $ 1,713,095,000,000 and yet the us has a better `` peace '' index ? 
  again , the usa has a much bigger population than russia . 
   our top three guesses for your english dialect :  1 . 
  american ( standard )  2 . 
  australian  3 . 
  welsh ( uk ) hell yeah !, 
  i sound like a native speaker . 
   our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language :  1 . 
  norwegian  2 . 
  english  3 . 
  swedish http://i.myniceprofile.com/1516/151669.png basically spot on . 
  like i said the only thing a ranking says is that other countries have it worse . 
  it does n't mean elderly care is n't a problem in sweden too . 
  i guess the push towards conformity might bother some . 
  you 'll find a version of the tall-poppy syndrome ( jantelagen ) in smaller countries like scandinavian ones . 
  and that makes it less socially acceptable to stand out . 
  other issues : - education - which sweden is * ok * at but in no way good at . 
  our rankings in international studies have been slipping for years - integration of immigrants ( and hell , immigration laws in general ) - that 's a hot potato in all of europe though . 
  - care of the elderly is always up for criticism . 
  sweden recently ranked the best place in the world to be an old person though , so we have that going for us which is nice . 
  but that really says a lot about how bad elderly care is worldwide . 
  - youth unemployment . 
  it being very difficult for new people to come out into the workforce due to the regulations in place . 
  then you have the issues people tend to complain about in regards to sweden . 
  i know sweden 's strict laws against drug use ( including weed ) bothers some . 
  as does sweden 's laws against buying the services of prostitutes . 
  many people also have a problem with sweden 's fra law and monitoring of phones and internet . 
  also , no kfc or fried chicken fast-food of any sort . 
  but we do have the best kebab ever ( and on pizza ) which ca n't be found outside of scandinavia so perhaps it evens out ... edit : also really dislike sweden 's binge-drinking culture . 
   i 'm not scandinavian but from my experience meeting them , having such a well run country makes for some very smug people . 
   literally every scandinavian person i 've ever met always talks about how great their country is and how shitty everyone else 's is . 
  i realise you 're being sarcastic but for those unaware this is not really a `` consensus '' . 
  this is just plain eu politics . 
  instead of having opinions that are all over the place a group of countries present a `` united front '' of sorts and present one opinion . 
  this gives that one opinion more weight within the context of the eu . 
  yes . 
  seems like it 'd be a huge waste of money . 
  knowledge of english has changed dramatically over the last few decades . 
  it 'll get higher on its own . 
  and if it does n't that 's that country 's funeral . 
  seriously , they 're the ones who lose out . 
  big businesses in these countries already do business in english and that 's to the extent the eu should care about that . 
  i love it when people have such specific interests . 
  at first it may sound weird but then i realise i have a fascination with roman britain ( not the roman empire in general - just britain ) and i realise i ca n't judge . 
  yeah , sk\u00e5ne is fucked . 
  they 're the only part of the country that is n't rising ( they 're not sinking , they 're simply not rising ) so if/when the sea-level rises they 're going to be facing some serious problems . 
  still a misleading picture though since many tags were used . 
  in denmark for example #joinus was trending the most . 
  in sweden #esc 2014 was also trending . 
  twitter is definitely a thing here but it 's not insanely common like it is in some places and is quite limited to certain demographics . 
  i do n't get it . 
  hate is such a strong emotion . 
  why the hell do you hate a drag queen ? 
  to me that 's not the least bit controversial . 
  the beard is a bit more unusual and surprised me the first time i saw it but it did n't take me long to get over it . 
  dana international was transsexual though ( which i 'd assume would be even more controversial . ), 
  ukraine on the other hand sent a drag queen in 2007 and nearly won ( came second ) . 
  if i recall many russians were outraged then too . 
  guess this guy has a short-term memory ... 
  plus you do n't have to host ( which can be very expensive ) . 
   second is great . 
  as is third . 
  :d there 's nothing to be sad about !, 
  and austria has n't won since 1966 so you ca n't help but be happy for them . 
  denmark has a good draw and sounds nothing like any other songs this year . 
  he 's also bruno mars vocal twin with a very distinct voice . 
  add the happy carefree performance and denmark becomes a very serious contender . 
  i like switzerland 's entry but it has no chance of winning . 
  like i said my list is n't my personal top of the final but rather the ones that are expected by fans of the show ( and/or gamblers ) to do well . 
  for example , one of my absolute favourite songs of the year is norway . 
  too bad people expect it to be chanceless . 
  :( could still surprise in the ranking but it 's extremely unlikely to end up winning . 
  these are the countries which in my opinion have a legitimate chance of winning : netherlands , austria , uk , sweden , armenia , greece , denmark and hungary . 
  usually there 's an obvious winner or two but this year it 's insanely open ... 
  note : i 'm basing these predictions on betting odds and draw order . 
  fit ( t ) a means cunt/pussy ( somewhere between the strength of those words ) in swedish . 
  so saying you want to have some pussy whilst in sweden might raise a few eyebrows . 
  this makes sense and would be an easy sell to the public . 
  because whilst non-alignment is seen as a fundamental part of swedish foreign policy an alliance with finland ( or any of the nordics , for that matter ) would n't really `` count '' in most people 's minds . 
  the other nordic countries are already exceptions to most rules and i 'd think you 'd be hard-pressed to find anyone who would be against this even in the `` isolationist '' camp . 
  do n't really care why the law is passed . 
  what 's important is that gays in georgia now have one less thing to worry about which is the goal . 
  and pancakes .
