  if they 're genuine refugees - especially if they could n't be deported - they 'd end up as they are now - camping across europe . 
  in situations where the local authorities do n't want to be involved is when we see international aid organisations stepping in , as is the case with the enormous refugee camps all around the middle east . 
  you ca n't simply wish for these people to disappear - they 'd have to end up somewhere . 
  and putting them in jail - although not `` legally '' wrong since they 're technically illegal - wo n't really help the problem . 
  the point is that in the situation of genuine refugees there are no winners . 
  they remain a serious international problem . 
  and the situation is made worse since the people who are lingering in refugee camps - who are without a doubt genuine refugees - are being overlooked since so many countries are being swamped by economic migrants posing as refugees . 
  but a lottery system in place would go far in reducing the amounts of asylum seekers arriving to the eu in the first place . 
  ideally this would be a un-mandated change with refugees being spread to safe countries throughout the world . 
  but since the un is hopeless the only chance we have of improving the situation is eu policy . 
  another option since you asked for it is to go the australian route of basically setting up refugee camps on a nearby island . 
  so people are only let into mainland once they are granted asylum and economic migrants are quite literally kept far away . 
  of course , the australian policy for asylum seekers has been criticised for being inhumane but it 's at the very least better than the status quo in the eu now !, 
  you 're looking at it from the wrong angle though . 
  there can be no cap since these are illegal immigrants . 
  it 's not like they 're invited in - they either sneak in by boat or they call the authorities once they 're in eu waters asking to be rescued . 
  thousands of people drown this way each year since they 're in really bad boats so telling them to turn around and get the hell out normally is n't a feasible option . 
  and once they 're in the eu they seek asylum it 's against international law not to let them go to trial . 
  and even if they 're rejected this is an expensive process . 
  so many people take advantage of the asylum system to get into europe because of what an unorganised mess it is . 
  the only thing you can do is improve the asylum process . 
  and the lottery system does this - it removes the incentive for economic migrants to pose as refugees since it 's completely random what country you 'd end up being processed in . 
  as for making sure a person stays in said country you ca n't do that but with proper processing , fingerprinting and an eu wide database of asylum seekers you can ensure that the dublin regulations are upheld . 
  people seeking asylum in other countries they were n't allocated to would simply be quickly deported back to their starting country . 
  asylum seekers would eventually get the hint . 
  some would no doubt still jump over borders to live with relatives/friends illegally but that 's happening already . 
  what this new system would do is encourage people not to seek asylum in the eu in the first place unless they feel they are actually in danger where they 're at . 
  is n't the lottery system what the eu has been fighting for ? 
  maybe they have a new plan ... 
  i know the lottery system was supposed to take some things into account in different countries - like population , wealth , employment opportunities etc which would essentially establish quotas for different countries . 
  is this not what we 're talking about ? 
  edit : found article about the quota plan : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34193568 `` the numbers allocated to each country would depend on gdp , population , unemployment rate and asylum applications already processed . '', 
  so it is a lottery system they 're suggesting !, 
  which is great and why it 's so disappointing that so many countries are against it . 
   that does sound like a good system , but that still does n't take care of the external borders . 
  italy and greece do not have the financial means to adequately monitor its external borders and they 've argued for years they need help from the eu since it 's an eu-wide problem . 
  and i would agree with them . 
  it 's easy for countries to not want to spend money policing what they see as someone else 's problem but that 's very short-sighted thinking and the current situation proves that . 
  as for the never-ending stream - you need to consider the symptoms behind that . 
  it 's against international law to deny people the right to asylum once they 're in your country/waters . 
  southern european countries therefore get drowned in a load of refugees and economic migrants who know that they do n't have the resources to deal with them and will just let them through . 
  like i said , if you take this possibility away by installing a lottery system upon arrival you take away the incentive of economic migrants ( who currently are able to game the system because of lack of structure in the eu ) . 
  doing that the the `` never-ending stream '' would taper off naturally . 
  stop making up bullshit . 
  merkel has only ever told the truth - that there 's no legal limit for asylum seekers . 
  which is true given that it 's against international law to deny people the right to seek asylum . 
  yet instead of doing what is the only logical thing - spreading out asylum seekers to enable better and faster processing - some governments feel the need to appease voters who really do n't know enough about the issue to make informed decisions . 
  most people react emotionally rather than logically to questions involving asylum seekers . 
  reality is that many southern eu countries - especially italy and greece - have been bombarded with asylum seekers for years . 
  this is not a new phenomenon . 
  many of these countries are also struggling financially and they long ago passed the line in which they could handle the situation . 
  by law asylum seekers are supposed to be fingerprinted and apply for asylum in the first eu country they set foot in - in reality this does n't happen . 
  they just let asylum seekers go most of the time if they 're even able to find them in the first place with their limited coast guards . 
  if eu resources were pooled so the eu borders were properly monitored and all incoming asylum seekers were sent to random processing facilities across europe the amount of asylum seekers would shrink . 
  why ? 
  because not all are genuine refugees . 
  hell , even as it stands now only around half on average of people who apply for asylum in the eu get it . 
  yet it costs to take care of these people whilst their asylum claims are being processed . 
  if the eu had a lottery quota system where asylum seekers could be sent to any eu country - and were actually fingerprinted and deported back to that eu country if they tried to seek asylum elsewhere - then the amount of incoming asylum seekers would stabilise . 
  yet some countries like denmark dare to say that maintaining the status quo is the way forward . 
  serious question : can you honestly tell me your reaction is n't almost entirely emotional ? 
  have you given any thought to this at all ? 
  a binding quota is what would slow down the flows , especially if the proposed lottery system is in place ( which is what i guess would happen , and refugees do n't get to choose where to go ) . 
  it would go a long way in discouraging economic migrants posing as refugees . 
  as the situation is today southern european countries rarely process and fingerprint incoming migrants anymore since they do n't have the means to . 
  if the eu system was actually unified incoming migrants could be sent to random countries to be processed ( to be either granted or denied asylum ) . 
  using an eu-wide database of these fingerprints people illegally moving into other countries to seek asylum could be caught and deported back to the processing countries . 
  i see this system as miles better than the one we have now and it 's so so frustrating to see so many countries be vehemently against it . 
  this has nothing to do with maths , but the inevitability that asylum seekers will make their way into europe . 
  this is not a new thing and has been going on for years . 
  so what is the best way to handle this ? 
  as it is now some countries are being overloaded , either with asylum requests - like in germany and sweden - or with people needing to be processed - like in greece and italy . 
  the idea is that having a quota will lessen pressure on authorities in many countries and - if a lottery system is installed - it would lessen the amount of immigrants to begin with . 
  because that 's what people tend to forget - not all asylum seekers are granted asylum . 
  in some countries approval rates are as low as 30 % . 
  in sweden the approval rate is less than 80 % . 
  there are always economic migrants attempting to seek asylum and a lottery quota system would discourage these people . 
  there will always be people who slip through the cracks but with an organised ( and unified ) system that involved instant deportations of people registered in other eu countries the situation would eventually calm down . 
  as it is now southern european countries do n't have the money or ability to register all these migrants so simply let many of them go . 
  it 's in the best interest of all of the eu to help these countries at the entrance to the eu with the processing of these potential refugees . 
  genuine refugees - not to mention the following freeloaders - are a problematic immigrant group but dealing with the issue instead of putting our heads in the sand about it is definitely the way forward . 
  sure , building sky high walls to try to keep these immigrants out is one way to go about it ( and look at how well it 's worked for the usa and their now huge underground illegal economy ) . 
  reality is though that it 's against international law to deny people the right to claim asylum . 
  so once people are in your country you ca n't simply not allow them to claim asylum even if they may be economic migrants ( and will hopefully then be rejected ) . 
  and that law exists for a reason - so that those people who genuinely are refugees will always have a chance . 
  and the best way to find those people - who would enter europe even knowing they would be placed in a random eu country - is an eu-wide lottery quota system . 
  do you have any other alternative ? 
  or ... it could be the fact that this attack was done by 3-4 people and it 's irrelevant what national feelings are towards asylum seekers ? 
  i 'd guess that 's because bisexuality is even less accepted than homosexuality . 
  people ( both straight and gay ) have a tendency to see bisexual women as straight attention-seekers and bisexual men as gay men in denial . 
  i know some women who say they are attracted to women but would never be with a woman since they also like men . 
  i 'd guess this is quite common - if you are attracted to ( and especially have a preference for ) the opposite gender it 's much easier to simply identify as straight . 
  if you have a strong enough preference for the same gender as a bisexual person it 's also likewise much easier to just identify as gay/lesbian to be accepted as part of that community . 
  perhaps women are more likely to experiment and therefore are more secure in their sexuality ? 
  whilst men who might be bi-curious but have never been a man are n't as certain that they 're heterosexual . 
  there is no `` political scandinavia . '', 
  and the term may have its roots in geography but today it 's very much a cultural term . 
  scandinavia is really a linguistic definition more than anything and refers to the 3 nordic countries - sweden , norway , denmark - who speak mutually intelligible languages that may as well be dialects of the same language . 
  sometimes finland is ( rightly ) included in the definition - but it is then the swedish-speaking parts of finland . 
  most finns are happy a distinction exists between scandinavia and the nordic countries for this reason since `` the nordic countries '' as a culture club does n't necessitate them knowing swedish .
