actual answer : because sweden has a reputation for being more likely to grant asylum . 
  therefore more asylum seekers arrive in sweden . 
  according to international law everyone has the right to ask for asylum - sweden does n't actually `` take in '' these immigrants at all . 
  they just arrive here . 
  there is no peace process anymore . 
  both israel and palestine are aggravating the conflict . 
  putting them on an equal platform is the only way forward . 
  when you have two opposing forces with a huge power imbalance ( as the situation looks now ) you get nothing but the bigger power negotiating the terms and the smaller power either agreeing or ( as is more likely ) ignoring them completely . 
  putting everyone on a level playing field gives everyone the same rights ( and responsibilities ) under international law which is what this situation needs . 
  it does not need more of israel negotiating the terms and then being surprised when an oppressed population has no interest in negotiating with them . 
  halloumi , v\u00e4sterbotten and brie . 
  not the biggest fan of moldy cheeses - brie is the strongest i like . 
  you can get that without watching news that distorted . 
  i 'd recommend watching al jazeera ( the english version , not the arabic one which is also heavily biased ) . 
  al jazeera is great in that i 'd consider it fairly unbiased and it covers news stories western media tends not to . 
  norway 's chosen design is starting to look better in comparison . 
  it was definitely in the top 3 out of those . 
  my favourite , however , is also the kids ' drawings . 
  that one is awesome !, 
  and i much prefer the last set - also by the metric system - to the one they chose . 
  it 's very standard/traditional but there 's nothing wrong with that when it comes to banknotes !, 
  damn danes and their square flags . 
  they 're one step away from pulling a reverse england . 
  however , i do find the danes usually have the good sense to ignore their own flag rules . 
  i see the [ lengthened version of the flag ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/df/dannebrog_3.jpg ) more often than i see flags with the [ actual proportions ] ( http://i19.photobucket.com/albums/b154/spyboy1/tsg%20blog%202013/danishflag.jpg ) . 
  such an improvement !, 
  20kr is the children 's bill so it was the obvious choice to reserve that for astrid lindgren . 
   as a follow-up to its decision to introduce a new temporary residence permit for asylum seekers , the justice ministry said on tuesday that refugees fleeing civil wars like the one in syria will only be able to bring their family members into the country if their original one-year resident permit is extended under the new rules . 
  well ... yeah ... that makes sense . 
  the controversial thing here is the 1 year permit for these refugees . 
  obviously having a family reunification ( with how long that takes ) would be pointless if the whole family was then kicked out 6 months later . 
  the whole point of family reunification is to try to create a stable home environment for refugees . 
  there is no stability involved with a temporary permit so that 'd be a pointless ( and needlessly expensive ) gesture . 
  the money instead needs to be spent on the retrials for these permits . 
  yes , most countries are for a two-state solution yet do n't want to recognise palestine for precisely this reason . 
  this was the reasoning sweden was following earlier too . 
  however , the situation is n't changing and there 's no reason to believe it will change . 
  there are already bombs and unrest as it is . 
  so at this point i do n't see what can be done besides trying something different . 
  : / edit : just realised the poster above me said the exact same thing in different words . 
  we are the borg . 
  yes , add potato and you 're good to go . 
   on a serious note , the comic creator in all likelyhood chose only one of the scandinavian languages to study in the first place because they are so similar . 
  a lot of young people in sweden also want to move abroad . 
  i think young people in general want to experience new things as well so i do n't think it 's all about pessimism about a country . 
  how to attract young people has always been a challenge for smaller `` less exciting '' countries . 
  you can only hope that these young people who move abroad will eventually move back at one point , bringing their learned knowledge and experience with them . 
  it 's not that uncommon - moving abroad tends to awaken people 's nationalistic/patriotic tendencies ( at least that 's definitely the case when it comes to swedes ) . 
  today 's sweden was never invaded . 
  what is today finland was which is why finland is coloured by a russian flag on this map . 
  european borders have moved around so much that categorizing things this way is necessary . 
  that was the war the previous poster was referring to , and as has been stated it does n't really qualify as a `` successful '' invasion . 
  that was simply a war which resulted in a treaty with sweden losing finland . 
  i 'd say denmark would count back in [ 1520 , right before the events of the stockholm bloodbath . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stockholm_bloodbath ) after that sweden has n't been successfully invaded , as far as i 'm aware . 
   most halal animal killing are done on stunned animals is it though ? 
  because that was never the issue . 
  laws like this are always about using stunning and never about ritualised slaughter . 
  there are quite a lot of muslims who do not accept stunning an animal as part of halal slaughter . 
  it 's that group this law is targeting . 
  the muslims who are fine with stunning will still be able to get halal meat . 
  now we 're two people . 
  the uk has a lot of great food . 
  not terribly healthy , but great . 
  an english breakfast is the absolutely best way to start a day . 
  it 's a bit of a mystery . 
  the nordics + the baltics + the uk + ireland [ are usually lumped into northern europe . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_europe ) it seems to be primarily a geographic distinction though . 
  i guess what all these countries have in common is a certain isolation from continental europe . 
  anyone can apply for asylum . 
  it 's being granted asylum that 's difficult . 
  i know only around half the asylum seekers to sweden are actually granted asylum . 
  we get a hell of a lot of asylum seekers though from a lot of different countries - including many eu and western ones . 
  to gain asylum you have to prove you 're being personally persecuted either by the government or that the government is doing nothing to stop this persecution . 
  countries will also make general categorizations of which countries are considered `` safe '' or not . 
  it 's still possible to get asylum coming from a `` safe '' country ( for example , americans deserting their military have gained asylum in europe in the past ) but it 's far more difficult . 
  so germany had previously categorised serbia , bosnia and macedonia as `` unsafe '' states . 
  the war and ethnic violence ( perpetrated by the government ) did n't end that long ago . 
  at this point i think it 's valid to classify them as `` safe '' though . 
  no government is perfect , after all . 
  and if you can prove you 're being personally persecuted this wo n't stop your ability to apply for asylum abroad . 
  it 's also an [ actual party . 
  ] ( http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/djurens_parti ) however , it 's called djurens parti and not djurpartiet so that vote was n't counted . 
  distant cousins . 
   you 're right in that those countries feel quite familiar in some ways . 
  it 's a generalization and not true for everyone . 
   people from southern sweden tend to feel closest to danes but this does n't go for everyone either . 
  depends a bit on where on you are in sweden . 
  i 'd consider them all `` brothers '' though . 
  people stealing leaflets happens but it 's not like it 's allowed . 
  if it 's something you notice simply talk to the people in charge . 
  alternatively simply take a blank one and write the party 's name on it - [ that still counts ] ( http://www.val.se/det_svenska_valsystemet/valsedlar_och_personrostning/valsedlar/ ) . 
  so take leaflets from all the parties . 
  that 's what most people do . 
  i added the eu bit to my text since this is important . 
  it has been an idea floating around for years that the refugee burden to the eu should be evenly spread out ( following the international law that all asylum seekers have the right to a trial ) . 
  this would obviously drastically lower sweden 's refugee intake . 
  this is however not something the moderates ( or the rest of their alliance ) could ever promise since they are not in charge of eu policy . 
  we could end up with s + mp + c + fp , or v + s + mp + c. or the alliance could stick together and mp could join them making them the majority . 
  seriously , anything can happen .
