  there 's a thread about this in / r/worldnews already . 
  why the hell would anyone use rt as a serious source ? 
  hey , she came 9th !, 
  top 10 is always the result countries are aiming for . 
  you 're right that americans are n't familiar with eurovision . 
  but those who are often become familiar with it through anglophone ( read : british ) influence . 
  like the guy who wrote this article - he became familiar with the contest 10 years ago when he was living in the uk . 
  so his opinion of the contest now is n't exactly a surprise . 
  : / there certainly are british fans of the contest too , but they seem to be few and far between ... 
  british english . 
  although we were told we could use either as long as we tried not to mix them . 
  because of american popular culture you 'd think ae would be more predominant in society but british popular culture is actually pretty damn big here as well . 
  perhaps not celebrity-wise or even movie-wise but i swear that we have more british tv shows on television than american ones . 
  what he `` understood '' about eurovision is certainly not what i understand about eurovision . 
  you see a real difference in attitude towards eurovision in different countries . 
  americans tend to be influenced by the brits in their opinions ( who are notorious for mocking the contest ) . 
  in sweden the competition is immensely popular . 
  and whilst you can always see positives and negatives in any show as a fan you choose to see the positives . 
  if you 're expecting a show to be crap however you choose to see the negatives . 
  like this guy - he makes sure to highlight the entries from romania , serbia , and montenegro this year and acts like this is a perfect summary of eurovision . 
  even though those entries all did pretty badly . 
  i on the other hand would rather focus on the entries from the netherlands , norway , and italy ( all who did far better than the other mentioned songs ) . 
  that to me is eurovision . 
  a chance to discover new music i love in an entertaining song contest that unites many nations . 
  this is not nor is it supposed to be a `` representative video '' of any kind . 
  this is a joke video exaggerating stereotypes about swedes . 
  this is a joke . 
  it takes stereotypes and exaggerates them - that 's a good foundation for humour . 
  it 's only `` smug '' if you seriously think these exaggerated stereotypes are desirable . 
  for the most part i 'd say it rather makes swedes look like idiots . 
  and that 's the fun part . 
  swedes having a love for flat organisation = generally true . 
  sweden using no hierarchies on a battlefield = humour . 
  i 'll also point out that this is quite an ethno-centric mindset . 
  because you 're making the assumption that common swedish norms and values are universally desirable . 
  swedes in general tend to shy away from conflict ( as is exaggerated in this clip ) . 
  why is this such a great trait ? 
  some might argue that helping others and standing up to people is more important than not wanting to get involved . 
  some swedes ( and other nordics ) might find this clip `` smug '' but i do n't think anyone not part of the nordic culture-bubble would . 
  to them this would simply be an exaggerated version of what they invision swedish people to be like . 
  whether this is perceived in a good or bad way is n't a given . 
   french sailor guy with baguette : i fuck your mother !, 
   bj\u00f6rn : oh really . 
  that 's so good for her . 
  lmao . 
  sounds about right . 
  it was so ridiculous that this was censored in the live show . 
  apparently many broadcasters had complained to svt about it so it had to be cut . 
  yes , british english is much closer to french than french is to american english which is why it surprises me a french person would choose to learn ae instead . 
  but to each their own ... 
  a lot of haters on here i see . 
  i 'll agree that this does n't say much about equality in society as a whole since this is only one factor which there could be a variety of reasons for - but this is still well done . 
  props to turkey !, 
  well , in this case being born in sweden is a start . 
  eonir is correct that immigration is a significant part of sweden 's population growth . 
  i think [ raggare ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raggare ) comes closest to this , yes . 
  however , they 're not really the equivalent of chavs . 
  raggare is quite a unique subculture to the nordics and is most similar to the greaser subculture . 
  i know what chavs are and we have them in sweden . 
  they even dress the same . 
  we do n't have a term for them here though - they 're pretty invisible in mainstream life ( both media and otherwise ) . 
  they mostly just hang about with themselves in the suburbs . 
  i do n't think so . 
  many muslims in france are quite unintegrated - probably many of them do n't consider these `` their '' laws . 
   war is over forever and we 're entering a golden dawn of peace and prosperity which will never end . 
  i said we have nothing to fear from russia . 
  if anyone would attack sweden it would probably be a middle eastern country . 
  it 's only for our close neighbours 24/7 readiness is even required . 
  it 's a waste of money . 
  if a random middle-eastern country decided to attack sweden without warning ( which is extremely unlikely in itself ) there would be more than enough time to prepare for such an invasion . 
  sweden did n't ask nato to respond . 
  it 's nato that tries butting into situations that have nothing to do with them . 
  reality is that the only people who care about this are military enthusiasts . 
  russia would never invade sweden in modern times . 
  they 'd have no reason to . 
  if they wanted to control sweden ( for all you conspiracy theorists out there ) they could do so through more indirect means . 
  i 'd rather have people in the military be allowed holidays like everyone else than having a lowered quality of life because of other people 's paranoia . 
  military show-offs like these are part of a larger pissing contest going on between nations which i want sweden to have no part in . 
  sweden automatically `` wins '' at the end of the day by being a far better country to live in than russia . 
  if the russians feel the need to crawl around swedish airspace let them . 
  no need to go out of our way to respond to them . 
  so much this . 
  banning ideologies will always backfire . 
  then you end up creating people who view themselves as martyrs for whatever cause . 
  the police have decided this does n't violate noise pollution laws ( and since the mosque is in the middle of nowhere this is n't surprising ) . 
  so i have no problem with this . 
  i also like that they ( the mosque ) exercised restraint . 
  given that this mosque is so far removed from any residential areas they could probably have gotten away with daily calls to prayer if they had asked for it . 
  but i 'm sure they 're not ignorant of the fact that many people have issues with this so settled for a compromise . 
  i 'm an anglophile so i 'm biased . 
   however , germany is definitely an option too and is on paper the better country to live in . 
  i do think that if i 'd ever leave sweden it would be because of new job opportunities so i guess i 'll keep an open mind towards possible destinations ... 
  what this discussion is really about is whether you should allow dual citizenship . 
  there are good reasons both for and against it . 
  however , i do think it 's ridiculous when people claim it is their `` right '' to gain citizenship of any country . 
  no , it is n't . 
  citizenship comes with responsibilities and it 's up to each countries to decide what they want those responsibilities to be . 
  not sure what democracy has to do with this . 
  south africa was a democracy during apartheid and they were targeted with a shitload of sanctions . 
  these days many countries including [ iran ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sanctions_against_iranian_scientists ) is also frozen out of academic circles in many countries .
