  but it 's just a waste of time for those who want to know if there 's anything important on it ( although to be fair there probably is n't ) . 
   the black boxes have been transported to the uk after pro-russian rebels handed them to malaysian officials this week . 
  malaysian officials were like `` haha , nope '' and promptly passed on the box . 
  probably a smart decision after the criticism they got of their handling of the first crash . 
  whoever has the box is bound to be under harsh scrutiny as well and it 's in malaysia 's best interest to distance themselves as far away from this conflict as possible . 
  it 's a bit odd that they gave it to the brits and not the dutch though but the article states the info will be sent to dutch investigators as well so it 's all good . 
  this would be far more interesting to see per capita . 
  as it is now you ca n't tell if a country has more roller coasters or if it simply has a bigger population ... 
  the only thing i can tell from this is that denmark especially has a hell of a lot . 
  and finland too . 
  and turkey has relatively few . 
  because there are often many types of taxis per country and showing more than two pics per country would be overdoing it ? 
  s/he showed the most common types and that 's enough really . 
  exactly this . 
  people are very fickle . 
  it 's why it 's right to have such strict rules as we do . 
  secession should always be a last resort . 
  if any local government could simply claim independence whenever they wished it we 'd have a global geopolitical ( and economic ) disaster on our hands . 
  stability is always what 's best for everyone . 
  the timing of this ( with the economic downturn ) is very suspect . 
  only if catalans can prove over time ( both in sickness and in health :d ) that they want to and are able to function on their own should a secession be considered . 
  well , there 's never a bad time to play that song . 
  not exactly mutually exclusive . 
  unless they know someone in denmark ( who is also able/willing to host all 11 of them ) this is very likely to turn into an `` lost indians '' scenario . 
  because deciding to stay in the eu is one thing - actually being able to survive ( or being able to actually get out of denmark if that 's the plan ) is something else entirely . 
  i 'm against quotas in general but the political arena is an exception . 
  because gender , social class , ethnicity , etc is a part of your qualifications as a politician . 
  because politicians should be representative of the people . 
  there 's an enormous tendency for politicians to give jobs to friends too . 
  also , some people on here do n't seem to understand how gender quotas work . 
  very rarely do they mean that lesser qualified people get the job . 
  what they mean is that amongst two equally qualified people the woman/man ( depending on the workplace ) will get the job ( the argument being that their gender is an extra qualification in itself in adding diversity to the workplace ) . 
  i do n't agree with this logic in business since i think it 's irrelevant . 
  in politics there is definitely value in this though . 
  awesome . 
  :d now / r/finland is the most comprehensive of all the subs . 
  :d i 'll try to contact to mods on / r/sweden to see if that can be changed too to make this a bit less of a clusterfuck . 
  but yeah , the explanation for that is that the links in / r/sweden are in english . 
  why they link to / r/suomi instead of / r/finland i have no idea about though . 
  maybe to showcase the finnish language ? 
  it 's not like it makes a huge difference because / r/suomi links to / r/finland so it 's easy for casual browsers to navigate . 
  but yeah , it 's a bit of a clusterfuck to say the least . 
  but i still support the idea of it . 
  it 's really interesting to navigate around central european countries like this ( since i do n't know much about them ) . 
  so it 'd be fun if / r/finland joined as well . 
  :d it 's not a huge issue though . 
  as you say you do link to / r/nordiccountries and they link on to the country subreddits so in a roundabout way you can navigate to them . 
  yeah , it 's a bit weird . 
  how i understand it though / r/finland is an english-speaking subreddit and / r/suomi is a finnish-speaking one . 
  / r/sweden on the other hand is for both english and swedish ( with a majority of comments in swedish ) . 
  it 's why the links are in english though . 
  and what / r/sweden might be thinking is that / r/suomi is the website for locals . 
  i do think they should link to / r/finland as well though but i 'm no mod . 
  norway also has both an english-speaking and norwegian-speaking ( / r/norge ) subreddit . 
  but then / r/sweden links to the english-speaking one so it 's not very consistent ... maybe i should write to the mods about it ...  should i add a '' / r/sweden '' link that links to / r/norway and vice versa ? 
  that would be a nice trolling attempt . 
  :d but i really doubt the sweden/finland situation is supposed to be humorous - i think it 's just an issue of finland having two subreddits and them not knowing which one to link to . 
  since sweden only has one you could simply link to / r/sweden . 
  / r/suomi no doubt named it / r/ruotsi because the sub is in finnish . 
  but / r/finland is in english so / r/norway and / r/sweden would be the way to go . 
  [ i pictured you more finnish . 
  ] ( https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-dtpq20p03qy/txi3ielmd-i/aaaaaaaaaeo/p455khaf9js/s1600/rimg1986.jpg )  self-proclaimed hipsters right there . 
  in / r/finland even the hipsters are bleak . 
  because all the other nordic countries do ( even iceland who is not in this graph ) . 
  do you want to be a hipster subreddit ? 
  because that 's how you get labelled a hipster subreddit . 
   although seriously , the argument is that small subreddits have a better chance if being seen if they 're organised together . 
  also , so casual viewers will have an easy time browsing . 
  it might seem obvious what countries are neighbours with who ( and who they have close relationships with ) but this is certainly not the case for many people , especially non-europeans . 
  so this ends up being an * interesting * thing as well ( which is personally why i support it ) . 
  it 's such an easy thing to add and i do n't see how it would affect any sub negatively ? 
  people are n't uncomfortable with veils in western countries though considering it was only a few decades ago that they were commonplace here too . 
  niqabs and burkas really should n't be worn in western countries for this reason though since to us they are unsettling . 
  i see nothing wrong with this . 
  in some countries wearing a veil is the norm and they get uncomfortable when women are n't wearing them ( the same way many cultures get uncomfortable around nudity ) . 
  wearing a veil when visiting these places is showing respect for local customs . 
  i 'm not a fan of such things being part of law but it 's definitely something that visitors/immigrants should respect . 
  when it comes to the niqab i think it should be banned solely for security reasons though . 
  also , more generally , people can refer to smaller towns as a a h\u00e5la ( hole ) . 
  this because these places are boring and people just want to get the hell out of there . 
  i ca n't be mad at him though . 
  it 's not like he 's doing this for fun . 
  it 's obvious that he genuinely believes he 's being set up . 
  i just wish there was a way to break this stalemate because it passed the point of being ridiculous a long time ago . 
  your issue is that you 're using your age group to generalise the entire population . 
  german was the non-swedish lingua franca in sweden before english . 
  and english only started becoming really big in the 60 's . 
   and now they 're going to pretty much double the number of refugees in one year ? 
  i do n't think you realise how seeking asylum works . 
  very few refugees are relocated to sweden . 
  most simply arrive . 
  there 's really no choice involved . 
  it is much easier to illegally get to sweden than the usa from iraq ... 
  what arguments ? 
  these are studies they 've done . 
  and we 've done no such studies and are basing our opinions on stereotypes . 
  there are no logical fallacies at play here . 
  if you want to read up on their methodology the link to it is posted in a pdf somewhere in this comment section . 
  of course it is . 
  our opinions are based on nothing more than anecdotal evidence and stereotypes .
