  but i 'll avoid that for now . 
  what else i know : * very strong it sector * better than finland at wife-carrying * same national anthem melody as finland * a good example of successful austerity * lots of swedish banks involved in estonia * large russian-speaking minority * the old town of tallinn is a unesco world heritage site * they have one of the lowest public debts in the world * finns go there on booze-cruises * their christmas celebration is very similar to the swedish one * they 're revolutionizing the digital lifestyle ( e-estonia ), 
  as long as you mix up the capital names and have [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xkeyfkb9pw ) as your national anthem . 
  screw the haters , this song is awesome !, 
  well , you should n't feel * good * about it . 
  it 's not like anyone likes their country being occupied . 
  the point is that for latvians it could have been a lot worse for them at this point in history - as a very small nation lacking military power they were bound to be occupied by some nation or other ( as they have been for most of their history ) . 
  if you 're an idealist you could feel bad about the idea of it but if you 're a realist i think indifference is a more appropriate emotion . 
  swedish occupation in the baltic countries was relatively harmless in the end . 
  unlike sweden 's occupations elsewhere ( sk\u00e5ne for example ) . 
  there we 're talking genocide and forced assimilation so if you feel the need to feel bad about any of sweden 's historical actions you can start there . 
   mumintroll it 's always funny when people confuse the mumins as swedish since they 're seen as such a quintessentially finnish thing in sweden . 
   your movies are sad , like russian , but much tamer . 
  [ relevant comic . 
  ] ( http://satwcomic.com/funny-movie ), 
   better than finland \u0ca0_\u0ca0 what 's with the anti-finnish circlejerk in this thread ? 
  no , they would . 
  pessimism and downplaying your success seems to be an extremely finnish trait . 
  there are definitely historic reasons behind this . 
  when the news came out that finland 's students scored top 3 in the world whilst the rest of the nordics scored average at best finns somehow managed to turn this into a negative . 
  this type of pessimism is prevalent in the nordics but it seems to be more extreme in finland . 
  swedes come off as extremely arrogant in comparison . 
  which to be fair did work in leading to people to not blaming the police ( which is relevant considering the fact that people used anger at the police as an excuse to start rioting ) . 
  you 'd be hard-pressed to find anyone who sympathises with the london rioters . 
  the main problem with the london riots though was that it was not a victimless situation . 
  when people started dying that should have been a hint a harsher response was necessary . 
  looting and breaking into people 's homes is extremely serious . 
  these kids in stockholm are simply vandalizing , burning cars , and standing around shouting at the police . 
  leaving them alone simply makes them look bad . 
  minor property damage is immaterial in the long-run so i think the police response works for this . 
  i think the london riots on the other hand needed a stronger police response once it had escalated into civilians being in danger . 
  have you visited any / r/worldnews threads about this story ? 
  they clearly blame this on muslims . 
  i have a hard time believing unrest at this scale ( with around ~ 50 participants ) would be so newsworthy if people did n't think they could blame it on muslims , somehow . 
  there 's no doubt a lot of truth to the fact that going in with guns blazing is n't the solution to every problem . 
  the police 's priority is to protect civilians and to establish trust amongst the people living in these suburbs ( which can have up to 80 % being immigrants , many who come from countries with very abusive police ) . 
  a very small number of these people are actually a part of the unrest , you realise . 
  there is a couple of dozen people `` rioting '' at most - most who are teenagers with criminal records . 
  people are being arrested if caught doing serious crimes ( like arson ) but if they 're just being general nuisances they 're left alone . 
  everyone living in these suburbs can therefore see who the root cause of the problem is and that although these kids yell that they 're doing this because of `` police brutality '' and `` police harassment '' there 's little evidence to back their allegations up . 
  there 's a huge backlash amongst the local population towards these rioters which i would say is the most effective way of dealing with them in the long-term . 
  it 's not like it 's all black and white though . 
  there are valid reasons for supporting a harsher police response , the most important of which is so the people of these suburbs feel safe . 
  but since they 're basically just vandalizing and not targeting any people i 'd say this response is the best for now . 
  that 's implying the police are taking a pro-active stance against the rioters . 
  they 've arrested a few people but for the most part they 're only there to protect civilians and are n't actually getting involved too much . 
  the logic being that them getting involved would make things worse since these kids have an extremely strong anti-police culture . 
  they 're just posting police around and waiting for things to fizzle out on their own ... that 's how these things usually go . 
  unrest like this in the suburbs happens from time to time and is n't as uncommon in sweden as some people seem to believe . 
  not sure why international media seems to be so interested in it this time around - i guess because there 's a general anti-muslim craze going on what with the boston bombings and london beheading ? 
  that must be it ... 
  is n't that the point though ? 
  like i said the vast majority of countries have language academies . 
  and they have a job that they do and they do their own thing . 
  but the academie francaise seems to love getting involved where it does n't belong . 
  how does it at all impact the french language if there are some english-language courses at university ? 
  i 'd say he 's simply known by his last name in sweden . 
  i could n't have only half a name though and i 'm more historically inclined than most and i could have sworn his first name was gustaf . 
  i 've read that name somewhere , anyway . 
  but hey , my list definitely is n't 100 % correct so i 'll just accept that as another mistake . 
  wow ... it 's only when you consider it that you realise how bad you are at it ... 
  i will attempt at the nordics : ** denmark ** pia kjeersgaard ( ? ), 
  i somewhat remember some of their eurovision entrants . 
  johanna something-dottir and that jonsi guy . 
  close enough !, 
  most countries have languages academies but i 've yet to meet a country that ( at least seems to ) take theirs as seriously as france does . 
  seriously , how much power does academie francaise actually have ? 
  many countries have university courses at a higher level in english . 
  not only for international students either - if that was the case pouria amirshahi may be right in that it sends the wrong message to potential french-learners . 
  why learn french to study in france when you can learn english and study in france ? 
  even though this is a bit of a self-absorbed opinion i can understand it . 
  but that 's not the only reason for having english-language courses - a huge reason behind it is for french students to have the ability to do some of their studies in english . 
  this is done in many courses in sweden for topics where international communication is key ( economics , it , business , etc ) . 
  unless they 're up for sitting around until the english-speaking world speaks french they may as well do themselves a favour and give themselves a head-start in the work market by making themselves more appealing . 
  having a bilingual education in their field of study will do this . 
  that is the reason to support it . 
  sd have been trying for ages to claim they 're not a populist party though , since populist parties have a bad reputation . 
  but yes , it would probably help their voting numbers . 
  i 'd be unlikely to vote for them even then though because there are other things i care about in life besides immigration . 
  which is the problem with voting for any populist party . 
  given that the moderates have been taking a more hardline stance against asylum seekers now ( which is basically the only time i think sweden 's immigration policies fail ) i 'm basically set . 
  sd would be wise to try to attract more s voters though . 
  i 've always found it interesting that they have such centre-right economic policies when you 're far more likely to have an anti-immigrant stance if you live in the half of the country with the lower economic income ( who are far more likely to vote for the social democrats ) . 
  i realise that 's a bit of a generalisation but bear with me . 
  i do n't think it is even in sweden . 
  for the most part . 
  i 've yet to see someone view an adopted person as not-swedish even if they 're not white . 
  i 'd say that it 's culture ( including names ) people tie to swedishness , not appearance . 
  which obviously does n't help things if this is `` the multicultural centre . '', 
  in short in sweden people have a problem making a distinction between nationality and ethnicity - a problem i think exists in all nation-states . 
  in the uk you have the ability to make a distinction between being british and being english/scottish/welsh / northern irish . 
  how many early descendants of immigrants in london called themselves english ? 
  i would guess it would have been more common for them to identify as british . 
  yes , this group is probably the largest . 
  you see quite a few people move from voting for the social democrats to the sweden democrats but this group could be far bigger than it currently is . 
  reality is that aside from these people 's heavily anti-immigrant stance the sweden democrats has little to offer them that the social democrats would . 
  given that i 'm ( usually ) a moderate myself it 's primarily their views on women ( or rather , on `` traditional gender roles '' ) and homosexuals that is why they 're off the table for me . 
  sd has done some good though by existing in that immigration is more talked about now . 
  no , aftonbladet and expressen are tabloids and are certainly nearly as bad as rt if you 're looking for news . 
  this is true .
