  it 's so frustrating that the eu ca n't present a united front in this . 
  that 's where you draw the line ? 
  turkey is legit partially in europe geographically . 
  kazakhstan on the other hand ... 
  there are definitions that include kazakhstan in europe but it 's rarely used so that took me aback a bit . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  the only thing i can imagine being similar is not seeing the euro as an achievement ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  actually , no , just because someone likes the ideals of marxism does n't make them a `` marxist extremist . '', 
  the fact that he 's a labour supporter shows he can compromise on his views which is not the sign of an extremist at all . 
  alternatively he had a psychotic break because he 's mentally ill . 
  which i think is far more likely given the circumstances . 
  this could still be rooted in some form of perceived injustice but mental illness can warp a person 's sense of reason . 
  sounds like a crazy person to me . 
  with impromptu attacks like this mental illness seems most likely . 
  this reminds me more of the swedish-twins-on-motorway debacle than anything else . 
  plenty of broadcasters choose an entry , no competition involved . 
  it was nowhere near winning with the televote or with the jury . 
  they even came after robin in the televote . 
  so this song clearly did not resonate as well with the swedish public . 
  watch this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6qst8qp9ck , 
  you do n't live in the entirety of a country either , so that 's an odd argument to make . 
  social expectations are a thing . 
  i know i would n't go anywhere near make-up if i was n't expected to wear it . 
  it takes a far stronger person than me to go against social norms every day , and therefore be seen as less attractive , etc. 
  :d another example is the welsh singer jon lilygreen representing cyprus in 2010 . 
  people do n't actually realise how often this occurs if they do n't follow eurovision since you often assume people are from the countries they 're representing . 
  sporting rules apply in eurovision . 
  if we 're going to look at citizenship and residence of competitors helena paparizou is only the tip of the iceberg . 
  at least she 's actually lived in greece and has ties to greece . 
  swedish ( and other ) singers have flat out represented completely random countries before . 
  like the swedish singer sahlene representing estonia in 2002 for no real reason - they just called her up and asked . 
  it 's less of a budget issue and more of an organisation issue . 
  the ukrainian broadcaster has had recent problems with people being fired or resigning . 
  at one point people were wondering if the show would have to switch countries like with brazil and the olympics , but they 've pulled things together . 
  may not be the best show ever but it 's decent . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_cross_flag in short because they 're all inspired by each other . 
  denmark was first then everyone else took up a similar flag . 
  it 's said the danish king saw this flag in the sky during the [ crusades ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_lyndanisse ) and took it as a message from god ( the cross representing christianity ) . 
   we do n't adopt your policys yep , and i do n't get why . 
  finland should be the obvious source of inspiration for sweden . 
  i hope they actually are taking notes and that it simply has n't given results ( yet ) . 
  happy independence day !, 
  this is just one of those stories that defies reason ... 
  i mean , why would you do this ? 
  i hope they end up in jail for a long time since there is no possible justification for this . 
  strawman argument . 
  i did n't say their crime is worse - only that their justification is . 
  and why ? 
  because at least an anarchist is fighting for something tangible . 
  compare a person who murders for revenge and one who murders because the voice of god told them to - the crime itself is n't worse but the justification for the latter is certainly more fucked up . 
  people were always going to troll that question . 
  odd then that the countries which have/had such laws had the age of consent older for homosexuals ... , 
  i 'm interested in knowing this too to practice my french . 
  hope they face plenty of jail time for this . 
  people who use religious justifications for their bigotry are the worst . 
  the caucasus region ( azerbaijan , armenia , georgia ) is considered to be the place where europe meets asia . 
  with iran definitely being in asia and ( western ) russia definitely being in europe . 
  whether you consider the caucasus countries european or asian though really depends on who you ask . 
  in reality they are eurasian and are lumped into both continents depending on circumstance . 
  from [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boundaries_between_continents#europe_and_asia ) :  `` the council of europe includes the eurasian countries of russia and turkey , as well as armenia , azerbaijan , georgia , and cyprus . 
  it notes that although armenia , azerbaijan , and georgia are geographically asian , they are politically integrated into the european sphere . 
  although not a member , the eurasian kazakhstan is granted the right to request membership . '', 
  given that kazakhstan is also listed as part of europe for this survey ( which is rarer ) implies that they 're using the council of europe 's definition of europe . 
  i also voted for belarus . 
  i do n't dislike the people/landscape/etc of any country so picking the country whose government i 'm most critical of made sense . 
  i hope others vote for this question somewhat seriously too so we do n't end up with a completely random winner ... 
  i wonder if an asylum ban is unconstitutional . 
  it probably is ... since there can always be at least some people from those countries with legitimate asylum claims . 
  but fake asylum claims from the balkans are indeed a huge financial drain on the system . 
  so i do n't know how i feel about this . 
  but the eu did n't . 
  the eu is an organisation - it does n't represent all national policies present in europe . 
  really ? 
  because i do n't see that logic at all . 
  what on earth does your view on immigration have to do with what a random person does ? 
  i do n't change my view on gay marriage if a gay person robs me . 
  only a person who was racist in the first place would react in such a way . 
  and some people on here overestimate how racist people are in general . 
  the vast majority of people will see this report and go `` fuck that guy '' and not use this to judge all immigrants in the country . 
  as for immigration the overrepresentation of immigrants ( and their descendants ) in crime stats adds up and can no doubt add to an anti-immigrant sentiment but this has nothing to do with racism . 
  using this guy as an excuse to be a racist and judge a whole group of people because of their skin colour is hardly comparable to wanting to lower immigration rates due to integration problems . 
  especially since one person is at the end of the day irrelevant statistically . 
  attacking all immigrants or non-white people because of the actions of one guy is hate-mongering no matter how you spin it . 
  it has nothing to do with being leaned on or coerced by the usa - which is what the op and most posters are implying . 
  who the egyptian government decide to work with is their business - the usa and egypt were of course close allies at the time . 
  it 's not unusual to bring in a third party to help with deportations . 
  but as chive noticed the swedish government after this went the extra step of forbidding all cooperation with the usa when it came to deportations since they were deemed to be complicit in the torture . 
  sweden however still cooperate with a variety of countries ( including our neighbours ) to repatriate failed asylum seekers . 
  i 'll keep reposting this day and night until people stop quoting this case . 
  you 'll also notice that it 's always this case since this is in fact the only time in modern history sweden has violated a deportation or extradition guideline . 
   this has nothing to do with the usa . 
  the egyptians were failed asylum seekers who were being deported back to egypt . 
  usually a standard practice but in this case they were thought to have al qaida links - given that this was right after 9/11 the cia ended up getting involved in cooperation with the egyptian government . 
  sweden does not allow deportation if the people involved would be likely to be subjected to torture - the swedish government received a written promise from the egyptians saying torture would n't occur but it was later determined it should have been obvious that this was not a trustworthy promise . 
  this story caused a huge storm in sweden and the men were later awarded compensation . 
  the woman who was ultimately at fault for this ( our foreign minister ) was murdered though so no one really ended up being held accountable . 
  i 'm sure she would have if she 'd lived though - the government has a good history of holding such people accountable for any wrongdoings . 
  point is that sweden violated the torture ban in this case - the only time we ever have . 
  the usa does not factor into this ( aside from the disturbing fact that they use torture techniques abroad ) . 
  in fact this case has few similarities with the assange case no matter how you look at it ( including the fact that extradition is nothing like deportation - it involves completely different government bodies including the supreme court ) .
