  it is in the sense that it 's handled internally through this organisation = the place is n't marketed as a summer camp . 
  i had never heard of it before this article . 
  ever hear of google translate ? 
  i think it 's extremely interesting to follow chinese social media to see what they find interesting . 
  why would chinese people search for euphemisms for immigration to sweden , let alone immigration at all ? 
  what 's big in chinese social media is environmental issues which is why the swedish import of trash is a story so often circulated . 
  i 've seen it pop up several times on the chinese social media site weibo . 
  it 's big international news how much trash we import and something that pops up in social media ( such as / r/til ) all the time . 
  so it 's not surprising that this is something a lot of people would know about . 
  uninhabitable might be a bit of a stretch . 
  it 'd give us a colder canadian-like climate which would be off-set a bit by increasing global mean temperatures . 
  parts of the far north in norrland may become too cold to live in though . 
  but yes , it 's a definite possibility and that would bring about a different set of problems , especially when it comes to our agricultural industry . 
  but i still say the bigger issue is how climate change affects us indirectly because that ** will ** happen , regardless of how the climate changes more locally for us . 
  yes , it would damage the tourism industry up north . 
  but the higher temperatures would open up for increased agricultural opportunities up north instead . 
  looking only at sweden ( or finland ) climate change does n't appear to have a devastating impact , especially since we have the funds to deal with increased flooding , forest fires and other smaller scale issues . 
  essentially what we 'd see is the moving of the climate regions further north . 
  this is more of a concern for southern europe since what risks becoming a desert-climate holds few opportunities . 
  few people live in sweden/finland in the far north where the climate is inhospitable whilst the large populations in already dry areas in southern europe are at risk . 
  which of course affects everyone . 
  and this is only mentioning the eu which is richer than the majority of the world and actually has the funds to mitigate against climate related issues , unlike other places which will be far worse off . 
  especially since , relatively speaking , it will do less direct `` damage '' in sweden compared to other countries . 
  but in the eu as a whole climate change is set to have quite an impact , especially in the south . 
  of course , this is also going to impact the eu indirectly when the amount of climate refugees increases . 
  something it seems the average person would care about going by this poll . 
  so clearly more information to the general public is needed of why we should care about climate change not only in our own countries but around the world . 
   why else would he go through all this bullshit ? 
  paranoia will do that to a person . 
  if he did n't do it it would seem he legitimately believes he 's being set up . 
  either he believes what he did does n't equate to rape ( and sweden does have very different rape laws compared to australia ) or the women he was with made shit up because they were pissed at him . 
  it does seem they have disappeared into the background but without them straight up telling the police they made things up the police have to continue with their enquiry . 
  point is , there could be many things behind this which we can speculate about but it 's so frustrating to see this situation at a standstill . 
  working under the assumption that assange is innocent as well he certainly does n't deserve what is effectively already a prison sentence , as you say . 
  this is true in my experience . 
  i guess for many people denmark would be our least favourite because of a process of elimination ( and because it 's a common joke ) . 
  luckily we get along well with all our neighbours though so it 's a bit of an odd question . 
  it 's not difficult to imagine though . 
  if a dub is well done someone can actually just watch a film and be able to take in the visuals without reading subtitles . 
  just look at how many great films are ignored in english-speaking countries because so many people do not want to read subtitles - why would this be different in other countries ? 
  no , if you do n't need the subtitles you learn to tune them out . 
  if you watch a comedy in sweden you 'll notice that people will laugh when a funny line is delivered , even when more often than not the joke is written out in the subtitles much earlier . 
  fingerprints . 
  taking dna tests would be too expensive . 
  that 's the reason they 're offering this cash too - it 's cheaper to pay up front than to process people . 
  and sure , if you want your holiday to last for 1 + years . 
  a decent amount have left already without money due to the insanely long waiting times in place . 
  i know people who are in the country legally who have waited that long and are still waiting to get their permits reapproved since the backlog is keeping normal processing at a stand-still . 
  what are you basing this on ? 
  finland usually ranks around denmark in most rankings pertaining to economic strength and growth . 
  finland also makes twice as much from exports as the [ uk per capita ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_exports_per_capita ) . 
  and in [ this report ] ( http://reports.weforum.org/global-competitiveness-report-2014-2015/rankings/ ) finland beats all aforementioned countries when it comes to competitiveness . 
  and yes , different reports show different things but the point is that it 's generally accepted that all these countries really circle around each other when it comes to economic growth and progress , not that finland is some outlier in the region . 
  yeah , the exclusion of finland really cements this . 
  i mean , wtf ? 
  meh , i 'm one of them . 
  a common currency without federalisation has never made much sense since an economic policy that works positively somewhere will not work as positively somewhere else . 
  with our own currency we have less stability in times of peace but more leeway in finding a way to deal in times of recession . 
  yes paneer is delicious . 
  halloumi is my fave though . 
  you were our eu-vote buddies . 
  :( i 'd call our political and social relationship more than decent even though we 're not technically neighbours . 
  ... what ? 
  your own country ignored a referendum recently about a trade deal with ukraine . 
  many if not most referendums are non-binding including the brexit vote . 
  they 're used to get a sense of public opinion but the government can just choose to ignore the result if they feel it 's not in the best interest of the people . 
  the strength of a representative democracy is that you have experts in the system who study these policies and how they work - it literally is a full-time job . 
  a direct democracy is rarely ever practical because the average person truly does n't have the time or ability to get the insight that experts have . 
  it 's not like the uk lives in a bubble either and this vote has negatively impacted the rest of europe as well . 
  so it 's hardly surprising to see so many people upset or angry . 
  i know someone whose small business will be hugely affected by this since they export a lot to the uk and someone whose future work plans are now uncertain because they 'd planned a move to the uk . 
  probably ? 
  definitely . 
  the uk and sweden have often teamed up in the eu and now sweden will have more difficulty getting our opinions heard . 
  exactly that - it 'd be symbolic . 
  and if it would have to lead to change then countries would n't vote for it for the reasons you mention . 
  i 'd be very surprised if this meant stuff would n't be translated into english . 
  just that technically english would no longer be an official language in the union . 
  it really depends on where people live in these different countries . 
  maybe that might be true politically though ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i guess for sweden we 're politically closest to finland out of the nordics since we joined the eu together and are planning to join ( or not join ) nato together because of how it would impact both nations . 
  maybe norway and denmark have a similar close relationship politically ? 
  for individuals this definitely is n't always true though . 
  southern swedes and eastern danes are basically besties from what i can tell . 
  definitely this . 
  it 's amazing how so many people are n't seeing their own confirmation bias . 
  goes to show how many people are actual sheep who you ca n't have proper discussions with . 
  what do you think a hijab is ? 
  it 's part of dressing modestly in a lot of cultures . 
  yeah , people in sweden care because he 's well-known ( and popular ) , but this really is n't worthy of being international news especially since he 's not even the current minister of finance . 
  if i was in finland i would use these exclusively . 
  you have a different definition of `` clearly sexual '' than i do . 
  there is no sex happening in this picture , and no sexual organs are shown . 
  this is as much `` pornography '' as advertisements [ like this ] ( http://www.bandt.com.au/information/uploads/2015/08/campaigns_mario_testino_dolce_and_gabbana_2_pink-1260x840.jpg ) . 
  your score : 60 % ( 24 points out of 40 ) that was tough !, 
  the questions concerning different people , which were a majority of the questions , were the most difficult . 
  yes ? 
  most of them , this is one of the few exceptions . 
  i 'm not even mad .
