i am really proud of poland 's progress at the moment and excited to see what happens in the future . 
  you guys already have great growth and a new but thriving democracy . 
  many people will think `` so what ? 
  i 'm not a jew ? '' . 
  tbh , jews now have israel and america , and so we 're pretty fucking alright when it comes to exit strategies . 
  the people who should be worried are europeans . 
  what does it say about your societies that anti-semitism is a problem , again ? 
  yeah , but there 's no reason to be retarded assholes either . 
  what we should do is increase foreign aid and help develop africa , and also have decently strict immigration quotas . 
  at some point africa will get to the point where people do n't need to immigrate , and where people wo n't need to risk their lives to get to europe . 
  also , we can more than afford to provide aid to africa . 
  thx bra & nbsp ; edit : please do n't burn me . 
  my healthcare does not cover it, 
  banning holocaust denial  allowing little girl rapers to run around because we would n't want to upset people, 
  the only place arabs are not bombed is israel , where they serve in universities , the parliament , and in the army . 
  move to syria . 
  close enough, 
  just as retarded . 
  deport the arsonists , keep the refugees ( well not the crazy islamist ones ), 
  if you replace the word `` christians '' with `` jews '' in that sentence , you would be representing the views of like half the left in europe . 
  i think rotherdam is even better this time of year / s. 
  that 's a great rule . 
  good thing being a stupid motherfucker is not a culture :d, 
  shithead islamists should be sent to a place where they can properly appreciate their work . 
  youre welcome, 
  the us has a long history of trying to influence regime change in countries , sadly , and has done so all over the world . 
  why is it that latin american countries who were affected now have stable democracies , south korea and japan are first - world countries , and iraq and syria are now dominated by jihadis ? 
  it appears as if you 're arguing that the only opposition to socialists were sunni radicals . 
  is n't that kinda fucked up when your two options are either a north korea government , or isis ? 
  why did no other countries that america influenced and undermimed turn into shitholes besides those in the middle east ? 
  & nbsp ; the us may have tried to arm moderate rebels and ended up arming some people who went over to isis , but the us can not create crazy genocidal psychopaths out of thin air . 
  the region is a sexist , racist , genocidal , homophobic mess , as shown by the fact that the guy the rebels are fighting against has gassed civillians in mass . 
  & nbsp ; the us can never win . 
  they arm moderates , and accidentally arm crazies ( btw , they wouldve found a way to get arms anyway ) , and they get blamed , and if they had done nothing while assad had gassed his own people they would have gotten blamed too !, 
  & nbsp ;  http://www.globalresearch.ca/syria-s-uprising-in.../29221 & nbsp ; this is a russian propoganda mouthpiece : /, 
  you 're confusing regular turks with insane racist ones :p, 
  shoulda whipped it out ... 
  the chinese government is actually brutally oppressing uyghurs . 
  the fact is those , these `` nationalists '' are racist assholes . 
   if there is any policy that has contributed towards an increase in extremism it has been the policy of interventionism and disrupting the established order in the middle east . 
  & nbsp ; `` if there is any policy that has contributed to the rise of nazism it 's the harsh terms imposed by versallies . '', 
  & nbsp ; oh excuse me , it appears i have gotten the pages in my racism apoligism book mixed up . 
  saddam hussein was committing genocide and horrible horrible atrocities before he was removed , and many conflicts like yemen and egypt can not be blamed on the west . 
  & nbsp ; stop the apoligism . 
  isis is the result of extreme and crazy attitudes in the region , not because of america . 
  yeah i was going to say the guardian probably dislikes jews more than white europeans . 
  eh , it 's more vicious than that tbh . 
  otherwise they would n't be doing things like defending isis and engaging in holocaust denial . 
  no , not really . 
  nazi germany was a result of the harsh and ridiculous conditions of versallies , but you wo n't hear anyone blaming the holocaust on america and the uk . 
  libyans and syrians and iraqis are not children , the extremism and crazyness there is a byproduct of the government propoganda they 've had and of the culture , just like it was in nazi germany , just like it was in the 60 's us south . 
  he supported the khmer rouge , and is the perfect shill for the sudan-pakistan allied countries who blame israel for life 's troubles . 
  chomsky literally was an apoligist for the khmer rouge . 
  his shilling and intellectual stupidity and laziness has no end . 
  rip, 
  nooo haha . 
  my point is that the us did not have a particular problem with the catholic church scandal , while the uk does have a problem with ignoring rapes when committed by muslims . 
  i 'd argue it 's the uk authorities that were islamiphobic . 
  they thought that the pakistani community would be angered if they arrested rapists ? 
  really ? 
  i went to school with a lot of pakistani students , in america , and never did i think of them as rapists . 
  & nbsp ; i use rotherdam to show how europe has caved to the extremists , not as an argument for `` muslems r bed '' & nbsp ; as far as the accusation of bigotry , if you knew me in real life you would definitely know that this was the opposite from true . 
  earlier this year i was talking to a student after a political debate who refused to tell me where he was from because he thought i would hate it :p . i eventually got him to tell me he was from afganistan , to which i replied that i definitely did n't hate afganistan , and i gave him my contact info along with that of the club . 
  & nbsp ; part of the reason i 'm so against extremists is because i know most muslims are n't like that :p, 
  catholic church scandals happened in every country in which it existed , sadly . 
  also , steubenville was horrible , but it was 1 victim , not 1400 ( plus however many havent been discovered yet ), 
  being a dog for israel  being a dog for radical islamists and horrible genocidal regimes . 
  & nbsp ; just saying , rotherdam wo n't happen in the us , 
  suck it bigoted europeans ( not talking to all of you < 3 ), 
  wow ... 
  he was kidding , but yes , poland is free now too . 
  and if those russians invade we 'll help you fight them, 
  heh the uk is going to say a version of this someday ... 
  did the northern countries ( sweden , norway , finland ) have anti-semitic movements ? 
  or spain ? 
  i also doubt the balkans did , but fuuck that idea . 
  i think i 'd do pretty well compared to most europeans too . 
  i 'll go ahead and copy what i wrote before : & nbsp ; if it makes a difference , i am a very geographically educated young jewish american who came into this thread kind of thinking that poles did n't like the jews in general and that most were ambivalent about the slaughter of them ( and treated the survivors poorly afterward ) , but i 've really had my eyes opened by this thread , and will defend poland the next time the holocaust comes up . 
  so there are positive things being done here . 
  & nbsp ; sorry about the whole perceptions-being-incorrect thing happening again to you guys , as it does often , but i think it is worth mentioning that things are starting to correct themselves . 
  i first learned about holodomor about a year ago , and since then not only have i talked about it as a genocide with people but i 've also heard loooots of people express the ( in my opinion correct ) view that stalin could give hitler a run for his money when it comes to being an evil cunt . 
  if it makes a difference , i am a very geographically educated young jewish american who came into this thread kind of thinking that poles did n't like the jews in general and that most were ambivalent about the slaughter of them ( and treated the survivors poorly afterward ) , but i 've really had my eyes opened by this thread , and will defend poland the next time the holocaust comes up . 
  so there are positive things being done here . 
  sadly , honestly , this is the kind of language that flies with left-wing college students today . 
  how else is criticism of middle eastern countries ( and isis ) racist and islamiphobic but calling for the destruction of israel is n't ? 
  there are people living in a world in which only white europeans ( and semitic jews ) can do wrong , and they are likely to completely agree with the turkish government here . 
  true , but how sympathetic would you be if he joined a genocide group ? 
  i understand him being anti-american , and stories like that make me angry at my country , but that does not justify him joining isis, 
  after world war 2 , germans were starved , collectively punished , and humiliated by the allies that beat them . 
  are you sympathetic to germans who joined the nazis because of this ? 
  & nbsp ; all of you ( and by you i mean europeans ) should know better . 
  racist attacks are still not ok . 
  i hope you get this indignant when people say that white people are n't native to the united states . 
  as an american jew , i see a few sides of this ... & nbsp ; not only does poland have the highest number of `` righteous among the nations '' members ( europeans who put themselves in direct danger to aid jews ) but millions of poles were also sent to the death camps and murdered for being polish , and they suffered just like we did ( and this is n't even mentioning the soviet crimes , which were often times just as bad ) . 
  also , the whole reason there were so many jews in poland is because poland was a safe space for jews for years . 
  & nbsp ; i also would be super pissed if i was polish if i heard people acting like the camps were polish when in reality it was poles suffering in them . 
  that said , it 's pretty weird that they 're literally throwing people * in jail * for using the wrong phrase ... and to be honest it sort of seems like certain parts of polish society may not want to admit that there was huge anti-semitism and some nazi collaboration . 
  there was a group of jews who escaped from the death camp sobibor , and they were actually ambushed after they got out of the camp by anti-semitic poles who killed almost all of the survivors . 
  this was n't the only example of this , and even before the war it was common for polish mobs to rampage through jewish ghettos raping and killing people . 
  this kinda shit ca n't really be ignored , and it is possible to be a victim and an oppressor at different times ( look at israel ) .
