  we nearly freed slav ` yansk of the terrorists and showed the separatists that nobody should fuck with ukrainians if they decide to come to a peaceful demonstrations for unity and attack it with guns while siding with the police . 
  the last time when people were burned alive by an another group was 73 years ago in odessa . 
  as a fourth generation odessit i am despised by you . 
  as i said before :-) - it 's a trap . 
  though i laughed at this one : separatists : the current ukrainian government is illegal , we will wait for them to comply with the agreement that they signed . 
  they must vacate all illegally occupied building and disarm the illegal militias . 
  usa : super complicated process that requires to fill out about 5 + pages ( federal + state ) for a simple return . 
  or 20 for a semi simple return that i had last year . 
  obviously it 's hard to get it right , so then you have to deal with amending returns . 
   is it just me , or is it highly unusual for lavrov to come up with a plan like this ? 
  it seems so shady . 
  i think lavrov knows the protesters wo n't just voluntarily vacate the buildings . 
  yes . 
  since the protesters did n't sign the agreement , they are n't required to vacate anything . 
  this agreement prevents ukrainian government from using force . 
  but i assume russia was n't obliged to do anything ? 
  and only forces ukraine not to use force . 
   in slovyansk , a professional gru mercenary was identified who had earlier participated in georgian events in 2008 . 
  that was proved wrong ... 
  right away . 
   on 12 april , a phone conversation was intercepted regarding `` a comrade from the russian general who is here and will be here till the end , and he claims that in case of a shooting , russian armed forces would enter luhansk in 40 minutes or 1.5 hours '' . 
  i think that too , since i do n't see rf soldiers . 
  the rest i need more information , but i have n't seen any solid proof of rf soldiers/ops in ukraine . 
   would n't fighting people that want to start a war be equal to keeping peace ? 
  this is arguable . 
  separatists will claim that kiev stars a war and opposite form kiev . 
  keeping peace is a clear mandate , you do n't need to know politics and local situation to prevent people from shooting each other . 
  i do n't recall a single operation where un was involved in an anti-terrorists activity , one man 's terrorists is another man 's freedom fighter . 
  he called for a joint `` anti-terrorists '' operation with un peacekeepers . 
  it 's really wtf for me , is he on crack on something . 
  peacekeepers keep peace , not starting a war . 
  personally i am for un peacekeepers from a neutral country , may be germans , swedes . 
   russia claims : pro-russia demonstrations are comprised exclusively of ukrainian citizens acting of their own volition , like the maidan movement in kyiv . 
  first few casualties of maidan was a belorussian and a georgian citizens . 
  stop reading the crap after this . 
  here is a slightly different picture that includes usa , between 25-34 : http://i.imgur.com/nn57oce.png, 
  here is the complete paragraph :  the court observes , however , that while the security council has condemned particular declarations of independence , in all of those instances it was making a determination as regards the concrete situation existing at the time that those declarations of independence were made ; it states that `` the illegality attached to the declarations of independence thus stemmed not from the unilateral character of these declarations as such , but from the fact that they were , or would have been , connected with the unlawful use of force or other egregious violations of norms of general international law , in particular those of a peremptory character ( jus cogens ) '' . 
  the court notes that `` [ i ] n the context of kosovo , the security council has never taken this position '' . 
  the exceptional character of the resolutions enumerated above appears to the court to confirm that no general - 8 - prohibition against unilateral declarations of independence may be inferred from the practice of the security council . 
  as far as i understand : only security council can declare an illegal declarations of independence . 
  was n't the case with kosovo nor crimea . 
  also it follows with :  for the reasons already given , the court considers that general international law contains no applicable prohibition of declarations of independence . 
  accordingly , it concludes that the declaration of independence of 17 february 2008 did not violate general international law . 
  source document : http://www.icj-cij.org/docket/files/141/16010.pdf edit : why does n't ukraine ask the icj for an opinion ? 
  while the icj ruling is n't binding , still would help somewhat . 
  the site is down , but i do n't know what court they 're talking about . 
  when kosovo declared independence , the icj court said :  the court delivered its advisory opinion on 22 july 2010 ; by a vote of 10 to 4 , it declared that `` the adoption of the declaration of independence of the 17 february 2008 did not violate general international law * because international law contains no ` prohibition on declarations of independence *, 
  they 're nato members - nothing to be afraid of . 
  us will interfere , not interference will cost too much to us . 
  yea , let 's cut it out and give it to russia ? 
  to clear things out : the bus was carrying `` uncivilized neo-nazi banderivtsi from the west '' or euromaidain activists as it says in the video , not soldiers . 
  they came to disrupt april 10th celebrations . 
  nyc has pretty much no conceal carry licenses issued to anyone , but few selected ( cops/ex-cop/some celebrities ) . 
  personally i do n't know anyone that owns a gun ( aside from cops ) . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate does n't show the same statistics ? 
  personally i am surprised about finland ?!, 
  wtf ? 
  russia is on a role with stupid law proposals and let 's not even start me going about the laws they passed - libertarian 's nightmare . 
  to be fair a lot of stuff in usa is electronic , especially in ny . 
  i was able to resolve parking tickets via a web court , check my taxes in ny online and submit them electronically , dmv ( motor vehicles stuff ) records are all online . 
   no , it 's not about restoring yanukovich to power . 
  i mean , his popularity has eroded to almost non-existent and is only marginal even in his former support bases in eastern ukraine . 
  nobody talks about yanukovich . 
  this is anti-eu revolution , they do n't want to sign the agreement . 
   i wish people would some day stop going on about non-existent language issue . 
  if there is no issue then there is no problem signing a meaningless law that allows east to use russian language . 
  it will nuke any arguments that pro-russians can make . 
   what is currently happening ? 
  counter-revolution . 
  the south east is always suspicious of the western ukranians and praviy sector was making them really pissed . 
   why do n't europeans want us intervention ? 
  like sending military ? 
  that would be crazy and end up like vietnam . 
   what is the situation looking like ? 
  if ukraine tries to deal with separatism using firearms russia will invade , putin made clear a while ago . 
  and he 's crazy enough to do and probably wants it . 
  what ukraine can do , calm the south-east done by giving in on some demands - language would be one easy win . 
   to be fair there was already a real scenario where a nuclear-armed superpower went bankrupt ; ussr did n't go bankrupt . 
  it lost the will and fell apart . 
  but to be fair russia went through a default in 1998 , which is in plain english - bankruptcy . 
   1 000 360 ** million ** count digits ... or wait you missed the part where he fixed it . . lol . 
  so 25 % includes emigration , not death toll . 
  this is misleading . 
  it 's like saying that estonia lost 15 % of population due to integration with eu . 
   in 1939 there were 1 000 360 million estonians in estonia . 
  by 1944/1945 there were 775 left . 
  one trillion . 
  wow . 
  where is this number is coming out ? 
  the 25 % . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonia_in_world_war_ii even this page says 81,000 out of 1,122,000 . 
  still not 25 % . 
  it 's 7.2 % for 25 % losses need to be 280,500 . 
  25 % number has no citation , nothing . 
   estonia lost 25 % of its population during ww2 . 
  where did you get this number ? 
  the wiki articles says - 4.5 % . 
   you took one sentence out of the context and completely missed the point . 
  your country is like this [ 1 ] , note the zero presence of threats to russia there fuck yeah . 
   mate , you disliking your country 's internal politics does not change its foreign policy and narrative it likes to present to the world to justify its actions .
