  us gave saddam intelligence and knew it would use the chemical weapons it has on iranians . 
  no one gave two shits . 
  assad might have used chemical weapons and the `` world '' wants a us invasion . 
  you 're talking about how france and the uk treat the us , not how france or the uk are treated by the world . 
  on the matter of arming rebels around the world , i 'm pretty sure france and russia have pretty similar results across time . 
  the one difference being eastern europe . 
   if they can make the difference then why is n't europe as vocal about us crimes against humanity ? 
  because we have little to gain and much to lose in us ' military actions ? 
  the difference between europe 's reaction to us and russia on that matter is that russia started a conflict in an area that makes europe vulnerable . 
  when russia made shit in afghanistan , chechnya or supported syria , nothing happened . 
  but when it does start parading tanks at europe 's border , ofc our reaction is different . 
  on the other hand , back when the warsaw pact was a thing , the ussr did fund low intensity terrorism in europe ( germany , ireland , italy ) and conducted military action in eastern europe , and european countries were playing it down . 
  what you refuse to understand is that russia has too little power to make their effective military action look benign to europe . 
  on the other hand , the us has much more leverage and its actions look much less threatening to us . 
  they are definitely receiving a post request from a french ip and sending back an answer to a french-bound ip . 
  in `` irl '' equivalent , that would be akin to serving mail orders to a foreign country . 
  now we can discuss about whether applying physical laws to the internet makes sense , and whether we should create new laws and what these laws should be , but the french decision is definitely not without merit , and europe having leverage on google , they face an operational risk by refusing to comply . 
  how is an embargo different ? 
  france is asking google 's . com service not to send unauthorized content to france , basically . 
  google has a variety of choices , from not serving request from france on its . com platform to serving redirected . fr requests , to evolving its . com service , to keep ignoring france 's demands . 
  but if they choose the latter , knowing that they have stuff in france/europe , france/europe has leverage to punish them . 
  you probably misunderstood me . 
  i meant that building ships is not that simple , just like rocket science is not as simple as fireworks . 
  part of the deal was to preserve/hone advanced skill sets in france in the first place . 
  no , they left china after gmail got hacked . 
  the censorship deal was part of their first arrival in china . 
  if the company sends it to the uk by mail , for instance , they are liable in the uk . 
  your comparison would be valid if the person browsing google used a vpn . 
  of course , liability can only be enforced if the company has interests in the uk . 
  in the case of google , they do have interests in europe . 
  that 's pretty much what happened to bnp with the ruling on embargo violation : their subsidiary doing the deed was in switzerland , but they had assets in the us and the transaction went through one clearing house in ny , so they eventually had to pay . 
   they ca n't impose their laws in the us . 
  google.com serves pages in france though . 
   and it 's not really a `` hi-tech '' transfer , it 's only about building ships by assembling panels . 
  yeah , and building space ships or icbms is only slightly evolved fireworks . 
  facepalm . 
  we already have those , we do n't need more . 
  and no eu country seems interested by it . 
   these smug assholes who shit on russia and then tell others that since us is a superpower , it gets to do whatever , should also be fine with russia/nazi germany steamrolling them because they had might at some point . 
  but they 're hypocrites preach might is right when they have the might . 
  people are able to make a difference between what should happen and what does happen . 
  no one tries to punish the us because no one can . 
  that does n't mean that it 's right . 
  people punish russia for their shit because it 's right , and because russia ca n't get away with their antics like the us do . 
   if russia was treated the same as , say france or britain on which matter ? 
  i met a couple of great russian guys on videogames , and i wish them the best . 
  but yes , i think putin is the lovechild of satan , and yes , the best i can wish for my friends currently is to emigrate , because i ca n't see the system changing for the better in russia in the short-term . 
  wishing the best on russia and russian does mean we have an opinion on their politicians . 
  thatcher , for instance , had no impact on france , but i have a very bad opinion on her , and voice it here . 
  that does n't mean i hate the british . 
   that 's plain idiotic . 
  because us is a superpower it can do whatever it want and others have to follow the law ? 
  your solution being that russia should be allowed to break the law too ? 
   what the fuck is estonia and why does it get to be more important than russia ? 
  his point is that estonia , as well as russia , have no right to impede in each other 's business . 
  they 're equals . 
  it 's interesting that you advocate that because russia has more population and a bigger economy , it should have power over its neighbours , but at the same time , complain about russia 's bigger neighbour , europe , sanctioning it economically . 
   russia is treated like any other country that is n't the us and their allies . 
  ftfy . 
  wan na talk about the treatment of france on this sub ? 
  sometimes it 's annoying because people doing it are witless , but overall it 's interesting to have another point of view . 
  do you mean belgium as an inner country protected by its european neighbours , or do you mean belgium as a cohesive member of the european union , whose interests merge with other european countries ? 
  to be honest this is n't even about it . 
  these people have little social solidarity and are traditionally right-wing . 
  my comment is simply about the fact that this kind of reaction is to be expected in such situation . 
  if we 're going to destroy and rebuild our society in a liberal fashion , social unrest will be part of it . 
  certainly , phones built in fenced buildings , so as to prevent workers from commiting [ suicide ] ( http://www.cnet.com/news/riots-suicides-and-other-issues-in-foxconns-iphone-factories/ ) , are the perfect counter-example to me saying there is violence in every industry . 
  violence is everywhere in liberal economies , that 's the principle of creative destruction . 
  sometimes , of course , it makes people tilt , and violence becomes physical . 
  that 's the price we have to pay for our livelihood . 
  much like you ca n't have a slave society without some servile wars . 
  arguing that we should get the perks of supressed costs without the violence of struggling people is either witless or dishonest . 
  they will end up losing them anyway . 
  obviously ? 
  people do starve in this world . 
  people are left with no home . 
  and when your job disappears and you 're left with only debts because you 're a business owner , not an employee , as many farmers are , these consequences are not uncommon . 
  the `` die '' may just be a langage abuse from someone who does n't understand the problem . 
  for the people living it , it sounds very real , tho . 
  sure , and threatening people with `` adapt or die '' mottos is fine ? 
  if you 're going to have questionable ethics , you should at least avoid unrealistic expectations . 
   well , i 'd think that the citizenry as a whole has an interest in not letting a particular industry try to use violence and destruction to extract money from them most if not all industries do that . 
  it just so happens that some means are legal , and some are n't . 
  the problem here is that one side is preyed upon and left with no legal means to retailate . 
  as i said before , if you expect people to suck it up when bad things happen ( and globalization means plenty of bad things happen to people - it was practically the opening of the hunting season for capital owners ) , you should n't expect them to play by the book , because they wo n't . 
  what in my messages makes you think that ? 
  i 'm saying that people faced with the dilemna `` adapt or die '' wo n't care about the law , quite obviously . 
  if you put people in such a situation , complaining about them breaking the law is n't an option . 
  it always amazes me that people saying `` adapt or die '' also think that adaptation should happen within the framework of law . 
  these people are adapting to their environment . 
  they 're doing it in a violent way , and it has a cost for society . 
  that 's what schumpeterians have trouble understanding . 
  `` suck it up , but in a quiet and orderly fashion '' is an illusory motto . 
  i 'm not really trying to reach , though . 
  my point from the beginning is that the zeit is publishing loaded content , the fact that it reminds you of such stuff tends to confirm my point . 
  i 've passed the age to care about what people do on 4chan . 
  but when content on msm reminds people of 4chn , i definitely care . 
  pretty sure the stat is accurate , and that it dropped even more since then . 
  yo seem to think that a national newspaper making racist jokes is similar to a bunch of kids doing it on the internet . 
  what 's next ?
