it 's a better title click-wise than `` negoiators failed to pin the fine details of an agreement on syria '' ? 
  basically , all we learn in the article is that a ) a third party transmitted an offer from russia to france , the uk and the us , and that obviously no deal was done , for reasons unknown . 
  the left hand and the right hand pictures go together . 
  they both mock the far right 's elements of discussion : - on the left hand , `` not the same civilization '' - on the right hand `` they 're economic migrants '' the cartoons put these speeches in the light of recent events , in a distasteful fashion , implying that the point was distasteful in the first place . 
  more like the kind of guy that does n't ask for the girl 's number . 
  `` no darling , i have it already '', 
  sounds like editorializing from the guardian . 
  the article is much less clear cut , suggesting that problems arose when discussion came to the details of when/how assad would step down . 
  the third will blow your mind !, 
  usually that 's said to locals with poor language skills . 
  i guess that means your accent is good enough to pass as a local . 
  also usually that 's the kind of shit you say to people to mock them . 
  whether it 's friendly or not is another problem . 
   you have to admit , the whole thing about the general level of english hurting the tourism industry is true , and sucks . 
  i 'm not paid by the tourism industry . 
  they just happen to parasitize the city where i live ( and other cities in other countries , too ... 
  ask some people in bcn what they think about tourism ) . 
  as to whether i should help tourists , it all depends on whether another friendly human being needs help , or whether a customer asks me for an info . 
  just come and see by yourself . 
  i 'd bet that you 'll be fine . 
  oh yes , and rome eventually did n't recover after it f. . . nevermind . 
  my point being , the recovery of indices is not really a surprise . 
  as to whether putin has a responsibility in it ... 
  i do n't know . 
  i guess you could say he did n't botch the job . 
  nor did he do it greatly either , seeing how he failed to grow his country independant of its pm ressources . 
   actually their hdi went up a lot . 
  it had gone down sharply just before . 
  that 's a very similar recovery to the miracle growth of germany after both world wars : a very skilled society that becomes disorganized gets to recover eventually . 
  all you need to know in that case is that all indices about russia tanked sharply around ' 88-90 . 
  eventually they were to recover at some point . 
   galina koevajeva ( 54 ) does not vote . 
  `` all politicians cheat a lot . 
  we only believe in putin . 
  if he would take the matter forward , it would be solved . 
  but his influence does not extend to kostroma . 
  `` her eyes begin to shine . 
  `` but i have heard that he might visit us . '', 
  `` if only the tzar knew ! '', 
  french . 
  if that makes you feel better , i noticed you being someone worth reading  . 
  to be honest , there 's a culture of underestimating one 's english skills in france ( but also , i believe , in other mediterranean countries from what i have seen ) . 
  many people are able to speak business basic english , but they 're not very reassured on their own skills . 
  never gon na admit you 're wrong , right ? 
  maybe we 're not really interested in what / r/europe has to say recently . 
  between the usual liberal trend on this forum and the large wave of retarded immigration threads , i visit this srd less often recently . 
  `` initial report says the 2 mistrals that were promised to the migrants are still undelivered , and migrants now intend to sue . '', 
  fast-forward 20 years from now , see people saying `` ukrainian '' instead :p, 
   the fact that he was a bastard would have excluded him from rule if normandy followed french tradition , but they did n't . 
  actually , he was nearly ousted by his norman barons ( being a bastard and stuff like this ) ; the support from then french king was what kept him his title :p, 
  there is no such thing as england vs. france ... 
  it 's a one-sided rivalry from a former colony of ours :p . 
  also the english were normands , who were french !, 
   nice change of tune . 
  usually we are called cold , emotionless machines of oppression , or in the case of the eur debt crisis soulless sticklers to laws and principles . 
  usually it 's not the same people that hold these two views on germany . 
  it 's quite easy for a power broker to collect the criticism from various opponents and transform them into incoherent ramblings when put back to back . 
  these are not the soldiers you 're looking for . 
  * waves hands *, 
  i fail to see economics as an end in itself . 
   it 's almost like they were fighting in defense of their country or something . 
  they were chearly not . 
  france was lost at this point ; the country that was defended at dunkirk was the uk , whose army eventually was left unharmed and able to fight another day . 
  that being said , and aside from the fact that in both wws the british have had trouble mobilizing their army effectively ( the bef format was n't adapted for this kind of war ) , i think the main point of the guy is that in that light , the uk-us propaganda about france 's performance during ww2 is disgraceful . 
   that 's true . 
  but it 's different from taking money from innocent customers and putting it in the pockets of the traders . 
  i fail to see how a process in which money that should end up in some pockets but ends up being in other pockets is different from another such process . 
  or are you suggesting the people that got abused were n't innocent ? 
   if you believe in rule by the people , then you have to put your faith in people that , given all the information , they will make the right decisions . 
  we believe in rule by the people , not rule by individuals . 
  we knows that individuals will make stupid shit , and that some of them are incredibly empowered by their money . 
  that 's why we believe the people , through their government , have the right to harness or restrict individuals ' power . 
  and no , we are n't ready to sacrifice our meek to the altar of faith or ideology . 
   and can i get ... as if , presented with facts , you would amend your opinion ... 
   so are you implying that the people who did resist , should n't have resisted against a conquering genocidal regime that ruled with a authoritarian iron ? 
  that they should n't of been better armed if provided the opportunity ? 
  no he 's saying you 're using something you do n't understand to preach in favour of your agenda . 
   might 've made that nazi occupation a little bit more difficult though . 
  everyone had guns for the purpose of hunting . 
  it did n't help when nazis came knocking at the door confiscating them , and guns would n't have helped when columns of military came rounding up and murdering everyone in villages . 
  [ these guys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maquis_des_gli%c3%a8res ) eventually did n't make it , and it was n't because they were unarmed . 
  sometimes , it 's hard for us europeans to understand ideological absolutism . 
  unconstrained liberalism and the belief that free markets will produce good results , absolute free speech and the belief that people wo n't suffer from it , etc. 
  while you usually overlook the trouble generated by absolute concept , we tend to shield vulnerable individuals from it . 
  so this is a facebook ad-article equating holocaust negationism to not letting them break eu laws ? 
  the question asked was `` why does russia ban ngos '' . 
  if you do n't want to hear the answer , or want to judge the answer , it 's up to you , but you 're offtopic . 
  also the problem does n't only happen in russia . 
  actually , not . 
  cooked products like that often have gluten in the sauce ; basically any cooked product with sauce is a big red flag for gluten-intolerant people . 
  specifying that this product is gluten-free is n't useless . 
  because you ca n't afford to monitor them closely . 
  it 's true that the us ' policy of using ngos for geopolitical means is poisoning the well . 
  at this point , i would pick one loud crash over a long agony . 
  at least , you can start over in the first case . 
  we want you to sort your shit , one way or another . 
  what happens next is up to you , really . 
  personnally , i 'd wish for the uk to stay , but i 'd rather see them leave than staying in and threatening to leave every other day . 
   lets begin with arming dictators and/or `` rebels '' . 
  saddam vs. assad .
