  is it ok if a civil servant does it at a press conference ? 
  is it ok if it 's the chancellor ? 
  and what if , actually , the joke was half-serious ? 
  so basically you put nazi propaganda on 4chan and it becomes a legit joke ? 
  remember we 're talking about a msm news outlet , here . 
  when you ca n't say something seriously , you make it a joke . 
  also i did n't know there was a `` jewish '' smirk . 
  honestly , this one made me laugh . 
  would have been even better with sarkozy . 
  is there a subtle message behind the choice of pictures each politician is represented in ? 
  does the propaganda get any more flagrant ? 
  the answer in the next episode . 
  i doubt there 's a legal agreement binding the eu or serbia to negociating serbia 's eu entrance , and describing what may or may not stop negociations . 
  if the uncompetitive industry gives you the certainity that you will have food on the table , i 'd say it 's pretty clever to protect it . 
  this aside from green policies which also make sense , because having food that travels thousands of kilometers to reach your plate is a problem in itself . 
   france subsidizes its agriculture , we do the same to compete with france , lots of money wasted and higher prices for food products . 
  i doubt we can drive prices for agricultural goods much lower currently . 
  the way to drive it down would be to `` sweatshop '' it , but i 'm not ready to consume lowcost food . 
  it does n't mean we should n't support eastern & southern countries ( i 'm all for a big redistribution/investment deal ) . 
  i 'm just saying that agriculture should remain well distributed around europe for geopolitical reasons , and that means subsidies . 
  why would we stop subsidizing our agriculture though ? 
  the recent events tend to prove that food independance was a great idea . 
  giving that up and promoting ties on that matter with two countries right across putin 's border does n't look like a bright idea altogether . 
   nobody showed fairness and solidarity with many of these poorer countries . 
  protesting is a constitutional right in france . 
  while it 's not a daily occurrence , it happens quite often , and it 's a good thing imo . 
  as for destruction of stuff , i 've gone to plenty of protests with no incident . 
  while it happens sometimes , it 's usually linked to violent groups that join the protest rather than directly the result of protests . 
  there are some kinds of protests that often lead to destruction of property ( farmers/fishermen ) , but these protests are rarely dangerous for people . 
  on the other hand , i do n't know what you call riots , but i would say that significant scale riots are fairly marginal . 
  for scale , the recent taxi riots were a one-of-a-kind event . 
   yeah , but it often is . 
  if people say stuff was destroyed when it 's not the case , it 's no surprise that you will often hear about such things . 
  in that case , people talk about destruction of property , but the guys merely put plastic bags on the machines . 
  also your mixing of riots and protests is quite confusing . 
  that 's like saying that parties and bar fights are common in a student 's life . 
  one is common and fine ; the other is rare and illegal . 
  sabotaging = putting a garbage bag over the radar , not damaging it . 
  no property was destroyed , though . 
   but dynasty prefered to close rather than do that . 
  i guess they decided that it was easier to close than to be pestered about how they give away their money , or risk seeing that money be redirected to those [ scientists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trofim_lysenko ) that are compliant with the local dictator 's ideology . 
  the end of eternal september !, 
  extract from our constitution : 15 . 
  society has the right to require of every public agent an account of his administration . 
  so it 's not `` you have to elect the official candidate '' but `` you can elect any candidate that 's from the official party '' ? 
  does n't sound like an improvement to me . 
  also maastricht criteria are a thing of the past . 
  they describe who can enter the euro and not who can stay in it . 
  because if we 're going to be serious about it , not even germany respects these criteria . 
  part of that is actually caring about what happens to people tho . 
  so maybe a little more ` southern ' is definitely needed , because `` who cares about whether this man survives if he 's beheaded by the rules '' is definitely not what we want for europe . 
   therefore , it would be inconceivable for him to offer a debt cut until after reforms have been installed that ensure the `` socialism light '' is gone once and for all . 
  ah , right , now the eurozone was a green light to european liberal hawks to say who can get elected and who ca n't . 
   what i am sure about is is that in greece the negotiations were seen as `` we 'll meet half-way and everyone sells it as a victory at home '' . 
  and here lies the big misunderstanding , i fear . 
  well , everyone could see that after 3 years of failure , change was needed . 
  it 's a bit hard to fault the greeks for not seeing that the german negociator saw the negociations as a way to either enforce fruitless politics or to sacrifice a country to enforce said politics on other countries later on . 
   edit : i would n't even be surprised to learn that he intends to sacrifice greece to facilitate changes in the emu setup like a bankruptcy charter for member states or shared budget control . 
  i think he said something like the eu has always grown in crises . 
  the only question then being how the germans feel about sending someone commited to scuttling negociations to the table , then having a press campaign defaming the greek lead negociator . 
  if true , that 's a truly despicable beaviour in european affairs , one that may lead to the end of the eu on the long term . 
  is that some kind of passive-agressive geopolitics ? 
  aside from the obvious french triumphalism , i wonder how in 6 months , no such help was provided , and how much europe was trying to reach a deal . 
  seeing this kind of news , or [ this ] ( http://www.mediapart.fr/journal/international/070715/un-insider-raconte-comment-leurope-etrangle-la-grece ) ( in french - may translate it later today ) , my answer would be `` europe was not trying very hard '' . 
  the military is not trained or equiped for these situations . 
  that 's a pretty good reason not to use them there . 
  really ? 
  i thought this was not a british problem , according to the last few topics on / r/europe ... 
   it 's a fucking retch-inducing mess , yeah , and about as russian as ** gerard depardieu ** . 
  we screwed you pretty nicely on that one . 
  * hon hon hon *, 
  it 's also 0.82 % of our gdp , or about 23 % of france 's budget deficit and 50 ~ % of its deficit pre-debt service . 
  i hope this offered valuable infos on the impact of tax avoiders . 
  they are not refugees , they are migrants . 
  how ? 
  somehow you ca n't find a proper way to deal with them . 
  on our side , the easy solution would probably be to sell them boats ... 
  there are few permits , but it 's easier to find a job without papers and there are ( were ? ), 
  less paper checks in the streets . 
   my position is not that they should leave france . 
  ok  ( in which case france should send them back to where they came from ) \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af if we were following your modus operandi on reddit , we would probably help them cross the channel , then turn a deaf ear to your complaints ... 
  wait until we retailate with a 3,5 $ print about hastings !, 
  dem british ca n't retaliate with a 4,5 $ coin , so they 're screwed . 
  that escalated quickly . 
  because they want the sweet ad revenue - that 's why they 're collecting the data in the first place . 
  let 's pretend that a century of being the banker 's neighbour had no impact on local industries . 
  hello , could you elaborate on what this thread is a duplicate of ? 
  i see no identical topic on / r/europe , and the other around this topic are not being removed afaik . 
  impossible , good restaurants are too expensive in paris . 
  litterally half of the world is back to back ww champions , you know . 
  only one country is stupid enough to boast about it like it was a game . 
   the only reason germany seems nice is because it accepts that its larger partners like the us and russia will extract political concessions the reason germany is ready to give away plenty of things is because they stand to win a lot , being an exporting powerhouse , and because the economic cost will be shared among all european countries . 
   they 've historically preferred protectionism and have no love with playing nice in diplomacy . 
  how so ? 
   what was released about negotiations even showed what was expected , the french defending their market . 
  that sounds like a reasonable position . 
  in a business deal ( and this treaty is all about business ) , you 're expected to defend your interests , not to defend an abstract ideology . 
  especially when that ideology 's promoted and benefits to the person you 're negociating with . 
  we 're not talking about human rights or anti-mine agreements here . 
  there 's no morally superior position to side with ; some people seem to forget that you ca n't eat ideology if you let your economy fail .
