   still if france had managed a repeat of its performance in the first world war , europe would have been a nicer place . 
  if france had won ww2 alone , we would have implemented a harsher versailles treaty , and there would have been no way for the us to mitigate it as they did after ww1 . 
  to put it bluntly , the versailles treaty 's implementation has been criticized as the source of ww2 , because it left no nice way out for germany , but it did n't destroy the country either . 
  that was caused by the compromise between the french that wanted the second and the us that wanted the first . 
  be sure that had france + uk won ww2 , the us would definitely have been out of the loop , and germany as we know it would n't exist . 
  also awareness on racism and antisemitism was dramatically raised as a resut of ww2 , and had the war been shorter , there 's no reason to think that it would have been the case . 
   macron does n't seem to have been inconsistent so far . 
  indeed , he 's been a consistent liberal economically . 
  this might work once in a while when both left and right are in turmoil . 
  but historically , center parties have a hard time in non-proportional elections : the fact that center parties are unreliable with their left or right allies also means they ca n't be expected to create a disciplined block in the center : a large part of them already break discipline as they see fit . 
   he does n't seem to criticize healthcare spending or jump on the privatisation band-wagon . 
  because that would be a suicide politically . 
  just like uk conservatives will never admit that they 're trying to cull the nhs , or like the republicans are building a `` better '' care act to replace aca . 
  in which context ? 
  the policy was applied in germany and in the uk . 
  while you could argue that these countries are successful economically , the share of the population which was given access to a job is certainly not enjoying the benefits . 
  do socialists need the liberals to govern ? 
  it 's the other way around : liberals need the socialists to govern , and that 's what happened the last 5 years . 
  but now , the socialists , after winning internal elections , asked the liberals to return the favour , and we very clearly see that , actually , liberals are not interested . 
  same thing happened when the blairites lost control of the labour in the uk : they sunk the party . 
  so the answer is no , the socialists ca n't depend on the liberals to govern . 
  i do n't get why you link this article . 
  my point is that the instigators and benefactors of this system in the ps were originally the center-left . 
  the left of the party was forced to adhere to the party 's centralism , and violently criticized when they did n't . 
  but as soon as the left of the party wins a primary , they drop ship ? 
  macron 's record as a minister fits very much the neoliberal bill : * criticism of market regulation ( the macron law can be described as a deregulation bill for the work market ) * promotion of free market he is a liberal in the most genuine/classical meaning of the term , as his liberal thought applies both to social and economic matters . 
  his social views and tolerance of societal progress are what associated him to the left , but his economic stance is in fact derived from economic liberalism and closer to the right to liberal center-left , rather than to socialists or social-democrats . 
  good thing it 's the same social-democrats which started this `` authoritarian ` democratic ' centralism '' , only to reject it when it swings the other way . 
   without the bias of [ ... ] neo-liberal ideology . 
  macron is very much a neo-liberal , in the purest sense of the term . 
  we should make sure it is !, 
  props to you for starting this idea . 
  we need more finland in this world , 
  it 's awesome to know that every new born , regardless of family background , will come into this world with a good package for their first days . 
  i had seen a [ similar package ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-tayside-central-38470905 ) existed in scotland , too . 
  i wish this extends to all of europe ( as an european scheme ) and that it helps build a case for public support of our youth , especially in the domains of health care and education . 
  this would also help bridge the lack of visibility for eu actions in europe . 
  you should cease seeing countries as people . 
  this kind of anthropomorphic rationale does n't help . 
  if you had n't noticed , greece 's whole political system has gone through an upheaval , and the traditional parties are not in power anymore . 
  if you 're not going to trust change on this scale , you may aswell just admit you 're never going to give/lend money to greece under any pretense , and be done with it . 
  by the way , had you realized that germany 's anthromorphic personification is a fat , holier-than-thou elder that lives off the system but wo n't admit it ? 
  ahh , accountability . 
  the convenient answer to anyone advocating equalization policies . 
  you should leave your cozy bubble and realize that many countries are growing euroskeptic because of this kind of stuff . 
   if we orient our nation to be a seniors paradise people like me will not be willing to stay here . 
  once again you 're making a strawman of my point . 
  there 's a lot of acceptable options to prevent elders from being destitutes , which would not transform your country into a senior 's paradise . 
  the fact that you are not even considering helping them makes the kind of society you want to build not worthy of consideration . 
  there 's quite a large difference between increasing government spending ( which , in this situation , is probably not even going to impact debt ) and ruining your country . 
  as above poster said , you 're extreme in that regard , and many successful countries run much larger govt operations without problem . 
  then is it a matter of `` ca n't afford '' , or a matter of `` politically inacceptable '' ? 
  i mean , latvia has a very low debt and very low budget to gdp . 
  with these indicators , i would say there is no reason for this situation , besides the society 's will to let their elders out in the cold . 
  keep in mind that the strong social models that were put in place in more well-off countries were adopted not when they were at the peak of their fortune , but before or just after the war , which means they started or endured through ruined countries , with maimed workforces and destroyed infrastructures . 
  ironically enough , they started being dismantled once the worst of the hardships was behind . 
   omfg , you have no idea . 
  i know from my own experiences how crippling low expectations are . 
  telling a kid he 's `` locked out '' of the american dream is a perfect way to ruin his chances in life . 
  it may also be a way to accurately assess a situation and make the necessary adjustments . 
  i would understand that other countries snub a leader of my country asking for euro cooperation after having been an asshole while cooperating in the past . 
  i have no idea , actually . 
  i do n't want my country to collaborate with someone like schaeuble on global matters , because his views on every topic of domestic importance have been ghastly . 
   saying the answer to crises from security to climate change , was to stick together ... says the guy that has been playing the greek crisis in an adversarial way . 
  tbh , few in france think le pen can actually win the election . 
  this seems to be exclusively a foreigner 's phantasm . 
  no , your analysis is plain wrong . 
  brittany has always been quite to the left , which explains this result . 
  fillon is actually surprisingly popular , which is probably explained by his christian candidate status , and by the fact he comes from france 's west area . 
  you do n't necessarily need green in the middle colour . 
  http://dataduppedings.no/subcube/colour_gradients/blue-yellow_256x256.png as for yellow , it may be hard to have many nuances of yellow , but with some brightness tuning it should work . 
  just try it and see if it works for you , 
  blue to yellow gradient is quite nice , also it works better for several color-blind kinds . 
   germany and france all have some of the biggest and best performing economies in the world and yet they could n't spend the minimum of 2 % ? 
  france has been investing quite a lot in its military , afaik , and recent cuts are a result of economic trouble . 
  get your facts straight ? 
  what pressure ? 
  there 's a reason no serious air force is available : sam defenses are widely available , and modern airplanes are too expensive . 
  as exemplified in ukraine . 
  when you buy american products , you also buy soft power : american soldiers coming to your country through nato , diplomatic support , etc. 
  france and the uk do the same ; it just so happens that the us have much more to offer in terms of political and diplomatic clout , and that some eastern countries do n't care much about european construction . 
   parisian french already was the language of higher education , art , politics , the military though . 
  indeed , it was the lingua franca in the french nation . 
  by making it the language for all , the goal was that everyone could participate in the nation 's politics . 
   why are you quoting treitschke ? 
  i thought my previous support for a solution that would make the will of the alsatians the determining factor showed that i am in no way a supporter of such ideas . 
  i am giving you the historical context of my previous sentence about the competing definitions of a nation . 
  i understand that this vision is not really supported in western europe anymore . 
  however , when you say :  not immediately , no . 
  but it took two or three centuries in france as well . 
  i agree with you here . 
  but applying this policy would be an example of treitschke 's knowing-best opinion . 
  that 's the difference between acknowledging the possibility that alsace could have become german in heart , and justifying the means to get there . 
   let 's assume germany would not have lost alsace in ww1 . 
  who says that the same couldnt have happened in germany and alsacians could have contributed to a german democratic revolution ( like in 1919 but more sustainable ) and after that felt as germans as well ? 
  where would be the difference to what happened in france before ? 
  i do n't deny the possibility of this . 
  i simply point out why alsace is currently not part of the german nation . 
  the scenario you describe could very much happen , without violating renan 's definition of a nation . 
  it just so happens that in the meantime , both germany and france have become attached to democracy , and the interim period between the conquest of alsace and this hypothetic event would be poorly perceived .
