  the fact that it 's actually the elites that get drained is a massive problem . 
  it is bad when the people left behind and their children are left with no tax proceeds because richer areas drained the best educated , and paid nothing in return . 
  freedom of movement is only fair when there is a geographic/social equalization policy . 
  otherwise , it 's merely economic segregation . 
  currently , europe 's equalization policies are greatly underfunded , compared to the benefits richer countries/people gain from a mobile workforce . 
   http://adst.org/2014/06/france-has-degaulle-to-withdraw-from-nato/ this page is a good example of the historic revisionism about which i talked earlier . 
  [ france never left nato ; a proof of it being the operations france participated in as nato member ( ifor , sfor , kfor and isaf - all before 2009 ) . 
  france , however , left nato 's integrated command , for many reasons , including retaining full control of its muclear weapons . 
   the us became involved in the first indochina war because of our alliance with france . 
  that involvement did not make the us a belligerent , just like the lend-lease act or the lafayette escadrille did not make the us a beligerent in either wws before 1917 or 1942 . 
  when france left indochina in 1954 , there was no us military action ongoing . 
   france is n't a longstanding ally . 
  you withdrew from nato after dragging us into vietnam , and only fully rejoined in 2009 . 
  france never withdrew from nato . 
  in fact , it provided boots for most nato deployments pre-2009 , and positively answered to us ' article 5 invocation following 9/11 . 
  also , to my knowledge , the us were not a belligerent in the war france fought in vietnam , and france was not a belligerent in the war the us fought there . 
  your blaming of france in that conflict follows the same pattern as that of [ blaming a hundred-year-old treaty ] ( https://www.quora.com/diplomacy-and-diplomats-how-much-is-the-sykes-picot-agreement-responsible-for-the-continuing-turmoil-in-the-middle-east ) for the failure of your operations in iraq , or [ exagerating the influence of the british in your decision to support mossadegh overthrow ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/adst/the-cias-coup-against-ira_b_8001782.html ) . 
  this is a pattern of historic revisionism in order to whitewash us administrations for botched foreign policies . 
  it is a problem because a significant fraction of your population consistently fails to acknowledge the flaw in your foreign policies and to reconsider them . 
  by systematically blaming your allies for those , it also tends to build disdain for their opinion ( cough wmds cough ) , which lowers your ability to accept constructive input and only value sycophantic following . 
   the french republic proved in libya how much it cares about middle east stability . 
  france makes mistakes too , indeed . 
  the key difference here is we are able to assess them afterwards and to understand where we failed . 
  the lybian policy is considered a significant failure of the sarkozy administration in france . 
   after 13 years of not even trying to help and only making the situation worse throughout the region [ ... ] for instance , by continuously being by your side in afghanistan ? 
   and this is the annoying part : the way you remember these events . 
  all of the above being easily verifiable ( especially french deployments as part of nato ) , i understand that you can be annoyed by the way we remember these events . 
  maybe the problem , though , is that you can not reconcile your view of the world with the way it actually is , though . 
   you joined putin in using your unsc veto to obstruct our efforts . 
  even a broken clock gives the correct time twice a day . 
  your administration on the other hand , proceeded to ignore every honest warning from most of your longstanding allies in the region , proceeded to destabilize a neighbouring region which you left worse than you found it , engineered a smearing and hate campaign on those of your allies which did n't blindly follow you - which still has effects 15 years on , and created the conditions for the weakening of peace and democracy at our doors and in our homes . 
  it feels like being on the shit list of this particular administration was a badge of honor , in retrospective . 
  you mean , failure to mindlessly bandwagon on every decision from what was your worst administration in terms of external policy was a good reason to get shat on ? 
  yeah , if you believe we should be sycophants and not allies , you 're probably right . 
  top research centers are not necessarily universities in france . 
  we 're getting used to being on usa 's shit list for [ no good reason ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/12/powell-anthrax-vial.jpg ) . 
  we may as well derive some money from it , heh . 
  yes , that 's solution 2 . 
  from the moment you understand that it is not possible for a company headquartered in the united states to comply to foreign laws , then it 's not possible to have a company headquartered in the us to do business in your country . 
  i do not see how that can be considered a smart move when it comes to us business . 
  compelling your companies to do illegal activities in foreign countries can not be seen as a smart way to do business , even for the trump administration , right ? 
  because that would mean the only way for europe to react would be to ban us businesses or forcing a split of the companies , which would probably not be seen as a good thing by the us . 
  the thing is - these countries are in the eu . 
  i guess that makes a difference . 
  what the second paragraph means is that any european subsidiary would have to pay taxes on the cash moved back to the uk . 
  for instance : * uk firm gives a jam pot to eu subsidiary * eu subsidiary sells it for $ 12 , deducts expenses of $ 2 , intends to return $ 10 to uk . 
  * since the uk does not tax its companies , eu witholds $ 3 . 
  * the uk firm receives $ 7 , and the uk taxes whatever it wants . 
  in effect , that would mean the products sold by european subsidiaries have been taxed in europe , aswell as in the uk . 
   many greeks are studying in germany , which is good for greece once they return and manage to find work there . 
  most of them probably wo n't return , since their country is ruined and they wo n't find jobs that compare to what they 'll get in germany . 
  in fact , this diaspora is one of the things that hurt the country most . 
  the problem is that , atm , there is nothing that greece alone can do to be attractive compared to germany , which has a large demographic deficit . 
  being in europe , the young , the talentful are given the opportunity to move , and greece is left with nothing to build its future . 
   many german companies have invested in greece , which is good . 
  [ ... ] greece also profits from eu regional development funds , which is good as well . 
  it is indeed a good things , and these funds are nothing to scoff at . 
  but look at how much money these investments represent compared to greece 's gdp , or any economy . 
  these amounts pale in comparison to what the country needs . 
  i 'm not saying we 're doing nothing ; i 'm just saying it wo n't be enough to put the country back on foot . 
  what would you offer to solve the situation , then ? 
   a complete haircut of debt would simply allow greece to take loans again to postpone structural improvement . 
  this here is you assuming that greece is inherently unable to reform . 
  without any proof of it being given , i ca n't take it for more than a pretext to let the situation degenerate . 
  yes , corruption is an issue in greece . 
  as it is in germany , afaik . 
  it 's not merely a matter of government , every large institution has these problems ( e.g. 
  vw 's scandal ) . 
  there is no known silver bullet against corruption , appart from relentlessly fighting it ( afaik , bankruptcy also does n't help ) . 
  and , afaik , greece has done notable efforts to fight corruption and to fix their situation ; unfortunately , the situation is just too bad for them to fix it alone . 
  the issue is that you 're moving the goalposts : tying relief for greece to an utopic situation where they would eradicate corruption is just like saying you 're willing to starve the country , because you know it is never going to happen . 
  on the other hand , you could try to find what europe can do to help greece fixing its own problems . 
  it could be debt forgiveness , it could be eurozone investments in the country 's private economy , it could be investment into infrastructures , education , health , etc. 
  to provide relief to the greek government . 
  all of these worked fairly well in the post-financial crisis us , but also in many european country after the war , etc. 
  the problem in your stance , right now , is that you 're looking for ways to justify your inaction , rather than for ways to fix the problem . 
  marshall plan ? 
    postponing chemotherapy sessions  i do n't consider those unnecessary expenses . 
  you posted this 5 hours prior to this message . 
  at some point , maybe you should cut the bullshit and stop rehashing the same mantra about inefficient bureaucracy ? 
  are you saying the choice of thresholds and colors in the other one was carefully crafted ? 
  by increasing slightly your cost of work and by increasing the consumption in germany , it would probably lead to more imports and help fix the export/import ratio , actually . 
   are you talking about our export surplus ? 
  because that 's something we recognize as problem . 
  if only there were countries in the ez you could help by , for instance , investing there , or poors in germany which could use a bit more money to increase their consumption , or even social systems that could be put in place to increase their living conditions ... 
  it 's really a sad thing that no one wants that money , so you 're forced to keep that surplus . 
   and the second thing was , that the troika gave them money . 
  the troika basically transferred european banks ' debt so that they do not take the fall . 
  what happened afterwards was purely a negociation between the troika and greece , and there is no reason to think that greece was made any favour in this negociation . 
  in a way , it is understandable that greek people do n't understand why french and german banks are to be rescued , but not greek citizen . 
   you ca n't but looking at france from the outside it seems it is increasingly difficult to for example fire people . 
  this is party a good thing but if it goes to far this can lead to old inefficient industries maintaining while newer ones do n't get started . 
  [ ... ] if we were investors starting a company or expanding one . 
  would we do it in france ? 
  honestly , this sounds like textbook liberalism and typical anglo economic news . 
  in fact , france 's policy has been doing quite well in motivating investment in innovative industries . 
  its problems are mostly in handling untrained job seekers . 
  comparable economies , such as germany and the uk , have similar problems . 
  their way of handling it are quite different , with a much lower jobless rate , but this does n't translate significantly better in terms of poverty levels for the lower classes , and ( i would say as a consequence ) , they also have far-right movements on the rise . 
   not allowing access to the single market is painful in of itself .
