   in peloponese , also have a nice tower . 
  well , we have a penelope too . 
   he was able to do that because france already had centrally imposed the language and culture of paris , a fact which he conveniently downplays . 
  not really . 
  compulsory schooling , the necessary tool to this , was established in france in 1881 . 
  this lecture was given in 1882 , so the massive shift of the french to french speakers had yet to come . 
  the idea of a single language dates back to the revolution , but it could not be implemented until the 3rd republic . 
  by the way , mandatory schooling was first implemented during the reform , in german states . 
   yes , so why is it a key difference ? 
  the idea behind teaching standard german in germany was - now that the nation was united geographically - to unite the nation politicallly . 
  it has to go the other way : you ca n't conquer a nation and then force political unity . 
  that 's one of the main points of renan . 
  france was unified politically , so adopting one language for everyone was a way to perfect this union . 
  on the other hand , alsace and germany were not politically attuned , and conquest plus a common language could not create that nation . 
  the opposing view , which was championed by the german empire at the time was :  we germans who know germany and france know better what is good for the alsatians than the unfortunates themselves . 
  in the perversion of their french life they have no exact idea of what concerns germany . 
   -- heinrich von treitschke , german nationalist historian and politician , 1871 luckily , this kind of view has more or less disappeared in western europe . 
  we can still see it in the russian attitude towards russian speakers , for instance . 
   if you think the golden bull played no role in nation building you also have to contest the mainstream british understanding of their history concerning the magna carta . 
  i think you have to accept that most countries followed a different reformist path in nation building than the french with their big bang revolution . 
  i am no historian , but i would say that the magna carta , much like the golden bull has been used retro-actively , to justify the concept of a british nation . 
  in the case of the british , there 's also a ton of [ shit ] ( https://www.timelessmyths.com/arthurian/keeper.html#journey ) [ history ] ( http://www.originofnations.org/royals/queens%20descent/the%20queen%27s%20royal%20descent%20from%20king%20david%20of%20judah.htm ) that was done to justify it . 
  if i had to put a precise point in history where the english nation began , i would probably also put it around the reform : it 's the first point where a significant body of people expresses a will that diverges significantly from the interest of the ruler . 
  a similar movement emerged in france , with different results . 
  this does n't mean these events did n't have an influence ( culture , language , common historical beliefs obviously contribute to the building of a nation ) . 
  but they alone ca n't explain a nation . 
  i would recommend * [ what is a nation ] ( https://www.globalpolicy.org/component/content/article/172/30340.html ) * by ernest renan as a major read on this topic . 
  i do n't agree with all he said , but the text pushes a lot of interesting questions and concepts . 
  the golden bull was an instance of kings ruling over their land , not an act from the people . 
  it is certainly an historical event which german people can remind fondly , but it was not one in which they participated . 
   and by the way , at the times of the reformation alsace has still been part of the hre as well . 
  consider switzerland . 
  they were hre at the same time , half of them are german-speaking , and yet no one would contest they are swiss nationals . 
  i find , however , that it is important to cultivate ideals , and that we should n't hold historic compromises against these ideals . 
  there is a difference , however , between having both a pragmatic position and an idealistic view ( what happened in the alliances before ww1 ) , and having lip-service ideology and a despicable position ( as was the case in the french colonial adventure , for instance ) . 
   i rather think the nations and the conscience for them grew gradually over the centuries . 
  i would be interested to know what event of nationalistic relevance happened before , say , the reform . 
   many people who might have felt differently never had the chance to found their nation state because they have been lacking the power and alliances to achieve that . 
  indeed . 
  1 ) indeed . 
  2 ) you can start whatever history at whatever time you feel convenient . 
  however , i believe there 's not much national identity to derive from 800 years of lords abusing peasants . 
  that 's why your question , `` when has france started to exist '' is of little relevance . 
  a better question would be `` when have people started to feel french '' , and immediately after `` when have they been able to make it a political reality '' . 
  the answer is very different depending on which region we 're talking about . 
  3 ) because i do n't find it relevant ? 
   you are talking as if france doesnt have a history of conquests and annexations . 
  oh , i would n't say france is a precious snowflake of purity . 
   and also after the revolution the french republic hasnt given up its colonies nor has there been a referendum in alsace-lorraine about to which country they wan na belong after ww1 . 
  in fact , most of the french colonial possessions were acquired post-revolution . 
  this is an indictment on the limits of the french society to respect its own principles . 
  however , i would not include alsace or lorraine in these , considering their implication and their opinions in the revolution and later french history . 
  afaik there has been a vote by the citizen of mulhouse to join france in 1798 , the rest of alsace and lorraine did indeed not vote : they were already part of france . 
   so exactly what france did with alsace under louis xiv and his `` reunion '' policy ? 
  i do n't defend the policies of european monarchs , french or otherwise ; it is simply not possible to talk about nations when parts of a nation can be traded away for political expedience . 
  it is complicated to talk about a nation 's will when people simply are n't asked their opinion , and only land matters . 
  in fact , i would agree with you that , before the revolution , there was little that made alsace french . 
  there 's a lot to discuss about the french revolution , but i would say that 's the key event that attached alsatians to the french nation . 
   and please do n't pretend the french definition of nation does not involve language . 
  there are few nations on this planet that define themselves more through their language and take greater pride in it than france . 
  in fact ... that ' a key difference between german nationalism and french nationalism in the 19th century . 
  france , indeed , propagated french ( which was , at the revolution , a dialect spoken by less than a tenth of the population ) , mainly as a prerequisite to share common politics . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/what_is_a_nation%3f ) is a key to understand this . 
  you 'll have to give me the another definition of a nation , then . 
  preferably one that does n't involve forcibly annexing anyone that more or less speaks your language whether or not they want to be part of it . 
   second , you are contradicting yourself since you claimed that a common mother language is not necessary for a common state , but then you claim the hre can not be considered the former german state since there also lived italian and other speakers in it . 
  where in my did i speak about speakers ? 
  i merely stated that the hre was a conglomerate of many regions , which would later self-identify as not germans . 
  by the way , how then do you establish based on this would-be legacy ? 
  why would the hre not be the ancestor of northern italy , switzerland or the netherlands ? 
  why would you pick 1000 + as a reference date for the empire , and not its foundation , by a frank king of a dynasty coming from what would later become france ? 
  the reason you specifically pick this timeframe is because it was carefuly chosen to support the nation-building endeavour of the prussian empire , just like france 's 3rd republic established the * roman national * . 
  yes , alsace derives its language from the same roots as yours ( as well , as you may know , as the dutch , the english , austria , a part of the swiss , etc. . . all of which were also part of the hre ) . 
  this does not mean they want to participate in the same nation as germany , and they gave enough proof of this over their history . 
   it is about a common and realistic understanding of history . 
  yeah , and what i 'm trying to have you understand is that the identity of alsace as a french region was built by its own will to participate in the building of our nation , while the claims of it being a german region are built on a misconception of what brings people together . 
  and while we 're talking about history , i may add that the time alsace spent as part of post-1850 germany should give you plenty of material to support what i 'm saying . 
  tap water is pretty common in france , in any self-respecting restaurant you 'll go , asking a `` carafe '' will get you tap water free of charge , no questions asked . 
  likewise , chips ( frites ) are a common side in most french restaurants . 
  they are served alongside the main dish , however , so you do n't have to order them separately . 
  ketchup is widely available , too . 
   alsace and eastern lorraine , however definitely were part of germany . 
  there is no such thing as germany before 1870 . 
  you 're building your vision of what germany was from 19th century german nationalistic propaganda . 
  yes , a large share of central europe spoke germanic languages in the middle-ages . 
  this common trait alone , however , is far from justifying that alsace is closer to the prussian kindom than to france , and there was ample evidence of that between 1870 and 1918 , as i explained earlier . 
  what you need to get rid of is this idea that alsace is or was german , merely because of a common language . 
  there is much more to building a nation than a common language and similar-looking treats . 
   it would just be positive for franco-german mutual understanding if the french acknowledged that alsace has culturally and politically been part of germany at that time called `` holy roman empire ( of the german nation ) '' the hre was not germany , unless you intend to claim that half of france , italy , and a lot of other places are also german . 
  much like it would make no sense to claim that germany is rightfully french because charlemagne , king of the franks , founded said holy roman empire . 
  this idea you 're using was mostly planted by 19th century german nationalists , based on the idea that any german-ish speaking region should be ruled by the ~ ~ prussian ~ ~ german emperor , whether or not they want it . 
  once you have acknowledged this , and forget about antediluvian claims or whether the local dialect is of german family , you realize that there is not much of a point in your claims , and that alsatians are the first to point it out . 
  the massive started with the 3rd republic , in 1870 ~ . 
  it was more or less commonplace for the more well-off to learn french at the time of the revolution , but there was no massive effort to impose the language , simply because there was no infrastructure or mandatory schooling . 
  because it is not realistic to support the cost ( not even talking about the availability of speakers ) of an administration speaking french , english , britton , basque , oc language ( s ) , corsican , and several others . 
  i do n't know how austria handles it , but that 's what implied by the official recognition of a language in france . 
  as for merely having the ability to learn the language in schools , it 's already possible for the languages i cited above . 
   at least that was heavily scaled back in the last decades , but the language is still not recognized as official . 
  it will never be , because that would mean administrations would need to offer support in this dialect . 
   as for the history , you are generalizing the period in the kaiserreich .
