  the eu did not vote for brexit . 
  the eu did not decide of every possible options that it would go for hard brexit . 
  the eu did not choose to have davis as brexit secretary or johnson as foreign secretary . 
  at some point , you got ta accept that the eu has yet to take any decision regarding the uk and brexit , and that 100 % of the decisions were made by the uk , and the uk alone . 
  the position of europe on brexit was known before the referendum : a lot of it was in eu 's constitution , most of the rest was public knowledge , and the few tricky points were predicted by the experts you decided not to trust . 
  if i had a demonstrable answer , do you think i would be discussing here with the plebs rather than sipping cocktails on my private carribean island ? 
   on a more serious note , you ca n't reformat a country 's industry to compliment another country 's in a couple years . 
  the economic integration and consolidation of two separate areas is not a simple process . 
  you 're also in an economic area which has benefited from the dynamism of the german economy , while france is not . 
  there are so many differences between the two countries that merely picking two and establishing a correlation is spurious . 
  just to answer your parent comment , the more this policy keeps trucking regardless of the social unrest , the more likely will the european far-right get influence , and the less europe will be safe . 
  most of the points in the 12 objectives are actually matters of internal policy ( and for some of them , they are not related to brexit , for instance protecting workers ' rights or strenghten the union ) . 
  the actual points of debate will be the common travel area with ireland ( but i believe the eu will be inclined to help finding a solution , given the situation in ni and the geographic situation of ireland ) , the free trade agreement ( and , what the english have been told over and over for 6 months now , but refuse to listen is , it ai n't gon na happen without other points in the list going down ) and the scientific collaboration ( i do n't know how negociable this will be without freedom of travel , but it 's certainly going to need payments from the uk ) . 
  the problem with these points , is that basically , they are incompatible with many other requirements : in order for the uk to get into free trade agreement , there should be some regulation agreements on how to product goods . 
  this means you ca n't have laws purely decided in the uk . 
  it is also an ideological position for the eu to have free travel , about as much as it is for the uk not to have it . 
  and free trade is the bargaining chip here . 
  so . . yeah , out of the 12 points , there are only 5-6 that are mutually exclusive . 
  but that 's what happens when you add in 5-6 points which were never ever going to be subjected to a negociation with europe . 
  mhhhhhh confit ... 
  no , because we speak french , but there 's certainly words like `` mondialisation '' and '' \u00e9lites globales '' being used . 
  many far right people support russia , thinking it 's persecuted by `` evil globalists '' . 
  the logic is not unlike the communist international movement from the 19th century , except it 's an association of conservative people favoring authoritarian regimes . 
  i have no idea . 
  you ca n't dispute something until the claim has been made . 
  and many people ca n't believe the claim is made in the first place . 
  personally , i would say the uk dominated the world politics until 1870 , which marked the emergence of both the french third republic , and the german empire . 
  powerful and influential ? 
  until ww2 ? 
  in 1914 , the us and germany were ahead of the uk economically . 
  uk 's cultural influence was n't outstanding either : germany , france , russia and austria could be cited as major contributors to the cultural and arts zeitgeist ( < - ) at the time . 
  you must understand that uk 's hegemony only works if you reason in terms of sending gunboats to terrify undevelopped countries and carving colonies . 
  most european countries had other goals , and they did pretty well . 
  after ww1 , germany was ruined and france and the uk were hollowed by the very big hole in their demography and their debt . 
  case in point , the '29 crisis rippled from the us towards europe , not the other way around . 
  but the passport is blue, 
  hey do n't really have influence afaik . 
  she gets a quarter of the vote , at the price of getting hated by two thirds of the electorate . 
  the reason no one will lend her money at home is that any loan would carry important pr damage . 
  maybe , if her party was n't hell-bent on insulting a majority of the population ( and no , it 's not just immigrants - leftists are called lefturds , journalists are called journal-cunts , and so on ) , they would have easier pr ... 
  yeah , if she was n't building a party on a rethoric antagonizing most of the french population , she may have easier access to french funds . 
  but then , why make a distinction between a so-called french ethnic group , and a so-called german or english ethnic group ? 
  companies willing to sell in europe have either to go through a european subsidiary , or pay taxes . 
  that is why there are companies in ireland rather than , say , in some obscure carribean country . 
  these companies have to report profit on that european subsidiary , or to pay for a service outside of the eea , which is subject to taxes . 
  there is no legal way for companies to skip corporate taxes without an agreement with an european country ; that 's why people start subsidiaries in luxembourg or ireland in the first place , rather than directly moving funds from country x to offshore places . 
  ireland 's taxation problems are not a matter of monetary union . 
  i 'm happy that you were able to discern my point regardless . 
  there is a fairly large difference between legal stuff and fraud , though . 
   countries outside the monetary union are just as able to do the same ( bermuda , panama what have you ) , it is not a problem limited to the monetary or even european union as you try to put it . 
  countries outside the monetary union do n't have access to the common market . 
  i agree that ireland has built itself around this , and if the eu were to remove that boon ( which it should ) , then something should also be done to make up for it . 
  however , your cash cow now relies on being part of the eu . 
  in the long term , i do n't believe the eu can survive it . 
  it 's up to you to decide whether you think your current cash cow is worth risking the explosion of europe into a group of far-right , closed countries . 
  cutting taxes on the whole europe in exchange for a few thousands ( ? ), 
  jobs is something that makes sense in ireland 's short-term self interest , indeed . 
  the problem is that this behaviour is detrimental to europe as a whole , and it 's also something , given europe 's current situation , that may end up tearing it appart . 
  i do n't see what point you 're trying to make . 
  i have given you several examples of people which ca n't be told apart from french people , despite being foreigners . 
  swiss , belgians , most french-speaking europeans , etc. 
  you 're trying to build a definition of ethnicity whose main criterion is would a racist person discriminate against this person . 
  not only is this wrong intellectually , but even if i were to accept it , it would not make accurate predictions in our world . 
  what about we discard the views of a racist minority about who should be ethnical whatever , and accept the secular definition of who is french ? 
  i 'm not the one making a big case for ethnicity as national criterion in the first place . 
  i can revert the question to you : if there is a french ethnic group , why is palatinate , or belgium not french , or why is britanny french ? 
  ethnicity is far from enough to define a frenchman , just like it is impossible to guess europe 's border with dna tests . 
  now , having said that , french arab is a legit phrase for the * very reason * that the french themselves decided that they did not want to be defined by ethnicity alone . 
  as defined by ? 
  the people from alsace are ethnically french , as opposed to the people from palatinate , which you define as german , but just like corsicans , french catalans or brittons ? 
  the people from england are ethnically english , as opposed to the ethnically french normans , which are much closer to their friends from savoie ? 
  well , you have the choice to believe either en.wikipedia.org , or someone which is french enough to come by the alias parisontencule . 
  the eu has already made plans on acquiring associate eu nationality , which should fix problems uk expats might have . 
  the law does n't prevent people from publishing opinion , it aims at preventing people from delivering fake information about a medical process when in an advisory position . 
  i would n't be surprised to see similar uses of the law if the antivax crowd was to use similar tactics . 
  djibouti and eau deployments are foreing bases , not foreign operation areas . 
  djibouti also has agreements with several other countries ( us , germany , china , ... ) for the presence of other military bases , but i believe the major base is french . 
  france also frequently gets blocked by the eu on state aid . 
  it just so happens that this specific case involves national security , something the eu has little say about . 
  it 's easy when you have no local elects . 
  so basically , macron publicly cuts taxes , gets the public acclaim , and then he lets the mayors/regional elects handle the unpopular budget cuts . 
  it 's a bit of a cunt move imo . 
  in france , the parties under investigation are at least : lr , ps , fn , modem , fi . 
  that 's more or less everybody . 
  in the uk , the ukip is being asked to refund salaries and a link - which i did n't read - for tories . 
  in other countries , i did n't look in detail but i also get google lines . 
  i have looked at it , because every single party having meps in france is under investigation for the same problem . 
  apparently , other meps from other countries are also beinng investigated or asked to refund mep assistant salaries ( e.g. 
  [ nigel farage ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/feb/01/nigel-farage-among-ukip-meps-accused-of-misusing-eu-funds ) , but many other countries have these ) : the problem is widespread . 
  an interesting note is that i did n't find much specific relevant information on the exact rules supposed to apply to meps . 
  from what i gather , there are [ two kinds of mep assistants ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/meps/en/about-meps.html ) : accredited ( these work in brussels , lux or strasbourg , specifically on matters related to parliament ) and local ( they work in the mep 's constituency , can be employees or consultants ) . 
  i find no information there that specifies local assistants are barred from working for the party , but i guess the guardian would have better infos than me if it 's not an accredited assistant . 
  i would be surprised that this is completely enforceable , though , because most assistants are usually recruited among the militants . 
  if anyone has better sources on the exact restriction to the different classes of assistants , and whether there has been a change in these recently , i would be interested . 
  as of now , the situation seems incredibly fuzzy , because the accusations in different cases from different countries go from fake assistants that give the salary back to the party , to people listed as assistants but doing bodyguard jobs , to people actually working as assistants but not for their meps , to people that seem legit ( e.g. 
  one of melenchon 's assistants that is being questioned was getting paid for 3.5 hrs a week of consulting , while obviously having a side job ) . 
  adding the multitude of situations with the two contract types ( accredited vs. local ) and the possibility of part-time makes the different investigations hard for me to understand and compare . 
  i would be interested in an in-depth investigation piece that compares the investigations not only on a national level , but at european level . 
  ireland numbers looks like a tour-de-france competitor 's drug test . 
  spain is going to piss off both the spanish and the catalans , well played !,
