you need to know more about how the military works before you speak . 
  very few of all the drafted get selected to actually join . 
  or are you sitting there telling me women are n't good enough to be in the army ? 
  are they to fragile ? 
  or what is you are saying ? 
  best person for each role , and this is the only right way to find the best people for the roles that need to be filled . 
  during an actual real war , it do n't matter if you want to be a part or not . 
  as proven time and time again , civilians are n't exactly excluded from war . 
  they way it works here , is you get drafted , and if you 're one of the lucky few ( not that many get to go ) who actually gets to be a part of it , you 'll get some common sense and a few lpt for a year . 
  then you 're done , if you 've decided during your time there , that you want to be part of the military , you can start going further and join the military . 
  there are n't very many disadvantages with being there , good food , tons of free classes , additional free education , courses ect . 
  the number one reason you will never met them , is because they want to only keep to them self , their own kind , in a country , that is n't theirs . 
  they can freely join in , and adjust , and pick up the culture that is here . 
  that 's what you do when you come to a new country , you adjust to the new environment and culture , you do n't try to bring your own culture , habits and religion there . 
  respect is very important in the middle east , but they do n't like showing the same respect when they get to be somewhere much better . 
  and it 's much better for a reason . 
  and that is exactly what i do , i judge them by their actions . 
  and when they do n't want to become a part of their new environment and culture , and keep to their old and outdated ways ( yes , they are very outdated in today 's nordic countries ) , people do get an issue with them . 
  do you really think that one person who smuggled his way to wherever you live , is the same as the 100.000 people ? 
  he is someone who really really wanted to get away from his country , he did his best , and he worked for every step of it . 
  if you see him as the same as 100.000 who will be randomly brought into a country , you should take a good hard look at it again . 
  he have activly worked for it . 
  he wants it , more then any one ( maybe a few there that wants it as much ) of those , and worked to keep it , and to get it . 
  people who works for something , will do the work to adjust them self . 
  there is a major difference which ca n't even be compared . 
  everyone are okay with people like him , because he will adjust to what he go 's to , and not the other way around . 
  media ? 
  this have nothing to do with media , it have something to do with your eyes . 
  this is things you notice on what gets built , peoples dressing codes , the way they refuse to be a part of the countries communities because we do n't do things the way they did at home . 
  this have nothing to with media , this is about people noticing things in the street , noticing things from their friends , noticing things getting built . 
  if you go to a country , you adjust to them , not the other way around . 
  people do n't have a problem with immigrants , people have a problem with we having to adjust to their ways , in our countries . 
  if i want to be a part of iraq , i do n't expect the whole fucking country to adjust to me . 
  you 're a bit delusional are n't you ? 
  never been in any of the nordic once have you ? 
  the amount of complaining that is done towards eastern european/russian immigration to our countries are fairly loud . 
  and yes , there is a lot of complaints about middle eastern immigration to our countries , but not any less then eastern europeans . 
  i would n't mind then coming here , if they adjusted to the country they are going to , instead of demanding the population of the country to adjust to them . 
  if i 'm going to their countries , i 'm not going to demand them to stop doing their religious be just because it 's not something we do here , i 'm not going to demand then to build schools that fit me , i 'm not going to demand then to build church 's that fit me . 
  in going to adjust to them , i 'll use their stupid dress codes , i 'll go to their schools , i 'll eat their kind of food . 
  i 'll be respectful towards how they have it , in their country . 
  he is talking about something subjective , everyone knows what they are taking about . 
  seems to be mostly based on speculation , abusing what a lot of the western world thinks about russia . 
  it 's as simple to get the western world to believe russia did < insert bs  as it is to make russians believe the us did < insert bs  . 
  all that is needed is speculating about what things might be , and people will flock to their own side , because they ca n't possible be lying . 
  governments , misleading the world , on all sides since the beginning of time . 
  you call me narrowminded , while that is what you want to push people to see , only one way . 
  is a highway really the same as a body ? 
  did the government create the body like they did with the highway ? 
  do the highway have thought ? 
  the body of a human does n't belong the general population . 
  and no i 'm not an american , but i 'm glad to see you go for assumptions , just like you like to call people stupid because they do n't have the same view on things as you . 
  fits right into dictatorship tho . 
  better health would lower the chances of a vaccine to fail , or even the need for that vaccine in the first place , so if it 's so okay to remove freedom and choices , why not take it all the way ? 
  next time you vote , you should look for [ this ] ( http://specials-images.forbesimg.com/imageserve/0fzo4djdpq7va/0x600.jpg?fit=scale&amp;background=000000 ) guy , or maybe [ this ] ( http://specials-images.forbesimg.com/imageserve/0c1v5df9qs1lr/0x600.jpg?fit=scale&amp;background=000000 ) guy , i 'm sure they they would be more then willing to accommodate the need to force things upon their people if they had the economy for it . 
  yes , it 's extreme , but so is forcing something upon your people . 
  so you are for the government deciding what you can give to your child ? 
  what food , candy and so on ? 
  because this is what you are saying . 
  so in short , governments should regulate what food you let your child eat , as well as what activities they get to do . 
  not all activities are healthy , and far from all the food we feed or children is healthy . 
   ** the child 's right to health is above parent 's right to make wrong decisions **, 
  we should do this with everything . 
  parents who give children unhealthy candy or food should be dragged out on the street and shot , as an example for all the other terrible parents out there . 
  children should n't be allowed to play together either . 
  as they can be mean to each other , any parent being seen doing this , should also be dragged out and you know , be finished as an example . 
  let 's have governments completely control our life . 
  yes , i 'm taking it to the extreme , i would vaccinate by children , as it 's what i see as the best for my child , and that is my choice . 
  if you choose not to do the same , that is his choice , not mine . 
  educate people , do n't force actions onto them . 
  deal , you wo n't join before japan force you into the war , just like last time . 
  so anyone that do n't have the same opinion that you ate an idiot . 
  that makes you an idiot , as i do n't agree with you , having different opinions are good . 
  you really should check up what eurasia is . 
  every european and asian is one . 
  20 % is massive . 
  there is a lot of ways to end someones life . 
  if one of all those ways are 20 % , that 's a massive share . 
  just to bad they seem to not be adjusting . 
  the day you leave your country to run to a euro one , you know this is n't just frowned upon where you are going , but against their laws . 
  exactly , relative , they are n't at home any more , change your morals , adjust to your new environment . 
  not our problem you bought a watch . 
  get a phone next time . 
  saves you fiddling . 
  it 's a few years beyond the warranty , which was 3 years . 
  i 'm not sure of the word in english , but in norway it 's called reklamasjon . 
  depending on the product it 's from 2 to 5 year 's . 
  the manufacturer have no saying in it , not so the store . 
  if it 's a cheap coffee machine you ca n't really expect it to last more then 2 years , even if they often do . 
  but if it 's an expensive one , 5 years apply to the product . 
  many countries in europe have had strong consumer laws long before the eu came around . 
  the advantage of eu is that they can speak with one voice for these countries , which give them power . 
  my country is european but not part of the eu with great consumer laws . 
  but it do n't help much alone , but the eu have actual pull with 100s of millions of people behind it . 
  as an example , my graphics card was recently ruined . 
  it 's 5 years old in feb. 
  i got a full refund because it was not my fault it broke . 
  after 4 years and 9 months . 
  maybe now , it was however used a lot when it came around all over reddit . 
  t_d is probably just a bit on the slow side,
