oh , my bad , i thought you meant `` all meals '' like breakfast , lunch , and dinner answers or just the main meal of the day . 
  wow , i had no idea bread was so big in germany !, 
  that 's pretty cool !, 
  thanks !, 
  that sounds yummy . 
  what 's the texture like ? 
  it looks sort of liquidy , like cereal with macaroni instead of cereal . 
  if you like , just one is fine too . 
  the question is just a general catch all for `` what are some meals you make while broke . '', 
  like chef boyardee ? 
  haha , fair enough . 
  you mean the fermented cabbage ? 
  is that eaten like a sandwich ? 
  it sounds like it would soak through bread w/o anything else on it . 
  that looks delicious ! , i have n't seen something like that before . 
  i 've heard they actually have a pretty comprehensive support system for mormon kids doing their required year of proselytisation abroad . 
  it 's kind of their equivalent of the jewish pilgramicdge i think . 
  it 's less of a `` first utah then the world ! '', 
  thing and more of a way to give their kids a gap year to travel and learn about other cultures ( erh , sand religion obviously ) around the world . 
  although obviously they are sincerely trying to convert places without exposure to them , and since it 's a religion that started inside the usa that means mostly places outside the usa . 
  they 're kind of weird and a bit of a pain in the ass when it comes to trying to convert you but it seems cruel to mock them by jeering some dumb south park song at them : /, 
  my grandfather was in the navy and spent most of his time in the pacific so his war was more towards the japanese . 
  that being said from what i 've heard of his opinion he did n't hold any ill will towards anyone , from his perspective they were all out there for the same reason , someone higher up the food chain said march so they marched . 
  the average german had as little say in his situation as my grandad had in his as the average japanese had in his . 
  from his perspective . 
  ( apologies in advance because i know it 's super annoying when americans answer qs in ask europe but - ) just some personal advice my dude , if your planning on going anywhere in the world and being loud , obnoxious , uncomfortable and completely self focused ; yeah probably a good idea to stay away from liquor . 
  that 's sort of a universal irritation . 
  update : you can edit out your original description railing against americas `` bully worship culture '' and how american people `` worship bullies '' into something more tame to try and avoid down-votes , and tilt the perception of late comers , but that does n't mean you did n't say that . 
  you ca n't say something false with rude insinuations about americans supporting bullying and then edit your original comment later to try to play the victim and claim people responding to your original comments are bullies because after edit their responses look off topic and disproportionate . 
  all anyone who is curious has to do is look into you comment and question history to see your other trolly comments where you bash the states and then claim your being bullied when you get a reaction . 
  the person getting defensive here is you . 
  i do n't have kids but to assume i spoil them is a baseless assumption and difficult not to read as purely a personal attack , amongst some of the other things you said , but i digress . 
  i 'm not going to make another long post about this but what your describing here is confirmation bias . 
  `` i think americans are bully 's so anyone who upvotes must be american . '', 
  this is ask europe , it may be one of the few subs that is not american dominated . 
  you have no idea who 's up voting what . 
  asking a question while unnecessarily making a false statement about america ( a country completely irrelevant to your question ) and then attacking any american who points out your assumption is n't supported by actual data or our lived experiences is being willfully ignorant . 
  you have a misconception about american culture . 
  we 're trying to correct you . 
  refusing the listen is pointless . 
  it just comes across as you 're looking for a fight . 
  why else include like 2 paragraphs about americans `` worshipping bullies '' in your pre edited description ? 
  there 's no point in continuing this conversation , you have no interest in hearing about the lived experiences of americans and just want to believe what you 've assumed . 
  play victim all you want . 
  edit : i 've never said america does n't have problems , i 've never even said bullying is n't a problem in schools . 
  i 'm far from blindly patriotic , and nothing i 've said has indicated that i am like that . 
  this is just another assumption on your part . 
  my point is from my lived experience the bullying problem in america is comparable to the bullying problem in other western countries . 
  and i gave multiple examples as to how american schools attempt to handle that problem as evidence that `` bully worship culture '' is an inaccurate assumption . 
  that 's not jingoism , that 's reality . 
  that 's my experience . 
  you 've received data and multiple personal anecdotes that do not support your claim that americans `` worship bullies '' . 
  ( though you did seem to feel the need to edit out about two paragraphs calling americans bully worshippers of your original question description ) if you 've already decided what you think in-spite of any evidence and your mind will not be changed by what people who are actually from the country tell you then there 's no point in me continuing to respond . 
  believe whatever you want to believe . 
  update : you can edit out your original description railing against americas `` bully worship culture '' and how american people `` worship bullies '' into something more tame to try and avoid down-votes , and tilt the perception of late comers , but that does n't mean you did n't say that . 
  you ca n't say something false with rude insinuations about americans supporting bullying and then edit your original comment later to try to play the victim and claim people responding to your original comments are bullies because after edit their responses look off topic and disproportionate . 
  all anyone who is curious has to do is look into your comment and question history to see your other trolly questions and comments where you bash the states and then claim your being bullied when you get a reaction . 
  why does he have to provide data based evidence but you do n't ? 
  ( update : you edit one in later w/o source ) you 're the one who ` se making an pretty jarring claim . 
  your asserting it 's not only unusually common but even `` worshipped '' in american culture , patently untrue . 
  but you do n't feel you have to provide any evidence . 
  have you even been in our school system ? 
  have you seen our national anti-bullying campaigns on tv and radio ? 
  where are you getting this idea from ? 
  i 'd like to see your data because you assumption sounds false to me and other americans in this thread . 
  according to the data he provided america is on par with , a little higher or a little lower than a lot of the other nations in this forum saying it 's not that big a problem in their country . 
  so if you consider them to be telling the truth by your own scale what your saying is untrue . 
  and frankly it 's a bit rich to cry bully for being insulted after you posted an insulting insinuation . 
  and if people bothered to look at your other questions they would also wonder whether you were a troll or ( and this is n't meant in an offensive way ) someone with underdeveloped social skills , which is indicative of some conditions . 
  yes he said it in a nasty way , but if go out of your way to insult people is n't it expected for them to insult you back ? 
  when your being mean spirited it 's `` controversial '' but when he does it back it 's `` bullying '' ? 
  edit : and for the record i was bullied quite badly as a child , more so than anyone i know , however from stories i 've heard from other european countries there 's stories like mine all over ( western europe admittedly , i really have n't spoken to many people from central or easter europe . ), 
  and considering the massive movements and campaigns against school bullying that i see on tv or radio , particularly against lgbt kids , as well as the many assemblies we had on bullying all through my school years , as well as the general representation in american media of the bully being the bad guy ; i find it baffling to be told america has a bully worship culture !, 
  frankly it just comes across as you saying , in a roundabout way , that you think americans are mean spirited people . 
  ( at least in your pre edited description that seemed to be what you were implying , especially when coupled with some of your other questions and comments . ), 
  and trump is a false comparison , yeah he 's an asshole and a bully , but that 's the biggest criticism against him even amongst his die hard supporters . 
  his election had everything to do with voter apathy/issues with hillary clinton / a growing contempt for life long politicians / people feeling like the other option would n't care about them and trump would ( which they 're learning now the hard way that he does n't ) . 
  him being elected certainly is n't an indicator americans worships bullies . 
  it 's a very complex issue that has nothing to do with that . 
  essentially bullying + self righteous excuses that you 're allowed to bully them because there 's health risks that come with obesity . 
  people who do it justify it because they think they 're actions are excused because fatness is n't healthy people who are against it point out `` yeah sure but that does n't have anything to do with you being cruel towards other human beings . '', 
  thank you !, 
  can someone please link to to a picture of what is described as `` a shelf to look at your poop before you flush '' because i 'm on school wifi rn and i really do n't want `` german poop shelf '' in my google history . 
  also this is fascinating . 
  edit : preferably sans poop, 
  that 's a very interesting perspective , thank you !, 
  thank you for the explanation of the road system !, 
  that makes a lot of sense . 
  the appeal is largely the aspect of i guess `` micro traveling '' i ca n't really think of a word for it . 
  but instead of just taking a plane from nyc to la you spend your time getting across the country and visiting small sites or national park and eating in small towns and seeing sites and experiencing small places you would n't find on the travel guide . 
  the american cross country rail system is pretty limited and only recently ( to my knowledge ) became more accessible price wise . 
  however it 's still several hundred dollars for a sleeping cabin ticket and you ca n't spread out the costs between several friends like you can on a road trip . 
  plus it 's not uncommon to meet new friends of friends on a road trip while looking for people to fill out the car . 
  i see you 're point though but just thought to offer an explanation of why it has an appeal . 
  thank you for your answer !, 
  that 's a very insightful answer , thank you !, 
  how popular is `` going on drives '' as a hubby or hang out activity in europe ? 
  i kind of get the impression from this answer and a few others that for some european countries driving is seen as a chore . 
  thank you for your insightful answer !, 
  very informative !,
