  ukrainians do n't have a burning passion for pan-europeanism in the way that , say , the belgians or the dutch do , but they see europe as a glimmer of hope to escape the russian sphere that they hate so much . 
  i 've got * asterix le gaulois * somewhere in my bedroom . 
  it 's not just you guys who love asterix . 
  let 's bypass the `` no true scotsman '' quagmire and get to the facts . 
  [ the egp `` supports the closure of all nuclear programmes in the eu and elsewhere as soon as technically feasible . 
  '' ] ( http://policy.greenparty.org.uk/eu ) i will not vote for a party that has this policy , as it threatens to shut off one of our precious few exits from the looming ecological problems facing humanity . 
  ironically , the greens are a greater threat to the ecosystem than most political parties i know of . 
  i did know , but i do n't care because they 're adamantly anti-technology , especially nuclear . 
  for a start , i do n't like how it 's tried to pretend it 's from the eu when it 's actually not , and does not necessarily reflect the eu 's position on the matter . 
  the pertinent question is n't really if new countries will have eu membership , it 's whether their membership itself will be new . 
  it 's an important distinction to make because a lot of eu agreements have provisions for opt-outs for countries that were members before the agreement occurred . 
  for example , if scotland became independent , would it automatically have an indefinite opt-out from the schengen agreement and the eurozone , like it did as part of the uk ? 
  nono , * brazil * is the new australia of africa . 
  chile 's the new japan of america . 
  yeah . 
  even when we 're `` pro-europe '' on any particular subject it seems like we 're still against everyone . 
  such is life . 
  huh , i was wondering why this was not the case only a month ago , and now it could possibly happen . 
  good , sounds like we 're not losing turkey yet . 
  no , although it will kill the `` leave the eu '' campaign dead for the next 40 years or so . 
  joining the euro or the schengen zones will be a separate battle . 
  while it 's mainly a symbolic gesture for the pro-referendum voters , it 's not entirely irrelevent . 
  it will force a post-2015 labour led government to abandon its relative neutrality , and potentially be embarrassing for them if they 're recorded on camera repealing a referendum bill . 
  in addition , it improves the conservative 's negotiation position if they have to lead a minority or coalition government , both of which they promised to still be sufficient condition for the referendum to go ahead . 
  i do n't think you can define it in a rigorous way , though . 
  how many people does it take ? 
  how long do they have to be there ? 
  do you assume that everyone that is n't protesting supports you ? 
  the only thing that we have is a vote of no confidence . 
  yes , i think there are laws against it . 
  if you think croatia is surprising , check out the uk : `` no act of parliament can be unconstitutional , for the law of the land knows not the word or the idea . '', 
  that said , it 's not a good idea to not have a constitution , we 've gotten away with not needing one just by blind luck . 
  you do judge it by its ability to enable the 51 % to rule , actually . 
  protecting minority rights is something which happens through education and free public discourse , and then democracy allows those qualities to feed through to the political process . 
  this free discourse will not happen if we do not allow the croation people to say and decide with what they really think , even we we do not agree with them . 
  it 's a long game that takes generations . 
  to be fair , at least they 're being democratic and having a referendum about it , and that means accepting the result even if we do n't like it . 
  things can always change in the future , even if it takes as long in the east as it did in the west . 
  the eu has not said anything on the matter with regards to other member states which do not allow same-sex marriage , so it 's effectively established marriage as outside its jurisdiction . 
  are we pretending that all politics is like american politics or something ? 
  greek politics just replaced one of its two main parties , and the uk is in a coalition due to public disillusionment with the establishment , from a break of nearly 70 years , and people are talking about a second hung parliament coming . 
  the uk 's voting system obviously needs replacing , but largely i 'd say democracy is upending establishments pretty regularly in europe right now . 
  good . 
  we need to think hard about what form the eu should take in the future . 
  if it 's the same as it was 10 years ago , something has gone horribly wrong . 
  no , it has n't been lost , but the eu ca n't really do anything about what 's happening other than keep the offer open . 
  it 's down to the public protesting and pressuring the ukrainian government now . 
  for a start , it 's not going to happen unless something extraordinary changes the situation drastically , which is unlikely at this point . 
  however , i think it has sparked a public discussion about decentralisation and moving power away from london . 
  i personally favour a federal-like structure for the uk , as evidently unitary governance is no longer supported by the population . 
  no matter what the result , i can see plenty more powers heading towards the regional bodies , and potentially new ones being set up as well . 
  it 's a simple majority either way . 
  ca n't shear the cavaliere ? 
  chile : the noodle of countries . 
  i agree , although i 'd add in belarus , kazakhstan , uzbekistan , krygyzstan , turkmenistan and tajikistan to be part of the russian geopolitical region . 
  yes . 
  that 's what happens when you make the two big powers on either side of you compete for your affections . 
  i mean it 's bullshit to claim that turkey is not european , not that the concept of being european is itself bullshit . 
  quit your stereotypes based on my nationality , i do n't appreciate it . 
  wow , okay . 
  mind blown . 
  edit : germany would still be the largest member , turkey would be the second largest , although your point still stands . 
  editedit : okay , [ research time ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_turkey_to_the_european_union#foreign_relations_with_eu_member_states ) !, 
  turns out we are both half-right . 
  germany and france oppose , on the shaky bases that turkey is not `` european '' ( which is of course bullshit ) . 
  [ uk is actually very much for turkey joining ] ( http://www.hurriyet.com.tr/english/turkey/8927125.asp?gid=231&amp;sz=72094 ) . 
  greece opposes on condition that northern cyprus is still `` occupied '' . 
  turkey does n't even recognise the republic of cyprus , which in itself is obviously a condition for joining the eu . 
  the problem in turkey is in no way cultural . 
  it 's occupying half of cyprus , that 's the crux of the matter . 
  since accession to the union rightly requires unanimity of all of the current member states , and greece and cyprus will always veto , there 's no point moving forward with turkey until something changes with respect to northern cyprus . 
  the part that said that member states must be free democracies that respect the rule of law , that 's where . 
  it really depends on what the proposals are . 
  without that , all we can do is go through the regular argument of the british and french opposing because we 'd shoulder the vast majority of the financial burden and how a common foreign policy is impossible in europe because there is n't one . 
  due to the world wars , each nation all have wildly different ideas on how big our military should be and how acceptable pre-emptive action is , so a unified military will either be a very expensive lame duck or unacceptably authoritarian . 
  we 're not all in nato , some of us are neutral , some believe almost solely in self-defence , some believe in active engagement . 
  not to mention how much more difficult it will make encouraging eastern partnership countries to join . 
  i think a big problem is that the tenure of a commissioner is not tied to the government that nominated him or her . 
  the current commissioner from the uk , baroness ashton is a peer from the labour party , which was voted out of government in 2010 . 
  she never won an election , but she gets a bigger salary than our prime minister . 
  i know that the lisbon treaty improved the democratic situation immensely , but a reform of how the commission works will make any criticisms of a `` democratic deficit '' and all that jazz completely unfounded . 
  a democracy is only as strong as its weakest point . 
  apart from the commission , which is what people mean when they say `` brussels '' in this context . 
  they do n't mean the parliament or the councils . 
  this is precisely what they 're doing , and it may well work . 
  yeah , that 's what i 'm referring to . 
  i do n't believe it 's against eu law now , but it will be when all eu countries become obligated to lift all visa restrictions on bulgarians and romanians at the start of 2014 , regardless of whether they fully join schengen or not . 
  they do n't have equal rights yet , but they will very soon . 
  i 'd agree with you if this happened after december 31st , but bulgarians and romanians currently have a different set of visa restrictions to all * other eu countries , so for now they can be treated separately . 
  hopefully this will be resolved before the deadline . 
  that said , it * could * be flat out discrimination , getting a last jab at them before it becomes illegal to do so , but there is a reasonable explanation for this . 
  * for now , excluding croatia and cyprus . 
  i think the point is that the sheer amount of applications was indicative that something was wrong with the system , possibly fraud . 
  it 's similar to how hospitals are put under review if too many people are dying , even if the deaths are seemingly unrelated . 
  looking at the results , it does n't really seem that way . 
  usually it 's easy to pin point a disproportionate flaw in the system , but there 's nothing that really be done if the people 's party received 44.6 % of the vote . 
  that 's more than the csu of germany , which is considered very popular by european standards . 
  you 've outlined well why the ep should n't have that kind of power unilaterally , but this is why many federal states have a senate , where states have equal representation , which is something we should be considering . 
  you know , i feel that it 's not just the eu whose interest it is for ukraine to join the eu and leave the russian sphere , how about we ask for help from countries like the us ? 
  no , really .
