  i 'd rather they did n't have those powers , but it would n't be the end of the world . 
  so , it 's a european prime minister ? 
  i 'd actually be far happier with that . 
  the lack of transparency and democracy in the eu is the source of farage 's persuasive power . 
  fix that , and not only would ukip melt away , we 'll end up with an eu that all member states will be proud to be a part of . 
  in a way , i 'm glad ukip exists . 
  it 's got everyone moving and building . 
  the ft * website * . 
  the foundation of british political beliefs is , generally speaking , much more pragmatic than idealistic . 
  it 's the primary difference between us and the americans . 
  for us , the concept of strong governments and simple logical systems holds significant value that is in competition with being more `` democratic '' . 
  fptp , regardless of what people think of its representative flaws , does produce strong governments , and our parliament still has plenty of represented parties . 
  it 's worked for us , so there 's no need to fix it . 
  enough with the snark , you can call it independence if you want , but `` indepedencism '' just sounds stupid . 
  this argument is semantic and pointless . 
  uh , what else are you going to call it ? 
  i think you 're trying to find conflict where there is none , a common theme amongst scottish nationalists . 
   a report earlier this year found that 38 % of bnp supporters considered armed conflict to be `` always or sometimes justifiable '' . 
  more than 48 % believed it was either always or sometimes justifiable to `` prepare yourself for conflict between groups '' in order to defend the `` national way of life '' . 
  i do n't agree with the edl or the bnp at all , but i smell fear-mongering . 
  how many people supported the libyan rebels , who took up armed conflict with gaddafi loyalists ? 
  or the syrian rebels against assad ? 
  the guardian is trying to give readers the impression that these small edl and bnp groups are bursting to get into armed conflict with the muslim population , when actually a lot of people regardless of political affiliation would say yes to these questions , at least in the way this report is phrasing them . 
  it entirely depends on what the groups are . 
  regardless , i would like to see the actual study and see how representative the report actually is . 
  yes , he/she is . 
  these kinds of separations can only be resolved through rational discourse and a treaty or referendum , not fighting . 
  israel ca n't destroy or assimilate the palestinians , and the palestinians ca n't force israel out of palestine . 
  anything less than a two-state solution would be a violation of the principle of self-determination . 
  it amazes me how the greens manage to mess up their only job ; having environmentally friendly policies . 
  i would n't call myself a socialist by any means , but i hollande 's starting to grow on me . 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  a lot of people here come from isreal . 
  i do n't know about you , but i think it 's worse that there is such a thing as a european president and europe ca n't vote for him as a whole . 
  precisely . 
  requesting assange would be enough to break the back of a treaty already under pressure . 
  i 'd like to mention that this theory is still unproven and i 'm not entirely convinced by it myself , but without further diplomatic cable leaks on the subject , possibly submitted anonymously to an online whistleblowing service , it seems to be the most reasonable theory we have so far . 
  as for the reason why the us has n't requested an extradition from the uk in the first place , that 's not entirely clear . 
  a popular theory is that the uk-us extradition treaty is already very unpopular with the uk public and a high-profile enactment of it would likely result in the treaty being renegotiated away from the us 's favour , which is an unacceptable loss of influence for the americans . 
  thanks !, 
  here , i 'll be brave and do it first . 
  you never seem to hear much from the far-left nowadays . 
  what are they up to ? 
  i really want to keep an eye on this , whether it succeeds or not . 
  if it does succeed , this could be very exciting . 
  good luck to the people in parma !, 
  that 's still a human . 
  it 's not something that changes through your actions or opinions . 
  in fact , the fact that they are capable of those actions and opinions is what makes them human in the first place . 
  these are problems we must all struggle through as humans , not as machines , otherwise we only become unacceptable according to our own rules and everything collapses into a lie . 
  that 's a glorious idea . 
  i 'll be honest , i would n't mind moving to canada to work because i hear that they have a far bigger job-to-applicant ratio than the uk . 
  also , i love canadians and the fact their culture seems to take all the best bits from the americans and virtually nothing else . 
  has it ever occurred to you that 's it 's not about loving gypsies at all and more hating the idea of state-mandated killing of human beings ? 
  the difference is that boris knows where to toe the line . 
  he 's not stupid , unlike this guy . 
  a government making contingency plans for anything is almost never news . 
  all governments make contingency plans for everything from economic strategy changes to world war 3 . 
  that does n't make it any more or less likely to happen , it 's just standard operating procedure . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's not a problem !, 
  that 's very true . 
  i do n't think the comparison is valid . 
  being a two-party state , the us is much less democratic in its choice of candidates , and obama would have to do some seriously shitty stuff to be worse than the republicans . 
  even if obama only reduced the deficit by a quarter , i 'd be forced to vote for him simply to keep the republicans out . 
  the british conservatives ( who i did actually vote for , by the way ) , on the other hand , has a much more varied opposition . 
  if they do n't hit their economic targets , then the whole reason why i voted for them would have been wasted and i would look at the alternatives . 
  i was under the impression that romney has absolutely no chance . 
  what 's the polls in america saying ? 
  well of course it would have helped if they had apologised , but they 're all dead now . 
  hell , the names of almost all of the specific people involved are forgotten . 
  i am perfectly aware of the terrible things that british people did to others all around the world in the past , including all of the slavery , subjugation , invasion and exploitation . 
  but i did n't commit any of those things , and neither did anyone else who has the capacity to perform the act of apologising . 
  if germany apologised about the actions of the nazis in the year 2295 ( 350 years after the end of wwii ) , which is approximately equivalent to what you 're asking timeline-wise , it really would n't change anything at that point . 
  again , everyone who was involved would be long dead , it 's physically impossible for the appropriate people to apologise and that 's that . 
  ooh , i 'm curious , why do you think our constitutional monarchy is silly ? 
  republicans are quite rare in britain , but i 'd be curious to hear an outsider 's viewpoint on the subject . 
  i ca n't emphasise this enough , the british do n't actually eat very much `` british '' food , so saying our food is bad does n't actually mean very much to us . 
  we have more places that serve indian food than fish and chips . 
  gay marriage is pretty much guaranteed to happen before the next election in 2015 , with cross-party support , if that puts you a bit more at ease . 
  it 's just that the details and time to debate it need to be hammered out . 
  ... really ? 
  i better start ordering a formal apology and reparations from the italian government then for the actions of the roman empire then . 
  seriously , everyone involved in that is long dead now . 
  what makes you think that an apology from anyone nowadays will have any relevance or meaning ? 
  save formal apologies for issues that wo n't devalue the concept . 
  from the perspective of a brit who never experienced the troubles , while our history is complicated , i 'd our relationship to be similar to that of two brothers . 
  we have had our squabbles , but we 've grown older and wiser for it , and nowadays there 's really no reason for us to not get along . 
  that 's only the case for people who are n't interested in politics . 
  for you , you have potential . 
  talk with the local hq of the political party that most closely aligns with your views . 
  griffin does n't have enough seats or allies to be considered dangerous . 
  to top it off , the bnp is n't even in a group . 
  contrast with farage , who is popular , one of the most well known european politicians , and is a co-leader and dominant force in his own parliamentary group , the efd . 
  hint , capitalising random words does not make your argument sound edgier . 
  it makes you sound insane . 
  a pity really , because underneath that you 're raising a valid point . 
  can someone eli5 about the political state of belarus ? 
  it would be much appreciated . 
  most parliaments , especially those modelled after westminster , have a `` free speech '' clause , which means representatives ca n't be prosecuted for what they say or vote for so long as it is part of parliamentary proceedings , which is what slovakia is switching to .
