  i live in norfolk , england . 
  the eu plates are fairly common . 
  aaaaand this is the problem i have with constitutions . 
  you screw something up and it 's stuck there basically forever . 
  closing the vatican embassy and the religious status of your president does n't actually help citizens , though . 
  it 's talking the talk instead of walking the walk . 
  nothing is going the change the fact that ireland 's abortion laws are backward other than actually changing them . 
  eh heh , steady on . 
  work towards the criteria of being a candidate first . 
  that itself will take longer than 5 years . 
  thank you , i think . 
  china 's got the problem of an ageing population , though . 
  that might prove a problem for them in the long term . 
  that 's amazing . 
  i wonder if it smells like france too . 
  i 've been in there . 
  beautiful place . 
  i think a great britain-ireland tunnel has been long overdue . 
  good job . 
  you sure ? 
  the [ wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/declaration_of_neutrality ) seemed quite confident that it was a constitutional thing . 
  alas , my german is terrible , so it 's a bit difficult for me to research it . 
  admittedly , if russia changed their ways and became allies like most of the rest of the former ussr , then the argument for getting rid of them would be much more reasonable . 
  however , for as long as there are nuclear-armed countries who are reasonably considered to have the potential to be hostile , then we must have them as well . 
  in our country , we have such a thing as shadow cabinets . 
  parties in opposition must nominate the people that they would have assigned to be ministers would they have formed the government . 
  typically ministers are challenged by their shadow counterparts . 
  this informs the public on the direction that opposition parties could provide . 
  in the european parliament , there is no compulsory expression of alternate policy . 
  there is only the ruling coalition and no information on the opposition . 
  secondly , we require all government ministers to be elected members of parliament , again a principle that the ep does not apply . 
  thirdly , the european council are not elected on the basis of who they 'd nominate for the commission . 
  they are free to pick and choose who they want well after they have been elected ( or even elected by second degree ) . 
  similarly , the parliament is not elected on the basis of which standard commissioners they would approve or disapprove of . 
  standard commissioners ( i.e. 
  not the president ) are no more elected than members of the house of lords . 
  ah , that 's pretty cool , never thought of it that way . 
  aaaaand now i want that t-shirt . 
  also crossposting my comment reply from the / r/vexillology thread ;  hey , i de-grungified this . 
  if i recall , it was a deal with the allies ( france , uk , us , ussr ) after wwii that , in return for the end of occupation and a declaration of independence , they 'd also put a declaration of permanent armed neutrality in their constitution , joining neither nato nor the warsaw pact . 
  in other news they 're also banned from unifying with germany . 
  this was also essentially a treaty between the nato states of france , uk and the us that prohibits us from asking austria to join nato , so even though russia as successor to the ussr does n't have a great reputation of abiding by treaties ( e.g. 
  the budapest memorandum guaranteeing ukraine 's territorial integrity ) , the reputation of the west is also on the line . 
  in other words , austria really lucked out and get a free pass from russia vs. nato conflicts . 
  cheers . 
  i 'll try to use that site in these situations in the future . 
  yeah , that seems to be lining up with the rest i 'm seeing . 
  deficit 's been going down since the spike in 2009-2010 . 
  on another note , is it me or is it really difficult to get easily manipulable economic data on the internet ? 
   the deficit has actually gone up . 
  please give a source on that , because the [ information ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/timwigmore/100264328/budget-2014-the-five-graphs-you-need-to-see/ ) i 'm [ reading ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2010/oct/18/deficit-debt-government-borrowing-data ) tells me we 've definitely been reducing our deficit , though admittedly not at a massive rate . 
  it could well be that it 's a question of balance , and we 've happened to get it right , and the troika has been too overzealous with hammering home the austerity . 
  we 've been doing lots of austerity too , though . 
  i 'm just wondering if the reason for the divergence might be something to do with the euro . 
  thank you . 
  [ man , i swear i 'd travelled more . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cwphvr6.png ) i guess you 're at a bit of a disadvantage in terms of region filling when you take the plane to most places . 
  eurostar will only take me so far !, 
  man , and i thought the chunnel between us and france was ambitious . 
  sure sure , i 'm not saying it 's a bad idea to start reducing the hours per day , if we did it by just one hour we 'd be a much healthier society and i 'd probably be doing alright with a job right now , i 'm just saying that in personal experience politics is overwhelmingly reactionary instead of anticipatory , and things will get worse before they get better . 
  it 's human nature . 
  we get by on it , but it 's not an optimal situation . 
  if basic income happens , it 's going to be in reaction to high joblessness due to automation , not beforehand . 
  in the meantime , i need to put food on the table . 
  haha , alright , you got me worried for a sec . 
  :p i do n't know if i 'd take it up as a career , just consider it as a backup option . 
  i 've had my fair share of let downs so far , career wise , might be a good idea to add a string to my bow . 
  i 'm on the computer all the time anyway . 
  cgpgrey may well be describing something which will become a serious problem for the next generation and not mine , but considering the differences between the employment experiences of my parents and my own , this is striking a chord . 
  i 've been putting it off for too long , and i feel vulnerable in more ways than one . 
  if shit hits the fan and programmers are out of work , then everything else will probably have already gone and we wo n't need jobs anyway . 
  why not ? 
  ... i should learn how to do computer programming . 
  no it 's not . 
  the pirate parties were . 
  the question is whether or not podemos can become the first reasonably successful political party using reddit as a campaign platform . 
  belarus needs russia to survive economically for its own regime to survive , as its own economy is tied quite tightly with them , and needs to keep its own citizens fed at the very least to not revolt . 
  i do n't think it 's quite playing both sides , but more that they are really nervous about the kremlin pulling bullshit which damages russia 's economic stability . 
  the eea food sanction is completely against belarusian interests , so if they can find a way to subvert it for russia 's own good , they will do so . 
  this is n't out of any kind of warming to the eu , it 's just that they have no interest in russian political ambitions in ukraine/moldova but a massive personal stake in the russian economy . 
  no they have n't . 
  if you still have romanian citizenship and have a passport to prove it , then you have a right to live and work in the united kingdom , since both countries are part of the european union ( or more specifically the european economic area ) . 
  london 's good to live in if you 've got the financial means to support yourself , otherwise it 's prohibitively expensive . 
  if you 've got an offer in your modelling business , then go ahead !, 
  do n't forget to visit the rest of england though !, 
  here 's the thing with schengen ; it requires trust and cooperation between states . 
  it means following the rules , and enforcing them as needed to keep that trust going . 
  this is a symbol of a breakdown of that trust , what happens when people do n't follow the rules . 
  if we were in schengen they 'd likely be over here and would likely never be caught . 
  we should n't need to check this border , but we are forced to because of negligence by france and almost certainly several other states these `` asylum seekers '' passed through without applying for asylum in . 
  i feel disgusted to say that i 'm glad we 've opted out . 
  the eu and france must act on this now . 
  if necessary we could organise an asylum seeker distribution programme to share the load by legal means . 
  that sounds like something that can easily be discerned by asking whether or not they have claimed asylum in france or not . 
  in some areas yes , others no . 
  there is the question of jurisdiction when it comes to the eu , and marching in like that is n't something that is worth spending political capital on . 
  eu law already has a set of minimum requirements . 
  for example , cyprus 's ban on gay people serving in the military is not enforced because eu law prevents it . 
  there are anti-discrimination laws in specific areas , particularly economic ones like employment , which are also guaranteed at an eu level . 
  i think the most the eu could do that it is n't already doing is explore the possibility of mutual recognition of same-sex partnerships , a bit like how the us handles it .
