   i do n't know which ones . 
  i seriously think they 're all full of shit . 
  economic competence is a relative term though , surely ? 
  if you do n't know which ones are good , you ca n't know which are bad . 
  i think my battle here is a losing one : the . 
  tories . 
  are . 
  not . 
  all . 
  euroskeptics . 
  the question of europe is fairly evenly split within the ranks of the conservatives , it 's how ukip came to be . 
  clarke pretty much heads the pro-europe wing . 
  the only thing that 's common within the tories is that they demand that europe is democratically reformed . 
  i think the group `` european conservatives and reformists '' which the uk conservatives played a major role in forming gives you an idea of their position . 
  for the record , i like clarke too . 
  we said that you should have unified your fiscal policymaking . 
  we were right . 
  pointing out facts and being vindicated for that is n't pissing on the euro , it 's delivering inconvenient truths . 
  i notice that people are starting to tell the uk the equivalent of `` stop ruining the circlejerk '' and being completely serious about it . 
  i get your sarcasm , but it was the opposition labour party and some rebel conservative backbenchers that demanded a decrease in the budget against his will . 
  since he answers to the uk parliament first , he 's in an impossible position . 
  so now that we 're actually contributing to the discussions in the eu , like people have been asking us to do for years , we 're back seat drivers ? 
  god forbid that we have a dissenting opinion . 
  why on earth should the budget go up when each country is in austerity ? 
  a murmuration of english , surely . 
  the official terms ( as in , the agreed designations for ni political parties ) are unionist and nationalist . 
  feel free to use those . 
  patriots in general , really . 
  radaway and i covered this situation in our fruitful discussion . 
  this has happened in greece , where the deficit increases forever no matter what level of austerity you impose . 
  there 's no equilibrium point and the economy is unstable without a default or being bailed out by massive sums of money from outside . 
  there 's probably a proper term for this , but you could think of it as a `` deficit event horizon '' . 
  however , this is not a situation that applies to the portuguese economy , or any non-greek european economy , and barring the possibility of something unexpected going tits up , it never will . 
  no other european country has crossed that horizon ( those that were on that trajectory have been deflected by bailouts ) and it is possible for each one of them to sort themselves out by budgeting to the right level . 
  unless you 've crossed the horizon , being religiously anti-austerity like many of these protesters is na\u00efve . 
  similarly , being blindly pro-austerity in reaction is equally na\u00efve . 
  it 's not a binary thing , you have to work out how much austerity you need for each country and then budget to the best of your ability from there . 
  i just find this whole pro- vs. anti- argument tiresome . 
  no government who wants to get elected in their next term would do anything but more or less what they 're already doing , again barring greece who has a different choice to make . 
  likewise , no primary opposition party regardless of ideology stands anything to lose by constructing this false dichotomy to the voters . 
  the worst thing ? 
  it 's mostly the younger generation that 's been sucked into it . 
  thanks , and i 'll concede that it 's not always the case that each government has worked out the equilibrium point correctly , with some erring too far on the side of austerity , but i do n't think portugal is really one of them . 
  if it really goes tits up and the deficit starts consistently rising even with austerity plans , default . 
  when i say `` the debt '' , i 'm talking about `` portugal 's debt '' . 
  if there 's no equilibrium point ^ 1 ( as in , even in the best case scenario your deficit is still set to increase forever ) then you should have defaulted long ago , but that 's simply not the case for portugal . 
  you should give your country a bit more credit . 
  lots of things restore confidence , and lots of things destroy it , but the primary thing is long term growth without a default . 
  one of the tragedies of the economic debate is that it 's polarised people into `` pro-austerity '' and `` anti-austerity '' , when the truth is the best strategy for every country with any chance of not defaulting is always between the two . 
  this has come about mainly by opposition parties making populist and partisan promises that they dare not enact once in power . 
  no one cares how much your debt is as long as you demonstrate you can eventually pay it off with your current policies . 
  ^ 1 greece , if it was n't being bailed out by massive sums , would be in this position . 
  even then , it 's highly debatable whether the greek bailouts are sustainable or not . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  austerity does reduce growth , but it also reduces the deficit ( which is happening quite quickly for portugal ) which in turn eventually reduces debt . 
  the debt is n't infinite , as soon as it 's at managable levels then you can stop being austere and get the economy growing again . 
  obviously , there 's a balance for the depth of the cuts , and it 's different for each country depending on infrastructure , social aspects and pre-existing debt/deficit ( and some other factors ) . 
  there exists an equilibrium point where the deficit reduction is at a maximum and minimises the length of the period of austerity . 
  less austerity than this point would mean that the deficit does n't reduce as quickly , the banks become less confident , and the short term extra economic growth and tax revenue would n't compensate for it . 
  more austerity would mean that the reduced economic growth and reduced tax revenue would overcome the short term reduction in the deficit . 
  the idea that the depth of the cuts being a political issue is farcical . 
  it 's a mathematical calculation , opinion does n't really come into it . 
  where the opinion does come in is how efficiently the government can run the country on a restricted budget , which is a question of competence . 
  i personally think that portugal is actually doing quite well in this respect , considering the environment . 
  agreed . 
  it would work best if fathers took as much parental leave as mothers . 
  priorities , plural . 
  do n't straw man me . 
  there 's lots of stuff that needs to be done in the eu , i 'm just saying that they could do with focusing their efforts at much more important stuff right now . 
  the eu needs to be way more responsible with their budget and man-hours , they 're not building a good case for an increase in the budget at all . 
  i really do n't want this to come down to quotas . 
  we 've failed as a society if it becomes necessary . 
  besides , does n't the eu have bigger priorities right now ? 
  congratulations to our brothers , well deserved . 
  my university has all three browsers , which is the most sensible approach assuming that the ie version is the latest one . 
  by the sound of it , all three big parties have significant lobby groups regarding this . 
  that said , i hope the government can find the strength to cut through the nonsense and just support the excruciatingly obvious two-state solution . 
  this kind of shit is why states exist in the first place . 
  http://www.politics.co.uk/news/2012/10/17/bnp-on-its-last-legs-as-mep-quits you just do n't hear about the bnp any more , the edl has replaced it as a political force , but because the edl is n't a political party ( yet ) , they 've largely removed themselves from uk politics . 
  ... one ? 
  no it is n't . 
  bleh , i worded that incorrectly , yes , you 're right . 
  however , since 2010 they have seriously declined . 
  i was trying to say that since then they 've been a disaster . 
  jeremy mentioned the bnp going on question time . 
  that did happen 3 years ago , but it was a disaster and right now the bnp has nigh-on collapsed as a political entity . 
  unless you count ukip as a far-right group , which i do n't , the far-right has since 2009 been more or less eliminated from the political spectrum . 
  that 's not to say that racism is n't still a huge problem , it still happens , but i 'd thought i 'd address the whole bnp thing . 
  hmm , looks like we 're not the only ones that doubted the budget after all , so much for the people that painted the uk as a lone dissenting voice . 
  those 8 countries are pretty much the most powerful member states in the union ( and i believe pretty much all of the net contributors ) . 
  a budget freeze will be a welcome challenge to the eu to get it 's priorities in order and increase efficiency . 
  get rid of the strasbourg seat . 
  make cuts in the common agricultural policy , minimise administrative costs . 
  the member states are under austerity , the eu should be too . 
  you know , you 're not going to get people on side with you if you keep up that sarcastic attitude . 
  i would like to hear more context , really , specifically why she ca n't get the job she 's doing . 
  you know what , fuck it , i 'm going to research this . 
  if you 're going to use capitalist as a pejorative you 've exposed your bias and i do n't trust your account . 
  it 's like daily mail articles using `` liberal '' or american republicans using `` socialist '' as a pejorative , it 's just not helpful . 
  so , she can work , and she expects to get the dole ... and instead of just getting a job doing what she is already doing , she 's pissing about with mandatory work experience .
