  they are south ossetia and abkhazia , both of which border on and are supported by russia . 
  as such , georgia has no diplomatic relations with russia and are still very tense with them . 
  it 's something we can never shake , even during a time when the `` special relationship '' is n't so special nowadays . 
  it 's only marginally closer than the relationship of most other european countries . 
  remember syria ? 
  france and america were raring to go , and we were the first to say no to that nonsense , and the whole thing fizzled out into a result which was both bloodless and more productive . 
  but hey , let 's just pretend to ignore that and rehash cliched political commentary from the 90 's . 
  whatever floats your boat , op . 
  sorry , you 're right , i garbled my wording . 
  i was trying to say that the reason why ukraine is still quite far from eu membership is because the events that sparked off interest in getting it are quite recent . 
  the road is relatively free of obstacles , but ukraine has only just decided to take the first few steps . 
  the biggest question is how willing the eu is to take on such a large and relatively poor country . 
  all of these countries face different challenges . 
  at this stage , i 'm not at all surprised that the eastern partnership can no longer be treated as a single entity . 
  most of the difficulties in the region stem from `` frozen conflicts '' , with unrecognised states like abkhazia , nagorno-karabakh , south ossetia and transnistria making eu membership untenable until they are resolved . 
  ukraine does not have this problem . 
  instead , it is simply slowed because it has placed eu membership on the cards recently following the spat with russia . 
  depends who he 's talking to . 
  pm erdogan strikes me as an opportunistic populist . 
  he 's trying to garner support from the islamist crowd while simultaneously trying to appear as if he is still sticking with the secularist principles of the turkish republic and the eu , and failing to do both . 
  with the development of india and brazil we can move investment towards other south and central american countries . 
  i do believe the world is becoming a better place . 
  curious , what are the historical reasons ? 
  we have no quarrel with the roi government , they 're not supporting the dissident republicans . 
  the uk and roi regularly work together to prevent terrorism in northern ireland and i do n't see why a `` no spy '' deal between us would change that . 
  close enough . 
  wait , what ? 
  why ireland of all places ? 
  as someone who went on holiday to brussels recently and had to take an emergency business related phone call for about 20 minutes , they really need to get a move on . 
  you 're a bit behind on nick griffin . 
  the bnp is all but disbanded . 
  i do n't think a lack of a common foreign policy is necessarily a terrible thing . 
  the economic union causes the well being of any member state to be in the interest of every other member state , so why do we need more than that ? 
  you guys are in our interest , as we are yours . 
  the future of the eu does not have to be modelled on the formation of the united states at all times . 
  in fact , the eu is a good opportunity to identify the mistakes that were made in the formation of the us and improve on them . 
  i would suggest streamlining the process for military collaboration should two or more eu national governments consent instead of shoehorning a common foreign policy in a region where one patently does not and can not exist . 
  did you automatically use the article title and intentionally add an extra `` o '' to `` loses '' ? 
  assuming no constitutional change , six , which is obviously ridiculous and disproportionate . 
  should they apply ( the referendum may not be binding , but the fact that more people supported it than opposed will influence the government ) , i 'd expect a special arrangement for them . 
  possibly one or two meps . 
  i think a special type of membership would be appropriate , considering that it would open up paths for states like andorra , monaco and liechtenstein , should they ever desire to join . 
  it 's even got two elected and equal heads of state , like the roman consuls !, 
  it 's awesome . 
  that 's not an argument for why they should n't apply , though . 
  sounds pretty gruesome . 
  that 's , what , a couple of fingers ? 
  interesting . 
  looks like i won a fiver . 
  i wonder if the government will go ahead with it if they 're not bound . 
  honestly , i do n't think either of us have the personal experience to make a judgement of how the sammarinese feel about their independence or how valuable they consider that independence . 
  they 're a very wealthy and comfortable people . 
  while i think they should have a bit of ambition and say yes , i can understand reluctance to change anything about a situation which has already been beneficial for them . 
  i think situations where the assent of all member state governments are required is the biggest one . 
  people often forget san marino exists and think it is just part of italy , but if it was in the eu , it would have massive say ( potentially vetoes ) for things like free trade agreements and future accession treaties . 
  ironically , being in the eu will likely strengthen their independence . 
  i hope they say yes . 
  there needs to be separate provisions for microstates , because six meps for a country of 32,000 is completely ridiculous . 
  how about 2 ? 
  and that 's how every talk of constitutional change in the us ends . 
  i do n't know why i bother talking about american politics , the system is so forcefully biased towards the status quo , no matter what the desire of the american people or the principles of the american state may be , that talking about this never seems to achieve anything . 
  federal electoral reform to a form of proportional representation , possibly mixed member . 
  restrict campaign spending . 
  the people can speak after that 's done . 
  too many variables to make an honest answer . 
  all of this kind of stuff happens behind very tightly closed doors . 
  as you said , there 's a lot working against it , but then again it would be the largest free trade agreement in human history , so there 's a huge incentive for it at the same time . 
  remember that mexico already has a free trade agreement , and one with canada is pending ratification ( that 's 28 european national signatures , 10 canadian provincial signatures , a european parliament signature , and a canadian federal government signature !, 
  ) , and the latter is no coincidence when it comes to timing . 
  it 's all about pressuring the us . 
  the eu is aiming for a harmonisation of nafta and efta , and they 're throwing every card and tactic they can to get it . 
  i do n't care about arnie . 
  if you do n't like him as governor or presidential candidate , do n't vote for him . 
  but the whole natural born citizen is stupid and decreases the value and meaning of the idea of `` american citizen '' . 
  if i fulfilled what was necessary to get citizenship , but still could n't run for some offices because of the nationality of my parents , then i still would n't feel like a real citizen . 
  i 'm guessing this does n't mean anything because the left are the second smallest group , on the fringes of european politics ? 
  i do n't know if it 's just the tradition or if it 's legally mandated , but as far as i know you just pay for `` data '' , as opposed to `` 3g data '' and `` 4g data '' . 
  you do n't pay extra for faster speeds within the same network , but of course some providers have better networks than others in terms of coverage of the different generations . 
  you do , however , often have to pay for different data allowances within the same network , though unlimited allowances are still widespread , which i use myself . 
  you can , if you can stand the weather . 
  ah yes , sorry , i should have mentioned that the parliament forms a government , and the senate takes over the council of the european union as the upper house . 
  as for the head of state , i would like to see a directly elected president . 
  the senate is the point of contact with member states ; all communication and possibly voting instruction is done through the senators and at the senator 's discretion . 
  the whole idea is that the result of elections should dictate the nature of the legislation which comes out of the european union , and that national elections play a part at a european level as well . 
  agreed . 
  my personal opinion would be to replace the commission with what would essentially be a senate . 
  may as well call it the european senate . 
  each member state gets 3 seats , appointed by the national governments , but are considered linked with their respective parliaments so that if said parliament is disbanded for re-election , the `` senators '' are also recalled . 
  the senate would also acquire the powers of the european council , which is abolished , as the senators become the representatives of the governments in the eu . 
  to balance this , the european parliament takes the capacity to initiate legislation from the abolished commission . 
  optionally , the increased representation in the senate would mean that the lower bound for seats for a state in the parliament can be reduced to three , to improve proportionality . 
  makes you wonder if they 're going to try for forming another group again . 
  in a way , it would be satisfying to see a far-right group so the parliament feels `` complete '' . 
  you 'd have the communists/far-left , greens , socialists/centre-left , lib dem centre , centre-right , conservatives , euroskeptics , and nationalists/far-right . 
  it 's better that they 're doing it democratically within the framework of the eu than physically attacking it from outside . 
  it 's one of europe 's greatest achievements that even the craziest nutjobs acknowledge that the best chance they have of getting their way is to stand as a candidate for election like everyone else . 
  oops . 
  my mistake . 
  sorry about that . 
  the problem is that it essentially devolves to `` do you dislike the eu , vote ukip , otherwise , vote for the national party you support '' .
