  a ) croatia knows war all too well . 
  the eu has brought about an era of peace in europe , and croatia wants to be part of that protection . 
  b ) croatia is a relatively small country that can not really compete with the single market . 
  joining in makes economic sense . 
  as an additional plus , they 've managed to avoid most of the euro crisis , and could miss it entirely before joining the eurozone . 
  it 's more that the concept of roaming charges violates the principle of the single market , but yeah . 
  the whole union thing came about because we found that it 's impossible to fairly regulate the single market across countries with different governments without it . 
  feel free to put a flag next to your name , i do n't know which country you 're referring to . 
  that 's true !, 
  it 's nothing short of inspiring how a country can come so far with such a mired past , and i wish them well . 
  i know you 're thinking of latvian potato jokes . 
  do n't hide it . 
  the damage has already been done . 
  i find vatican city to be fascinating because it 's such an unusual country , as well as being one of the few remaining city-states in the world . 
  it 's the last remnant of the old papal states , established by the lateran treaties between mussolini and pope pius xi , and has been upheld by italy even as it changed from a kingdom with a fascist leadership to a democratic parliamentary republic . 
  it 's also technically an absolute monarchy , and consequently can not join the eu , although nobody really minds because in practice people think of it as a special part of italy , and it can print [ euros with popes on them ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/ca/eurocoins_national_side.jpg ) . 
  it attends the un as an observer under the name `` holy see '' , but it 's got a constitutional policy of neutrality . 
  you ca n't really `` move to europe '' . 
  no matter where you are , you ca n't gain any real appreciation of the diversity of the continent while staying in a single country . 
  in my opinion the south-east of the uk is pretty great . 
  you can , however , `` explore europe '' , but that 's an entirely different proposition . 
  how does a divided europe benefit us , pray tell ? 
  the time for dividing and conquering is long over , that 's why the eu exists . 
  please do n't treat us as scapegoats , the only people who do that are those with their own agenda to fulfil . 
  the only two which i think are proper legal objections are the first and third one , but the second one could be grounds for a member state to veto entry . 
  turkey 's muslim majority is not a barrier to its eu membership , and neither is albania 's . 
  the only requirement is that the system of governance is both freely democratic and secular . 
  even then , turkey also has to resolve the cyprus dispute . 
  it 's not exactly going to work when all eu member states ( and indeed every sovereign state in the world ) take the view that turkey is illegally occupying the territory of the republic of cyprus . 
  looks like we 've still got it . 
  * hi-fives fellow brits *, 
  a sign of a bad mp is that they think that the only public service they do is with votes in westminster . 
  a good mp acts as a liaison between his/her constituents who have problems and the officials who can help them . 
  this tends to correlate with safe and marginal seats respectively , and i fear the former is the majority . 
  really depends on whether you live in a marginal or not . 
  safe seats are pretty depressing , but marginals usually produce some genuinely good politicians . 
  i guess `` religious state '' would be the better term ? 
  does n't really matter though , everybody knows what the question is getting at . 
  it 's complicated and i would n't read too much into it . 
  all of northern ireland is in the province of ulster , but there 's also some counties in it that are governed by the republic . 
  some unionists like to say `` ulster '' when they mean `` northern ireland '' , possibly to try to paint northern ireland as a country with an older legacy than it actually has . 
  that said , it really depends whether he really was referring to the province and he literally does come from ulster . 
  the paragon of political neutrality , although consequentially it 's quite boring . 
  banks used by interesting ( read : dodgy ) people . 
  they also put a great big hole in the eu , so i occasionally mistake it for a sea when i 'm tired and looking for maps . . 
  you have a right to protest , certainly , but it does n't automatically put you in the right . 
  come on , tell us something in particular that you want fixing and we 'll do our best to help !, 
  when turkey was kicking off at least we knew some specific things that were wrong ( i.e. 
  attacks on secularism , such as the restrictions on alcohol ) . 
  thanks for clarifying !, 
  i agree with what you 're saying , i do n't think the eu can help at this moment in any meaningful way , this is a question of the bulgarian people realising their democratic power and handling it freely and fairly . 
  if anything , this is the final coming of age for a democratic nation . 
  if you can isolate a specific problem with your system ( such as the vote selling problem ) you want help with , i 'm sure the eu would be happy to provide ideas , support and working examples of how it is prevented elsewhere in europe . 
  is this an electoral reform issue ? 
  i still do n't know what these protesters actually want . 
  they could just be the opposition party spreading unrest for all i know . 
  anyone wish to enlighten me ? 
  yeah , it 's about using your mobile in a different country . 
  basically , the cost of using your mobile for calls , texting or internet will be the same for you if you use it in spain or any other eu country . 
  additionally , you will be able to buy a phone anywhere in europe , take it home , and keep using it for no extra cost . 
  come to think of it , this could include the efta countries as well , as it 's a `` single market '' thing . 
  problem is , the eu is slightly state-like , but the ambiguity is n't something you can express all in one word . 
  in the same way , we 're not trying to say something about us state 's rights and the intricacies of american federalism when europeans say `` america '' . 
  plus , it 's not like europeans are on the high horse here . 
  we tend to assume the us is pretty culturally homogeneous too , which is n't the case when you think about , say , texas and california . 
  he 's a fascist ? 
  are you sure that 's the right word ? 
  i 'm not sure how to respond . 
  * if * it arms the rebels , which i personally doubt will happen . 
  as it stands , there is no way to stop the arms from falling into the hands of the islamist faction of the rebels and making the whole thing worse . 
  we can provide aid , though , and the nature of the rebels could change . 
  ooh , did n't know that . 
  she 's the only green mp , anyway , and was the leader when she was elected . 
  completely agree . 
  ** united kingdom ** the former leader of the green party , caroline lucas mp , was reprimanded in a commons debate because took off her jacket to reveal a `` no more page three '' t-shirt , referencing the page in the sun which always contains a topless woman . 
  [ article ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-22873790 ) g8 summit in northern ireland . 
  various anti-capitalist protests around belfast . 
  lots of talk about tax reform and havens , there was a meeting with british crown dependencies and overseas territories regarding their tax affairs . 
  seems pretty cordial so far , but could get sketchy if any of them object with the uk meddling . 
  there 's been a small argument with various local councils about phone boxes in rural areas being decommissioned . 
  four people were stabbed at a mosque in birmingham by a man who is being assessed at a mental health institution . 
  so far , it seems to be a domestic incident more than anything . 
  [ article ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-birmingham-22924456 ) edit : caroline lucas is the former leader of the greens , apologies . 
  and now i feel like a moron . 
  i did n't have subtitles on . 
  calling any and all greek speakers for a translated summary , thanks . 
  that 's true in 1999 but not really in 2013 . 
  there might be social tensions , but it gets better each year thanks to the good friday agreement . 
  i thought european citizenship was already a thing ? 
  or is that another way of saying `` federalism '' ? 
  anyway , yeah , obviously democracy is the way to go for europe and there 's plenty of solutions flying about both online and offline , but i do n't really see signs of any of them actually making it into the european union legislatures right now . 
  we can dream about new democratic techniques , but i would prefer that we started with a solid foundation based on existing traditional legislative structures and then built on that . 
  honestly ? 
  exist . 
  be europe , the progressive place that is n't russia . 
  we 've managed to keep most of the baltic states from falling back into russia 's sphere of influence . 
  we ca n't help the people inside russia in any meaningful way , it 's too big . 
  i 've always thought of austria as germany 's little brother with a swiss twist . 
  skiing , mountainous countryside . 
  about average wealth for an eu country .
