  it 's fairly serious , but the last time it was tried it caused the [ bosnian war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosnian_war ) , and nobody wants a re-run of that so they 're staying as their weird pseudo-autonomous entity at the moment until a new resolution is found . 
  i 'm english , and i feel like i 'm getting into a touchy subject here , but most of northern ireland wants to stay as part of the uk , which is why ireland is partitioned in the first place . 
  if the island of ireland voted as a whole , then the majority would vote to be a unified republic independent of the uk . 
  this was recognised by the [ good friday agreement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/good_friday_agreement ) , and also says that if both the citizens of the republic of ireland and northern ireland changed their minds over ni 's constitutional status then both the british and irish governments were obligated to implement that new status . 
  and the manufactured shock of the media reporting on the existence of contingency plans rumbles on . 
  i wish people would stop falling for this . 
  we have a contingency plan if russia nukes ukraine . 
  we have a contingency plan if world war iii breaks out . 
  we have a contingency plan if the eu breaks up entirely . 
  we even have contingency plans for alien contact . 
  this does not mean that it is likely or expected , it means that we are a little bit prepared to deal with it if it happens . 
  what you should be shocked by is if they * did n't * have a plan for something which is currently very much on people 's minds right now . 
  and wait for the dutch to build it again . 
  you could technically do that so long as you ran it for a short while to flush out any water from the hot tank from the tap itself . 
  still not the most hygienic thing in the world though . 
  imagine using a valve system which allows you to alternate the use of a single pipe to either flush used toilet water away or fill up your kitchen sink from the mains . 
  it 's not that extreme , the principle is there . 
  a far better idea is simply to get rid of the hot water tank entirely and replace it with a modern closed boiler system , so the hot water is just as drinkable as the cold water , which is what we 're doing . 
  yep !, 
  it 's a legacy from the old british plumbing standards when hot water was not specified to be drinkable but cold water was . 
  using a mixer tap therefore would mean that * all * water coming out would n't be drinkable . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfhguu_8kga we 've now largely switched towards mixer-tap compatible systems in most buildings , but it 's not universal yet and old habits die hard . 
  for the record , we have mixer taps in my family 's house . 
  this conversation is a classic . 
  we call it d\u00f6ner kebab to prevent confusion with shish kebab , where you cook and serve the meat and vegetables on the skewer . 
  i 'm neither on the left nor a european federalist , but i still recognise that switzerland has had a parasitic relationship with europe . 
  they 've facilitated a lot of tax evasion and they hide behind their neutral status to do some nasty profiteering . 
  they 're a parasitic country , much like monaco but bigger . 
  people in europe often accuse us of exceptionalism , but switzerland is exceptionalism incarnate . 
  they are basically our version of the roma , but they come from ireland , not romania . 
  the issues between them and the local government and rest of the public are largely the same too . 
  the whole system really needs renaming to be more intuitive . 
  hell , tusk is really a chairman , not a president , though i recognise that the french language does n't differentiate between the two . 
  i 'm a fan of sticking with the concept of `` collective presidency '' and applying that to the european council as a body , and then renaming all other instances of `` president '' in the legislature to better names wherever possible in the official languages . 
  if you ask me , remote surgery even with data prioritisation sounds like the stupidest idea i 've ever heard . 
  it does n't guarantee a stable connection . 
  i 'd chalk it up as neither good nor bad . 
  it 's just one of those weird unintended consequences . 
  sorry , yes . 
  i meant state . 
  eh , could you really say that there is a kurdish nationality if there is ( as of yet ) no kurdish nation ? 
  * door slams , causing family photo to fall off wall and smash *, 
  i suppose . 
  i do n't think anybody can expect the central government to be neutral in a separatist debate , being neutral is the opposite of their job , but we do expect them to respect democracy in a free and fair vote . 
  funnily enough the biggest participant in the pro-union campaign was the main opposition party , labour , not the government , not that that makes much of a difference . 
  because that 's how they convince people to come from overseas and join them . 
  say that you 're just going to kill your enemies and make a state where you enforce your own rules without any kind of identity generally does n't work . 
  saying that you 're going to establish a new caliphate and appeal to all that religious fervour and build up a narrative of good and evil ? 
  that works much better . 
  in the uk they are free to hold a referendum if nationalists get a majority in the northern irish assembly , just like they did in scotland . 
  accuse the spanish or italians all you like , but we 've got a pretty good and consensual system here . 
  you know the war in afghanistan ? 
  that . 
  it has little to do with how much we value them . 
  they are in nato . 
  if we do n't help them when they are attacked then we will all lose the protection of each other . 
  therefore it is in our interests to defend them . 
  armed separatism is an attack . 
  even if we do n't say that russia did it does n't stop us from obliterating the separatists within nato territory . 
  i do n't think messing with nato is an option for putin . 
  i think it would be instantaneous . 
  mayotte is an overseas territory , so their membership status with respect to the eu as an outermost region has to be negotiated separately . 
  moldova , on the other hand , would merge with the proper state of romania , and the state would be considered romania 's successor so treaties carry over . 
  in reality , romania would probably make arrangements with the eu beforehand for a smoother transition . 
  yes . 
  the birthing ritual has never been witnessed by outsiders . 
  i consider the bosniaks as pretty good role-models of how to be both muslim and an integrated part of european culture . 
  i say keep the options open to both countries and let them decide for themselves whether they want to continue letting religion get in the way of progress . 
  the turkish government seems to have done that , but i think bosnia deserves a chance . 
  bosnia does n't actually have a muslim majority , it has a muslim plurality , and it 's a mild sufi-inspired version of it akin to the state of christianity in most western european countries . 
  their women generally do n't even wear head-scarves . 
  the only reason why christianity is n't the biggest religion is that it 's split between catholic and eastern orthodox mostly along those ever-present ethnic divisions . 
  akp has kept the application open . 
  the only consolation i have from the prospect of disarming is that france still has nuclear capability , and that we 're both in nato together . 
  i trust france to come to our aid , but a single point of failure before nato 's entire nuclear arsenal end up exclusively in the hands of the us does not help me sleep at night . 
  yep . 
  it 's complicated and depends on how the votes stack up and how the post-election negotiations go . 
  our trident nuclear submarines are going to expire soon and a decision to renew has to take place in 2016 , the perfect date for it to be a 2015 election issue . 
  the scottish national party is vehemently anti-renewal and pro-disarmament as a central policy other than scottish independence , and since they lost the independence referendum recently , the trident question has become a primary policy in return for supporting a future government . 
  they 're also set to take the mantle of third largest party from the liberal democrats , and they have a reasonable chance of holding a veto over a labour minority or labour-lib dem minority government . 
  outwardly , labour and the conservatives are both pro-renewal , but labour has internal divisions over it . 
  whichever party that governs is going to have to make concessions to minor parties , and trident could end up being it . 
  tl ; dr : it could happen . 
  that 's asymmetric devolution for you . 
  the central parliament passed it for england and wales . 
  scotland also passed it for themselves around the same time , but northern ireland did not . 
  the main opponent is the democratic unionist party , which does n't exist anywhere other than northern ireland but is the biggest party there . 
  looks like poland 's going to experience life like western european countries do . 
  the worm has turned !, 
  down with this sort of thing !, 
  i think norton 's been a great successor to wogan . 
  not to everyone 's taste i suppose but neither is eurovision itself . 
  because it 's hilarious . 
  next question . 
  my original point was that this problem may well exist in other minority communities in other countries and they have n't spotted it yet for the same reason we did n't spot it for decades . 
  we are too quick to draw the conclusion that this is a problem exclusive to the uk as far as europe is concerned and exclusive to pakistanis and somalis as if those communities shared things in common that are n't common to other communities in europe . 
  i do n't think so , but that 's missing the point a little bit , do n't you think ? 
  pakistanis are not the only group that have had this problem , and a lot of european countries have large non-european communities . 
  it 's little consolation to the victims , but at least we 're identifying the problem now and are aware of it , which is the first step towards stopping it from happening again . 
  it may well be the case that similar problems exist in other european countries and they have n't yet spotted it , which is an unnerving thought .
