  cameron backed it publicly , and he 's voiced tacit support for it for a long time now . 
  it 's really just the tory backbenchers that are split on it . 
  i 'd be interested to see how the votes fall . 
  yeah , seriously , though maybe change it to fortnightly so there 's less of a chance that the debates are the same ? 
  or even monthly will do . 
  it 's very sad that far-right groups have made so much ground in taking over the symbolism of st. george 's cross . 
  i 'm tempted to change to it myself , though this is / r/europe and it 's the uk that 's in the eu , not just england . 
  directly ? 
  though they have a special relationship with government it 's not that much , but the church still represents a non-trivial section of the population , and they 're capable of running lobbying campaigns like any other organisation . 
  still , the church does n't have enough sway nowadays to actually convince even most conservative backbenchers to block gay marriage , it 's a sign of the times for them . 
  you definitely would , for the very reasons you give . 
  even the bare minimum such as a third party with enough representation to deny the other two ones absolute majorities would significantly improve the situation . 
  it took me a moment to realise that i do n't speak norwegian . 
  the concept of beauty pageants already crosses the line . 
  adding any other arguments no matter how ridiculous or solid does n't change that fact . 
  also , lol , `` miss black france '' . 
  not while the parliament is refused the power to draw up legislation it does n't . 
  that 's my biggest pet peeve about the eu . 
  forgive my ignorance , but nobody 's suggesting that the eu is going to break up entirely . 
  surely it would just be one bilateral treaty ? 
  i 'm all for it on the condition that they do n't have software patents . 
   i do n't even think any state would have to specifically demand that . 
  i am no expert in eu law , but it seems the uk and denmark have explicit opt-outs in the maastricht treaty . 
  given that the uk 's opt-out would not automatically extend to scotland , then it follows that it would be subject to the same rules as the other new member states . 
  no-one has to ask for it ; the rule is already there . 
  that 's correct . 
  i suppose what i 'm getting at is that an independent scotland may not end up as independent as the snp hopes it to be . 
  adopting these membership requirements largely represents a political transition into the core of the eu , where it was previously at the outskirts when it was in the uk . 
  bear in mind , i 'm not trying to imply doing these things are necessarily bad for scotland , just that there are likely consequences that many nationalists have not considered . 
  in europe , being `` independent '' is quite a difficult prospect . 
   i disagree . 
  scotland does n't have to decide based on speculations . 
  scotland might speculate as much as it wants that its eu membership would be automatic ; this is wrong . 
  period . 
  anyone with a basic command of the law of treaties can explain that to the scottish ( and catalan ) politicians . 
  furthermore , i think such clarifications as mr barroso has provided will be forthcoming as the scottish referendum nears and other secessionist movements arise , especially if politicians around europe continue to be as successful as they have been in prolonging the economic crisis . 
  barroso has cleared up one question , which i 'm grateful for . 
  however , the speculation lies in how a reapplication for eu membership will turn out . 
  hopefully it will all be cleared up before the referendum , but somehow i doubt it . 
  the snp is still saying that barroso is wrong , after all , and getting a lawyer to root through eu law to come to a legally sound conclusion may take a very long time . 
  that 's my point , manning those borders would be politically unacceptable , it 's why we have our little mini-schengen in the form of the common travel area . 
  if the uk is in schengen , ireland has to be in it too . 
  i do n't think scotland would be in any strategic position to argue if that did happen , but an existing member state would have to demand it and we have no idea if they plan to do so . 
  i think a state demanding schengen membership would have further reaching consequences , though . 
  an independent scotland creates a new land border for the uk , which would otherwise likely result in a common travel area agreement like with ireland . 
  however , if scotland adopts schengen , the scottish border would have to be manned unless the uk also joined schengen . 
  if the uk joins schengen , the burden moves on to the republic of ireland , who would otherwise have to man the northern ireland border . 
  no doubt a internally borderless europe is a dream for many , but i wonder at the morality of blackmailing scotland , the uk and ireland into it . 
  then again , i 'm speculating , but without information that 's all i can do . 
  scotland has to decide if it wants to be its own country based largely on speculations , and that 's terrible . 
  well well well . 
  so much for what the snp was telling us . 
  i do n't believe scotland could function as an independent state at all without eu membership , and if they do n't have automatic membership they have a very weak negotiating position . 
  still , what we really need is information . 
  are any states actually serious about vetoing independent scottish eu membership ? 
  do they want to demand scotland adopts the euro and/or schengen ? 
  or do they all consider it a formality , as the snp will inevitably claim ? 
  there 's a lot of factors that will determine whether or not this is a big deal . 
  is that an official policy ? 
  i 've been openly wondering the question for ages . 
  in any case , fine , but you should realise monetary union is going to mean fiscal union , or you wo n't have any control over your currency . 
  it 's what the uk said regarding the euro and it 's unlikely we wo n't demand it from scotland . 
  following it to its logical conclusion as we 've seen from europe , a hypothetical scotland that just voted for independence would probably find that politically unacceptable . 
  the truth being it has n't been decided yet :  however a spokesman for mr barroso described the claims made in the article as `` incorrect '' and insisted no decision had yet been made on how to respond to the committee 's request to the ec president for a statement on an independent scotland 's eu status . 
  so , yeah . 
  honestly , the ec needs to get its act together and just say `` yes or no '' , the question 's been asked for a while now . 
  lack of information from both the ec and the snp is stifling the debate . 
  for example , i * still * do n't know what currency an independent scotland is going to use . 
  economic warfare 's way better than the other kind , to be fair . 
  oh dear , it appears i 've changed my political opinions . 
  i think boris is right . 
  by the sound of it the whole two-tier eu thing would be the best solution for everyone . 
  any member state should go ahead and federalise themselves as much as they like . 
  the `` european federation '' could even declare itself as a sovereign state if they wanted . 
  the eu , however , could continue to exist and maintain free trade and co-operative efforts where consensus is established , and would consist of the ef and the states that choose not to federalise . 
  the ef can then hold its doors open to eu members that are willing and fulfil european statehood criteria at any time . 
  it leaves options open both for the status quo and further integration should the ef prove successful and other eu member states want to join . 
  i 'm personally skeptical of whether total political union would benefit the uk , considering that we 're not in the eurozone , but i think it would be a good thing for countries that are already in the eurozone and see no reason to stop those countries should they be willing . 
  additionally , it puts the ef in a situation where it is incentivised to improve itself on a democratic basis . 
  the more it improves , the more likely that non-eurozone members will vote to join it , the more territory and power it wields . 
  it just sounds like the most progressive way forward , self-determination is maintained . 
  this is the bit where a belgian calls our electoral system needlessly complicated . 
  no , it 's not that simple . 
  ukip 's support is very evenly spread out , so it gets punished heavily by first past the post . 
  the lib dems , on the other hand , have accumulated cores of support in specific seats , so they do quite a bit better but still not great . 
  ukip has now turned a corner by adopting the approach by the lib dems recently and targeting specific seats , but building bases takes time . 
  ukip 's still very much in single-digit seat number territory . 
  the big players for who could directly decide the composition of the government are the conservatives , labour , liberal democrats and the snp . 
  ukip wo n't be forming the government , and no minority government can really exist that relies on ukip 's support . 
  not because they 're somehow unreliable , but because they 'll never get enough seats that will cover the rebellion from parts of the tory party that do n't approve of a deal with ukip . 
  the most that the minor parties could do is prevent or cause a government 's collapse if a vote of confidence is tight , which we will likely be seeing in the next term of parliament . 
  i do n't believe / u/limitlessltd either !, 
  oh , i understand they wo n't go into coalition with anyone . 
  the snp will face a rebellion from its core voters and membership if the snp gets caught supporting a tory bill or making any kind of arrangement with the tories . 
  the tories would play ball with the snp , but not vice versa . 
  problem is that the snp has burned its bridges with the tories . 
  their argument for independence has been largely based on hatred for the tories frequently leading the government despite their political presence being tiny in scotland and only really holding on the inside of the scottish-english border . 
  they even often accuse labour of being `` red tories '' as if that was enough damnation on its own . 
  they might get something out of labour if they have a shot of getting into government , but not renewing trident is quite a big demand . 
  our political system is set to completely go haywire this year if polling is any indication .
