  yeah , when i see `` gaelic '' i assume they mean scottish gaelic . 
  irish is just irish . 
  they 're of course both members of the gaelic language family , but that 's similar to the situation where german is n't the only germanic language . 
  it 's sad seeing how languages still separate us so much . 
  this is unsurprising . 
  in the uk , tesco has long been outclassed in terms of product variety and value by other supermarkets like aldi and lidl and has fallen far from its pedestal as the dominant supermarket chain . 
  now leave me in peace to enjoy my apfelstrudel . 
  nuclear and solar are solutions to different problems . 
  they 're both necessary , and complement each other . 
  yeah . 
  it 's a bit pointless to talk about the contents right now if we 're going to be actually reading it soon . 
  ... next monday . 
  i look forward to reading it . 
  i think a lot of people are going to be red faced about their wild speculations . 
  no wait , never mind . 
  oh yeah , i really loved [ this variant ] ( http://one-europe.info/user/files/aisling%20twomey/euromaidan.jpg ) that appeared at euromaidan . 
  while i would n't want to change the generic flag of europe , i 'd be in favour of popularising variants which put national coats of arms in the centre , so it would represent `` x country in europe '' . 
  i 'm not really a patriotic person and the culture i 'm raised in does n't really encourage patriotism either . 
  i do , however , love flags . 
  i think that it 's a really good design that does evoke the ideals of europe today . 
  at my house we have a flagpole and a big bag o ' flags that we swap out occasionally , and the european flag is in there should it be appropriate . 
  i particularly remember getting it out when the esa landed a probe on an asteroid . 
  recent pollings have been seeing remain pulling ahead , actually . 
  i think there 's quite a fundamental difference in opinion about the part that `` undemocratic '' parties should play in a democracy . 
  in the uk , generally the prevailing opinion is that they should be treated the same as other parties if they can make the thresholds , and that sunlight is the best disinfectant . 
  it 's because we invested in the internet much earlier than in eastern europe ; we have lots of legacy copper cabling everywhere . 
  of course some parts of the country are way better at infrastructure in general than others . 
  it worked for us . 
  the problem is having both austerity and being in the eurozone at the same time . 
  you need fiscal policy to be at the same jurisdictional level as your currency . 
  if you continue to point the finger at the wrong thing then that is the real cause of the next eurozone crisis . 
  fair enough to them , but it 's a make or break move . 
  if they win the case , they 'll deal a massive blow to it and justly so , but if they lose they 'll look like they 're just making shit up about ttip , and probably boost the chances of it going through . 
  actually having a court make an official decision on whether there is an undue lack of transparency or not surely must be better than the shitshow that the public debate has become . 
  is n't the radiation symbol a hideously irresponsible thing to put on a stamp ? 
  oh man , is there a pirate government coming our way ? 
  the most country-like country that is n't a country . 
  for things like domestic crime it can be considered separate from china as as far as i am aware the hong kong government controls the police there . 
  they probably had a different ( and more limited ) conceptualisation of it . 
  we 're used to freely available perfect maps that always see the big picture from above , perhaps in a way which all but the most learned scholars and noblemen back then would have had access to . 
  far right people in western europe and the us are extremely unlikely to know what bosniaks are , let alone whether they hate them or not . 
  bih is an obscure country that few here ever think about round here . 
  a sentence longer than that would be only symbolic , but if you 're looking for symbolism then it does n't really get worse than actually being convicted of genocide . 
  the sentencing is sufficient on both pragmatic ( he will not outlive his sentence ) and symbolic ( guilty of genocide and other crimes against humanity ) counts . 
  to demand more is to look to complain for complaining 's sake . 
  i genuinely think that the uk has the best flag , and that 's not because i live here . 
  i just think it has the best design . 
  there 's a few contenders for worst flag , but i offer an unconventional choice ; the netherlands . 
  the dutch national colour is orange , and if you have a really important national colour it needs to be on your flag . 
  every time i look at the flag i just see it as a massive missed opportunity to fly a really distinctive colour , and the old problems of fading dyes do n't apply any more . 
  i bet you wo n't give a straight answer to this , but does the republic of macedonia actually claim sovereignty over all of historical macedonia ? 
  yes or no ? 
  so call it the republic of macedonia ? 
  if you care so much just use `` republic of '' all the time , that 's what we do with the republic of ireland to distinguish it from all of ireland . 
  maybe this is something that does n't translate well into greek or something . 
  the name 's not really the issue , the problem is with argentina 's actual claim of sovereignty over the islands . 
  the macedonia naming dispute involves no actual claim of territory on either side , so it becomes silly . 
  if it was intertwined with a real border dispute between the countries then it becomes a bigger deal . 
  oh good , that was a close one . 
  they 're not lords , where 's the `` lord '' coming from ? 
  the us uses the terms speaker and president correctly , as does ireland . 
  it 's not the uk , it 's the english language . 
  as an official language , it has the right to be used correctly . 
  the word takes on a greater nuance in english than it does in other languages like french because we have many other , more appropriate words that could be used . 
  that 's a good idea , it keeps a link to the languages where they use a variation of `` president '' without sacrificing meaning . 
  it 's a little weird how many different titles there are to choose from in english that could describe the same job . 
  pis ' actions seem analogous to that of a game tester ; they did something really weird and creative to uncover a fatal bug in the constitution . 
  it would be praiseworthy if they 'd demonstrated it as a thought experiment , but instead it 's disastrous since they actually did it in real life . 
  at this point it 's probably necessary to redo the whole section of the constitution that governs the cc from scratch , but how that can be achieved is probably impossible until at least after the next election . 
  yeah , probably . 
  it 's going to get worse before it gets better . 
  it 's true in french as well , but when you translate it too literally to english it makes for awkward terminology , since `` president '' is usually reserved for someone who has the highest and most important position . 
  for a position like the president of the european parliament , speaker or chairman/chairwoman is a much more appropriate word in english . 
  all that said , the thing that really makes me laugh is that there is a european council and a council of europe , and that they are fundamentally different institutions with different purposes . 
  who is essentially the speaker . 
  the eu sucks at titles and names for institutions . 
  i do n't think that can be helped , geography and geopolitics has conspired to put turkey into this position , so we do a deal with them . 
  the motto claim is n't even true . 
  a golden dawn spokesman is obviously not representative , but does the greek public feel the same way about this ? 
  people in the uk overwhelmingly consider the naming dispute to be a ridiculous thing and just call it `` macedonia '' or `` republic of macedonia '' , so the bbc does the same . 
  the reason for successive greek government 's attitudes to this is similar to why argentina rattles on about the falklands , it 's to divert attention from domestic failings . 
  in this case , it would n't surprise me that the interview was going badly beforehand . 
  ireland 's constitution poses a similar referendum condition on new treaties , and probably a few other eu states want to do the same , but i concede that it would be one less hurdle . 
  you know , i thought i went out of my way to clarify that this is a pretty special situation that ca n't be generalised , but you did it anyway . 
  most names for things do n't enjoy international standardisation in english , but in this case it does . 
  besides , if any organisation actually tells you how to spell their name in your language and it 's a reasonable spelling for your language 's conventions , ignoring that and going with your own transliteration is a little disrespectful . 
  oh , pronunciations are a different thing altogether that are n't standardised , sure . 
  i 'm only talking about spelling . 
  there may be enough time to call the referendum , but the referendum itself would n't immediately cause scotland to be independent . 
  you could n't reasonably squeeze a declaration of a referendum , a negotiation of the terms , a holding of the vote , the setting up of the necessary institutions for an entire country and * then * declaring independence within the time it takes for the uk to leave the eu after a referendum . 
  that 's not even to mention if it 's even legal under eu law ( which i 'm fairly confident it is n't ) . 
  besides , why would the uk feel any obligation to make a country that will declare independence from itself have opt-outs of an organisation that the uk would no longer be a member of ? 
  if scotland votes yes in an independence referendum , that does n't instantly make it a new country , that just starts off the process of setting up the institutions required for an independent scottish state , which is much longer than what it would take for the uk to leave the eu . 
  scotland would be a new state while the rest of the uk would be the continuator state , so scotland would have to reapply their membership and lose the opt-outs they had as part of the uk . 
  i would n't be under any illusions that they would n't be fast-tracked into membership , though . 
  there is an official english designation at the un , though , which is generally considered the authority on country names in english , french , spanish , russian , chinese and arabic , as well as the names in the official language ( s ) of those countries . 
  in this case , the short english name is `` iraq '' . 
  cities or personal names tend to have this problem , but country names in those languages should not . 
  this is just an incorrect spelling of an english word . 
  most people in this thread are being really weird .
