  turkey 's been talking about eu membership pretty much ever since eu membership was a thing , so i 'm surprised it has n't even come to liberalisation of movement . 
  i 'm surprised turkey is red . 
  go team gay nazis !, 
  there is n't anything wrong with it at all . 
  actually , i see it as a positive step for two reasons : 1 . 
  the parliament will be more representative . 
  the far-right essentially completes the spectrum of opinion in europe and will strengthen its status as a truly democratic institution , inclusive to all opinions . 
  fewer non-inscrits mean fewer people feel excluded from the process . 
  the far-right will have to learn to appreciate the spirit and power of pan-european cooperation and compromise like everyone else instead of wallowing in their own respective ideological pits . 
  both factors tend to have moderating effects on these parties , too . 
  it 's crazy how much that screams `` bond villain '' . 
  cool , its just that you do n't hear from many belarussians about life in their home country . 
  thanks for painting a picture . 
  that just said why trade is a good thing , which is really obvious . 
  what it should have done is talk about how the eu manages trade , perhaps how the `` dialogue '' for new trade policies is conducted , or the benefits that member states get with respect to trade as opposed to those outside the eu . 
  how do we know that the best policies are being made , after all ? 
  it may well not be !, 
  this was just pointless . 
  it 's not that he wants to prevent it , it 's just that he does n't care and is more interested in making populist statements to please his voters . 
  yeah , i agree that being granted an immediate right to vote would n't be right because the argument hinges on the government you vote for affecting you , both as a justification of democracy and to give time to make an informed decision based on the previous government . 
  perhaps the grace period should be equal to the term of the national parliament ; by moving to a different state you have to miss out on one election , but you can vote in the next ? 
  i consider myself a conservative , but i support the uk staying in the eu . 
  there are many more like me , so please do n't think that the country is chomping at the bit to get out despite how it seems in the press . 
  i also think that if we had a referendum , business will fund a massive `` no '' campaign which will decide the vote . 
  i think the answer for making membership more popular is , in a word , education . 
  our children learn next to nothing about how the eu operates and why it 's set up the way it is . 
  our voting adults know even less . 
  i 'd be very surprised if the home affairs minister was n't right on this . 
  forcefully revoking nationality , especially those who do not have dual-citizenship , is not something that can easily be done in all but the most authoritarian countries , and the whole `` eu citizenship '' thing would likely make it even more difficult . 
  citizenship is treated more like a right than a privilege , hence why even the worst criminals are n't revoked citizenship . 
  while i know little about maltese constitutional law , i would expect that the most the nationalists could do would be to shut down the scheme as soon as they get into power . 
  * sigh * this is what people are talking about when they call the euro `` half-baked '' . 
  how can you have a central bank that ca n't control the printing of the currency it 's been put in charge of ? 
  question : ca n't the ecb just allow more euros to be printed to counteract the falling inflation ? 
  it 's free money for the governments ( so less austerity ) , and solves an economic problem to boot . 
  the only justifiable reason i can see for denying schengen membership at this point is if the external borders are insufficient , which i would assume is part of the `` technical criteria '' and is therefore not the case . 
  seems a bit silly really , trying to tackle a problem 7 years after nothing meaningful can be done . 
  perhaps after the limits on rights to work are dropped for a month or so , politicians will start to see that bringing in ro and bg into schengen is essentially free money . 
  he 's referencing the irish vote on the lisbon treaty , which was re-run after concessions were made . 
  that said , i think a bit more direct democracy with the respect of transfer of powers is necessary . 
  i 'd suggest joining their parties then , and helping out with campaigns . 
  question for bulgarians , are any new political parties coming out of these protests ? 
  you 're not going to get anything done otherwise , even if the government does resign and call an election , since they 'll just get elected again . 
  i 'm really glad we have wikipedia to finally answer the question of what is and what is not a legitimate protest . 
  ukip is still important in the general election , though . 
  most of their support draws from who would otherwise be conservative voters , so their success reduces the conservative 's chances of a more favourable outcome for them . 
  considering that the economy in the uk is going better than expected , the combination of lib dems taking some of the credit and ukip sapping the tories could return us to another `` kingmaker '' situation , whether it be labour or conservative . 
  or , if something really bad happens economically speaking , labour could take power again and the coalition experiment will end . 
  the uk 's current status as a multi-party system is a very recent one following decades of two-party politics , unless you 're including regional assemblies , which tend to be multi-party . 
  the uk parliament historically has not formed coalitions in peacetime . 
  we do n't know whether or not the situation of `` two parties and a kingmaker '' will last . 
  curiously , the uk government is in a coalition despite the electoral system being fptp which does not favour coalitions , and the scottish government is a single party majority despite the electoral system being the additional member system which * does * favour coalitions . 
  we 're such a stubborn people . 
  parliament legislating for the territories without the permission of their territorial legislatures is one of those reserve powers that are for emergencies . 
  if they wanted to be legislated directly , they 'd hold a referendum for full accession to the united kingdom . 
  besides , it would do a lot of damage the uk 's argument for having the falklands as an overseas territory . 
  we 've got a lot of colonial history that we 're trying to shake off . 
  it 's not a strong argument , though , and certainly not the most efficient way to go about it . 
  i 'd prefer one that says `` hang on , is this really any worse than alcohol ? 
  i feel that the european council is similar enough to the various council of the eu configurations that merging the bodies would streamline the processes . 
  it may be more important than any of the others , but it 's ultimately the representatives of each national government collaborating on legislation to be passed on and negotiated with the parliament , and the com is built to handle that kind of framework . 
  i consider deciding on the competencies of the eu in relation to member states to fall under `` constitutional matters '' . 
  at the current stage of the eu 's development as a political body , it 's a far more important affair than it is within national parliaments . 
  all that said , you make a good point about reworking the president of the european council into an elected position as head honcho . 
  the commission employs the civil service , as do other institutions , it is not the same thing as the commission . 
  it would continue to exist , but it would be instead be employed by the parliament and the com accordingly . 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_civil_service ), 
  that 's an excellent video , but you have to admit by watching it that it 's a very complex system even from the perspective of someone who 's familiar with how parliaments work . 
  honestly , i 'd just cut out the commission altogether , it 's not necessary and its powers can be distributed to the other , more appropriate institutions . 
  the european council should become a subset of the council of ministers , too , and should be solely focused on constitutional matters and enlargement , and should be the only body that should require unanimity . 
  this means that the president of the european council merges with the rotating com presidency . 
  oh , and rename the president of the parliament the `` speaker '' , because that 's what s/he obviously is . 
  now all we 're left with is a bicameral legislature , which practically every european should be familiar with . 
  one of a proportional parliament , and one of member state ministers . 
  fine , but is there a reason this has to be done at a european level instead of a state one ? 
  to go further , black rod knocks on the commons door with his rod three times , really hard . 
  this has gone on for so many generations that there is an enormous dent in the wooden door . 
  could n't you say it 's like a republic that has only one seat of governance ( justified , considering its size ? 
  it 's a funky republic with two equal heads of state , moulded on the ancient roman republic . 
  : / you 're going to have to do better than that . 
  interesting , i did n't know how close the catalonian regions were to italy , culturally speaking . 
  learn something new every day . 
  haha , she even looks like him . 
  surely portugal is the most similar country to spain in the eu ? 
  while i can understand separation of church and state as has been so strong in turkey 's constitution , i think banning headscarves in parliament is going too far , and support the removal of such a law . 
  that said , i still do n't like erdogan . 
  i do n't see a `` two state solution '' working . 
  there 's too strong a sense of cyprus , north and south , existing as a singular nation of people . 
  federalism , with an equal north and south , seems like the way forward . 
  i really think this should be the case in all of europe . 
  if you do n't know at least one official language of a country , you ca n't be a permanent resident there . 
  i do n't expect to be able to be resident in france without learning a reasonable amount of french first . 
  a large problem is that education in the uk on how the eu works is close to fuck-all . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i suggest we start delivering copious amounts of freedom immediately . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  then again , techdirt has n't exactly been interested in facts or the rule of law when it comes to snowden . 
  i do n't think there 's much you can do other than keep doing what you 're doing and pray that the oil lasts as long as possible . 
  god * damn * it must be nice to be norwegian right now . 
  has not one , but two disputed regions claiming independence , a problem common with the caucasus countries .
