  hence why we ( and france and the us ) are n't in syria right now . 
  it 's one of our prouder moments , i think . 
  not very much for europeans , but americans go crazy for our royal family . 
  it 's just slightly too slow . 
  so you 're not being forced at all and you can just turn the tv off . 
  i think you 're overreacting a little . 
  are you saying spaniards are forced to watch the king 's speech ? 
  austerity is n't an binary thing , it 's a matter of degree and balance . 
  the uk 's austerity has been relatively mild by european standards . 
  hell , they 'd make a great country to join the eu if they were n't so far away . 
  you could make similar arguments about plenty of these movements , such as wallonia and flanders . 
  they 're separatists in that they want to separate from the country they are part of in the status quo . 
  if we started colouring movements that want independence and movements that want to be a part of a different country differently , the map would become needlessly complicated . 
  i could say the same thing about the netherlands . 
  nope , it 's optional . 
  contact your isp and get it removed , voila . 
  for that reason ( while i do n't agree with how this is being done , i think it should be a strongly advertised opt-in thing ) , i think there 's been a lot of overreaction about this . 
  my mobile service on virgin media has had a similar opt-out filter for years , and the opt-out process was done in minutes . 
  obviously , but that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  the overall value ? 
  sure , but the overall value does n't mean much , i 'd like to see the breakdown by country including the baltics , since they 've had massively divergent paths since the fall of the soviet union . 
  i think the opinion of the baltic states are pretty important in this matter , though . 
  if the us had universal healthcare , she could n't sue for healthcare costs because there were none . 
  i think the map is only concerned with what the law says . 
  from what you 're saying , malta would be dark red . 
  yeah , i 'm sorry about that , i was a bit harsh . 
  i read through so many threads about a `` common european foreign policy '' and a `` unified eu military '' , and the only people who seem to be pointing out why they 're ridiculous concepts is the british and the french and everybody else is treating it like they will get a massive eu army protecting them without having to pay any more for it than they already are . 
  twice now i 've had accusations thrown away that me and the uk are simply being obstructionist and maybe we should just leave the eu if we do n't like it . 
  that said , the threads normally come to a consensus that the best way forward is simply streamlining the ability for two or more eu militaries to work together . 
  now i see this video which is outlining exactly that and i have hope that we 've come to a real and fair consensus which saves everyone money without damaging democracy ... and the only comment at the time is a gibraltarian blithely dismissing it as propaganda . 
  i hope you can understand my frustration , all it does make us british look like a europe-hating stereotype which is n't true . 
  and i suppose it 's yours ? 
  please , do go on . 
  this is brilliant . 
  an endless war between the goat protectors and the horde of people trying to burn it . 
  this is the right way to do european defence . 
  no shoehorning of a common foreign policy that does n't exist , but instead voluntary cooperation and harmonisation of engineering standards . 
  i really do n't see a downside . 
  kazhakstan 's in a customs union with russia , so they 're not really on the cards unless that particular project sours . 
  azerbaijan is an open question , they 've got lots of oil , but nagorno-karabakh complicates matters and it somewhat depends on what armenia plans to do . 
  armenia is in a similar situation to ukraine as far as russia is concerned . 
  alright , german bros , question . 
  would you guys be okay with levelling out defence spending across the eu proportionally to the population , with a military force as large as the currently existing european forces combined ? 
  bear in mind you 'd be paying more on defence and control of that military will be at a european level . 
  we 're not blocking it , we 'd have a referendum on it , as would many other member states . 
  there 's a difference . 
  i swear the uk banned animal circus acts a couple of years ago . 
  a common eu defence policy means that either the uk ( and france ) pays disproportionately to protect the rest of europe with little return , or the rest of europe being forced to increase its military spending against the wishes of its people to come to the standards expected by the uk and france . 
  it ca n't work , and it 's ridiculous that we 're being criticised for standing up against the shoehorning of european integration in what is essentially the only area where it patently can not work . 
  i have no desire to force the germans and italians into increasing their military spending against their wishes , we ca n't ignore the scars of the world wars . 
  we must learn from them , not wipe them clean . 
  nope , that 's right . 
  i 'd also add that a lot of potential eu members also do not recognise kosovo , including armenia , bosnia and herzegovina , georgia , moldova and ukraine . 
  i suppose a more accurate and even-handed way to phrase it would be that the `` kosovo situation must be resolved '' , be it a two or one state solution . 
  for as long as there are two sides to the conflict , then eu membership becomes impossible . 
  you ca n't have an internal disagreement on the number of members of the european council , or the number of seats in the parliament , it would just be nonsense . 
  very , very well said . 
  i wonder what the founding fathers of the us would think if they knew how europe and america eventually played out into the present day ? 
  the fact that we 're in this situation is beyond extraordinary . 
  lovely , the self-proclaimed champion of free speech threatens a democratically elected parliament for the audacity of letting a man speak freely . 
  if mr. rogers ca n't accept europe 's standards of free speech , then maybe he should go back to his constituents and explain why he 's jeopardising a trade deal worth billions and ignoring the first and most important right enshrined in his country 's much revered constitution . 
  first instinct says good , i want the eu to cover the whole of europe . 
  second instinct says oh , boy , this is going to be a rough one . 
  i wonder if recognising kosovo is going to end up as a requirement , i presume it will be . 
  yes there does , because it 's very rarely that simple, 
  very poor timing for a protest , to be honest . 
  everyone 's looking at ukraine right now , nobody is going to notice this one . 
  i 've got my popcorn and my tiny `` team europe '' flags ready to go . 
  yeah , thought they would . 
  tsipras is the most well known and influential left party politician they have , and the one responsible for overturning the established greek system . 
  obviously they wo n't win , but they 've added themselves to the ever increasing pile of groups who are nominating their own ec president candidates , and that 's going to add some more flavour and meaning to the next elections . 
  no , i think unanimity is best here , even if all else becomes qmv . 
  eu membership is monumental and involves a lot of mutual trust . 
  if that 's in doubt , the eu itself does n't work . 
  well , good . 
  that 's how protests are supposed to work . 
  it 's not over yet until he actually signs it , but this is hopeful news . 
  i consider that the number one priority . 
  that 's pretty awesome to hear , i 'm glad democracy is getting better and better in the eu . 
  i 'm going to pretend that you have a single dedicated word for `` pocket whale '' . 
  remind me never to piss off a pole . 
  really makes you wonder where brussels would end up if belgium partitioned . 
  i wonder what the brusselaars would think if it turned into a kind of federal eu district , similar to washington dc . 
  oh , but to mix it up , they still keep their king . 
  t ' republic of t ' north . 
  my head hurts . 
  then they should do that all the time . 
  how horrifying . 
  looks like things are hotting up . 
  could still go either way , really . 
  that 's a good point . 
  ugh , this country is too complicated , need a lie down . 
  you 're right , but it should be noted that henry viii and edward vi held the title of `` supreme head of the church of england '' , a title that was repealed by mary i ( a.k.a. 
  `` bloody mary '' ) , who was a catholic . 
  elizabeth i , a protestant , then re-established the church of england and adopted the slightly less dominating `` supreme governor '' title after mary 's death . 
  also , the british question is complicated and nuanced and a bit silly . 
  `` british '' is the official name of having a nationality of the united kingdom , and can be used to describe the ethnicity which includes the majority in northern ireland . 
  however , britain ( full name `` great britain '' ) is technically just the biggest geographical island in the isles and excludes the tiny islands like the shetlands and the isle of wight , although colloquially people use it to mean england , scotland and wales . 
  and then the british isles means the entire group of islands , even though in the republic of ireland the term is understandably controversial , even though no practical alternative name has been officially suggested . 
  yeah , that was my impression too .
