  members of the public , uk and worldwide , often complain that the people who represent them are politicians and not `` real people '' . 
  ukip is an example of what happens when you elect random `` real people '' with no training or understanding of politics . 
  they 'll say something stupid and offend a demographic or two , and they 'll try to pull off misguided stunts without understanding what they 're doing . 
  it 'll keep on happening until they piss off enough people to vote them out , which at this rate wo n't take much time . 
  i think it 's just a phase . 
  the public reacted against `` typical politicians '' , but they 'll react harder against the alternative as they realise what they 've done . 
  the crown `` owning the swans '' is our fancy and archaic way of saying that they 're a protected species on ecological grounds , a common practice in many countries . 
  swans would likely not last long if they could be freely hunted , as they can not be farmed , and are very edible . 
  a single swan does n't matter , but it 's the principle of the thing . 
  bears also prefer wooded areas in which to defecate . 
  unfortunately , money is really the only practical motivator here . 
  the open source philosophy is , while admirable , not a vote winner . 
  it 's an interesting question is n't it ? 
  that said , there would be a whole slew of legislation to patch up the holes , and one of those would be along the lines `` the united kingdom of england , wales and northern ireland is the successor state of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '' . 
  it would probably be one of the most complicated legislative tasks ever undertaken . 
  the act of union 1707 is , after all , buried under 3 centuries of legislation . 
  that said , i will stress that the chance of scotland leaving is tiny and ever diminishing as the date approaches . 
  we 'd be talking about it more if it was likely . 
  it 's all about [ succession of states ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/successor_state ) . 
  it 's quite a broad thing , and it 's not that well defined , but the main accepted theory is that the largest state is the successor state unless it chooses not to be . 
  all others are considered `` new states '' and have to start from scratch . 
  when the soviet union dissolved , the russian federation became its successor because it was the biggest state , and retained the permanent seat on the un security council amongst other things . 
  spain will still be spain if catalonia leaves . 
  the only precedent that could possibly be set is the procedure for states within the eu splitting and reapplying for membership , especially with respect to the retainment of opt-outs . 
  ukraine 's position as the bridge between two large markets is quite convenient for them . 
  they will play the eu against russia , but never commit unless the most beneficial move for them becomes obvious . 
   the current issue is about goods not people ... uh , what ? 
  have i been reading the news wrong ? 
  i thought the issue was entirely about movement of people , not goods . 
  i would n't be suggesting schengen if it was n't . 
  thing is , gibraltar is n't part of the uk , as much as it pretends to be . 
  right now you still need a passport to fly from london to gibraltar . 
  of course it would be super-easy , but the common travel area ( the uk and ireland 's mini-schengen ) would n't be affected by the spanish-gibraltan border . 
  hmm . 
  i wonder if we could put gibraltar , and gibraltar only , in the schengen area ? 
  obviously the given reason why the uk and ireland is n't in the schengen area ( `` islands are different '' ) , valid or not , does n't apply to gibraltar . 
  europe got rid of land border controls for a reason , and this is a good demonstration of why . 
  i 'm getting flashbacks of biology textbooks detailing the reproductive system from this picture . 
  nice going russia , you 've pushed ukraine further towards the eu and risk losing trade links with another former soviet republic , continuing your downward spiral of influence . 
  i really think jerusalem should always be used to represent england . 
  well , there is a reason why i 'm subscribed to none of those . 
  i 'd rather not add / r/europe to that list . 
  the city where you live now then , obviously . 
  if you identify more strongly with that , then it would be helpful to use your flair to show that . 
  in the uk we think it 's rude and presumptuous if you include the tip in the price , though there 's various conventions about tipping on the customer 's side . 
  for example , if you have to get up to a bar to order , no need to tip unless they do something extra special for you . 
  because it 's spreading scientifically unsound information and obscuring the debate , that 's why . 
  it 's actively preventing legalisation because even if a government wanted to legalise it , they have to wade through the mountains of urban myths created by various redditors before they can even start a constructive parliamentary debate on it . 
  the same thing goes for any controversial topic . 
  if there 's hard science behind it , go ahead , but i 'm absolutely fed up of anecdotal evidence by stoners about how their pot cured their daughter 's congenital disease without any evidence behind it . 
  sorry for the rant , but this shit is an attack on discourse itself , and i 'm rather fond of evidence-backed lawmaking . 
  that does n't make it right either way . 
  everyone should cut it out , but reddit wants to keep its `` lol i 'm so edgy '' culture . 
  if we 're playing to stereotypes here , surely it would reduce the sales of those things ? 
  sort of , but you ca n't just have a referendum to obtain an opt-out unilaterally . 
  you would either have to withdraw eu membership entirely , or renegotiate new terms of your membership to include that opt-out , which the eu could withhold if they liked . 
  perhaps both could happen . 
  but yes , i think if the public support of membership of a specific treaty is evidently under question , then there 's a moral imperative to start negotiations and then a referendum on the result . 
  there 's obviously not much point on having referendums on thing which already have evidently overwhelming support , but it can be a good way to give the public the impression that their opinion is being valued . 
  i agree , but i 'd like to know for sure what exactly is illegal so negotiations can be smoother . 
  trilateral negotiations are the way forward . 
  clarifying which country is acting illegally , and which proposed actions would be illegal if carried out , such as the proposed border crossing fee . 
  they should also mediate negotiations . 
  we 're allies with pooled sovereignty , after all . 
  we should n't be having border disputes . 
  i disagree , i think it 's wise to revisit opt-outs and reservations every decade or so and think critically about why they should or should not continue to exist . 
  after all , if it become evident that removing them would be beneficial , then why not ? 
  i personally do n't know enough about the denmark-eu relationship to say whether it would be right or wrong to remove the opt-outs , but i do n't agree with refusing to consider the question . 
  seriously , the eu needs to intervene and intervene hard . 
  you may as well just say `` countries that oppress gay people '' then . 
  uganda is a famous example of a christian country which also strongly oppresses gay people . 
  certainly . 
  i 'd highly advise coordinating with the mods to do this , though . 
  they 've got crazy big natural oil resources , to be fair . 
  it would be difficult for them not to do well . 
  they always knew . 
  everyone has a soft spot for moomins . 
  oh great , now he 's publicly praying to god . 
  someone please take him out of his misery !, 
  by `` face it '' , i mean it 's literally impossible for the government to stop inheritance from happening . 
  parents will do their best to help their children , and nothing can be done to stop that . 
  the rich will give tons of money to their children , or give them a job at their company , or buy them a house . 
  yes it sucks , but it 's going to happen anyway . 
  these families , like any rich person , will either move out of a country that has become hostile to them or simply move everything into the black market . 
  oh , so we 'll be forcibly stripping all noble families of their assets then . 
  right . 
  face it , inheritance happens . 
  sure , it breaks the correlation between work and material benefits , but people will only do it in secret instead . 
  and passive-aggressive statements like this is one of many reasons why lithuania , latvia and estonia are in nato . 
  russia is n't a trusted country . 
  it is . 
  it 's only part of britain for the purposes of the eu elections , specifically south-east england , because there was no other way of doing it . 
  edit : my bad , south-west england . 
  the problem is that the 21st century is a direct product of the centuries that preceded it . 
  the vast majority of the borders in europe are either a product of a stupid war , or colonialism , or both . 
  it 's also a large reason why there are very few straight borders this side of the atlantic . 
  we , the people of the 21st century , just have to deal with the fallout of that , even if it means upholding colonial constructs such as overseas territories if the people it concerns rejects any proposed change to that . 
  anything else violates the principle of self-determination . 
  the infamous `` last dictatorship in europe '' . 
  the only european state that chose to remain firmly in the russian sphere of influence instead of the european one after the fall of the soviet union .
