  you can always be the king of two independent countries if our queen can manage being the head of 16 . 
  this is how i make it the vast majority of the time : fill electric kettle from sink and turn on . 
  while water is boiling ; get out large mugs for each person , place one yorkshire tea teabag in each mug , get out carton of semi-skimmed milk out of the fridge and place to one side . 
  the moment that the kettle starts to boil , immediately pour the water in each mug , up to the level that you want the tea to be at once it is served . 
  waiting to brew is a question of taste , but i wait five minutes . 
  longer than that and the tea will stew ; oils will separate from the tea leaving a blotchy appearance on the surface , which wo n't ruin your tea but will let you know not to do it so long next time . 
  once finished , remove teabag from each mug with a teaspoon . 
  allow a couple seconds for the loose water to drain out of the teabag , but do not be tempted to press every last drop out of it . 
  add a very small amount of semi-skimmed milk , just enough to make up the lost volume from the removed teabag . 
  stir until a uniform opaque brown colour and serve . 
  this is the bit where you can add sugar or sweetener if you want it , but i do n't personally . 
  it 's an interesting reference , but the eu structures would fundamentally change a lot of things . 
  we drink unreasonable quantities of tea . 
  i agree with them . 
  this is primarily a matter of citizenship more than anything . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , then that quite heavily changes the status and rights of british citizenship even when they are not resident in the uk . 
  of course , they should still be required to register like every other vote , so i ca n't imagine that too many of them will make the effort . 
  oh , actually you are right , i looked it up . 
  it would really mess with the place if ni voted to join the roi and the roi rejected it . 
  no , i think only ni does . 
  part of the good friday agreement is that both the uk and the roi would respect the wishes of the population of ni with respect to territorial sovereignty . 
  edit : i am wrong , ignore me !, 
  fair enough , i hope you 're right . 
  it 's somewhat natural for alarm bells to ring when a somewhat authoritarian party wins a general election with a majority and then immediately there 's talk of a new constitution . 
  if there 's broad crossbench support then i 'm cool with that . 
  i do n't like presidential systems , personally , there 's not nearly enough checks against spiraling authoritarianism . 
  people only heed his advice because icelandic politics is obscure , practically nobody outside of iceland has heard about how dishonest the progressive party was with respect to the eu . 
  i really do n't like where this is going . 
  which is all very well if you are already at the kind of pay grade where your travel costs are paid for or do n't entirely eat your salary . 
  besides , the career i was looking at required quicker availability on request than someone who lived that far away . 
  you 'd have to be the only guy in the uk who can do that job if you can say you 'd have to make that kind of commute and the employer does n't laugh you out of the door . 
  yup . 
  i live in norwich myself , and i guarantee there are many more of us . 
  london house prices have probably hurt economic growth in this country quite a lot . 
  not seen : london , uk exploding out of the top of the picture . 
  the prices there have pushed me out of numerous job opportunities . 
  sign of the times really . 
  english has unofficially been the most widespread pan-european language for a while now , but when companies start putting the european flag to mean `` english '' , then that 's a step towards a more official status as the language of europe . 
  ^ ( also it 's another glorious victory over the french , but do n't tell them . ), 
  is that short for co-operative ? 
  if so we have that too . 
  i care about the quality of qualifications and experience that politicians have in their portfolios , as it directly impacts their ability to do their job properly . 
  practically everyone who has the kind of qualifications necessary for a commissioner role inevitably has professional contacts and employment options elsewhere in that sector . 
  sadly , there 's no decent solution to keeping politics and business interests separate while having qualified and knowledgeable politicians . 
  there 's not really much point to doing it compared to sending robots up , other than being able to say that you put a human on the moon ... which has already been done . 
  space agencies seem to be much more interested in mars , which is more difficult to reach but a much better candidate for long-term colonisation . 
  so either you would have commissioners that were n't experienced in their own portfolios , or you 'd leave them incapable of gaining employment in the sectors that they have experience in , which no professional would sign up for unless they retire immediately afterwards ? 
  neither of these options seem better than the status quo . 
  [ a tale of two friends ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png ), 
  i 've never seen one with my own eyes . 
  i 've seen pretty convincing reports that they exist though , much like the drop bear or the haggis . 
  because they do n't have much in the way of trade opportunities and in the case of iran it 's because the us tells us to , and the us is a more valuable trading partner than iran . 
  it 's always been like this . 
  is that the closest thing you can say to criticising the president without breaking the law ? 
  it would be if i was saying that he was necessarily wrong because of his personal position . 
  he could be right , i 'm just pointing out that it should n't be surprising or newsworthy that he 's saying it . 
  i 'd rather hear analysis from someone who has more experience in this field and not such a conflict of interest , even if it turns out that they agree with ai completely . 
  i 'm sure ai weiwei is a nice guy with legitimate criticisms , but it has practically become his job to be critical of the prc government and anyone who works with them . 
  he ca n't really say otherwise or people will turn away from him as an artist . 
  pretty ironic , now i think about it . 
   i do n't think europe faces any sort of crazy laws either but then you have member states that 've proven otherwise like the uk with the porn law that 's unraveled . 
  i 've spent so much time debunking the whole thing about the so-called `` porn law '' , and people continue to spread the meme without ever having personally experienced uk isps , let alone ever being asked about parental filters , that i honestly give up . 
  i do n't care any more . 
  go ahead , believe that the government was banning online porn and we 're apparently such a passive sexless society that we inexplicably did n't riot in the streets . 
  why does it even matter ? 
  hi mr. corbett , thanks for doing the ama !, 
  can you give a brief run-down of what developments are brewing in the constitutional affairs committee that we 're likely to see proposed in the near future ? 
  reform has become a big word in uk-eu politics , and i think the public would love to know more about where the eu is headed . 
  i 've always liked the idea behind the visegrad group . 
  these smaller groups seem like a really practical way to get local-ish international cooperation going quickly when eu-wide efforts are either too slow or inappropriate . 
  that 's a pretty terrible reason to support it . 
  it 's actually quite important as the price of getting rid of internal borders . 
  took the schengen area a while to realise that , but we got there eventually . 
  they do n't have much of a concept of asylum . 
  presumably cyprus would lift its veto if the island reunified ? 
  the mudmen admit the truth of their betters scraaawwww, 
  i 've always agreed with the language one in particular , but i feel like a dick for speaking up about it because it would mean that i would n't have to do any extra work personally . 
  language is fundamental to our being , and a common language brings common interests and world-views . 
  why english , one of the most awkward hybrid languages in europe , became the dominant one i 'm not fully sure , but we really should roll with it . 
   the article is probably correct , but the deal will be in force before we actually know it . 
  that 's neither what will happen nor constitutionally possible . 
  it has to be published first . 
  can you honestly think of any act in any parliament in the eu that was in force before it was published ? 
  any army needs a foreign policy to direct that army . 
  would the honourable members care to explain where they plan to pull an eu-wide foreign policy that is both effective and democratic ? 
  i suppose general elections are less meaningful in a country with no real internal crises and which constantly has referenda to resolve any major changes in policy . 
  a little bit , yes . 
  that 's probably our fault . 
  it 's very much the case in the uk . 
  it would be like having `` monsieur '' as a first name . 
  unless we can think of a better system , the the current one seems to work in a round-about awkward way . 
  we have n't had any nuclear weapons fired in battle for a long time , at the very least . 
  yeah , there 's a big breed of russian oligarch who are n't really bothered by politics so long as it does n't interfere with their profits , assets or property . 
  they 're certainly not patriotic . 
  pensions are great here ( many would say too great ) , but our currency is strong . 
  if money goes further in other countries like turkey , then to them living in britain looks like a raw deal in comparison . 
  this is a wider problem with respect to the commission itself . 
  the commission is more restricted by the european people than given a mandate by one . 
  i 'd like to see the day when this is no longer the case and the commission is more closely tied to democratic processes . 
  belarus is n't like most other countries in europe .
