  basically , they 're trimming the areas which can only really be there to be abused , and keeping the actually useful bit . 
  a calm and measured approach i can only applaud . 
  also , the unified ireland . 
  ah , my mistake . 
  he 's still dumb though . 
  oh yes , the shadowy place . 
  i tend not to go there . 
  who are you ? 
  oh god . 
  oh dear , the boris incident ticked him off , did n't it ? 
  i do love how both the government , public and media instantly took to disliking and ridiculing him . 
  standing up to ignorance is the only way to put it in its place . 
  we 've had enemies before , but he 's one of the worthiest ones . 
  the fact that your posts are frequently crafted to provoke negative responses is the very definition of a troll . 
  you have used uncalled-for hyperbole and have horrifically misrepresented arguments on a regular basis . 
  i will not continue this discussion any further . 
  ( this guy is a troll , check his post history , please downvote him then ignore him ), 
  it would be fairly cool to have a unified website for this kind of thing , though . 
  local governments would probably be far too big of an undertaking , there 's just too many of them , but national level governments ( as well as the regional assemblies for the uk ) would provide a huge boon for democracy . 
  no , god !, 
  no , god please no !, 
  nooooooooooooo, 
  haha , well played . 
  germany is n't going to be happy about that . 
  dear mr. holmes , your payment of # 750 has been approved and completed , thank you for your custom . 
  also , we made the map up , it does n't mean anything . 
  yours sincerely , gfk geomarketing, 
  and they really expect their customers to believe them ? 
  agreed , this needs to be sorted out internally first , as nice as it would be to have as an entry requirement . 
  i think the `` you have to plan to join the euro '' thing does n't seem justified either , because the uk is n't in it and there was no real problem there . 
  it should be part of a larger principle ; no hypocrisy . 
  if you want it to be an entry requirement , existing members need to confirm first , or prospective members have every right to cry foul . 
  erk , we 're sorry for misleading you on this , but in the uk everything to do with eurovision is smothered in a thick layer of irony , and all uk media knows and uses this . 
  it 's basically an in-joke that 's collectively shared by the entire nation , so please do n't take anything that we say with relation to eurovision at face-value . 
  fact is , we have n't taken it seriously for a long time , so pretending that we do is part of the joke . 
  it 's very entertaining , which is why we continue to fund it . 
  a prime example is when our commentator , graham norton , had a recorded interview with one of the hosts in 2010 . 
  it was made out to be live , but in fact the current live graham norton ended up doing an hilarious voice-over commentary on his own interview . 
  [ here 's the link . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kwqvwl-oi8 ), 
  hooray !, 
  when you use the phrase `` this country '' , do you mean `` the people that make up this country '' or something more abstract ? 
  from my point of view , i just want the british people to have control over their own laws . 
  it does n't matter how that comes about , just that it happens . 
  in theory , a properly democratised eu could bring that about . 
  bringing it all back to westminster is the equivalent of hiding ourselves back in our shell , politically speaking . 
  it 's important we have that shell , and if europe refuses to give the british people the say they deserve , then we are perfectly justified in using it , but we must give them one last chance . 
  there needs to be new european constitution ( and we should do our best to help write it ) , and it will go to a referendum . 
  if it is no good , we should reject it and leave the eu until further notice . 
  in fact , i 'd support your demands to be put in the new constitution . 
  taking up the euro should play no part in being a member of the eu , and the budget contribution should adhere to the principle of putting in what you get out as close as reasonably possible . 
  i do n't see the result as being contrary to the european project at all . 
  it 's different , yes , but it 's not unrecognisable and still worth defending . 
  all i 'm suggesting is that we give one opportunity to fix it . 
  if the rest of europe is unwilling , then we go . 
  okay , i 'll preface this by saying that i consider myself a conservative , but i appreciate the cause of ukip ( i 'd even call myself an admirer of farage ) and understand why it exists . 
  however , i do n't think that you 're fully grasping why people are skeptical of the eu . 
  they care about democratic principles and their ability to have their voices heard on every single piece of legislation that governs them , and feel that what the eu currently is does not do that . 
  from their perspective , the eu is far too much of an outward influence imposing laws on things that they feel powerless to have a say in . 
  this is a valid criticism . 
  the eu is not a conceptually flawed idea . 
  co-operation in the drafting of laws , a unification of parliamentary procedures across countries and minimising inter-european conflicts are all sensible ideas , but they must be carried out correctly . 
  the united kingdom was the ultimate example of cross-cooperation between countries before the eu came along , after all . 
  it is the execution that is poor ( i mean , a european president that we had absolutely no say in electing is abominable ) , and the resulting unaccountability is what leads to the corruption that the public really fears . 
  ukip says that we should bring back the powers to westminster , but there is another way . 
  reform and democratise the eu so it is a safe place for those powers to lie , and where they can be more useful to the world . 
  put the european parliament at the very top , put meps in charge of drafting laws . 
  make the european president directly elected by the european people or do n't have one at all . 
  it 's not sovereignty that 's important , it 's democracy and true accountability . 
  after the next eu treaty that should make these changes , we should have a referendum , as a matter of judgement of the public . 
  it is the eu 's duty to convince britain to stay , and that can only be achieved through democracy . 
  in a nutshell , i accept most of ukip 's complaints of the eu , but i do not find its solution to be logical . 
  hardly , it 's mainly that we 're geographically separate from europe and do n't really think ourselves as `` european '' . 
  not everything is down to `` influential interests '' . 
  why does the trend line go down at the top ? 
  looking at the scatter , it does n't seem justified , if anything it just keeps going up . 
  i 'm sure we have a decent idea right now . 
  the uk in particular is n't very happy with the eu right now , if the increasing size of ukip and the rising euroskepticism of the conservatives is any indication . 
  point is , the eu obviously needs to be a fundamentally democratic organisation before it will work , and it needs to do it enough to satisfy its citizens . 
  i said `` unified outrage '' , directionless outrage or just simple amorality does n't mean anything in politics . 
  in no way am i saying that the uk is a content society , but in general it does n't see any of the parties as good or bad when you average it out . 
  it does n't see anything on the road better than the path it 's on , despite not particularly liking the path . 
  oh , my mistake . 
  carry on !, 
  i refuse to accept the legitimacy of anyone who calls themselves a `` european president '' whom i had absolutely zero opportunity to vote for or against . 
  heh , because he 's an improvement . 
  this article does n't say much in terms of solutions . 
  the public is caring less about politics , and i get the feeling it is because there has n't been any unified outrage about anything recently . 
  it 's been a long time since something like the poll tax , and the worst labour can drum up is complaining about a tax on pasties . 
  the government is a coalition , and the opposition is weak . 
  all arguments are becoming increasingly boring . 
  we 're not in the eurozone , and nobody really seems to care about lords ' reform because the liberal democrat 's approach is uncreative . 
  no problem !, 
  if i could n't be sincere about these things , i 'd know i have some urgent soul-searching to do . 
  anyway . 
  they 're actually not too different , apart from the fact that the prevalent brand assumes the eu does n't have the capacity to sort itself out , whereas i do n't think it 's fair to make that judgement prematurely . 
  either the eu becomes truly democratic ( and if we have a president , make him/her nominated by the party groups and directly elected by the people ) , or it should return a treaty based international forum . 
  i hope it 's the former , but i do n't think it 's acceptable to continue while giving it the power it does n't yet deserve . 
  i 'm a soft euroskeptic and a conservative , but i believe that ukip simplifies the issue too much and plays somewhat into the hands of those who do n't want to see the world in anything but black and white . 
  i 'd support the uk remaining a member of the eu if it was overhauled to put the european parliament at the top of policy-making and functioned much more like a democratic institution .
