i think the plan is to basically treat transnistria the same way the eu and the republic of cyprus treats northern cyprus . 
  at the end of the day , for as long as transnistria is n't actually threatening the security or integrity of the rest of moldova , it can be something that can be deferred past eu membership . 
  eh , no , euros are n't worth quite as much as pounds , i 'd notice the difference . 
  without looking it up it 's about $ 1.30 to # 1 . 
  when i 'm still at the `` convert to pounds '' mindset , i normally add about a third . 
  i do n't care that tim cook is gay . 
  he 's an american ceoing an american company , in a state that legalised gay marriage in 2008 . 
  cook will change very little . 
  i * do * care that this guy is gay . 
  latvia has a way to go , both socially and legally , when it comes to the recognition and equality of homosexuals and same-sex couples . 
  this is a good step towards change . 
  people called romanes they go the house ? 
   poland : 5 kings that 's really weird for a republic . 
  is there a monarchist movement in poland or something ? 
  [ we had the best idea for coin designs ever . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/a/a8/new_british_coinage_2008.jpg/499px-new_british_coinage_2008.jpg ), 
  weirdly enough , when i 'm in the eurozone , i tend to stop converting it into pounds after the first couple of days . 
  it 's not exactly difficult to get a feel for what currency is worth once you see the value of basic things like bottles of coca cola , pints of milk or loaves of bread . 
  how do you know if someone uses linux ? 
  do n't worry , they 'll tell you . 
  windows 7 here . 
  china is generally considered part of eastern asia , so yes . 
  oh , i completely forgot about podemos . 
  yeah , you 're completely right . 
  i can certainly see the parallel with italy with respect to beppe grillo , but i ca n't say i can see it with spain . 
  this was bound to happen when the major political establishment banded together in a coalition just to keep syriza in opposition . 
  it creates a fairly justified victim complex and a narrative of the old struggling a losing battle against the new . 
  obviously the current icelandic government does n't want to continue , but this is clearly something that should either be frozen for the next government to deal with or put to a referendum . 
  how would you propose that the largest free trade agreement in human history would pass quietly , through 30 legislatures ? 
  wait , do you guys not have the queuing rule ? 
  if you join the queue before the official closing time , you can still vote ? 
  it never occurred to me that other countries might not do this , it just seems like common sense . 
  i 'm sure there 's lots of businesses in france , germany , austria and italy which uses switzerland and the trade agreements with it to their own advantage , be it for trade with the swiss or as transit to other eu countries . 
  not only is invoking the guillotine clause a sudden and disruptive economic sacrifice for some of the most influential countries in the eu , it is a sacrifice in direct terms of the eu 's raison d'etre ; uniting and integrating europe , lowering trade barriers , reducing the power of borders . 
  this will do the exact opposite , even if it is for the greater good . 
  i 'm concerned that domestic pressures will sway these border states around switzerland , who have enough collective power to dominate the debate . 
  yeah , that 's what i have been talking about . 
  if switzerland limits immigration from the eu , as they are currently constitutionally obligated to do within ( if i recall correctly ) about 2 years from now , and the eu handwaves it in the interest of free trade without using the guillotine clause , then that 's what i mean by the eu being weak . 
  switzerland is one of the very few countries in the world where the intentions of the politicians are n't the ultimate decider of the country 's policies . 
  i 'm not predicting either which way it 's going to go , but i am just pointing out the consequences if the eu is weak on this , and i 'm not confident that that wo n't happen . 
  this still seems like some theatrical dance for the public so far . 
  watch cameron make a small concession , and then merkel will make a small offer , and so on and so on until they meet in the middle and agree on a settlement . 
  unfortunately countries like switzerland are now seriously putting that kind of assertion in doubt . 
  mark my words , if they limit immigration while keeping the bilaterals , the uk * will * end up leaving and demanding the same . 
  wow , a 161 year old gilt . 
  impressive . 
  hooray democracy !, 
  this is the most genuinely irish thing i 've ever seen . 
  oh no , not the israeli ambassador !, 
  however shall sweden survive !, 
  this seems like a massive great misunderstanding of cultures going on . 
  koreans really are n't discriminated against here . 
  hell , they are stereotyped as being highly intelligent and hard-working to a fault , and certainly not ugly . 
  please do n't stop being who you really are , you do n't have to hide it . 
  just learn the language and try to immerse yourself in the culture , and people will accept you for that . 
  you 're on ( though you 'll probably win ) . 
  i think we 're next , though it depends on other countries with faster legislative systems . 
  please stop spamming this . 
  it 's getting really irritating now . 
  and no , i will not sign it when i do n't know the fine details of it . 
  interesting that it is decreasing , but it is from a terrifying starting point . 
  as far as i 'm aware , nk has always been predominately inhabited by ethnic armenians , like 75 % or so , but the ethnic cleansing has indeed changed the demographics enormously . 
  i suppose the question comes down to what the concept `` azeri land '' is actually defined as . 
  it 's a frozen conflict zone between armenia and azerbaijan . 
  while being enclaved in azerbaijan proper and being recognised by the un as part of azerbaijan , it has a majority ethnic armenian population , and acts as a de facto independent state . 
  last i checked we 're on track for another hung parliament , so i think it 's staying . 
  if bbc was in charge of broadcasting american football ( i.e. 
  no adverts ) , i bet it would become really popular . 
  the last time i watched it , nbc 's adverts just ruined it , and there were even times that we actually missed plays !, 
  ideally we 'd have more than one supply competing . 
  a combination of the us and , say , azerbaijan would be excellent for us . 
  does it matter ? 
  it 's compromising the idea that membership of either the eea or the eu is a positive move for european countries . 
  it 's a goldmine for euroskeptic parties to argue that there is a third way that takes the best of both economic integration and immigration restrictions , a parasitical relationship in other words , which the current members should take up instead of membership . 
  it 's showing up the eu as a soft touch on third countries who will give in to any demand for the sake of good relations , when we do n't owe the swiss anything . 
  we do n't need to make the eea lovely and popular , we need to make it genuinely beneficial and necessary . 
  only then will true popularity arise . 
  they 're free to do it , but i fully expect the use of the guillotine clause if it passes . 
  the bilateral treaties were a massive mistake , in my opinion . 
  we should stop being so soft on them and actually make them think about the consequences of their direct democracy . 
  heh , bad timing , we only just implemented fixed-term 5 year parliaments during this term , i do n't think we 'll be touching it again . 
  i do n't consider it a priority , we have annual elections for local councils which we synchronise with the eu already . 
  i assume that that 's what other countries do already , if it is not already in phase with the european elections . 
  there are pretty analogous issues in other eu countries too . 
  i think it was sweden that reported several hundred jihadists leaving for syria or iraq not too long ago . 
  the uk 's pretty accentuated because a ) there 's a lot of media and government attention on it , so we bother to report it and b ) the muslim population is very concentrated in certain areas of london and birmingham and c ) we 're not in schengen , so tracking this kind of thing is slightly easier for us . 
  til home schooling is illegal in some eu countries . 
  # 1.7 * billion * ?!, 
  `` oh , good job getting your finances in order . 
  we 're just going to take that extra revenue you had to make big sacrifices for and give it to countries whose finances we bear partial responsibility for mismanagement . 
  keep up the work , and try to do it again if you can !, 
  i really hope this is a misunderstanding or a mistranslation or something . 
  economic growth does n't just grow on trees and just happens to countries by accident . 
  we have to pay taxes and make savings and work hard . 
  we ca n't have a system that incentivises * against * financial responsibility . 
  it would benefit the eu more for us not to pay it and have them rethink their priorities in their financing . 
  otherwise this is just an economic bomb waiting to go off . 
  ah , i mean that joining the eu should in most cases favour english , because of freedom of movement and the need for a common language in interstate trade . 
  [ at least 51 % of eu citizens now speak english as a first or additional language ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_the_european_union#knowledge ) , and upper management and education in europe is often in english . 
  i do n't know if you 've ever used the trains , but they 're really going the way of the robot now .
