  i have a question about swiss law ; how bound is the federal government to the results of these referendums ? 
  might there be legal challenges if their implementation does n't sufficiently meet the wording of the question ? 
  i was always under the impression that swiss direct democracy was a bit stronger than this . 
  it should have died much earlier . 
  i do n't think the public particularly appreciated the fact that martin schulz ended up as president of the european parliament when he was in the running for commission president and lost . 
  i mean , why should martin schulz or jean claude juncker even care about the results if they had a cushy job lined up no matter what happened ? 
  the grand coalition ended up neutering the effectiveness of european elections because they basically never caused change in who actually had power in the eu . 
  what 's a rumlar ? 
  wales historically was never a kingdom with a crown in its own right , and you need the unification of at least two kingdoms for them to have the style `` united kingdom '' . 
  wales has however been promoted to a constituent country in the intervening years since it was annexed by the kingdom of england , so the natural name is `` kingdom of england and wales '' . 
  that said they can call themselves whatever they want to be . 
  the crappy state of opposition parties , especially labour , are to blame for putting the tories in a position of dictatorship-lite . 
  even the tories do n't want opposition this weak , they have no reasonable warning system that will guide them away from making bad mistakes . 
  it may have been a recommendation or something , it was n't presented as an eu law or directive here and i do n't think all eu countries have it in place . 
  the law was trialled in wales first and then extended to the rest of the uk when it proved so successful . 
  yes , but mps are still answerable to their constituents . 
  just because it 's technically possible does n't mean it 's a reasonable consideration anywhere other than maybe the snp seats in scotland . 
  / r/vexillology often posts joke redesigns . 
  they do serious stuff too , but the majority is a memefest . 
  could we possibly apply this to the european parliament as well ? 
  i 'm aware of a few meps that do this . 
  historically the rank of `` king '' is higher than `` queen '' , so in order to keep the queen regnant 's husband from ruling in her place he was forced to adopt the title of `` prince '' which is lower than `` queen '' . 
  it 's a bit of a sexist anachronism that i think will be abolished in waves in the same way that male primogeniture has generally been abolished in most kingdoms , but people only really bother making changes when there is a female monarch in the immediate succession . 
  a quick google says that unfortunately the un conventions of statelessness is pretty weak and only signed by a minority of countries , not including ukraine . 
  only 12 eu countries are signed up for it , so it 's not a european standard either . 
  no worries !, 
  the relationship between the old imperialism that has created all of these random overseas territories over the world and the modern ideas of pan-europeanism is fascinating as they 're just really difficult to reconcile . 
  honestly , i do n't know much about ceuta and melilla . 
  you 'd have to ask a spaniard or moroccan about that one . 
  that said , nato only applies to territories of member states in europe or north america , so north african territorial disputes should n't in theory have anything to do with nato . 
  yeah , as i said to another person in this thread , the eu membership of both spain and gibraltar has been a foundation of their peaceful relationship post-franco , so brexit put a bit of a spanner in the works . 
  it 's important that the gibraltar question is addressed in the negotiations . 
  well , they did invade , and the only reason they have n't done again is because they do n't have the military means to do so . 
  their corrupt government regularly sabre-rattles over the falklands to stir up nationalist fervour and hide their own domestic failings from the argentine people . 
  contrast with spain , which has engaged diplomatically , and spain and gibraltar 's eu membership has sought to build a peaceful trading relationship . 
  unfortunately brexit threw a spanner in the works , so it 's the uk 's job to come up with a deal for gibraltar that keeps up our end of the bargain . 
  the rules are n't being ignored . 
  spain does not claim gibraltar is spanish territory . 
  it has expressed a desire for it to be , but does not dispute the reality of the situation . 
  there is no territorial dispute because both spain and the uk are civilised countries that have not let a small rock get in the way of the bigger picture . 
  that 's my interpretation of it , yes , but i 'm not a lawyer either . 
  this comes to the point where i 'm going to say that i 'm not a european constitutional lawyer , and we 're starting to talk technicalities , so maybe there 's a way to wrangle it without the need for a council vote , but i do n't know either way . 
  danuta huebner mep , the chair of the european parliament 's committee on constitutional affairs has been [ quoted to support what i am saying ] ( https://euobserver.com/institutional/134056 ) , but there 's legal ambiguity on it too . 
  at the end of the day i am confident that the council would unanimously keep english for many practical reasons . 
  however , it is clearly evident that up until now it has been applied to all accessing member states that they can only nominate one language , otherwise we would see welsh , basque , catalan and other such languages as being made official . 
  this would be a break in that pattern , and in my view a welcome one . 
  the inclusion of the english language as an official and working language was included in the [ treaty of accession of the uk into the eec ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/pdf/?uri=celex:11972b/txt&amp;from=en#page=116 ) ( xiv miscellaneous 1 ) . 
  it is therefore tied to the uk 's membership . 
  there is no hard rule that each country can nominate one language , but it is the maximum that each country has been afforded so far in accession negotiations , mostly as an attempt to prevent future members from demanding the inclusion of lots of regional languages and inflating the already considerable translation budget demand . 
  language policy can be changed by the council by unanimous decision ( [ tfeu , article 342 ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/pdf/?uri=celex:12012e/txt&amp;from=en#page=147 ) ) , so it would n't be hard to fix the problem so long as there is unanimous consent , it 's just a break from previous patterns . 
  not at the eu level . 
  countries at the national and sub-national levels can have whichever official languages they like , but to the eu they can only nominate one each . 
  ireland and malta nominated their own languages because the uk had nominated english . 
  it 's a bit of a silly limitation , hence why i suggest a deal should be struck for english to be a special inclusion . 
  you mean change it back ? 
  norman french actually used to be the official language of the uk , and some of our constitution and older laws still in force are written in it . 
  we stopped using it because it was the language of the aristocracy while the commoners largely spoke english , and the exclusion caused class tensions that helped forge the modern parliament . 
  similarly english needs to be a fundamental part of the eu because it is the most broadly understood language among the citizenry . 
  i can very easily imagine french becoming the language of the isolated elites again at the european level if english is excluded . 
  their official language in the eu is irish . 
  they could switch it to english , but there could be a fair bit of political resistance . 
  the last thing the eu needs now is sparking wave of nationalist sentiment in ireland . 
  i think working out a deal for english to be a neutral language outside the nominated official language system would be beneficial for all member states and the functioning of the eu itself . 
  with brexit around the corner , english will no longer be the official language of any one country , so it could be introduced as the neutral working language of the union as a whole . 
  upsides and downsides , i guess . 
  it would make things quite difficult for the irish border if there is no irish passport , for a start . 
  certain eu countries have unique citizenship relationships with other countries or territories that either party might not be willing to extend to the whole eu . 
  you 'd probably have to keep some national passports running concurrently , but then it could get expensive for citizens for not much benefit . 
  belarus 's economic strategy is to play both sides , placing itself in a position where it trades the most it can with both the eu and russia while keeping friendly enough to russia that it does n't have its territorial integrity threatened . 
  unfortunately the lesson ukraine has given them is that a pivot to join the rest of the european democracies will probably end in yet another frozen conflict at the russian border . 
  oh , huh , fair enough , my mistake . 
  to be fair european constitutional monarchies are so similar to parliamentary republics that they are sometimes called `` crowned republics '' . 
  for an example of an assembly of experts that is also within a republic , ireland comes to mind . 
  i never said it was . 
  what 's your point ? 
  it really varies , the only thing in common with an upper house is that they have less power than the lower house . 
  in countries with federal systems like germany , upper houses are usually related to the sub-national states . 
  in others like the uk , they are an assembly of `` experts '' that provide scrutinising experience that an elected house can not necessarily provide . 
  generally the closer they are to being elected , the more power they tend to have . 
  gibraltar is actually part of the eu , but it is not part of the uk . 
  british overseas territories are actually mostly independent , legally speaking , they cede foreign affairs and defence to the uk , and can piggyback on to uk legislation but only with their explicit consent . 
  when the uk joined the eu , gibraltar piggybacked on the agreement , but they are the only british overseas territory that did so . 
  contrast this with france , which has many of its overseas territories as literally part of the republic . 
  i 'm pretty sure that using it on official documents is the same thing making it the official coat of arms . 
  it 's not the best anthem in the world , though the anthems for the constituent countries are great . 
  yes , probably . 
  the snp lost a lot of support in the face of the scottish conservatives that stood on a manifesto of being uncompromisingly unionist . 
  until the next election ( and who knows when that would be ) , the snp have for now lost their popular mandate to call for another referendum . 
  it can actually be done with any simple game of chance so long as it is agreed by the candidates and returning officer , including a coin flip or drawing from a pack of cards , but drawing straws is the most popular way . 
  obviously , but people still called the region czechoslovakia for a long time after it became two countries . 
  it 'll take just as long for czechia to make it into the standard lexicon . 
  it 's going to take a generation , much like it took a generation to get over the change from czechoslovakia . 
  if the differences are n't that big , they should n't look that big on the graph either . 
  thinking of something clever probably starts with leaving options open if things do n't work out , but still , if switzerland can get away with relying on hydro and similar technologies for base load power then evidently they do n't need to bother with nuclear fission . 
  most other countries do n't have this luxury , though , and i fear that they will get the wrong idea . 
  no problem !, 
  it 's called the [ salisbury convention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salisbury_convention ) if you want to read more about it . 
  it 's not technically a rule , but conventions are basically the equivalent of constitutional clauses here . 
  they 're actually a little more important than that . 
  if a party wins an election with a specific policy on their manifesto , then by convention the house of lords can not block it .
