  this is one of the rare situations where the lack of standards and the separation of functions to different things is actually a good thing . 
  seems good to me on paper . 
  energy has been shown to be an obvious liability for us , so we may as well start covering up our weaknesses . 
  `` win '' in this context means more seats than any other party . 
  of course , since the uk is only one of 28 countries this wo n't cause any problems in the european parliament , but it is a barometer of public opinion that influences the decisions made by the national parliament . 
  as for the referendum , who knows ? 
  i personally think we would n't leave if we had one . 
  businesses would throw their weight around . 
  woah , nice job . 
  i barely hear anything from there . 
  shops that sell hard liquor do . 
  yes . 
  it 's culturally european and most of its citizens believe in european political concepts . 
  that 's good enough for me . 
  to address the question of secularism , i think there 's a strong sense that the uk is effectively secular , even though it is n't in law . 
  the church does n't directly mess with the state and vice versa , and any law the church wants to pass purely on itself is just waved through the parliament with no amendments . 
  it 's a bit like how we 're a constitutional monarchy , but we act very much like a republic , because there 's the ancient convention that states that the monarch is apolitical and signs anything the parliament passes . 
  the church or the monarch having actual power is n't really considered acceptable in 21st century europe . 
  caring more for the * de facto * instead of the * de jure * is quite a quintessential european attitude . 
  those elections ca n't come soon enough . 
  well , okay . 
  let 's see where this goes . 
  it 's not going to be easy . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it would have been if ukrainians had n't overthrown former president yanukovich . 
  how can it now ? 
  the only way for russia to get at moldova is via ukraine , and ukraine no longer has no interest in furthering russian interests , especially on its borders . 
  if anything , transnistria 's days are numbered . 
  i 'm sure it is , but that does n't make the current situation true . 
  all i 'm saying is we need more evidence , because it 's very reasonable for this to be a false flag . 
  it could be true , or it could not . 
  edit : [ oh hey , look at that . 
  ] ( http://www.dailydot.com/politics/ukraine-jewish-registry-fake/ ), 
  i 'm really having a hard time believing this is true . 
  for a start ... why ? 
  i did n't think that the relationship with the jewish minorities and the rest of the population was like that in that region . 
  secondly , it just seems like the most obvious thing to do if you want to set up a false flag targeted at riling up europeans . 
  it just seems * too * obvious , like cartoon villain obvious . 
  no , it never has . 
  it markets itself as europe 's top financial city . 
  it just happens to be pretty good at tech too . 
  yeah , i would say the west is unified towards europe , and the east is itself divided . 
  i guess the answer is `` even we knew the exact result , we still would n't know because it depends on which groups work together '' . 
  it 's quite amazing to see an exact tie between the socialists and the epp in a parliament with so many seats . 
  i would argue that not working towards energy diversification is itself a military liability as well . 
  if we did n't rely on russian gas , maybe we could have done more about crimea . 
  there 's a bit of a balance to be had , but i see where you 're coming from . 
  while i 'm no georgian , i would guess it would give the eu access to the south caucasus ( trading with azerbaijan is a big deal ) , and georgia would have greater protection against russia , by virtue of being in europe 's economic interests to protect . 
  and you 're an idiot that ca n't see the world in any way other than through a cold war era lens that filters out anything other than black or white . 
  russians are n't under the perpetual yoke of putin . 
  you can ask them yourselves on this subreddit . 
  that does not mean that russia is n't a hugely corrupt and oligarchical country with lots of repression , but it 's not a north korea-esque black hole of slavery either . 
  if we had a scale of free to not-free countries that had positive or negative ratings , russia would be a good candidate for the 0 point . 
  and we 're talking about internal affairs exclusively . 
  their foreign policy is abhorrent and morally bankrupt . 
  would a hardcore kremlin apologist say that ? 
  compare it to taliban-controlled regions of the middle east or north korea where you are given limited options of what you are allowed to wear or given a list of approved hairstyles . 
  round there , everything is controlled by politics and/or religion . 
  russia 's more of a policy of you can do whatever you want so long as it does n't openly criticise or damage the main russian institutions . 
  it 's very much a middle-of-the-road affair from a global perspective . 
  before crimea , people saw russia as a fledgeling democracy and excused its shortcomings as minor teething problems while it transitioned from its ussr past . 
  to be fair on the other side , i think you 've hit the main point about why canada should n't join the eu any time soon : it 's extremely close to the us . 
  they have their own separate free trade area , nafta , and canada rightly considers its relationship with the us as being much more valuable than its relationship with the eu . 
  after all , europe is across the pond , and they 've got the biggest single border in the world with the usa . 
  however , in light of recent events , i think the game will be changing with the whole compatibility issue between itself , the us and the eu . 
  if a comprehensive ttip goes ahead , and considering the events in crimea and the isolation of russia i think it will , every member of the efta and nafta will have a free trade agreement with each other . 
  the obvious next move is to fuse the two areas into a true transatlantic free trade area . 
  if canada , the us , and the eu are all playing by the same rules , then canada integrating itself closer to the eea wo n't weaken their economic relationship with the us . 
  it will be a win-win . 
  how is canada not culturally european ? 
  it 's bilingual french and english , a free multi-party democracy , has freedom of speech , universal healthcare , strongly respects human rights including those of minorities , capitalistic with social democratic aspects . 
  it was created on the foundation of the uk 's law , a european country !, 
  i can not see how canada does not qualify other than a crude restriction of geography , it is far more compatible than some official candidate countries . 
  we 've come to a fun point in time where european political systems could learn a lot from americans and where american political systems could learn a lot from europeans . 
  the eu does n't really need to be energy independent in general . 
  it needs to be energy independent from russia , and i think that 's doable , especially now that shale gas has become a thing . 
  schultz , hollande and the socialist group 's attitude is exactly the reason why the euro is not functioning properly . 
  they should be ashamed of themselves . 
  you ca n't take a laissez faire approach to national fiscal mismanagement and let members accumulate crazy amount of debt , you have to crack down on it hard . 
  you have to keep rules , stick to them , and punish those to break them . 
  the more bailouts that occur , the less of a point there is to the euro . 
  you 're going to have more countries doing a sweden , and driving denmark and the uk further away from relinquishing their euro opt-outs . 
  defining what is and is n't the eu 's jurisdiction in terms of legislation and integration is definitely the way forward here . 
  even proper federations like the usa limits the federal government with the constitution , and the relationship is defined by pre-established law instead of simply by make-it-up-as-we-go agreement that 's amended and extended all the time . 
  this is what both soft euroskeptics and eurofederalists agree on , and yet they ca n't accept that they agree * with each other * about it . 
  let 's just define where the eu stops once and for all , and then we 'll fill in the gaps both at the european level and at the national one . 
  nah , that 's an english word now . 
  same with zeitgeist . 
  english searches for words in other languages and shamelessly steals them . 
  sometimes grammatical rules , accents and spellings get stolen along with them . 
   tumba - pistil that separates pavement from the street is that not a kerb ( or curb in american english ) ? 
  yeah , that 's what i was referring to . 
  it makes for a nice little tit-for-tat system which ratchets moldova away from russia and towards the eu , and teaches russia not to bully other countries . 
  do you hear that ? 
  that 's the rumble caused by the stampede of british consumers flocking to moldovan wine sellers . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen or tried moldovan wine . 
  you guys got a massive potential market over here . 
  hopefully the eu response is to liberalise moldovan pork imports . 
  bad idea . 
  we need to get our priorities straight on africa .
