  it 's a good thing . 
  they might have voted against austerity , but the alternative is incoherent ( as it is everywhere in europe ) , which is why we 're having this three-way standoff . 
  voting against something is , frankly , easy . 
  rebellion against authority is in the blood of most human beings , but it 's not inherently productive . 
  voting * for * something else is how you change things . 
  the italians did n't vote for anything , because the opposition thought they could get a free ride on just being the opposition . 
  the 5sm performed an important function by telling bersani that that is n't good enough , and he should get his act together . 
  then again , europe has no mandate to force specific cultural regions from splitting ties with one another if they do n't want to , especially when some of those unions were fought for with the blood of thousands of people . 
  after all , the german re-unification is considered one of humanity 's crowning moments of social progress , nobody 's going to want to tear that down , and scottish nationalism is not above 50 % in scotland . 
  besides , the cultural regions would still be pretty unevenly sized , at least according to population . 
  even with a full dissolution of the united kingdom , england 's about 10 times as populous as scotland , and 12 times as populous as wales . 
  we 'd only really oppose it for as long as it looks like it would just end up being a anglo-french army that we alone would largely have to pay for . 
  it would only really work if there was a ) an agreement for member states to create armies in similar proportions with their size ( good luck getting ireland or germany to sign that ) , or b ) some kind of european tax system to finance it fairly . 
  put it this way , there 's a lot of stuff that needs to happen first . 
  hehehe , the world needs more polandball . 
  we stand united with our irish brethren . 
  on a european level , sure , but on a global level , we do share a lot of common values . 
  we 're all stable , secular , liberal democracies with many common ideas about how a country should be run that may be obvious to you and me , but not necessarily someone from china or saudi arabia or dr congo . 
  like physics , the world looks very different depending on the size of your perspective . 
  that said , it is way too rose-tinted , but what can you expect from a propaganda video ? 
  god , in 100 years time people will find things like this video and cringe . 
  it 's mobile internet . 
  the number refers to a certain set ( or `` generation '' ) of standards , which compatible mobile devices or adapters can connect to , so you can use things like smartphones and tablets online and on the go without relying on wifi or wired internet connections . 
  the most recent standard is 4g , though most smartphones still use 3g , and the main areas of improvement are speed , latency and bandwidth . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , but for what it 's worth , the british national party ( bnp ) has imploded . 
  the far-right has mostly transitioned to non-political groups like the english defence league , who opt for street marches instead . 
  in principle , yes . 
  the way that it 's currently being put into practice , hells no . 
  ok , putting berlusconi aside ( whyyyyyy ) , this is the problem with a perfect bicameral system that elects both houses . 
  political deadlock is not a good thing for italy . 
  oh definitely . 
  i think the idea is that eu membership ( or closer affiliation ) will motivate turkey into becoming a better place and by extension a more valuable ally the eu . 
  then again , if turkey really does clean up its record , and they could if they put their minds to it , who are we to stop them from acceding ? 
  i heard italian exit polls are notoriously unreliable , so i 'm not going to start glaring . 
  yet . 
  in theory i would say yes , definitely , it makes economic sense and frankly the whole of europe would work better . 
  however , english is my first language anyway , i do n't have a decent position to view the potential downsides of such a move . 
  how strange . 
  much appreciated . 
  why are people calling it poisonous ? 
  is it contaminated with something , or are the sell-by dates wrong ? 
  to be honest , it does n't look like the referendum will pass . 
  all of the proper procedures are happening and the basic plans laid out for independence , but it 's looking increasingly like a formality as the date nears . 
  it 's not over until it 's over though !, 
  agreed . 
  to clean it up ; european commission = chief commissioner european parliament = speaker european central bank = governer council of the european union ( consilium ) = chairman european council = chief councillor if there ever comes a position where one person is given the definitive authority to actually speak for the eu as a whole on the world stage , then ( s ) he 's the president . 
  ugh , transcripted speeches do n't work well as articles . 
  if you 're not a catholic , why would you care about the whole `` new life has formed '' thing ? 
  if the catholic church as a whole becomes even a little bit more progressive , then the world becomes a better place and lives will be saved . 
  last thing we need is to discourage them by not calling them `` real '' catholics . 
  they mentioned romania , italy and the czech republic being the worst offenders , but how much blame do other member states get ? 
  seems to defeat the point of blaming them if we 're not sure who the culprits are . 
  nothing objectionable , but i 'm still a bit uneasy with how smaller states get proportionally more seats . 
  what 's wrong with setting it at 751 and dividing it as proportionally as possible ? 
  i 've eaten horse meat before in france , and i think it 's pretty mediocre . 
  i do n't have a problem with it per se , but i 'm yet to be convinced that it 's a meat on par with pork or beef . 
  i do n't see a gradual reduction in our military as a bad thing . 
  as the article has said , long gone is the day where there are enemies across the border banging on their shields , willing to invade us . 
  there is n't a `` massing threat '' from the middle east , just a series of countries in civil war . 
  the only conceivable direct military threats originate from iran and north korea , and even then the situations are still in their diplomatic states and involve america more . 
  all that is really left is interventionist missions and a spot of military threat ( again , nk and iran ) . 
  our military needs to be proportional to the demand . 
  well , duh , nobody wants to pay someone else 's debts unless they have to , but portugal 's success is an integral part of europe 's success . 
  did n't we just have a huge problem with the fiscal policies behind the euro not being centralised ? 
  the euro has been a much greater success than expected , but you ca n't tell me that the structures behind it have n't had fundamental problems . 
  fix those , and it would be on the path of including the uk . 
  if there comes a time when the euro starts performing consistently better than the pound , patriotic fervour to keep the pound will melt away instantly . 
  we 're quite an opinionated people ( just look what thatcher thought of europe , of all people ) , but we 're not stubborn . 
  then again , i do n't see the euro having more confidence behind it than the pound for at the very least another 30 years . 
  it 's a question of making sure that neither side benefits disproportionately by the agreement , and the us is known to be a bit ... scurrilous when it comes to that kind of thing . 
  then again , it 's not really dealt with a free trade agreement with a body representing populations larger than itself . 
  the eu and the us have pretty much equal hands at the table , and that can only be a good thing when it comes to negotiation . 
  while that 's very true , it 's good to tackle the questions head on and debunk the assumptions meticulously . 
  it sounds like * great decisions * needs a good dose of reality about what is actually happening in europe , and this sounds like the best opportunity to get our voices heard in what sounds like an interesting debating group . 
  ok , this is the third post in / r/europe about the same thing now , it 's getting a bit boring . 
  my opinion simply is that the eu should not have anything to do with either the privatisation or nationalisation of our water supplies . 
  if one member state wants to have nationalised water , so be it . 
  if another wants to have privatised , let them do it . 
  as far as i am aware , we do not share water supply systems , so there is no need for harmonisation ( please correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  the nationalisation/privatisation argument is not in the same position across europe . 
  in the uk , we have n't really had much of a problem with water privatisation , but you do n't see us demanding that everyone else should do it . 
  wow , the comments section in that article is disturbing . 
  anyway , yay !, 
  if the uk and germany are up for it , france and the southern states are going to be unlikely to veto it . 
  many players in us politics ( democrat and republican ) have for a while tried to paint europe as a soviet union-esque homogeneous mass of socialism and failed welfare policy , and it 's so untrue it 's frankly a little bit irritating . 
  we are still a community of countries with a lot of independence when it comes to lawmaking and economic fortunes , and many european countries are very successful . 
  evidently , assuming that all of our fortunes were tied is the kind of thinking that got the eurozone into the mess it 's in in the first place , but then again it 's absolute gold for american propagandists so they 'll keep the myth going for as long as they can . 
  in that case , hello . 
  i have no idea what his problem is . 
  please stay , we do n't get many people from turkey here and it would be nice to get a different point of view on things . 
  * to what extent does the european sovereign debt crisis reveal the failings of the european welfare state model and to what extent does it reveal the breakdown of european integration ? 
  as far as the eurozone crisis goes ( which you can imagine impacts non-eurozone european countries too ) , the principle failing was a misunderstanding of which policies must be integrated together or collectively left alone . 
  it was a mistake to have a currency union without a fiscal union . 
  instead , some states ( spain , italy , greece etc. ), 
  did not correctly handle their welfare models , while those who did ( france , germany ) are now paying out huge loans just to stabilise their currency . 
  in fact , it goes to show that there is no such thing as a single `` european welfare state model '' as much as there is no `` british accent '' . 
  it can be done with huge benefits , or incorrectly with disastrous consequences , even within similar situations , a single market and a single currency . 
  fixing this is not going to be easy on a social level , but at least the political solution on the horizon is clear . 
  make no mistake , it is not the general concept of a `` welfare state model '' that is the cause of the eurozone crisis . 
  it is fiscal mismanagement and a pinch of corruption that is .
