  i consider countries like turkey , azerbaijan , ukraine , moldova , russia , bosnia , serbia and israel ( among others ) to be partially european to different degrees . 
  the mismatch between the in-out nature of the european sphere ( eu/eea/efta ) and the fuzziness of where european-ness stops and starts has been a driving force for political movement in that partially-european band . 
  it might well be that the borders will continue to change in the future , either inwards or outwards . 
  i was not talking about the '72 referendum , you 're the one who brought that up . 
  norway said no back then for different reasons , i 'm talking about why they do n't want to join * now * . 
  as far as norway is concerned , the common wisdom is that it seeks to retain full control over its oil and benefit from selling it to the eu as a third country inside the single market , but will join once that business no longer becomes sufficiently profitable . 
  in other words , it 's a matter of time , assuming that the eu itself lasts , but it may be quite a long time . 
  switzerland is fiercely independent and neutral . 
  while other european countries are also declared neutral , many of which are in the eu , there is a strong public sense that membership invalidates that neutrality in practice , and no country takes neutrality as seriously as switzerland . 
  most of the eu is in nato , and there is a growing pressure for the eu to consolidate its foreign policy to counter the regional pressures of the russian sphere . 
  while such a rivalry exists , switzerland has no desire to seek any set-up with the eu that it can not quickly and unilaterally withdraw from should the fertiliser strike the rotating oscillator in europe . 
  the adherence to neutrality is not just a cultural thing , it powers the appeal of switzerland 's financial sector , which is subject to the laws of nobody but switzerland 's . 
  if switzerland is in the eu , it may have to participate in sanctions against russia , or be less independent with respect to the usa , considering the ongoing negotiations of an eu free trade agreement with them . 
  membership would win them influence they do n't want , and lose them the money and identity they do want . 
  while it makes enormous sense for other eu member states to be in the eu , these countries have quite rational and unique reasons to stay out of it , at least for the time being . 
  i think we could do with becoming a federal state . 
  the current setup can be described as `` federal state in denial '' and we should just accept it . 
  eeeh , 10 years is a very very long time in politics , i ca n't say no , but i do n't see it being likely either . 
  if erdogan goes away and turkey works with cyprus to finally reunify the island , then it would be a serious candidate again . 
  one thing i heard was that , in non-sport settings , americans wear primarily white socks , and europeans primarily wear black socks , and you can usually tell them apart this way . 
  for shoes , wear something mainly black or brown , and most importantly comfortable . 
  eh , it 's weird from a pan-european perspective , but it does mean that any one voter ca n't be confused by being eligible for one election but not others . 
  the system works fine , in my opinion . 
  the weird thing about the european voting is that it 's pretty much regulated nationally . 
  there 's only three pan-european rules ; 1 . 
  the system must be a form of proportional representation . 
  any electoral boundaries within the country , if any , must not affect the proportional nature of the election . 
  no higher election threshold than 5 % . 
  other than that , countries are given a certain number of seats and are told to go wild with it . 
  generally the laws regarding national elections and the european elections in the same member state are very similar . 
  we do . 
  it 's a bit insane , but it 's hilarious . 
  our house was built in the 1950 's , so not that old by european standards . 
   is canada willing to leave nafta ? 
  this may not necessarily be a problem . 
  if the ttip deal goes ahead between the eu and the us , all nafta members will have a comprehensive free trade agreement with the eu , and only the us will be left to arrange a free trade agreement with the rest of efta , which is n't a massive extension from ttip . 
  all of the pieces would be in place to try to fuse efta and nafta so they [ become the same thing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transatlantic_free_trade_area ) , which i believe is the ultimate goal of these free trade negotiations . 
  congrats , you 're a european citizen . 
  this means you have a right to both live and work anywhere in the european economic area , and you need no visas to do so . 
  that 's any of the 28 eu countries , as well as norway , iceland and liechtenstein . 
  one sort-of exception is croatia , which is still in the process of applying some eea legislation following its recent membership which you may have to investigate further . 
  thank you . 
  we 're used to crazy , corrupt right-wing parties , and the republicans are no different . 
  they resemble berlusconi 's heyday , but perpetual . 
  to be honest , though , i think europeans in general would broadly agree with me that we do n't think much of the american political system in general , and consider the republicans as a symptom , not a cause . 
  republicans do not exist in a system which incentivises any sort of co-operation or reconciliation with the democrats , and the same is true the other way around . 
  nobody can actually express their true opinions on anything unless it coincides with the republicans or democrats , or it just gets stamped out . 
  basically , i think the republicans are insane , but they 're the rational sort of insane which is purely the result of their environment . 
  i do not blame the party for what it is . 
  oh , and the value added tax ( vat ) rate went up from 15 % at the end of 2008 to 17.5 % at the start of 2010 , and then up to 20 % at the start of 2011 , and has been that rate ever since . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.lavat.co.uk/vat-calculator ), 
  if you want to make a comparison with the us 's new homeowner grant , the uk government launched what is called the [ `` help to buy '' ] ( https://www.gov.uk/affordable-home-ownership-schemes/overview ) scheme , which comes in two flavours , the mortgage guarantee or the equity loan . 
  both flavours only apply to homes under # 600,000 , and which must be your only property , which you can not rent out . 
  the mortgage guarantee is where you pay 5 % of the deposit , and the government guarantees the remaining mortgage to the bank . 
  the equity loan is only for new build houses . 
  you pay 5 % deposit , and receive up to a 20 % loan from the government , interest free for the first 5 years , and have a mortgage for the rest . 
  so there 's no straight grant from the government , but they are offering really good loans . 
  the most useful language is english , so you 've already got a massive advantage and you can get by pretty much everywhere . 
  it 's on its way to becoming the de facto lingua franca of europe . 
  past that it 's a bit of a toss-up between french and german , they both have different sets of countries which speak it . 
  may i suggest learning a bit of both and seeing which one you enjoy speaking more ? 
  i personally prefer french myself . 
  in the uk it 's pretty rare to be on official buildings , though the big cities like birmingham and london have a fair few . 
  most hotels have the eu flag next to the uk flag . 
  relative to other countries , we do n't really fly a lot of flags in general , especially if you compare to belgium or france . 
  they 're more of a thing to bring out at special occasions like a royal event or the olympics or the world cup . 
  if you put up a ratio of eu flags to all flags at any one time , we 'd probably rank pretty average , to be honest . 
  of course , stuff like our license plates and health insurance cards are plastered with eu logos , but i do n't think that was what you were talking about . 
  i think in europe there 's a different philosophical perspective of how tax works in our respective countries , and we 're all pretty happy with our own systems . 
  it 's not a question of raising or lowering taxes beyond very minor adjustments , it 's a question of how the money that comes from those taxes are handled . 
  we still see the money that goes as tax as `` our '' money , it 's just that the nature by which it flows back to us ( i.e. 
  healthcare , defence , roads , infrastructure , emergency services etc. ), 
  is the main battleground between left and right . 
  i get the sense that the american economic debate is around whether to tax more or tax less . 
  the european debate is around whether to * spend * more or spend less . 
  dude , you guys have been in the eu for a while now . 
  go import some decent bagels over here !, 
  the laws vary from country/state/province to country/state/province . 
  do your research beforehand . 
  travelling between almost all the regions of europe may be completely open , but european law does n't extend to camping laws and are regulated on a national or regional basis . 
  additional question : where is this going in the long run ? 
  new elections , or a rethink of the dayton framework ? 
  of the two major parties if those were my only choices ? 
  the democrats , but i 'm so appalled by the state of american politics that i would probably not vote . 
  i might vote for the justice party . 
  i would certainly be interested in participating in street protests against the lax campaign funding regulations and the electoral system , run by any party . 
  for us it would obviously be the british monarch , to be consistent with other european monarchies and our own historical coinage . 
  i imagine we 'd have the same face on all the coins , though . 
  considering that elizabeth is getting on a bit and i do n't see us joining any time soon , it will likely be either charles ( elizabeth 's son ) , william ( charles ' son ) or george ( william 's son ) . 
  i 'd say the right to move and work in different eu countries , as well as trying to improve quality of life in the poorer member states is really the most governments can do to address the problem . 
  thankfully , the most densely populated countries are , broadly speaking , the richest ones , where birth rates are consequently lower . 
  i 'm not worried , i think this is an issue that will resolve itself . 
  china and india has its population problems because they were still developing countries for a long time , unlike western europe . 
  yeah , unless you 're in the military or you have a specific interest in these things then it just looks generic to us . 
  surely that 's the case for americans too ? 
  aha , i knew it !, 
  i do n't feel confident in making a blanket statement about visas for commonwealth nations , but largely we do n't need visas to visit them . 
  rights to work is limited to eu and uk territories as far as i know . 
  regardless , the uk passport is up there among the most valuable passports in the world . 
  [ check out this page to find out more .
