  at the very least i think you could certainly argue that it 's anti-french considering their rituals for greeting one another . 
  making someone ungreetable is a pretty profound way to segregate a muslim woman from wider society , which is in turn a breeding ground for radicalisation . 
  in countries like the uk , it 's not so clear cut , but still quite a strong impact . 
  if i remember correctly , there 's also provisions where you can opt out of some farming , banking and fisheries policies in the non-eu eea , but none of those things constitute major reasons for uk wanting to leave . 
  as far as the state is concerned , it is n't allowed , but these people do n't recognise the state 's rules on marriage and act as if their own rules were the official one . 
  well played . 
  often i look at all these problems with our non-eea visas and i keep thinking about how inefficiently we handle immigration . 
  we spend all of this money and effort to maintain a single market with nearly all of europe and yet we still go through all of this effort with managing the import of workers from further abroad ? 
  it reminds me of a news article on bbc news on the tv the other day , complaining about how difficult and expensive it is for the nhs to hire junior doctors and nurses from places like the philippines or china . 
  the eu is right there ready to assist with employee shortage problems , and we just make life so much more difficult for ourselves . 
  if iran is anything to go by , i think we 're going to continue seeing low oil prices . 
  yeah , if there was such a thing as an official government/opposition system in the eu , the ecr would be the official opposition by being the largest group that is n't part of the ruling majority . 
  i 'd like to see where this chart changes now that poland is now governed solely by an ecr party , and see if their defeat frequency rises . 
  if it is the case , then that 's perfectly normal and perhaps goes to show that the eu is developing a functional and dynamic political system where the opposition actually opposes . 
  oh sure , but saying that no young icelanders believe in literalist creationism is not really surprising , especially compared to claiming that no young icelanders believe that god created the world at all . 
  even among the religious , literalist creationism ignores too much evidence and is downright conspiratorial , painting a picture of some sort of trickster god . 
  i do n't see how your argument follows . 
  the big bang theory does not exclude any events post big bang at all , or enforces any kind of determinism ( something which is also unpopular in the scientific consensus nowadays because of quantum theory ) . 
  it simply models the origin of the universe from the perspective of the universe , or at least very close to it in time . 
  that sort of ridiculous false dichotomy going on it puts the validity of the results very much into question . 
  the big bang theory is massively popular with most , maybe all major abrahamic religious institutions because it so strongly implies such a mysterious origin of infinite entropy and power and yet is entirely consistent with our scientific understanding . 
  looked at the report for what the figure is based on , no surprises that it is based relative to average income again . 
  i reiterate , this is a measure of inequality , not poverty as the vast majority of people understand it . 
  it should be treated as such . 
  it 's honestly getting difficult to get a picture of real poverty in the uk because it does n't produce enormous flashy numbers . 
  it 's relative `` poverty '' not real poverty , in other words it 's a measure of inequality . 
  it 's not ideal but not an inherently high priority negative issue either . 
  improving on this statistic does not necessarily help the people who actually need help . 
  nah , the uk and ireland has its own mini-schengen called the common travel area . 
  the real border controls only happen if you cross into the continent . 
  he 's the kind of person who just rolls up everybody he does n't agree with into one great big boogeyman . 
  bodies like the un only work if at least every major power has a seat . 
  the predecessor to the un , the league of nations , failed because it did n't do this . 
  besides , the only thing that is going to happen if you exclude saudi arabia is that the un will fail to have any impact on the country at all . 
  at least currently slow but steady progress is happening . 
  even the united states has a senate . 
  the principle of the council is entirely sound . 
  in any case , if you abolished it you 'd separate the eu from the national governments , and the cooperation of national governments is needed in order for eu legislation to actually be implemented . 
  they need to have their say in the process or they 'll use the ratification stage at the national parliaments to scrutinise bills , which will get messy if they disagree . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but spain , portugal and italy are common places for our pensioners to retire to . 
  we 're not going to give up our sovereign right to control our borders and there is no fair reason why we should do so considering how demonstrably flawed the migration system is on the continent . 
  what the french government wants to happen is for nobody to think that it 's france 's problem just because they 're on french territory , then for the uk to open its borders , and then for everyone to think it 's exclusively the uk 's problem because they 're on uk territory . 
  the hypocrisy is making them no friends . 
  the only way forward is that france either processes them themselves and breaks up the camps or does the same thing with the assistance of the eu . 
  make it a crime to go to syria without a government permit . 
  yeah , the green cross is still a symbol for pharmacies here , but we do n't use those neon-style signs in general . 
  phenomenal soft power ^ ( itty bitty living space ), 
  true , but you probably get that from us . 
  it 's a strange thing for some of the european countries on the continent though . 
  to be fair , this is n't an unusual sight on these isles . 
  we 've never known a new years without unhealthy amounts of alcohol consumption and drunk people on the streets . 
  people from other countries probably find it interesting , but it 's a boring part of life for us . 
  but that 's their secret . 
  i 've always liked this one because it 's one of those rare times that a law this ancient and anachronistic is both legal and readily enforced . 
  it 's the ancestor to the modern concept of the protection of species on ecological grounds , but because it 's so fun we kept the main body of the original law in statute unrepealed instead of replacing it with some modern boring ecology bill . 
  it beats shooting a welshman in chester with a bow and arrow after midnight any day . 
  the eu needs many things right now , but this is n't one of them . 
  there is no common european foreign policy that is both democratic and effective at the same time . 
  good on them . 
  bosnia has many many problems , and yet it still goes on . 
  i hope the eu accession process gives them a way to move beyond dayton and start acting like a proper country instead of a ethnic-cleansing prevention project . 
  good :  economic recovery in many countries with good overall outlook . 
   the euro did n't collapse or shed members . 
   esa had a lot of successful missions . 
  bad :  migrant crisis . 
   the paris terrorist attacks . 
   the greek sovereign debt crisis . 
  honestly , a very mixed year for europe . 
  would the syrian and/or iraqi kurds be willing to enter a conflict with turkey for this , though ? 
  i 'm not sure that they would want to risk losing the independent state that they fought so hard for just out of greed for more land . 
  the turkish military is n't something to be sniffed at . 
  oh sure , the eu does n't necessarily have to make the same mistakes , it could learn from the us . 
  giving congress ( the eu ) the right to legislate for dc ( brussels ) directly is a good idea , it just needs to also have some voting rights in the eu itself . 
  much like the actual city-states in europe , brussels is too small for the usual rules of seat apportionment to apply fairly as a full state , but since we 're revising the treaties anyway to accommodate brussels , it can always be given a seat in the council and 2-3 seats in the parliament . 
  the most common suggestion would be for brussels to become a city-state-slash-eu capital district , much like washington dc is for the usa . 
  of course , this depends entirely on what the situation is for the eu itself at the time of belgium 's hypothetical partition . 
  if that happens , then the eu is claiming territory directly and is therefore a true state that it ca n't back away from . 
  this is also true in a two-speed europe situation , since the inner region would then be the federal state . 
  on the other hand , if the eu has given up that ambition or does n't exist at all , brussels would probably just be part of flanders , and possibly the capital of the region . 
  right now , when we 're not sure what the future holds , it would be pretty complicated . 
  surely there 's some sort of appreciation that what the serbians in kosovo are going through has analogies with what kosovars had before kosovo was part of serbia proper ? 
  their vote share went up too . 
  either way , protests like this in my experience do not damage the government . 
  all things considered , europe is still europe and our problems are n't really big compared to most other continents . 
  however ; 1 . 
  the ongoing migrant crisis . 
  the eurozone is still likely to have a sovereign debt crisis in the future due to lack of reform . 
  the uk is holding a vote to stay in or leave the eu before 2019 . 
  political corruption in the western balkans , moldova and ukraine . 
  poor relations with russia . 
  pis are basically polish tories , right ? 
  yeah , that kind of thing happened here and it resulted in them winning again with a stronger majority . 
  depends on the fine details , i think . 
  schengen would restrict the options somewhat . 
  in a nutshell , the uae is a wealthy country . 
  there are many borders in europe where actual genuine refugees are trying to cross , such as italy or greece , because the country they are leaving is not safe . 
  however , the use of `` refugees '' , scare quotes and everything , in the context of calais has to be brought up because news organisations like the guardian wo n't stop incorrectly calling these people in calais refugees , when what they are doing disqualifies them from that title . 
  at this point it 's basically fighting propaganda , which can only be defeated by highlighting its incorrectness at every turn . 
  scare quotes are usually used with bad intentions , but in this case it 's actually correct . 
  i want to see this happen , but it 's such an agonisingly slow process .
