  apart from weird edge cases , in which case the citizenship status dominates , the terms are mutually exclusive . 
  it is a holdover from the british empire and was put in place for people in the colonies who either did not gain citizenship in their respective countries when they became independent , or for people who found themselves a citizen of the republic of ireland following its independence but still wished to declare allegiance to the crown and have their connection to the uk recognised . 
  british subjects can basically only access our consular services , and have no rights to live and work in the uk or the eu . 
  very few people nowadays are british subjects , and it 's basically the last safety net before statelessness . 
  the tories have some failings in other areas , but god damn do they know how to run an economy . 
  getting unemployment down and growth up is their raison d'\u00eatre . 
  not to mention cuba . 
  francis has done a lot of good since his inauguration . 
  i think plenty of people give a shit , but unfortunately not the kind of people who could actually influence the israel-palestine conflict , since neither side are particularly inclined towards listening to the catholic church . 
  almost certainly not , but what are they going to about it ? 
  one thing i do know is that the place takes its coffee seriously . 
  every seat at the committees and plenaries has a coffee cup , which is frequently served . 
  just to prove your point , i had to check just now whether or not there was such a language as `` albanian '' . 
  i know very little about the country . 
  no , i mean the greens policy of banning energy from nuclear , not only in germany , but europe wide . 
  other parties enabled them , sure , but the greens are by far the driving force behind the anti-nuclear power movement . 
  it 's fine to phase out coal , it 's just that their earlier policies mean such a move is n't nearly as much of an improvement for the environment as it could be and initially sounds . 
  quit being so condescending . 
  they key to energy is a good mixture of sources , the properties of which can balance each other out in terms of flexibility , emissions , reliability and cost . 
  nuclear power plays a part in that . 
  it 's not the whole story by far , but the greens policy of banning nuclear power means that this coal is going to be replaced by gas , when some of it could have been replaced by nuclear power . 
  unless you are in the right place to speak welsh or gaelic and speak that , we generally have a lot of trouble dealing with people who do n't speak english and generally consider it a lingua franca which everybody should know to a basic degree . 
  it completely ignores the cost of basic provisions ; enough food to prevent malnutrition , water , electricity , shelter , sanitation , education , healthcare , clothing , etc. 
  if all of these things were provided for free or if they were prohibitively expensive it would n't make a difference in the statistics , though i 'm sure you agree it would make a big difference for someone who is in poverty and trying to escape it . 
  as of today , the tories have an absolute majority , so they could beat every other party combined . 
  since it 's in the manifesto and the tories have the power to pass it unilaterally , it will easily happen . 
  in any case , there are other parties like the dup with 8 seats which are also equally committed to supporting an in-out eu referendum , so they can shore up the vote if need be . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but our economy is doing pretty well . 
  certainly the left and centre-left is going to have to do some soul-searching because the current rhetoric about austerity is not connecting with the public . 
  pollsters trying to justify their predictions are sounding more like politicians than actual politicians right now . 
  they messed up really badly but are struggling to come to terms to admitting it . 
  the whole euromaidan shebang really changed this subreddit . 
   sex consensual & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
  then i 'm sure you understand why we find it strange . 
  the british population ( as does the american , australian , canadian and new zealander population ) incorporates plenty of ancient ethnicities , so we actually have a use for the term anglo-saxon as an ethnic term which does n't cover the whole population . 
  a better term for those countries is the anglosphere . 
  schengen is just about not needing passports to cross the border . 
  if you are an eea+ch citizen you still have a right to cross , it 's just that you have to prove your nationality at the border . 
  poles have a right of free movement with us . 
  besides , we do n't have any land borders with the mainland , so usually security checks is a much bigger hurdle , and the calais camps is a good demonstration of why id checks is still currently a net positive for us . 
  back in the day we solved the whole dictator dying thing by having a hereditary monarch with defined rules of succession . 
  i wonder how yugoslavia would have fared if it had stayed as a constitutional monarchy . 
  past few years or so has exposed a nasty side of icelandic politics , and an undemocratic attitude from the government regarding how they handled the eu membership application situation , which is unbecoming of a nordic country . 
  i have no idea how good the pirates could be in government , but the current one really deserves a kick up the * rass * . 
  i would love to see a reunification of cyprus in my lifetime , just as my parents saw the reunification of germany . 
  urban areas tend to be left leaning , rural areas tend to be right leaning . 
  labour losing aberdeen and most of glasgow is going to be painful for them . 
  the strasbourg circus is utterly contrary to the values underpinning the eu . 
  one country should not impose pointless costs on everyone else purely for the sake of a vanity project . 
  they should either pay for it themselves or let it go . 
  i never said that it was n't their choice . 
  i 'm just saying it 's a good solution . 
  you mean as a sort of federal district , like washington dc is in the usa ? 
  i think it 's a good solution should flanders secede from belgium , though i would suggest that we do n't make the same mistake that the usa did and instead treat it as a separate member state at the eu level with full voting rights . 
  that 's not right . 
  motions of confidence/no confidence only need a majority , at which point the 2 week countdown till dissolution starts . 
  i trust that someone has a big red digital countdown clock that they 'll hang up in the balcony of the house of commons for this purpose . 
  motions to dissolve parliament immediately need 2/3rds majority . 
  the snp use the word `` tory '' as a pejorative , they 'll never do anything that will even remotely resemble cooperation with the conservatives . 
  i do n't like evel , and personally advocate a federal-like structure of devolution with england split into a number of regions . 
  each region should get exactly the same powers derived from the same document , including some tax raising ones which should replace the barnett formula . 
  we solve that problem with a penalty points system . 
  every offence is worth a certain number of points which will stay for a certain number of years and if you have 12 or more your license will likely be revoked . 
  to be fair , the question of eu membership is not rocking the politics of most eu members . 
  no need to hold a referendum if the question is n't sufficiently controversial in the first place . 
  we did , specifically to the alternative vote system . 
  this time around i think we 'll have a vote on an actually proportional system like ams or stv . 
  fptp does n't even offer us strong governance any more and nobody actually defends it nowadays , but it 's not in either of the major party 's interests to advocate a different system when they could squeeze a concession out of a minor party or two in exchange . 
  all the small ones do , but the major ones are basically keeping silent and neutral about fptp because it 's an easily conceded bargaining chip in coalition or confidence/supply negotiations . 
  i expect a referendum on a new voting system post 2015 if we have a functional government . 
  if there 's one thing which the people have a mandate to choose by referendum , it 's the question of who has sovereignty over them . 
  i support our membership of the eu , but how on earth is it `` good sense '' to not have a referendum and settle the matter that has been rocking our politics for the last decade ? 
  this attitude of kicking the issue down the road instead of dealing it as soon as possible is completely unsustainable . 
  after all , we 'll probably stay in europe at the end of it . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  how strange . 
  it reads like if someone was writing down and emphasising the pronunciation of a northern dialect of english . 
  agreed . 
  these groups can work together not only to resolve more specific issues to their regions , but can also negotiate with larger countries in europe ( specifically germany , france and the uk ) on a more even footing . 
  also friendship !, 
  at this point , probably . 
  people are hesitant because it would be a concession of defeat against ethnic cleansing , but i suppose that 's just the reality of the ethnic nationalism which forged european states as we know them today . 
  that was what the bosnian war was all about , the serb population tried to rejoin serbia when bosnia declared independence , but their distribution was poorly suited to new state boundaries . 
  consequently all three ethnic groups committed ethnic cleansing against the other two in a bid to carve out an area of their own , though it was particularly bad in bosnian serb areas , where genocides occurred . 
  what with the kgb 's reputation , i dread what we might find . 
  it 's not going to happen , though . 
  our foreign policies are all over the place . 
  mwahaha , who needs independence days when other countries celebrate independence from you ? 
  agreed . 
  honestly , anyone who makes that argument better be prepared to fund a compulsory nationwide programme of matching partners with single parents . 
  yeah , this seems like an old map , back in the days before erdogan started screwing things up and turkey had a lot of promise as a european country . 
  it saddens me how much of a wasted potential russia is . 
  that 's an earth-shatteringly large can of worms we would be opening . 
  the origin of the word `` slave '' is tightly intertwined with `` slav '' after all . 
  slavery was so widespread in the past , it 's a miracle that it 's almost universally banned now . 
  completely agreed with you about the un . 
  this is a matter that is basically between two entire continents , and i do n't think any permanent member of the unsc has any incentive to let this slaughter continue . 
  if it were the 90 's , that 's precisely what we would be doing right now , but if there 's one thing iraq and afghanistan has taught us , it 's that we are not capable of stabilising these countries , including the likes of libya and egypt . 
  we would simply become another side in the conflict , and other sides will fill the vacuum when we give up and withdraw . 
  please do .
