  if an evil mastermind wanted to cripple this country , the first thing they 'd go to would be a machine that makes it snow . 
  yep , but pro-eu and anti-eu is fine , too . 
  euroskeptics and europhiles are just nicer sounding words . 
  you 're being downvoted because as far as anyone is concerned , you 're just trying to draw attention to yourself . 
  try suggesting how europe should proceed right now or provide some insight into something relevant . 
  no , but there is certainly argument for getting together a `` friends of europe '' group going , an eu-lite sort of deal , mainly around free trade agreements and general friendliness . 
  i 'd say that admitting that you do n't have enough information to vote is a sign of integrity , so do n't feel bad . 
  still , there 's almost certainly a referendum coming , so i 'd consider reading up and trying to come to a decision before then . 
  this will be an important choice . 
  do n't panic , it 's not a proposition , just a hypothetical design someone made . 
  we certainly wo n't be getting euros within the next couple of decades , at least . 
  [ i would miss our jigsaw puzzle money . 
  never say never . 
  it wo n't happen for decades , sure , but stranger things have happened in a century . 
  the european federation sounds better , in my opinion . 
  that 's technically correct ( best kind etc. 
  ) , but almost all plants are technically the first of their kind because it 's rare that two are exactly alike . 
  unless we 're talking about the basic mechanisms and processes , the phrase `` first of its kind '' is not a particularly impressive thing to say . 
  besides , artificial islands are n't new , and neither is pumped storage . 
  i 'm not sure why i care about this so much . 
  it 's cool that we 're seeing more pumped storage schemes , and i 'd like to see more of them in the world . 
  apart from the ones that are n't . 
  if the older and younger voted equally , that would be ideal . 
  it 's not really the first of its kind , it 's just a variation on the pumped storage scheme . 
  they 're really cool , and they do go a long way to make things like wind power a more reliable way of generating electricity , but they 're really expensive to build . 
  there 's one in wales . 
  2 data points is barely better than one , but i 'm in practically the same boat as you . 
  i 'm starting to suspect that cameron 's going to go for the centrist pro-europe path ( on condition of reforms ) and take ukip on directly instead of succumbing to the right wing . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , this is a positive development . 
  sorry for my lack of comprehension , but what on earth are you talking about ? 
  be more specific . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  i ca n't vote for or against them or in any way lobby them into getting net neutrality into eu legislation . 
  all i can do is hope they have another `` change of heart '' . 
  it 's a relief , that 's what it is . 
  so it is . 
  heh , i never actually noticed that . 
  huh , interesting , thanks . 
  just to be on the same page , we are talking about things like buying alcohol and/or tobacco , right ? 
  i 'm not sure why shopkeepers would really care about proof of address . 
  same here in the uk , though it 's often simpler to get and use a provisional license instead of an id card if you have n't passed your test yet . 
  i 'm curious , why ca n't you use them as id in germany , then ? 
  3 things come to mind , it would make documentation redesigns collectively cheaper ( as it only has to be done once instead of 27 times ) , it makes police work easier if you 're dealing with a license from another eu country , and i suppose it makes it easier to use them as id if you 're in another eu country . 
  that 's not really much of a problem . 
  takes a bit of getting used to , but people have been crossing the channel on the ferry for a while now with relatively few issues so long as it 's clearly signposted at both ends . 
  which it is . 
  i really ca n't imagine how this could occur without religion being involved . 
  worse than berlusconi himself ? 
  how does democracy even function in italy with an electorate with those kinds of priorities ? 
  it 's like that all the time . 
  i was there in the galleries when the `` calm down dear '' incident happened , it 's great fun . 
  this is definitely a member state level thing and the eu should keep out of it . 
  the eu should focus on legislation where uniformity across europe is mutually beneficial ( like mobile phone roaming charges or electricity ) , not for pushing ideological agendas on populations that would otherwise not accept them . 
  how does our water system gain from having the same legislation as the system in , say , france ? 
  you think he is n't aware of this already , mr. faymann ? 
  cameron has two jobs , one to represent the opinions of the british public to gain or retain their vote , and the other to serve in the interest of the country . 
  what can he do when one is mutually exclusive from the other ? 
  best bros. , 
  cameron is battling on two fronts . 
  on the left , there 's labour , on the right , there 's ukip . 
  moving towards the centre means that right-wing conservative voters ( and party members ) will defect to ukip . 
  moving towards the right means that centrist conservative voters will defect to labour or stop voting at all . 
  not doing anything at all will make him seem weak and both will happen . 
  i 'm not sure if this can be won in the current situation . 
  i suspect cameron 's only hope to win the european game is that the situation in the eu changes in a significant way , be it a new treaty or a member state leaving the eu or the eurozone . 
  of course , the economy is still the biggest vote-winner . 
  i hate how the `` loyalists '' commit such violence in the name of my country 's flag . 
  i 'm starting to really lean towards saying fuck them and just annex northern ireland to the roi if they still want them . 
  if they ca n't be civil and accept the consequences of democracy peacefully , they do n't deserve democracy in the first place . 
  this is such a stupid conflict , ireland and the uk are so entwined with each other that barely anything would change . 
  the queen has more in common with diplomats than politicians , to be fair . 
  tell you what , us , cut your military budget and we 'll talk . 
  i 'd like to see you do it . 
  it 's mainly due to l'acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise , which has occasionally popped up in the global public conciousness writing about their crusade to provide more `` french '' versions of anglicised words . 
  of course the quebeckers do n't help either . 
  i was curious if it was an obsession by a few eccentric people or a general agreement across the francosphere . 
  thankfully , it looks like it 's the former . 
  i 'd be curious about this too . 
  i really like the french language . 
  it has a certain * je ne sais quoi * about it . 
  perhaps . 
  right now ? 
  yes . 
  during 2015-2020 , by which time there will likely be a restructuring of the eu , probably yes but possibly not . 
  7 years is a long time in politics . 
  i 'm for the uk being in the eu , but how does a referendum cause uncertainty ? 
  surely the idea is that it uses the highest authority ( the people ) to end the debate once and for all ? 
  although this is the telegraph and that was probably the question they wanted me to ask . 
  i think the uk will hold a referendum between 2015 and 2020 regardless , and the eu needs to state its case . 
  the only thing that 's being reported is `` who '' wants us to keep in , but we should be taking about `` why '' we should keep in . 
  til , thanks !, 
  well in our culture calling someone a `` cheeky monkey '' is a term of endearment , and `` island monkey '' sounds similar to that . 
  swinging around and having fun . 
  where does `` limey '' come from , anyway ? 
  excellent . 
  pow , right in the patriotism . 
  true . 
  i did not know there was such a subreddit . 
  but the house of commons has `` primacy '' , which is to say it can overrule the lords on legislation because it is elected , and that the lords can slow down legislation at best . 
  ugh , the lords is so embarrassing , but there 's so many idiots with a wide range of ideas for reform that no single idea gets passed .
