  * i have to say that i love how english has just shamelessly stolen another german word . 
  good question . 
  i do n't know , there 's no precedent for it , and i ca n't find anything in the treaties that details any provisions for a caretaker commission . 
  article 17.7 states that if the candidate does not gain the majority in parliament , the council has to wait one month before nominating a new candidate using the same procedure as the first , and so on . 
  it does n't state what actually happens to the eu legislature in the meantime . 
  article 17.3 is adamant that the commission 's term of office is five years , no more no less . 
  so , i think the eu legislative institutions just shut down until the council and parliament agree , as barroso does not have the legal right to continue to lead the commission . 
  i do n't think the writers of the treaties envisaged that the parliament would take control in this way , and considered the threat of a month 's wait enough to prevent the parliament from being picky about the president . 
  yeah , that 's the issue . 
  the council can nominate who they like , but if the parliament rejects them , as i strongly imagine they would , they 're back to square one and looking like idiots . 
  opposition to ttip is getting publicly associated with crazy conspiracy theorists , thanks to stupid unscientific videos and articles like these . 
  it 's going to push people away from opposing it , or even debating about it . 
  holy shit , that 's amazing . 
  you did good romania , give yourselves a collective pat on the back . 
  yeah , that 's pretty fair . 
  unfortunately that requires a treaty change , but i 'd love to finally kill the argument that europe is led by unelected people . 
  hah , i completely agree , it was just an observation of the parallels , in the event that the council proposed the candidates first . 
  the electoral college is not a good system , but i think the prime-ministerial system that 's now developing will be pretty solid . 
  the next move is to work out a way to improve the legitimacy of the other commissioners . 
  funnily enough , i 've just realised that such a system would begin to resemble the us electoral college , in that different states have a sort-of proportional allocation of votes , and all the votes in each state are pooled together . 
  you really begin to appreciate why the us 's federal system is structured in the weird the way it is . 
  anyway , no `` electoral college '' for us . 
  the `` states '' did n't take the power to decide the president when they had the chance , so the `` house of representatives '' has taken it first . 
  i joint french-british seat i 'd accept , with the option for further european countries to join if they put in the leg work . 
  the rest of europe does n't quite have the military clout or will to deserve a seat . 
  a proper military union like that , separate from the eu , would be pretty cool . 
  like a little eu , but military . 
  to paraphrase cgpgrey , the answer is , as always , empire . 
  our non-eu immigration policy is frankly pretty screwed up . 
  we 've got tons of very open policies with many commonwealth countries ( some of which are very populous , * very * poor and culturally different to us ) as a result of the agreements immediately following their independence . 
  unfortunately the public reaction to that ca n't really find the right thing to direct their anger to , because non-eu migration is the result of a disparate set of obscure treaties . 
  the eu , on the other hand , is a massive and unified organisation , and though they 're not really causing the cultural tensions , they do have `` freedom of movement '' as a core tenet , so it 's easy to direct anger at them . 
  of course , the way to fix this is to properly separate ourselves from commonwealth countries and introduce much tighter immigration restrictions and quotas from those countries , but that pisses off the old ukip-types who have a love affair with the commonwealth , and vote a lot . 
  the net result is that nothing gets fixed , and people are getting pissed off at the wrong countries . 
  i feel like we need more information . 
  i remember a similar story happening with jews earlier which i believe turned out to be nonsense . 
  make no mistake , i do n't support the separatists , but this is a massive accusation that requires evidence . 
  very nice article . 
  i can imagine the council nominating someone other than jcj , but i ca n't imagine the parliament approving of him or her . 
  i sort of want it to happen as a demonstration that europe is now under the parliament 's control . 
  if the council really wanted this to stop happening and keep control of the presidency , they should have nominated their own candidates during the various national elections over the past 5 years . 
  like , `` if we win the head of government/presidency , we 'll nominate this person '' . 
  instead , they dropped the ball and did nothing until the european elections were upon us . 
  if the parliament does back down to a non-candidate , i think it will be the death knell for the eu , as it will prove the euroskeptics were right . 
  tidal power , if you have the right places to build it , is great , i do n't deny that . 
  wind turbines do n't fulfil the same role as nuclear power . 
  they 're great , but they supplement nuclear power , not replace it . 
  we need to have a reasonable mixture of both . 
  besides the fact that anyone who tells you that fusion has ever been around the corner is lying , we need time to develop renewables too . 
  thorium is another stepping stone which is already known to us . 
  i 'm not saying no to renewables . 
  renewables mesh wonderfully with nuclear power because they combine a base load system with a cheap demand-reducing system . 
  also , energy production is going to combine with the transport emissions as cars start turning electric . 
  it 's going to be a massive polluter if we do n't deal with it . 
  ukip 's in europe for freedom and democracy , not the european conservatives and reformists . 
  the former campaigns for withdrawal from the eu , the latter wants to stay in , but wants the eu reformed so it runs on a smaller budget . 
  hence why i say the ecr is afd 's natural grouping . 
  the point about nuclear fission is that it 's a transitional power source . 
  if we build them now , we can stop the release of greenhouse gases earlier and do less lasting damage to the environment . 
  then , once we 've accomplished that , we have easily enough uranium to last us until we work out better sources of energy , from thorium to nuclear fusion . 
  opposing nuclear power basically kills the plan to transition from greenhouse-gas emitting energy . 
  oil & gas barons love the greens for this , and i do n't know how they can sleep at night . 
  yeah , because the greens really have their shit together on energy ... 
  opposing nuclear power demonstrates that they have no clue . 
  the problem is that there are a lot of tiny new parties , including a lot of joke parties . 
  we ca n't give media coverage to parties without representation because it would turn into a ridiculous circus . 
  i think we can agree , however , that the ecr is probably afd 's most natural grouping . 
  [ the tories want them , ] ( http://euobserver.com/eu-elections/124418 ) but it 's a question of what afd wants to do . 
  ukraine will never improve itself under russia 's wing . 
  russia has no interest in improving human rights or democracy in the eurasian union as it is not in its own interest to do so . 
  the victory here is n't the election . 
  that 's a pretty neutral matter . 
  the victory is the full implementation of the eu-ukraine association agreement , which rewards progress and stability with market access . 
  eeeh , i still do n't see schultz getting the presidency , even with an epp high rep. epp members are going to feel entitled to get juncker in , they wo n't vote for schultz no matter what , and the left parties ca n't secure enough votes to overrule them . 
  the eu is still an economic union and not a military alliance , so nato fills in the other half as far as europe is concerned . 
  still , it 's not like there is n't a military threat from russia . 
  no doubt the baltic states would be much more wary about russia invading , especially as they had no qualms about invading the ( formerly ) neutral state , ukraine . 
  the law is never the whole story . 
  as an analogy , the rules of an election , the electoral system , the constituency boundaries and so on are written into law . 
  however , the balance of power , and the parties with and without influence , are not . 
  it just happens , according to the political landscape and the aforementioned rules . 
  surely this is how civil mass disobedience starts . 
  looked it up , yep , they 've got no german party . 
  sounds like they 'd fit like a glove . 
  while i do n't know their other policies , so far that sounds like the european conservatives & reformists . 
  it 's pretty easy to work out that it 's a republic of russia , and a quick search on wikipedia would tell you where it is . 
  yes , but only if the majority in the region want it , and prove it by holding a free and fair referendum . 
  heh , so they 're still going to do it . 
  good luck to them , i guess , but belarus and kazakhstan are not economically powerful countries . 
  even combined their gdps barely add to russia 's , and only allow russia to increase by one rank to beat brazil 's gdp , a feat which would n't last long . 
  while that may seem true now , we must remember that it is still in living memory that most european countries were at each others throats . 
  the period of time following the dissolution of the soviet union was when there was a sweeping desire to consign old conflicts to the past , and russia was naturally included in that . 
  it would be hypocritical to do otherwise . 
  russia broke that olive branch and should not be trusted , but that does n't mean it was wrong to offer it in the first place . 
  i mean , if another country in europe , say germany , acted in the same way today , western europeans would have retroactively used its past as evidence that it should n't have been trusted . 
  we should n't judge european countries by their actions before the time of attempted reconciliation , because most of them have similarly dirty pasts . 
  let 's just judge russia by what it does now . 
  he deserves the right to be the first to be nominated and attempt to secure majority support , sure , but he does n't necessarily deserve to get that support while he merely commands a plurality and not a majority . 
  ukip are not far right . 
  they 're right of the conservatives , sure , but i suggest reading up on parties like the [ bnp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_national_party ) , [ golden dawn ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_ ( political_party \\ ) ) , [ front national ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_front_ ( france \\ ) ) , or [ jobbik ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jobbik ) to get an idea of what real far-right politics looks like .
