  giving the eu a choice of self-reform or the loss of one of it 's main members by way of a referendum is both fair and just . 
  i find it always helps to know both your friends , enemies , and frenemies alike . 
  in this case , it 's interesting to know that underneath that hard one-policy euroskeptic exterior , farage is basically a tory , although a slightly right-wing one at that . 
  he 's also a fantastic orator . 
  farage does n't represent me , no , he 's somewhat a relic of the `` old tory '' generation that is slowly dying out naturally . 
  i more identify with the younger generation , which while still conservative , is much more disillusioned with the concept of privilege and more focused on rewarding hard work and merit . 
  well no , not a career , but he was a member of the conservative party , but broke away when the maastricht treaty was signed in '92 and founded ukip . 
  politician was the wrong word , but he was very politically active , and a conservative . 
  as a consequence , ukip exists as an overlap with the right-wing of the conservatives , and many conservative supporters vote for ukip in the european parliamentary elections . 
  you can imagine how irritating it is for them when ukip tries to go for westminster seats and split the vote though , so there 's somewhat a love-hate relationship going on . 
  yeah , i 'm really not sure why we have them if we could choose the system . 
  the bbc gave the impression it was eu-wide . 
  ooh , please do !, 
  i remember farage used to be a conservative politician , if that 's any indication . 
  it 's not often that you get to splinter from such a huge party and make a huge party of your own . 
  and that 's how you do it right . 
  good job . 
  out of curiosity , which meps replied ? 
  it 's not like they were going to campaign * for * acta , were they ? 
  i love what the eff does , but joining this late in the game strikes me as a little bit of a `` me too '' attitude . 
  the battle 's already been fought and won . 
  for fuck 's sake , do n't send an email to all meps at once . 
  they get a ton of people lazily copy and pasting an email in this way and it 's very unlikely to convince any of them . 
  firstly , lobby the meps that actually represent your region , or at most , your country . 
  secondly , meps of different parties will have different trigger points to convince them to join your cause , personalise your emails . 
  thirdly , i do n't think acta has any chance of passing at this point . 
  oh , i see what you mean now , you 're talking about devo-max . 
  the principle problem is this : there is n't really a way to have a 3 option referendum ( stay , leave , renegotiate/devo-max ) without having some kind of democratic ambiguity that can get very messy if the result does n't produce an absolute majority for the winning decision . 
  in both situations , he 's trying to satisfy the people that are calling for the referendum in order to end the argument in the cleanest possible way . 
  the snp prefers complete independence over devo-max , so it 's an in-out referendum . 
  ukip and the tory euroskeptic wing is calling for a renegotiation with the eu , not in-out ( although whether that is actually possible is another matter ) so he 's aiming for a referendum that satisfies that . 
  there 's really no way to absolutely satisfy everyone , but three-way referendum will be a disaster . 
  i 'll preface the fact that scottish independence is n't likely at this rate , but the scottish national party is pro-eu , and would be unlikely to hold a referendum if the uk did . 
  that said , if the majority of scotland votes to remain in the eu and the other countries of the uk voted to leave , that leaves a completely unprecedented situation . 
  presumably the union supersedes the country , but it might spark off calls for another independence referendum . 
  there 's a democratic principle to be upheld though , and it 's no good taking a `` your government knows best '' attitude . 
  it 's the task of those who believe we should continue to be in the eu to convince the public , and so far they 've failed miserably in doing so . 
  quite right . 
  i really hope that people in the mainland understand that this is n't some kind of anti-europe thing , the british feel no ill will to any european nation . 
  however , we need an urgent discussion on our relationship . 
  change is on the horizon , and we ca n't leave talking properly about this for much longer . 
  brilliant !, 
  charming . 
  you should have stopped at `` guardian '' . 
  i was under the impression that it meant all information of the same physical form , regardless of source , content or destination , should be treated equally . 
  it 's time to educate , not to call people idiots . 
  there 's also a lot more of it to go around , per person . 
  yeahno . 
  there 's the norfolk dialect and the norwich dialect , which are distinct , for starters . 
  i 'm impressed by the idea and the effort put in so far , but it needs refinement , as well as consultation of people who actually live there . 
  hmm , i 'd pretty much plant ukip into `` right wing '' , not `` far-right '' . 
  in fact , they overlap with about half of the conservatives ( who are centre-right ) . 
  question for someone who understands greek politics better than i : how stable is a new democracy/pasok/democratic left coalition ? 
  it does n't sound very stable at all . 
  now that 's an interesting opinion i 'd like to see fleshed out if i ever saw one . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a far-right party that i could n't justify applying at least two of the labels `` intolerant '' , `` hateful '' or `` racist '' . 
  or do you mean that it 's a necessary/inevitable component of the democratic process ? 
  because then i would sort of agree with you . 
  you have to hand it to them , syriza has performed a masterstroke in electioneering . 
  it 's wonderful that greece is ditching the two-party deadlock , but this is a time where europe could really have done with the greek electorate being more decisive . 
  timing greece , jeez . 
  why on earth are both of you being downvoted ? 
  can someone explain to me why making an opinion poll in the fortnight before an election is illegal in greece ? 
  what is with people 's fascination with merkel ? 
  it 's a bit creepy . 
  we have a fascist party , they are called the [ british national party ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_national_party ) ( which is thankfully declining ) and they hold 2 seats in the european parliament . 
  they 're not the same thing as ukip by a long margin . 
  security 's been beefed up , so if anything it 's more safe than before the paris attacks . 
  yes , though it 's a broader term than just ukip . 
  in the uk , there 's a tendency to emphasise the difference between `` big c '' conservatives and `` small c '' conservatives . 
  conservative refers to that of the conservative party , which is to say market liberal , centre-right politics . 
  they 're the party that currently have a ruling majority here . 
  they 're a bit like a secular version of the us democratic party . 
  small c conservative generally refers to social conservatism , things like opposition to gay marriage , promotion of the traditional family unit as a basis of society , aversion to immigration . 
  they 're also more likely to be associated with religion , though not necessarily christianity . 
  of those four , montenegro 's closest , but to be honest i think the eu is currently focusing on bigger problems than enlargement . 
  i think they should be . 
  i think it 's a strength of the westminster system that the eu could easily inherit . 
  not really . 
  there 's going to be fluctuations here and there , but there 's no big trend towards the right ... yet . 
  it 's always a good idea to take your ehic card if you are eligible for one , but it 's not an obligation , it just makes life easier if you find yourself in need of public healthcare in another eea member state . 
  yeah , i 've heard the name czechia before , but i 've always called it the czech republic because that 's the official name and what everybody else uses . 
  i have no preference either way , they 're both good names for a country . 
  i 'll happily change over if the government either changes it to the official name , or makes it a co-equal name that becomes popular . 
  i do n't think people really care . 
  at most people really dismiss him as yet another product of the terrible political system in america . 
  there 's things going on that are of much greater consequence right now around here . 
  we 've got falling oil prices , the eurozone crisis , the migrant crises across the continent , a pseudo-civil war in ukraine , isis and home-grown islamic extremism , and many more . 
  why should we care about some attention-seeking idiot who probably wo n't be president of a country that is not our own ? 
  aww ... * walks away sulking *, 
  turkey 's already stretching it . 
  i think they 'd make a good addition , copenhagen criteria notwithstanding . 
  why not visit both cities and see how you feel ? 
  personally , i 'd consider berlin , as the cost of living in london is really high . 
  i defer to your judgement oh great and wise bulgarian one who obviously is n't projecting their own views to the rest of the population . 
  i trust that parties that campaign for the withdrawal from the eu and nato like \u0410\u0442\u0430\u043a\u0430 will dominate the national assembly in the next election then after the obviously coincidental blips in previous elections . 
  of course they can . 
  it 's just that bulgaria does n't want to . 
  universal healthcare , campaign finance limits per voter , mixed member proportional representation in congress . 
  those three things would fix a lot of america 's problems .
