  as far as i 'm aware , no , not really . 
  she had only been an mp for a year . 
  the neutrality of european union member states , even non-nato ones , is very much debatable and in my opinion somewhat doubtful . 
  for example , austria participates in several eu battlegroups , which is something which is n't really in the spirit of neutrality . 
  switzerland on the other hand does n't . 
  shit 's close , yo . 
  you 'd want to bring and show your british passport if you want to cross over to the continent , but your british citizenship otherwise currently confers unimpeded movement . 
  the difference between a schengen-schengen border and a uk-schengen border is that in the former you do n't need a passport to cross . 
  in the latter , we check which passport you have , and only if you have shown a valid eea or swiss passport then you have a right to cross , otherwise you have to go through normal immigration procedures . 
  the referendum is technically advisory because we do n't have a constitutional way to hold a binding one . 
  i like that they 're keeping with the - ine suffix for the halogens and the - on suffix for the noble gases , though it would n't surprise me if they chemically acted nothing like halogens or noble gases . 
  it 's so very satisfying to see the periodic table `` complete '' with names ... until element 119 happens . 
  i think it 's a reasonable test for citizenship applicants , though the halloween question both answers are true in my opinion . 
  i do n't think it 's particularly necessary for sweden to harbour nuclear weapons even if they were full-fledged nato members . 
  but the representative of austria at the european council is the chancellor , not the president . 
  hofer would not have been part of eu decision making anyway . 
  poland 's different because their constitution has encountered an unintended bug in the system , but in austria to hold new elections is n't an unconstitutional or undemocratic thing to do , especially if a president is elected on the basis that they will hold fresh elections . 
  i think the times is just making things up with respect to austria . 
  do n't suppose that he included the strasbourg circus among those criticisms ? 
   how do you define it ? 
  poverty is the situation when one can not source basic necessities for healthy , stable life in the place that one lives in . 
  it 's not that hard to calculate ; list all of the basic necessities ( food , water , shelter , medicine etc. ), 
  and the quantities required for a healthy , stable life per annum , and total the prices to source each of them for a years supply that can be bought in the area . 
  that value is the poverty line per annum in that area , which can be mapped geographically . 
  there is of course a bit of leeway with what is required for a healthy stable life , perhaps an internet connection is a modern addition , but those things do n't take up the bulk of the cost . 
  when it comes to the basics , the needs of humans have not changed that much over the centuries . 
  there are other measures which are nuanced and variable like success or happiness , but poverty is quite scientific and rigid in comparison . 
  that we agree with the meanings of words is quite a fundamental part of language , and the english speaking world overwhelmingly associates it with a lack of basic necessities . 
  it 's pretty obvious that the inequality measure of `` relative poverty '' is not simply another way of looking at poverty , but an underhanded branding campaign piggybacking on society 's conception of the meaning of poverty . 
  call it an inequality index . 
  inequality is an important thing and we should pay attention to it , but it 's not nearly as important as poverty from a humanitarian point of view . 
  eu membership of both bih and serbia has become the most realistic way of drawing rs and serbia closer together politically without causing another war . 
  i would say balticisation should be the opposite of finlandisation . 
  to be fair , civil unions are the meat and potatoes of the issue , they ( ideally ) confer the actual rights to same-sex couples , while calling it marriage is more of a cosmetic change . 
  it 's a bit weird that most of us tend to think of the latter as the bigger step . 
  people in the uk are proud of the nhs because it is free at the point of use and good quality , not because the state runs its services . 
  it 's a human right that is guaranteed to be met by whatever means , not a socialist ideal . 
  the line about privatisation lost its luster a year ago when it became apparent that it was n't the same thing as losing single-payer healthcare , despite the strong implications . 
  do n't get me wrong , the tories have n't handled the nhs perfectly and need to be held to account , but what you said is pretty typical of the rhetoric employed by left-leaning parties that failed to address what the tories are n't doing right , and contributed to their working majority in 2015 . 
  on that note , there is a movement to give australians , canadians and new zealanders the right to live and work in the uk and vice versa . 
  it may well be something that we 'll see following brexit . 
  the issue was with the court itself , not the text of the convention . 
  that said , i strongly doubt it would happen , it 's too politically complicated when we have much larger issues to deal with . 
  i think the civil service would actually explode . 
  scotland is n't the successor state to the uk , as the uk will still exist , so it will inherit no treaties from them . 
  any off-the-menu workaround for scotland to have eu membership immediately will require unanimous consent from all other eu members , but at the very least spain has clearly indicated they would require scotland to accede to the eu via the normal joining process . 
  i 'm confident the process will be quick , but scotland will not be treated like a special case . 
  that 's basically what hydrogen is , though we do n't yet have the technology to do the whole cycle efficiently . 
  yeah , we vote on thursdays . 
  there 's probably some antiquated agricultural/religious reason for it . 
  my only criticism is that i wish election day was a public holiday . 
  yeah , it 's a bit weird and i do n't know the details about it other than that england and wales has a common law system and scotland has a mixed civil and common law system . 
  when i read up about the differences my eyes tend to glaze over , haha . 
  no , it has always existed , it just is n't a kingdom by its own right . 
  it has a separate legal system guaranteed at the act of union , so on that basis it was possible to legislate for it differently to the rest of the uk even before the scottish parliament was created . 
  it 's a good question , but there 's plenty of precedent . 
  the default is that scotland would be a commonwealth realm , which is to say an independent country that has elizabeth ii as its monarch , and is part of the commonwealth . 
  if you want to get technical , there is no such thing as a `` queen of scotland '' right now , but scottish independence would recreate that title . 
  they will then have the right to change that status if they wish , but there 's no real political will to do that . 
  yeah , ireland and northern ireland in the uk . 
  exactly . 
  the concept holds water if the larger country offers a legal and reasonable method to obtain independence , which would make doing it by illegal means unacceptable . 
  if i recall correctly , there is n't a cta visa like there is a schengen visa . 
  a irish visa does n't necessarily guarantee legal access to the uk and vice versa , but we do n't police the border . 
  someone from northern ireland will probably know more about it than this englishman . 
  yeah , it 's basically the same thing , though the visa system is a little different . 
  being on islands means that adding border control to all methods of entry to the country is at a relatively low cost and inconvenience to travellers . 
  the problem is with land borders , which we had already solved with the cta before schengen was even a thing . 
  that , plus we rightly realised that schengen was n't properly equipped to manage external borders , which would have effectively become our borders , and it was well known that the uk was the top destination for economic illegal migrants . 
  nothing short of a very competently run `` fortress europe '' model would have made it worth joining . 
  even if that was true ( which i have my doubts for many reasons ) , i ca n't imagine that scotland would have enough time to leave the uk before the uk leaves the eu . 
  there 's only two years after article 50 , and that will probably be invoked pretty soon . 
  anything is possible in the eu if you 're willing to consider treaty change , but treaty change is a very slow process that includes referenda in a handful of member states . 
  ireland in particular comes to mind . 
  you 're probably better off abandoning that particular dream , biting the bullet and considering if it 's okay to join as a new member state . 
  nuclear wo n't solve everything , but in germany 's case it would drastically improve the situation . 
  i distinctly remember the moment during euromaiden in ukraine where people did die for that flag . 
  oh totally , the philosophy of this is fascinating , and it 's a little scary that we are getting much closer to having these questions come up in actual real-life scenarios and court cases instead of thought experiments . 
  then you 're getting into the territory of thinking that when humans go to sleep they die and the human that wakes up is a new mind with the old memories . 
  we do n't tend to care about that , but we do care if we never wake up again . 
  shutting off a sentient ai is more like knocking them out so long as you intend to turn them back on at a later date . 
  the ethical requirement would be to have the ai 's permission to do so . 
  i 've heard about the estonian darkness though , how it changes you . 
  i hear romania has a sweet gig on internet speeds though . 
  not in the uk , although other european countries give bonus seats to the winner , such as greece . 
  it 's not really necessary here because we use the first past the post system , so the biggest party tends to get absolute majorities . 
  see , i like it that way . 
  the obverse is all the same but the reverse shows the character of the nation it is from , be they monarchy or republic . 
  it also preserves the pan-european tradition of putting the profile of monarchs on currency that existed before the euro . 
  i think presidential systems are just bad ideas in general . 
  i get it if you want to be a republic and all that jazz , but having one head honcho having so much power can not be better than distributing that power just a little bit at the top . 
   it would be like trump declaring the official language of the us being american . 
  that 's not really a big deal if he did . 
  it 's only called english in america because of historical reasons , but today the language is as much america 's as it is ours . 
  they can call it whatever they want , the value is that it is mutually intelligible . 
  exactly , not to mention the other developments in agriculture . 
  thankfully we can consider the global population problem largely solved , though it 's been replaced with the other problems of climate change and managing an ageing population . 
  thank you !, 
  that is really unsatisfying though , i wonder why they did n't challenge it ? 
  either they thought that they would lose the vote or i would suspect foul play .
