  i do n't think we would be , but others disagree . 
  so anyone who questions your inane challenge is an apologist . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  also , russia . 
  people are really angry at russia right now . 
  i fail to see the point in this exercise . 
  is n't this self-defeating ? 
  if someone is going to call for separatism , the state fining or imprisoning them is only going to strengthen their resolve . 
  all it takes is for people to start saying `` no '' , and before you know it you have a civil war . 
  presumably this was before crimea was annexed ? 
  if so , russia was acting entirely within their rights back then , exercising economic pressure but not beyond the limits of their sovereignty . 
  i stand by my original statement . 
  you could be right , and my gut instinct agrees with you , but it is based on a bit on a stereotype which is broadly true ( that of america being much more keen to intervene as a response to an attack on its citizens than europe ) , but could be subject to factors which completely change the outcome . 
  for example , maybe ukraine would n't be so keen to let the americans go in , as they 're much more keen with the eu than the usa . 
  maybe russia 's response would be way different , and they 'd turn in the rebels to prevent another cold war scenario . 
  or , maybe they 'd act no different . 
  who knows . 
  i do n't think there 's any answer to this question that can be stated with any degree of confidence . 
  i fully believe that ukraine would have done anything to get into nato proper as soon as possible , if it was n't for the rule that joining members must not have ongoing territorial disputes . 
  then again , if it was n't for the ongoing territorial disputes , they would n't be trying to join nato , so what can you do . 
  russia might flip shit if nato peacekeepers went in , but what would they do about it ? 
  as is also the case with moldova , ukraine ca n't join while it has ongoing territorial disputes , it 's part of the treaty . 
  however , a country does n't need to be in nato to renounce its neutrality and become pro-nato . 
  that 's too much of the easy way out . 
  i 'd consider being forced to go through the court to hear in detail about the lives and families they ruined , and then being locked away for the rest of their lives , and * then * dying , to be suffering . 
  we are europeans , delivering justice in a war zone unless we 're strictly forced into doing it is n't our way . 
  by then the scottish question will be over with , considering how close the referendum is now . 
  themselves . 
  they 're their own people , with a distinct socio-political character . 
  become a city-state , or even a washington dc-style eu federal district . 
  is there a word for a sovereign state which is entirely composed of regions with equal state-like legislative power , but is still ultimately accountable to the central government ? 
  in the uk , that 's what we mean by federalism , to bring the devolved government system to all of england , and equalise the legislative powers of each of the regional assemblies/parliaments . 
  it might be a definition specific to here owing to our unique political structural issues , though . 
  sure , but life is so much better when they live to suffer and experience the ramifications of what they 've done . 
  our number one concern is to find and capture the bastards that did it and bring them to the hague to stand trial . 
  maybe , but we do n't know that for sure . 
  i recall a rebel leader saying something along the lines of `` stay out of our airspace '' . 
  make of that what you will . 
  just because it is on purpose does n't make it intelligent . 
  we ca n't move in to russia , even though the world would be so much better off if it did break up into independent regions . 
  they are a nuclear power , so the best we can do to them is isolate them economically . 
  they are , and that 's the single greatest problem that america has . 
  ah , the most unfortunate condition of them all ... 
  i want to see an independent investigation first , just in case we 've missed something important , but if it becomes conclusive that the rebels did it ( and evidence i 've seen strongly implies it ) , then i think the uk should come with you to assist ukraine to drive them out by military means . 
  drive them out , reinforce the ukraine-russia border , bring ukraine into the fold of european nations , heavily sanction russia , invest in ukraine . 
  i do n't care if it dents our economies , those bastards went too far when they killed our civilians in cold blood . 
  no more . 
  if it was on purpose , then yes . 
  but we do n't know that yet . 
  ah , looked into article 6 . 
  attacking planes does actually count , but only over territories owned or occupied by nato members , of which ukraine is neither . 
  man , why is it that i still have such a bad feeling about this ? 
  i 'm going to say what i think a fair few of us are thinking ; north atlantic treaty article 5 . 
  i do n't know if it 's actually going to be invoked or even if it can be , but i 'm seriously worried about the possibility . 
  i heard there were around two dozen americans . 
  i guess most of them were in the same ring if they 're making these arrests in quick succession . 
  what cyridius said . 
  it 's a moot point anyway because it wo n't happen . 
  problem with nato is that ukraine is n't in it , so it ca n't help . 
  conveniently the crimea issue also makes ukraine ineligible to join . 
  problem with the eu is that it 's littered with cowardly countries that are self-described as neutral , or are unwilling to put forward anything but the bare minimum to get protection from their neighbours . 
  often i 'm proud of europe in many respects , but in this one i 'm ashamed of it . 
  seriously , what was that about ? 
  shall we invite robert mugabe and kim jong-un as well next time ? 
  sorry about the terse tone , you raise interesting points . 
  personally i do n't think it 's a human rights issue . 
  i think the state does have a duty to regulate the things we consume in the event of extreme health consequences . 
  it 's just that the law with regards to cannabis is failing to do that , mainly because cannabis does n't have extreme consequences , or barely any consequences at all . 
  good point about schengen and free distribution of goods , though . 
  i wonder if eu countries have different laws regarding firearms ? 
  if there 's no precedent , then this really is an eu level thing . 
  what 's your argument for that , then ? 
  it 's not going to be a secret . 
  considering how groundbreaking it is , the media exposure will be massive . 
  it will shift the balance of global economic power . 
  the details will be analysed and debated , and it will require the approval of all the national parliaments and the european parliament , and that 's just the eu side . 
  if anything , it will be the single most scrutinised agreement in the history of humanity . 
  this stuff is why it is so important that parliaments are sovereign . 
  it forces the elite , who would much rather everything really was done in secret , to disclose everything they want to do to the world , and get the approval of the people . 
  if they fuck up , we can vote them out of office . 
  anyway , lobby your representatives if there 's something specific you think should be included or excluded !, 
  i am almost to the point of being convinced that these things are being made by pro-ttip insiders seeking to discredit opposition as conspiracy theory nuts before it 's actually submitted to the legislature . 
  people can not be so stupid as to oppose something which has n't even been negotiated or disclosed yet to the parliaments and congress . 
  this `` campaign '' is a farce . 
  free trade agreements never are . 
  we have our legislatures to check whether they 're good or not . 
  if you put a canadian , brit and a bulgarian in a room , the brit and the canadian would have more in common culturally . 
  but look who 's in the eu and who is n't . 
  unfortunately you probably wo n't get a response . 
  it 's statistically improbable . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  there 's a strict two party government in one of the biggest and diverse countries in the world . 
  if the us government was truly representative , it would look nothing like it does now and it would solve a * lot * of america 's problems . 
  bit like norway , i reckon . 
  because their governance is heavily based on the westminster system and is therefore compatible with european standards of governance . 
  they 're also culturally similar to us and have european social values that resemble the existing eu more than many other official candidate countries . 
  the other nations i feel the same way about are australia and new zealand , though they 're literally on the other side of the world , so integration is not feasible . 
  honestly , as far as rights go , civil partnerships equivalent to marriage is pretty much most of the battle . 
  to allow gay marriage is mostly symbolic and is n't exactly urgent . 
  yeah , hence why i 'm looking forward to making a unified atlantic free trade area , as we have a free trade agreement with mexico as well .
