  it depends on how the finances were structured really , but i do genuinely think that a country that plays a critical part in a successful anti-corruption conviction and seizure is entitled to at the very least a share of the dividends . 
  i hope you guys get to keep the money . 
  it would be a massive boon to your finances . 
  oh no , scientific advancements in agriculture !, 
  whatever shall we do !, 
   false choice phrasing of the question just to clarify for non-british readers , you 're calling the current proposed question [ `` should the united kingdom remain a member of the european union ? 
  yes/no '' ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/bills/cbill/2015-2016/0006/16006.pdf ) a false choice phrasing . 
  i do n't think romania or bulgaria are good examples as they are n't in the eurozone . 
  spain , portugal and ireland on the other hand ... 
  it never occurred to me that this would be remotely controversial until this came up the past week or two . 
  it 's a public place , why would n't you be able to take pictures ? 
  i do n't think i 'm ever going to get used to nai = yes and oxi = no . 
  liechtenstein and andorra are on a different level of teeny-tininess compared to luxembourg and malta . 
  luxembourg = 543k malta = 423k andorra = 79k liechtenstein = 37k the differences in order of magnitude makes it difficult to fit them in to the european union system , especially when lu and mt are themselves stretching to fit in with populations like germany . 
  why are we shouting, 
  telesurgery on the same network as the rest of the internet just seems like the worst idea ever to me . 
  it would n't have worked either way . 
  there were glaringly obvious institutional problems of both greece itself and the eurozone 's governance that caused this . 
  austerity bought time to fix those institutional problems , but that time was wasted , so the option is to either buy more time and get it right this time or ditch the euro , default and dive into the unknown . 
   latyn\u015bkoju abetkoju  eksperymenta\u013enyj informacijno-anality\u010dnyj oh cool , i can actually tell what some of these words mean . 
  i think this subreddit is suffering from a bad case of * reductio ad putinum * . 
  big business is far from a unified thing on the eu question , mainly because different businesses have different models which can either be helped or hindered by the uk 's eu membership . 
  our largest sector , financial services , is definitely for the status quo , though . 
  everyone who owns their own home benefits from their house prices going up . 
  it 's not about rich pals , it 's about the tyranny of the majority . 
  in other words , the eea . 
  would be nice if one day we built a train tunnel from scotland to northern ireland , for completeness ' sake . 
  why ? 
  it 's nothing to do with us . 
  trouble and strife . 
  so what would be the gain in greece leaving the eurozone ? 
  contingency plans are never news . 
  we have contingency plans for alien invasion . 
  transfer euros to an international bank instead of a strictly greek one . 
  if i can , consider moving to another eu country . 
  cyprus seems like an obvious choice . 
  this is a bit of a guess , but i think it 's got something to do with the uk not having a constitution , while all other countries have one . 
  constitutional conventions that establish a democracy will almost always be drawn up by cross-party agreement , including minor parties , and in that scenario choosing a proportional or semi-proportional system works as a compromise . 
  compare with the uk , which developed quite organically and gradually from an absolute monarchy without ever truly wiping the slate clean . 
  there were never any founding fathers of the uk , just the line of monarchs from time immemorial and the government that slowly took over the monarch 's role , neither of which ever had any personal interest in proportional representation . 
  i swear i remember ntl ( now virgin ) offering it . 
  the porn filter thing has been wildly misrepresented by american media and on reddit . 
  very few people in the uk have actually experienced it , i certainly have n't . 
  the whole idea was that isps were obligated to provide a parental filter if customers chose to have it . 
  it 's not opt-out or opt-in , it 's a choice made as part of the process of setting up a new router . 
  hell , most isps were already providing a free optional parental filter , they already complied with the law and did n't change anything . 
  if you hear anyone else mention it , please correct them . 
  it 's not a big deal , and it 's definitely not some kind of big brother conspiracy . 
  after all , would n't you think we 'd be protesting on the streets if it was ? 
  we 've done it for a lot less . 
  just because i was bored , [ here is what the european parliament looks like now . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ceydwpi.png ) enf has definitely added to the pile of uninspiring group names . 
  it 's not really isolated to / r/europe though . 
  the whole continent is talking about this a lot right now , it 's simply reflecting the attentions of its users . 
  it 's possible there could be a defection from a different group . 
  it could be nasty if it kills efdd . 
  if you 're being attacked by people who do n't have a problem with resorting to slander , you 're probably doing something right . 
  it 's illegal , but schengen means they would n't be checked , and as far as these migrants are concerned that 's the same as being legal . 
  it would be simple to buy a train ticket or a ferry ticket . 
  well , it 's appropriate because belarus is no longer communist ( or whatever the soviet union was ) , but just as authoritarian . 
  design wise , the rug is too complicated , and i think the white-red-white is far more decidedly european yet still visually striking and unique . 
  it 's sad , but i suppose appropriate for what happened to the country . 
  i think the white-red-white horizontal band is a great flag , and i hope they use it again one day . 
  israel holds a particularly tight hold on us politics , particularly the republicans . 
  there 's a lot of money in it . 
  transnistria was less a civil movement and more of a military plan to control moldova beyond the fall of the soviet union ; and it has so far worked extremely well . 
  it has prevented moldova from reunifying with romania , or joining nato , or the eu . 
  should moldova recognise its independence , transnistria would very likely invade a small sliver of moldova , probably gagauzia , to serve the same purpose , and none of moldova 's objectives would be achieved . 
  the new zealanders did it quite well , i think . 
  they had two referenda at the same time ; the first was whether or not they should keep fptp or change it , the second was to pick one out of a list of alternative voting systems if they were to change . 
  when `` change '' and `` mmp '' won , there was a third binding referendum the next year to choose between fptp and mmp . 
  mmp won ... barely . 
  it goes too far though , ukip was only given 1 seat out of 650 , and the snp got nearly every seat in scotland despite only really having 50 % support . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  if we had a proportional system they 'd probably be the third largest party , and would probably be in government with the conservatives . 
  honestly , i think it 's one of those human nature things which wo n't go away . 
  radical change is a concept that inspires in a fundamental way , though usually not for the right reasons . 
  funnily enough farage did n't get in , though that was more due to our funky electoral system . 
  eh , macedonia 's got that wiretapping scandal too . 
  it 's not so simple nowadays . 
  yep , it 's a matter of bringing it down to cost effectiveness . 
  grown meat has a far greater potential for improvement , while regular livestock farming is the most developed technology humanity has in terms of man-hours and is basically as good as it 's going to get . 
   legalizing and liberalization of divorce used to be a progressive idea at one point in history , but is most definitely not considered one today . 
  while that is true , that is because it 's now an accepted practice almost universally , not because western europe allows it . 
  if half of the global population was living in a country that legalised same sex marriage , then i would n't consider it a progressive idea , since by that time the remaining countries are catching up with the tide . 
  same sex marriage is far from that at the moment . 
  there is no intrinsic value in being the first , or in believing something before it is even slightly popular , there is only value in doing . 
  in any case , we should be talking about `` human beings '' , not just europeans , or even worse western europeans . 
  marriage and homosexuality is a global concern , it makes absolutely no sense to restrict your world view to an arbitrary fraction of what is already an arbitrarily defined continent . 
  western europe is basically defined by its relative social liberalism anyway . 
  for now , yes , but it 's theoretically possible to grow meat tissues without them ever having been attached to a living thing . 
  one day we 'll have meat that was never slaughtered , and probably a lot fewer vegetarians . 
  you 're like some kind of progressive hipster . 
  20 years ago same sex marriage was n't legal anywhere in the world . 
  nowadays it 's still only legal in a very small number of countries , and a lot of them have territorial divisions over it . 
  in asia , where the majority of the global population lives , almost no country has it legalised and the ones that do are tiny . 
  if you take the median human being on this subject , you will have someone who is rabidly against same sex marriage . 
  san marino is the only country that i could reliably describe as adorable . 
  [ it 's so teeny tiny and their heads of state wear little towels . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8c/captains_regent_tomassoni%2c_rossi%2c_mancini_and_selva.jpg ),
