  other than that , the idea is that newer member states will be exposed to the cultures and values of the older ones , and that change will come from within . 
  not to really defend northern irish politics , it 's pretty terrible , it is worth mentioning that northern ireland does still fill 6 of the 7 bars . 
  we only complain about it because it 's the odd one out in the union . 
  i mean , check out latvia . 
  owing to our geographical position and own resources , we have other competing suppliers . 
  to be fair , he 's still from one of the two biggest parties , though michael d. higgins does strike me as a good person . 
  there wo n't be a war in western europe for as long as the eu exists , though of course that 's not a guaranteed thing in the next 100 years . 
  assuming we 're talking about modern constitutional monarchies instead of the old absolute monarchies here , but if you get a good royal family with strong morals and know their place , monarchs can serve as good political unifying figures with a permanence across generations , something which is impossible with presidents . 
  also presidential elections suck because the entire country elects one guy and all but the two biggest parties get completely sidelined . 
  parliaments should rule countries , not presidents . 
  now this is what i call being the right person at the right thread at the right time . 
  true , but that still limits russia 's options significantly . 
  i did not know he was from moscow until this video , though i 'm not in the least bit surprised . 
  bit of this , bit of that , i reckon . 
  from what i can tell , if russia does not do something different , the rebels are going to lose , and leaders of attempted regimes that fail do not have a high survival rate . 
  doubly so if this guy is a bona fide muscovite surrounded by very angry ukrainian soldiers . 
  man , the world was a lot more chaotic back then . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/heres-one-economic-reason-russias-invasion-of-crimea-pulls-in-europe-2014-3 apparently 66 % of russian gas exported to the eu transits ukraine . 
  this could be massive . 
  the man 's a tosser and bradford is a corrupt shithole . 
  russia joins in sanctions on russia . 
  yeah , but you can tell what they 're trying to do . 
  it is , a little bit . 
  there 's a couple coffee shops , a museum , and a hairdressers . 
  i think it 's got a sports centre too . 
  ukraine could work with moldova to isolate transnistria , though . 
  probably crying somewhere over the fact that romania beat everyone . 
  so we 'd make the countries of origin poorer , and spend money on these migrants even if they do n't have a right to asylum . 
  the only result i can see is a constant influx of migrants by doing that , the exact opposite of reducing the problem in the long term . 
  that 's what free trade agreements are . 
  there 's no tariffs for the movement of goods , though it means lots of common rules . 
  it 's `` free '' as in beer , instead of `` free '' as in speech . 
  careful man , you raise a point , but he does n't represent russia any more than you represent lithuania . 
  ca n't help but feel that countries with not very much coastline get a bit of an unfair advantage here . 
  we have to manage a massive great coastline all at once . 
  that 's the one on the border between belgium and the netherlands , is n't it ? 
  i think cgpgrey once did a video on it . 
  must have been a tax nightmare . 
  apparently this was built way before the treaties like the eu and schengen , but it does show why they are necessary . 
  cheers for the answer . 
  i guess when you 're norway , the status quo looks very appealing . 
  question for norwegians ; why are the public so against it ? 
  while i think rs has the right to self-determination as a function of its existing state as a stable entity with a political structure , i have to ask ; why ? 
  what would you gain from it ? 
  europe is getting closer to federalising , slovenia and croatia is in it , montenegro , macedonia and serbia are candidates . 
  the entire western balkans are considered priorities for enlargement . 
  unless the eu collapses , this is all pointless in the long term . 
  better federalisation is the answer , not splitting along ethnic lines . 
  called it . 
  the consequences of the bilaterals being guillotined are quite severe for switzerland , it 's no wonder their government is desperate to kill the previous vote . 
  difference is that there 's a 3 year time limit , and the people can initiate referenda which overrules the government . 
  switzerland is a bit different to most european countries , you ca n't ascribe the same procedures . 
  eh , is it really going to be a left vs. fascist thing ? 
  isis killed a lot of innocent people in cold blood , i feel people across the spectrum will lash out . 
  this is n't an argument that anyone can win . 
  europeans and americans have fundamentally different ideas on the limits of free speech that originate from culture and upbringing . 
  it 's one of the things which make us europeans and makes you american . 
  que sera , sera . 
  yeah , problem is that if they get confronted by society , it 's going to be in the form of punches and stabbings . 
  true . 
  the big problem is that the basic necessities largely derive from belarus 's economic links with russia , so their stability in its current configuration depends on russia 's economic stability , which has historically been a pretty good bet for as long as russia can sell gas to its neighbours like the eastern eu and ukraine . 
  now that the eu is sanctioning russia and ukraine justifiably hates them , that bet is n't looking quite as solid as before . 
  belarus is now in a position where it really needs to convince russia to quit sacrificing its economy for the sake of counter-productively punishing pro-europeanism among cis member states , and that difference in fundamental foreign policy may rip apart the already crippled eurasian economic union . 
  having never visited , i do n't know for sure . 
  there 's a certain amount of secret police repressing actions protesting the state , but people are n't starving or otherwise desperate for basic necessities . 
  going by western standards , i do n't think it 's a particularly happy place to live in , but it 's not quite north korea . 
  for its own citizens it is , but it lacks the extra-territorial ambitions of russia . 
  maybe one day belarus will realise that it backed the wrong side . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  if ukraine stabilises and no longer co-operates with russia , the russian troops maintaining its de facto independence will become isolated . 
  that 's not a situation that the russians can allow indefinitely . 
  i think what 's going on here is that the rebels are losing the war , and the front is pushing closer and closer to the russian border , where the remaining fighters are being driven out . 
  russia 's amassing on that side of the border to disincentivise the ukrainians from pushing past it . 
  i do n't think russia will directly invade , it 'll be too costly for them to finance any more than they already have , both for supporting a military presence and weathering even greater sanctions than before . 
  russia is preparing to lose yet again . 
  next stop , transnistria . 
  why would you say we 're so high up ? 
  wow . 
  i did n't expect that . 
  oddly flattering , considering the shit we pulled on you guys when you joined the eu . 
  yeah , if a country has the right resources to build hydro or geothermal , that 's pretty much the perfect way to generate electricity with current technology . 
  in a country with no or insufficient hydro or geothermal resources , the next best component necessary for green policy-making is nuclear , which is why the european green party 's policy against it is so damaging and ironic . 
  the circle jerk of people who people who have never actually been through the process ( and are often not even uk citizens ) spreading misinformation about the filters rumbles on , often without anybody who has to challenge them . 
  some places are better than others . 
  it 's pretty bad here , though . 
  maybe . 
  we may never know . 
  if they 're that demoralised , it sounds like that the ukrainians are going to drive them into russia and finish this war , good on them , it 'll be another russian failure . 
  pity we 'll likely never catch the people who shot down mh17 , though . 
  oh no , science , that evil horrible thing !, 
  whatever shall we do to stop it !, 
  do n't believe everything you hear when it comes to the uk and the eu . 
  our media does n't entirely reflect the sentiments of the public . 
  germany !, 
  in a lot of ways we 're quite similar , but germans have a few traits that we wish we had , such as better organisation , especially with respect to public transport . 
  pity that they keep on claiming the sun beds early with their towels , though . 
  alright , fair enough , but i hope this leads to a resuming of talks , to draft a second treaty that resolves the issue . 
  if it does , that 's actually a good precedent for other future treaties like ttip . 
  surviving is not exactly a high bar . 
  the question is whether we are better off outside the eu than in .
