  am i missing something ? 
  i never understood why any candidate brings up their religion . 
  sure , they 'll gain votes from the religious demographic they claim to subscribe to ( see the mormon vote this year ) , but that 's at the expense of all of the other religious demographics , particularly the increasingly militant atheists and secularists . 
  putting the commentary about the loss of separation of church and state aside , it just strikes me as fundamentally bad electioneering . 
  romney might have won if he had n't played up the mormon thing . 
  it 's common parlance to say `` edit : '' before retroactively adding stuff to your post to clear up confusion . 
  to the average reader , you sounded like you were anticipating a torrent of rabid euroskeptics from the start . 
  if the us was visibly repulsed by one of the candidate parties ? 
  yes . 
  it 's just that they 've just never done it because no single european election has been important enough for the us to make that kind of move . 
  hypothetically , if a neo-nazi party like golden dawn looked like there 's a chance they took greece , no doubt america would voice its displeasure during the greek election run-up . 
  i suppose you 're right . 
  ugh , i hate the american electoral system . 
  yeah , that 's why i call it very risky . 
  though you 're right in saying that foreign policy is the least influential debate , it does n't mean that it 's completely irrelevant to the outcome . 
  a small proportion of the undecided voters in swing states would definitely be influenced by the warning signals coming over from europe , even if they 're a small minority . 
  this was billed as one of the closest presidential elections in american history ( whether that 's actually true or not we 'll find out shortly ) . 
  even the little pushes are important , and sending warning signals that we do n't trust romney as much as obama is the only thing europe can really do . 
  uk political rhetoric downright mocked romney when he came over here during the run-up to the olympics . 
  it might not be a smart move , but the fact remains that much of europe is so scared of what a romney win would entail that they 're willing to do risky things just to make it slightly less likely . 
  i 'm sure there 's a portion of the undecided americans that would be slightly swayed by the obvious repulsion of many respectable european governments from romney . 
  good . 
  seriously , two seats is just stupid and wasteful . 
  i 'm glad that the conservative , labour and the lib dem meps seem to have signed up too . 
  if your representative meps have n't signed up yet , send a letter asking them to do so . 
  moving from brussels to strasbourg all the time is a hassle for them too and it really should n't take much convincing . 
  i wo n't agree with the european parliament 's decision , but they are elected and have the right to make this call . 
  wow , talk about vested interests . 
  the commissioner should be from the country that make the net contribution closest to 0 . 
  of course , the people appointing the commissioner also has the vested interest of making sure it comes from the biggest net beneficiary , so they in turn try to increase the budget . 
  ugh , bureaucracy . 
  just get rid of the commission and make the europarl decide the budget . 
  eh , it 's electoral posturing . 
  labour is trying to capitalise on the conservative split over europe . 
  however , a budget freeze at a minimum is definitely common ground . 
  i really dislike the idea of some of the countries , particularly england , dragging the rest out of the eu against their will . 
  it would certainly strengthen the argument for the breakup of the uk , and i say that as someone who likes the union . 
  i highly doubt you will get a balanced opinion here . 
  uk redditors on average are anti-cameron , much more than the general public is . 
  i personally like cameron . 
  he occupies the more moderate ground of the conservatives . 
  frankly i think the coalition has saved us from financial ruin by imposing austerity and keeping the interest on our insanely big government debts low . 
  that 's just down to the two party system and the free market for campaign money . 
  it 's not even two-and-a-half parties ( with-the-odd-regional-party-thrown-in ) like most first past the post democracies . 
  competing with just one other party in every single issue , especially one that has subscribed to the far-right , is a ridiculously low bar to governance . 
  obama does n't have to be good to win . 
  you 're completely right , and the referendum is completely justified . 
  this is a matter for the people and to not allow a referendum would be a violation of the principle of self-determination . 
  however , i think that the election of the snp into a majority government was not entirely due to fervour for scottish independence . 
  the snp is not a single-policy party , it is a self-styled social democratic party that has become popular following the disenfranchisement with the conservatives , labour and the liberal democrats ( in that order ) . 
  as much as i disagree with their primary policy , they have proved themselves effective in government . 
  thankfully the referendum deal has come about smoothly , and we can solve the whole situation democratically . 
  yeah , there 's no reason or appetite for the remaining uk to block it , but spain might do it to discourage catalonia . 
  i do n't believe they have the courage to do that , though . 
  i ca n't speak for catalonia or flanders , but scotland does n't necessarily want to leave the uk , only its regional government does . 
  the referendum is in 2014 and so far it 's not likely to result in `` yes '' . 
  that said , i think the answer to the hypothetical question is probably yes , although i suspect member states may have a veto on the matter , which i ca n't see any of them using . 
  this is probably the biggest reasons why the eu ( if in principle ) is a good idea . 
  we 've created a seat at the table of superpowers , and suddenly nations like china are saying `` sit down ; let 's talk '' . 
  either way seems to work , they both produce stable countries , but i think the case for a pm is stronger . 
  congratulations turkey , you 've set back your chance at eu membership by another 6 months . 
  ah , but most of our trade is with the eu , which is probably more important than raw population numbers . 
  also , picking it collectively ( as in , putting it on the curriculum ) and `` expecting '' our children to learn that language makes it much easier for them to pick it up . 
  and yeah , we ca n't be bothered to fix the problem because second languages are n't that valuable to an english-speaker . 
  also , it 's practically impossible for us to collectively pick a second language to learn because there 's so many of them once english is already taken . 
  it 's not about the steps , it 's the end product . 
  the eu has a certain standard that must be met . 
  after that , it 's fair game . 
  i do n't support the uk withdrawing from the eu , but it 's good that we 're having a debate on this . 
  good point . 
  that , though , is a failure of the media . 
  the combination of their electoral system with their lax laws on campaign financing ( as well as several other complex factors ) has definitively led to a democratic failure . 
  and yet none of the big newspapers seem to be willing to observe this in their articles . 
  as to why the media has failed , i do n't know . 
  even most left-wing americans do n't actually seem to be motivated towards a solution at all ( the obvious one being proportional representation ) , despite the fact that they often complain about the `` turd sandwich vs. 
  giant douche '' problem so eloquently posed by south park . 
  sorry , i 'm getting off-topic , it 's just one of the most mystifying cases of national doublethink i 've ever come across . 
  i agree with many of your comments , but :  nobody said `` democracy is failing in the u.s '' . 
  democracy is awful in the us . 
  they have only two represented parties and a few independents . 
  third parties are considered `` throwing away your vote '' . 
  both campaigns constantly run attack ads , and the republican strategy has been to use the system to drive the legislative process into deadlock to make the democrats appear unable to govern . 
  things like the religion , race and gender of the candidates play heavily in their electability . 
  there 's so much money involved , and only a small handful of states actually decide the result . 
  it really borderlines the definition of a democratic country , and misses much of the point of democracy . 
  the bnp are collapsing as a party . 
  one of their two meps already defected saying so . 
  do n't buy into the propaganda . 
  the issue is far more complicated than you think . 
  not all universities can charge up to # 9k , the loans are n't loans in the traditional sense ( you only pay for them if you 're already doing well for yourself ) . 
  the proportion of students going to university was allowed to skyrocket , so it was becoming increasingly impossible to subsidise that much of their education , the government had no money anyway because of the huge deficit ... to be honest , it 's either that we cut down on the number of students going to university , raise the tuition fees , or a balance between them . 
  i think there 's an argument for determining which degrees are less useful to the economy and loosening the fees on those while doing the opposite for economically beneficial ones . 
  the tories are n't homogeneous with regards to europe . 
  in fact , they 're very much split on the issue , with clarke basically heading the `` stay in europe '' crowd , which i myself subscribe to . 
  he 's more centrist than much of the tory ministers , but he 's very well respected , as his `` minister without portfolio '' title implies . 
  if the tories were decidedly hard euroskeptics , there would n't be such a thing as ukip , which broke away from them and has increasingly fielded candidates against them for years . 
  woah what what ? 
  that 's awesome . 
  maybe italy really is getting its act together . 
  that 's alright then , because if it was n't all that would be a pretty critical point .
