  the germans get off lightly on that front . 
  you keep on saying relative things without points of reference . 
  the reason paristetris thought you were referring to communism was because it 's the most commonly suggested alternative to it by far and you were therefore implying it . 
  cyprus in general was being pretty quiet while greece , spain and italy started making loud noises . 
  well , it does n't exactly help , does it ? 
  we need to look for the best system available to us , and you were implying there was something better . 
  when the eu and norway 's fortunes converge , which wo n't happen at least for a good few decades yet . 
  as it stands , norway is doing much better than the eu is . 
  if the euro provided a net economic benefit for british citizens over using the pound , then there would be no sensible argument for opposing it , but that means it really has to be run about as well as the pound is from a structural standpoint . 
  unfortunately , i do n't think we can do anything . 
  transitioning to democracy has rarely been easy and there 's no reliable way of doing it . 
  also , it largely depends on how russia approaches them in the future , as they 're still very closely tied countries . 
  if they get closer , little will likely change . 
  if they separate , belarus will look towards europe and likely become more democratic out of necessity . 
  hehe , that 's what i 'm counting on . 
  i 'm not sure how quickly bills get passed through after the second reading , but i think it 's probably faster than 6 months . 
  but the scottish government would become the representative of scotland if it gained independence , and the question is asked on the hypothetical scenario of that very same independence . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i get that there 's something odd about the uk government seeming to not do anything , but on the other hand forcing the question to go `` through the established channels '' is precisely the kind of inflexible bureaucracy that we should be stamping out of the eu . 
  i 'm irritated on two fronts . 
  so , what now ? 
  disaster has been averted , but what replaces it ? 
  the eu and imf ca n't have honestly expected it to pass the cypriot government . 
  the thing 's practically through parliament and it 's already passed the second reading , which is when these things tend to be shot down . 
  i 'll just be smug later , but not yet . 
  i want to feel smug that we did something progressive before finland . 
  are we technically in the club yet ? 
  yeah . 
  i still do n't know what 's going on with that , but it sounds decidedly dodgy . 
  you would think there 's nothing wrong with any representative government , member state or not , asking the eu about it 's own legal opinion on an issue about the terms of eu membership , though ? 
  prospective member states must do that all the time , and if it 's true that scotland would have to reapply , that 's exactly what scotland is . 
  it 's a stupid catch 22 . 
  they have to have the question answered as a precondition to getting the question answered . 
  if it wants to do that , then it will have to define how membership will apply to separating member states , which so far it has been unwilling to do ( possibly because it wants to be seen to be neutral in these disputes ) . 
  it 's good that it has become an unwritten but established rule that these things should be decided by referendum , but unfortunately the national government has to consent to that referendum . 
  this has n't been a problem in the uk ( thankfully ! ), 
  , but madrid has been decidedly more stubborn . 
  i think you 're right . 
  if he really was the most bile-spitting ultra-nazi on the planet , i ca n't imagine him knowing that connection without knowing how people would react to it . 
  a smart non-fascist would n't do it , and neither would a fascist who knows what the salute means . 
  he 's just extraordinarily stupid . 
  regardless , he deserves everything that 's coming to him . 
  i doubt he knew what fascism means before this incident , anyway , let alone whether to `` detest '' it or not . 
  improve democracy in the eu , the first thing being having the europarl form a government which proposes the legislation . 
  in addition , heavily reform the commission so that the commissioners are actual representatives of the national governments by re-appointing them each national election , or have them directly elected . 
  i also consider when the eu gets rid of the second seat of the european parliament as a litmus test for when the eu is starting to listen to the citizens . 
  i had absolutely no idea this was a thing that happens . 
  it looks like war-time rationing . 
  how do you even function ? 
  what desired effect do you think this proverbial kick would have , out of curiosity ? 
  every bloody time this happens nobody seems willing to give a list of the parties who voted for or against . 
  i 'm getting very irritated by how difficult it is to get this information . 
  yeah , it 's not often that this is the case , but it really is the proportion of the public who keep voting him in that should shoulder much of the blame . 
  / r/britishproblems / r/asksciencefiction / r/cats, 
  then that 's their choice and they can pretend that it 's due to their predominately muslim population all they want , but they ca n't honestly expect to get anywhere when they do n't recognise an eu member state . 
  at the very minimum , membership is a commitment of friendship and cooperation . 
  the human rights thing can be worked on , recognising cyprus is just a choice . 
  if they can not do that , they can not be an eu member without destroying what it means to be an eu member . 
  in a way she did . 
  jail time and a criminal record does n't do you any favours . 
  in the long term , yes . 
  federalism has worked for america and many other powerful nations around the world . 
  there is nothing wrong with it in principle . 
  however , the eu needs to earn the right to form such a federation by means of consent by the people , by demonstrating it is responsible enough to hold such a massive concentration of power . 
  considering that it is yet to abolish the second seat of the european parliament , i do not consider it responsible enough yet . 
  i 've said this somewhere else , but here 's how i think the european legislature should be : the european parliament as it stands is the lower house . 
  it is elected in the same way as before , but it is allowed to form a european government , which in turn elects an executive cabinet amongst themselves . 
  formally , it is where citizens give their voice via political parties . 
  the upper house ( which we may as well call the european commission ) , is a hybrid of the european council and the old commission . 
  these are where the national governments are represented . 
  each member state has 3 seats , and the governments of each state appoints them how they wish , and the commissioners are reappointed by each successive government . 
  the 3 seats mean that coalition governments can represent themselves more accurately . 
  i do n't think a directly elected european president is necessary , just have the `` prime minister '' in the ep be the head honcho of the eu . 
  call him the president if you want . 
  cake please :3, 
  oh , so it 's not a ban on porn at all . 
  the entire point of bans is that they are n't voluntary . 
  there is n't even anything to enforce . 
  welp , this was a waste of time . 
  go make a noise at your national government if they actually start doing anything . 
  question probably answered then . 
  i still do n't get what it is with belarus and opera . 
  that would easily violate freedom of speech laws , so i 'm finding it very difficult to imagine how it could be enforced or pass constitutional scrutiny . 
  what i 'm wondering about is ; who put that in there in the first place ? 
  i like the parliament , i think it 's a brilliant meeting point for political parties , and power is reasonably distributed according to population size . 
  why not have both and let them form a bi-cameral legislature , but with the parliament being the lower house ? 
  the european parliament forms a government which proposes the legislation ( and the parliament votes on it ) , and the european commission ( your appointed representatives for each state ) is the upper house who votes for or against the legislation . 
  to make the commission more democratic , and since there 's a lot of coalition governments , maybe each member state gets 3 representatives , the affiliation of which must be agreed upon by each national government . 
  after each national election , the representatives for that member state are re-appointed by the new national government . 
  3 % is still not a trivial fraction , but yes , you 're right . 
  still , that 's on top of the inequalities in existing member states too , such as romania , bulgaria , latvia and greece . 
  maybe turkey is just too big of a task for the eu right now . 
  does it have to be ratified by the existing schengen member states ? 
  if that 's so , schengen admission wo n't happen , which changes the game quite a lot . 
  romania and bulgaria could organise a uk/irish-style common travel area between them in the meantime , though . 
  if we want to achieve economic equality between countries , we 'd have to stop admitting new member states ( or rather , only states that do n't have similar economic conditions to the average eu country ) until the equality is achieved , a task that could take many , many decades . 
  as it stands , i do n't think the commission or parliament is willing to give up on the expansion policy just yet , there 's still a fair few countries which are considering membership . 
  if we keep on admitting more and more states , particularly less developed ones , then our `` inbox '' will grow at a larger rate than our `` outbox '' , an unsustainable situation . 
  i means you 're a democrat . 
  you believe in the representation of people in parliament ( given that a sizeable enough section of the public supports them ) even if you do n't agree with them .
