  not in that way , no , but i can imagine another push for a diplomatic reunification process happening . 
  oh , that 's interesting . 
  i imagine the s&d s would only support juncker if we got to a situation where there was no alternative , though . 
  they 've been pushing schultz hard , and i do n't think they 'd like the idea of voting for their main rival unless a deadlock loomed . 
  edit : hmm , i 'm not so sure about ecr though . 
  they * might * vote for juncker if the alternative is schultz , but you could get into game theory with this if the ecr makes the same calculation you did by refusing to support the epp and trying to force a grand coalition . 
  that way , they keep their hands clean from voting for a pseudo-federalist . 
  now ? 
  ever ? 
  the question is wrong . 
  obviously it should n't join now , but it could become a country that could be suitable to join in the future , but then we 'd be talking about two radically different turkeys . 
  nothing 's going to happen while cyprus is still occupied and erdogan controls the country , so we should talk about it when one or both of those things changes . 
  yeah , it 's a plurality , not a majority . 
  if the socalists get enough friends , they could still get schultz in , but they 're now at a disadvantage . 
  what with the whole hotly contested elections and ukip thing here i had forgotten that the nomination for the commission president is the next stage . 
  in a way i kind of want the council to nominate someone else as a sort of stress test of how democratic the parliament and the eu really is . 
  i want to see some unelected bureaucrat get rejected by the elected body , and then replaced by a true standing candidate that won the election . 
  yeah , they are . 
  cool . 
  :d i voted for the tories too , i think they 're the only ones with a morally sound european policy . 
  your flair and your description of voting for united kingdom parties has confused me . 
  yeah , it 's just sort of overcast right now . 
  must have petered out after the scorchers the past few days . 
  you suggested that too many groups would have an input and it would be unmanageable . 
  i responded by saying that that 's not a problem because the european parliament has good proportional representation and political diversity , so there is no need to cater to marginal groups that have n't secured enough votes to deserve to kill or pass the agreement . 
  compare to the us , where marginal groups ( e.g. 
  business interests ) have overinflated representation , as they sit within the two enormously powerful parties which would both need to agree because each holds majorities in either house in congress . 
  not really my problem that the us has a woefully undemocratic and dysfunctional political system in general . 
  all i can do anything about is lobbying to make the eu 's structure for these things is sufficiently democratic . 
  it 's up to american citizens to sort out their own side of the story , though frankly they generally do n't seem to care about it much . 
  if there 's no possibility of returning to the table , then we have a problem , but so far i 've yet to see evidence that that 's the case . 
  they do n't need to take account of everyone 's input , just the groups/parties necessary to get 50 % of the vote , which is probably one or two groups . 
  not that great , but then again i did take the earliest shift , and people tend to vote later in the day than earlier . 
  just got back from my telling shift . 
  good luck to everyone and make sure to vote if you can !, 
  good . 
  ukraine was a huge net loss for russia , i do n't think they 're going to try to repeat it . 
  turkey will never realise its potential while erdogan and the akp holds power . 
  but , for as long as turkey remains a democratic country , i put it to the turkish people to get rid of him and realise that potential . 
  seems odd that they ca n't just go back to the negotiating table with a list of conditions of support from party groups that said no . 
  so it 's voted on , then ? 
  and there 's a debate in parliament about whether or not to accept it ? 
  what 's the problem here ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  does n't it have to be voted on by both the eu and us legislatures anyway , which requires full disclosure ? 
  surely that , the subsequent elections and agreement revisions is where the scrutiny comes in ? 
  if that 's not how it works , then i apologise , but otherwise my `` baseless fearmongering '' sense is tingling . 
  no , that 's pretty much it . 
  the current far right existed far before the crimean crisis , it 's just a bit of opportunism . 
  yeah , but the problem would be that such an army would be utterly directionless and useless , or authoritarian and undemocratic . 
  there is no such thing as a european common foreign policy because the continent is utterly divided on the subject . 
  some countries ( uk , france ) are military interventionists . 
  others are committed neutral countries ( ireland , austria , sweden , finland ) . 
  others still only really care about defensive military ( baltic states , germany ) . 
  we can harp on about how it would be great if europe defended itself and its interests in a unified way , but that just ca n't happen , so we need to look at other options . 
  it 's a surprisingly effective strategy . 
  sounds like a good move to me . 
  if the parliament rubber stamps a commission president candidate that was n't a candidate proposed by the party groups , i will call for the dissolution of the eu , as it would mean that nigel farage was right all along . 
  please do n't let nigel farage be right all along . 
  i would n't live down the shame . 
  a grand coalition for the commission president does n't make sense . 
  there 's nothing in it for the smaller of the two big groups , they 're better off trying to form a coalition with the minor groups ( greens , lib dems , left ) to tip the balance in their favour . 
  after all , it 's a pure competition for a single seat , there 's no compromises to be made . 
  yes of course . 
  serbia 's famously vibrant lesbian and gay community , and conchinta wurst , the serbian-and-totally-not-austrian entry into eurovision . 
  if it really was god , then he 's got appalling aim . 
  yeah , but we 've got a * lot * of parties . 
  the ballot lists are getting quite long . 
  is that a bit like how croatian , bosnian and serbian are basically subtle variations on the same language ? 
  an eu capital district would be pretty nice . 
  as in , did i talk to them personally after the debate ? 
  yes , yes i did . 
  they 're very approachable people , although i guess it helped that there were no ukip meps in the room , who would likely argue that net neutrality should be legislated individually from the member states and not the eu . 
  there really not much disagreement on the matter in the european institutions , or really anywhere in europe , other than the very fine details . 
  there is a lot of paranoia about net neutrality , where every disagreement about a fine detail ( which has nothing to do with carriers charging different prices for different internet services ) is interpreted as an opposition to net neutrality as a whole . 
  hell , even disagreements about the roaming charges bill , which has nothing to do with net neutrality , is often interpreted as an opposition to net neutrality just because it 's in the same package of legislation . 
  it 's ridiculous , and people lap it up . 
  a week ago i attended a debate with some representatives of the conservatives , greens and lib dems , either sitting meps or candidates to be meps , and they were all in agreement that the fundamental principle of net neutrality being enshrined in eu law is a good thing . 
  i also believe labour supports it too . 
  i do n't think they 'll block it , that really does n't seem to be the political mood . 
  i think dailydot is just preying on the stereotype of the uk being naysayers . 
  gay marriage just is n't on the same level as ethnic segregation , it 's enormous hyperbole to say otherwise . 
  yes , pretty much . 
  i mean , it would never be set up in the same way , but that 's the fundamental principle . 
  a maximum of # 9000 , it varies from uni to uni . 
  for example the one i went to charges # 8000 . 
  i ca n't believe that i 'm arguing against a gay marriage law here , considering that i 'm a big proponent of the concept , but article 16 is intentionally worded so that it 's completely ambiguous regarding whether it supports gay marriage or not . 
  is it saying `` men and women '' exclusively marrying together , or is it saying `` men and women '' as being both bearers of these rights ? 
  the truth is that it 's both and neither . 
  it 's that way because the world is not united on the matter . 
  if men and women are born equal , can they not be referred differently in the laws , just as they are in article 16 ? 
  not everything that we think is right or good is necessarily a human right , it 's a more fundamental set of concepts on which laws are built on . 
  gay marriage is n't a human right , the legal equivalence of couples regardless of sexual orientation , sex or gender is a human right . 
  let 's enshrine that in eu law instead . 
  while i agree that gay marriage is a good thing , i do n't agree that the eu should enforce it . 
  europe has not come to a universal agreement on the matter , between east and west . 
  i 'd argue that the human rights come into allowing a gay couple to be able to have the same tax status as an equivalent married couple , but that 's what civil partnerships are . 
  treaty/constitutional reform , particularly a eurozone fiscal union . 
  energy , particularly with respect to russia . 
  improving political engagement and continuing democratisation of the commission for the 2019 election .
