  i think this is more of a case of closing a legal loophole before it causes something nasty than some kind of fundamental problem . 
  i went to a church of england independent school , with prayers at the start of the day , we were very much taught about darwinist evolution . 
  the closest to creationism that was taught was either in a religious education class as part of a set of different creation myths from different religions , or in a philosophy class exploring theistic evolution and how it relates to free will and the arguments for and against the existence of god . 
  philosophy was great , it really tore into christianity and built healthy skepticism . 
  in church , there 's more of a sense of god being the creator of time and space and causing the big bang , and merely being a soft touch guiding hand and guardian for the earth and humanity thereafter . 
  creationism just is n't that popular , even in the church . 
  i do n't think we need to prove anything to china , of all places . 
  i am a firm believer that in politics you should only pick the battles you at least stand a chance of winning . 
  cameron could have never won this fight . 
  what he should have done is accept that the lisbon treaty has given the ep power over him , and blame labour for not giving us a vote on it back when it was first proposed and claim it was insufficiently scrutinised , then vow that he would hold a referendum on the next treaty he plans to negotiate in 2017 . 
  i do n't think many would disagree with me when i say blair was an idiot and we should disregard his advice , let alone treat him as the voice of the uk today . 
  we should have this discussion again . 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
  hehe yep . 
  it also does n't help that the 4 countries usually compete independently in sports . 
  can confirm . 
  there used to be an id card scheme that was being set up a decade ago , but people massively protested it so it was scrapped . 
  that just sounds really really difficult to pull off . 
  at least with the us , it 's one country negotiating at a federal level . 
  good luck with it , but i 'm not optimistic . 
  yes , the bbc . 
  obviously true neutrality is not possible , but it 's close enough to do a massive service for both the uk and the world . 
  kind of a worthless thing to say if it 's not coming from finnish officials . 
  if i lived there , i would not be comfortable . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  it 's going to be schultz and someone else from the epp again . 
  this is n't a slight on vehofstadt himself , but i do n't think it 's right to give alde positions like that if they 're not doing well electorally . 
  last i heard they 're set to become the fourth group behind the conservatives , so if anything * they * should get the position . 
  it might be a good reflection on the fact that the parliament is now more euroskeptic than before , and the conservatives are a good mid-point between the pro- and anti- european sentiment . 
  i think we 've got enough skeletons in our closet to utterly destroy the closet from within and start nuclear fusion under the sheer mass of the bones . 
  there 's too many to list . 
  new zealandish and south african . 
  my dialect is norfolk , uk , although i know a fair few south african people . 
  interesting . 
  yay . 
  vatican city . 
  fewest number of deaths . 
  pity about the art , though . 
  there 's a few ways of doing it , really . 
  one is to make a fundamentally separate institution for a federal european parliament and government , but keep the existing one as is , transferring the political union affairs to the , uh , `` congress '' , and keeping the economic union affairs in the eu . 
  another way , what this manifesto is alluding to , would be to build it within the eu . 
  have the federal representatives be able to vote on everything , but have non-federal representatives only be able to vote on issues relating to the economic union . 
  gosh , i do n't often say this , but that detailed analysis changed my opinion entirely . 
  i was on the fence before , but now i 'm sure to oppose it !, 
  / s seriously , what is it about ttip which makes people so immature and act in ways which encourages people to avoid associating with them , thereby reducing opposition ? 
  interesting !, 
  alas , everybody always ignores the quiet reformists in favour of focusing on the racists and neo-nazis . 
  the eu is utterly extraordinary . 
  it makes me wonder if any of the other continents will one day follow the same path that europeans pioneered , or maybe the european union will be the only union of its kind in human history . 
  for the record , i 'm a big fan of the two-tier europe plan . 
  the two-tier europe is a pretty popular and common idea . 
  the inner tier will be countries would form a true federation ( i.e. 
  the eurozone countries ) , and the outer tier ( i.e. 
  non-eurozone countries ) will be individually sovereign but part of the single market like they are now . 
  i did say they were natural partners , so this does n't come as a surprise . 
  on a side note , i wonder how big that makes ecr ? 
  they made a lot of friends this month . 
  it 's not going to work . 
  ukipers are not going to be impressed by cameron arguing for the status quo . 
  to be fair , his name is on the ballot papers in witney , and i think the eu would do well to restrict commission presidents to meps only in the future . 
  while i do n't agree with the nonsense about the commission president ( turning unelected bureaucrats into elected ones is a good thing imo ) , i do think it 's good that eu reform is now being taken seriously . 
  those 4 together make for quite an influential team . 
  to be fair , tony blair was right to block verhodstadt in favour of barosso because the hard-federalist lib dems were and are still a tiny minority grouping , compared to the epp 's dominance of the parliament . 
  however , i do agree that cameron is wasting his time trying to fight a battle he is destined to lose . 
  non-inscrits ca n't get committee representation , and it looks bad on ukip if they ca n't get friends in europe . 
  i ca n't seem to find what the funding is for political groups , though , if any . 
  what would really be the consequences of finland joining nato ? 
  i ca n't imagine russia actually being able to do anything about it . 
  yeah , i think they have to constitutionally abide by it within three years . 
  this is a problem that is on the horizon but has n't happened quite yet . 
  how can a party be so disjointed that it is courting both the greens and efd ? 
  wait , does n't that mean that they 'll fall below the threshold ? 
  i thought if any group was going to kill off efd , it would be the new nationalist group , and not the conservatives . 
  hah , it looks like ukip 's being sidelined . 
  forgive my ignorance , but if deflation is such a problem , why ca n't they just print money ? 
  not only does it mean they get free money , they fix a looming problem at the same time . 
  i think it can , with the dividing line being members that have joined the euro and members that have not . 
  the euro has made it necessary for more centralised control over fiscal policy of members of the eurozone , more effectively preventing mismanagement of each nation 's budgets . 
  however , the non-eurozone countries do n't require and would n't benefit from such controls or centralisation , and do n't have any financial obligation to support eurozone countries unless they wish to . 
  therefore there needs to be a body that actually manages the budgets of the eurozone countries which excludes eu members outside it . 
   `` well , a policy of expansionism and conquest has no future in the modern world . 
  we 're confident that russia can and should be a partner with its traditional allies , in the broad sense , now and also in the future . '', 
  really , putin ? 
  really ? 
  the plan is 2017 , if a bill can be passed in this parliament or the next and it is n't repealed . 
  lithuania will do fine in the euro . 
  it 's a relatively poor country , and eventually if there 's a fiscal union , lithuania will probably end up as a net recipient . 
  the choice is an obscure and weak currency that only covers an obscure part of the world ( sorry lithuanians ) , or a really strong currency that will likely come with additional benefits down the road . 
  of course , this is basically the opposite to the situation that the uk is in with respect to the euro . 
  `` no '' - britain, 
  it 's not going to brussels , it would n't have anything to do with the eu . 
  the uk and france keep the seat , they just share it between them , and eventually allow more members to join . 
  i think we 'll probably end up having to build a separate military union , because a few eu countries are neutral and have no desire to change that in the short term . 
  i reckon a good start would be if the uk and france got the ball rolling . 
  combine our permanent un security council seats and our nato memberships , and we 'll add eu members who wish to join , but with a stricter enforcement on military spending than nato . 
  i do n't want to see freeloaders if we 're going to do this properly . 
  it 's worth noting with respect to monarchies that the reason we still give the job to the queen is that it does n't give the queen any ability to actually influence who the final government is , even though at first glance it appears the opposite . 
  if she picks the wrong person who ca n't secure a majority , she has to pick again , and again if need be , until she gets it right or it becomes evident that no government is possible . 
  since the council 's role in this instance is similar to a head of state , they likewise have no real say in who the commission president is for as long as the majority of parliament support the spitzenkandidat * system , and refuse to elect anyone else . 
  it 's been quite a rude awakening that the heads of state and government have lost control of the most powerful position in europe .
