  * how much can the u.s. insulate itself from the consequences of europe 's sovereign debt crisis and to what extent should the u.s. government agree to work with european allies to find a solution ? 
  there is nothing stopping it from doing so to a reasonably large degree , but that 's not an approach that is particularly beneficial to the us . 
  the balance of the world economy is changing and the us can no longer act so much like a self-reliant superpower . 
  closer ties with europe is the best chance it has to compete with the rising economic power of china , india and brazil . 
  europe is the us 's most valuable ally , we share many ideals and our collective power is very significant . 
  i definitely think a us-eu free trade agreement is a good area to work on . 
  * should u.s. banking regulators discourage american banks and money market funds from investing in europe ( to limit exposure to potential losses on european investments ) ? 
  are banks not able to work that kind of thing out on their own ? 
  to generalise it to an entire continent is uncompetitive and would miss opportunities that would be successful . 
  that 's bad for both of our economies . 
  it 's as if we told our banks to invest in anything chinese , no matter how absurd , just because china is being relatively successful right now . 
  so no , america should not discourage investment in `` europe '' . 
  it should discourage investment in bad investments . 
  * should the u.s. government encourage its european allies to hold together the single european currency or should it encourage failing countries like greece to leave the euro ? 
  the opportunity to encourage greece to leave the eurozone without significant losses passed at least a year ago . 
  the loans have been made , greece has been bailed out , life will have to go on . 
  at this point , the us should encourage that the currency stays together and that the eurozone hurries up in getting a fiscal union pact going . 
  the rest of the questions i do n't feel confident to answer . 
  i hope that helps !, 
  bear in mind that i 'm british , so my point of view is not necessarily the same as someone who actually lives in the eurozone . 
  you * need * workers ? 
  holy shit , where do i sign ? 
  so ... am i to expect a bill coming up about it any time soon ? 
  romanian politics is n't my strongest point . 
  yeah , no . 
  wait until the 21st century is nearly over before making that kind of judgement . 
  i do n't like patriotism where it 's not warranted . 
  thanks ollie . 
  in other news , the pope declares support for catholicism , a recent study provides evidence that bears prefer wooded areas for the purpose of defecation , and mathematicians give their assurances that 1 +1 will continue to equal 2 until further notice . 
  now here 's ollie with the weather . 
  seriously , this means absolutely nothing , of course secularists would want that , it 's what secularism means . 
  what 's the public support for secularist groups looking in romania ? 
  is this an important issue amongst romanians ? 
  then why not have a free vote , where there 's an agreement to have no party whips but the full results are still broadcasted ? 
  the uk government just had one not to long ago on gay marriage and that worked pretty well . 
  i think i understand the root of the problem now . 
  the reason why we have this impossible situation is because it 's the national governments who make the budget , who are then incentivised to use any matching party meps they have to protect their own decision . 
  they have their hands in the process twice , so each side ( the council and the parliament ) protects the other instead of protecting what the parties actually stand for . 
  take the french socialists . 
  they really would n't approve of a real terms budget cut , but hollande agreed to it in the negotiations in the end . 
  in a basic parliamentary vote with whips , they 'd be forced to vote against their ideology , just so they do n't compromise themselves at a national level . 
  the answer is to let the meps be the people who negotiate the budget and effectively form a government , at least as far as the budget is concerned . 
  as an added side effect , the public would have a much better reason to go out and vote in the european elections . 
  sorry , yes , i replied before you added that second sentence three posts up . 
  please refer to my edit . 
  a. . . general election ? 
  that 's only to stop the people being intimidated or blackmailed by the political parties . 
  politicians are n't allowed secret ballots because them being intimidated by the public into voting how the public wants is entirely a desirable thing and is the point of democracy . 
  edit : ah , i replied before you added that second sentence in . 
  a leadership election you mean . 
  yeah , again , that 's to stop the voters being intimidated . 
  honestly , in the case of the europarl , you ca n't shut out the influence of the parties without shutting out the influence of the public , and that is a weakness of the system , but to have a secret ballot throws the baby out with the bathwater . 
  if you shut out the public there is no point of the european parliament in the first place . 
  could you rephrase that first sentence ? 
  i think you messed up the syntax and i 'm not entirely sure what you 're saying . 
  what 's a personal election ? 
  google 's not coming up with anything . 
  cameron is `` mad '' because the concept of parliamentarians hiding their votes from the public is considered ideologically abhorrent not just from a uk conservative standpoint , but broadly across the political spectrum in the uk and i would hope across the european public too . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  the main reason why i 'm so angry is because i love the idea of the european parliament . 
  demographically , it 's one of the most diverse parliaments in the world , and it 's the meeting point of thousands of years worth of political party history . 
  there 's pan-european coalitions , and complex alliance networks that would never otherwise happen . 
  the europarl is conceptually * cool * , and it 's the place to start to make the eu a respected institution amongst those who believe in democracy . 
  to hear that they have a mechanism that breaks one of the principle tenets of democracy , that of the informed public , is heartbreaking . 
  yes you did . 
  could you start by explaining why you think the secret ballot mechanism decreases the democratic deficit instead of increasing it ? 
  in a secret ballot the total `` yes '' , `` no '' and `` abstain '' numbers are given out . 
  what 's hidden is who voted for what . 
  i have no idea what you just said . 
  it 's common sense that i ca n't believe is even a point of contention . 
  no politician should * ever * be able to hide their parliamentary votes from the public record . 
  will be able to see which meps vote to have a secret ballot ? 
  okay , what the hell . 
  so , if it does n't pass , i will have absolutely no idea who was responsible . 
  i thought this was just a fringe idea that ukip was blowing up disproportionally . 
  this is the kind of shit that is why the eu has a democratic deficit . 
  i think that 's what 's generally happening . 
  you know perfectly well that there 's no bread-based contaminants in my owl feces . 
  it 's always a good development to see talks being unblocked , but that does n't mean that turkey should be a member right now . 
  there 's still far too many issues that make the country currently incompatible with membership , particularly the cypriot question . 
  please shut up . 
  you 're embarrassing us . 
  gosh , i wonder where on earth they could have gotten to ? 
  would i be right in assuming it would redirect to your national emergency number if it is n't 112 already ? 
  it would be more like a particularly ambitious federation than anything , but yeah , it would be a little bit creepy . 
  there are so many logistical and political problems with russia joining that it just feels silly thinking about it . 
  that kind of territory is on the scale of empires at their peak . 
  i get it does n't mean much in practical terms , but in an instinctual way it 's an awe-inspiring fraction of the surface of the earth . 
  i fail to see why this is news . 
  no , i did n't think it was some whim . 
  i was wondering if they 'd accept it for precisely the reasons you gave . 
  i do n't think merkel is the kind of person who would find hollande 's behaviour tolerable . 
  fact is , they are on opposite sides of the spectrum and pure ideological differences were going to surface eventually . 
  if this is the start of a more solid anglo-german partnership in europe , i 'm all for it . 
  that 's ... that 's adorable . 
  germany cares about the dutch-german football rivalry , iirc . 
  i do n't know if the dutch do . 
  this is very good news , happened much sooner than i expected , but i wonder if the europarl will accept it . 
  not enough to exercise their democratic rights to try to change it , evidently . 
  it 's always interesting to see a news article reporting on the same subject from the opposite side of the debate .
