  `` mmm , it has a slight aroma of kiddie pool . '', 
  thanks , i did n't think it did . 
  after all , if it did , it would probably be a pretty big talking point in places like reddit that pales in comparison to the whole washed eggs thing . 
  ugh , the quality of journalism is so frustrating sometimes . 
  do n't we swim in chlorinated water ? 
  surely if it caused cancer how come nobody 's freaking out about swimming right now ? 
  and does american chicken actually taste of chlorine ? 
  you know what , i 'm getting fed up of the fearmongering . 
  it 's making an actual informed critical eye on ttip near-impossible . 
  i reckon the tories are , ironically , the best chance we have to stay in europe in the long term . 
  labour wo n't hold a referendum so they 'll give ukip ever more momentum and make people on the fence even more irritated that they are n't being allowed a vote on the matter . 
  it 's a bit like how spain blocking catalonia 's independence vote has actually fuelled the independence movement . 
  honestly , i 'm no muslim , but i do n't think that 's the case with hijabs . 
  that 's the kind of assertion that needs proof , and even then it 's most efficiently corrected with education . 
  these head items ( hijab , niqab , burqa ) should only be banned on the justification of banning * all * religious symbols , which is itself a bit excessive with the secularism , or banning face coverings , which the hijab is n't . 
  honestly , we should be encouraging the hijab as an open option for muslim women if we are to restrict or ban much more socially oppressive things like niqabs or burqas . 
  the last thing we need is to oppress muslims for making a choice which actually does n't harm society in any meaningful way . 
  depends on what the clauses are . 
  devil 's in the details . 
  meh , they should do it and get this over with . 
  it would kill all the leverage they have , as well as destabilising their own country while the eu will be able to find alternatives . 
  exactly . 
  if it does n't come up to scratch , it will be rejected by either the european or national parliaments . 
  democracy and transparency wins . 
  this kind of thing happening is why i do n't buy the conspiracy theories about ttip . 
  these free trade agreements will be fairly debated and analysed and * will * be modified if one of the parties are n't happy . 
  that 's what russia gets for not working towards eu membership then . 
  their loss . 
  haha , i actually spotted the serbia and montenegro before the united ireland . 
  you just defeated your own argument then . 
  the geographic issue only really applies when the country is too far away from existing eu countries to benefit from trading with the single market . 
  turkey is contiguous with existing eu member states bulgaria and greece ( as well as being very near to cyprus ) , so there is no problem there . 
  it 's not about a country technically not being in `` europe '' . 
  the cyprus dispute is the primary issue , followed closely by erdogan 's reluctance to align with eu core values . 
  this is a really old thing , way before legislation . 
  parent groups lobbied the phone companies for it , and they got it . 
  it 's really simple to turn it off though , it does n't bother me . 
  alternatively you can continue to be outraged on our behalf without considering what we think about it . 
  to be fair , quite a lot of other conservative parties were willing to sit with the tories instead of the epp . 
  the ecr is now the third biggest group . 
  there is a very real division between the centre-right parties when it comes to the eu , we can no longer dismiss the reformists as a fringe grouping . 
  i 've also seen the [ nato flag ] ( http://www.printableworldflags.com/large-flags/nato_nato_flag-525.gif ) and the georgian flag too . 
  this looks like a combination of a lot of groups . 
  ... was this really necessary ? 
  it 's not like you need to sell someone money . 
  canada 's the smart choice , in my opinion . 
  a better fit than , say , turkey , anyway . 
  that 's fair enough . 
  we have the odd channel in scottish gaelic and welsh ourselves . 
  honestly , i do n't care enough when there 's a perfectly good and much nicer looking alternative that still represents me . 
  no , it 's not really something that happens here , we have a pretty solid system . 
  representatives from the candidate parties and campaigns can watch the counting on the other side of the table and collate rough figures of the votes to compare . 
  we sometimes point out if an errant vote accidentally gets in the wrong pile , too . 
  i did it myself in the last european elections , and i really could not see a way to rig it , there 's far too many people from different political sides watching . 
  we 've done the democracy game for far too long to let rigging happen at the counting tables . 
  unilateral currency adoption is expensive ( you 'd have to have a big reserve of pounds in the bank which you could n't spend ) and the sort of thing that you 'd expect from former yugoslavia or african countries , not highly developed and stable western european countries . 
  it 's not such a great advertisement for investment . 
  it could very much be done , but sacrifices would have to be made . 
  if such a thing were to hypothetically happen , i think we 'd still see a lot of breakdowns of old countries to stand as separate states within a european federation . 
  i was fat because exercise is time-consuming when there are lots of sedentary ( and frankly more enjoyable ) alternative entertainment around . 
  now i 've had free time and did a run or gym each day , i 've lost a lot of weight , even though i did n't change my eating habits much . 
  in my experience , it 's not really a food thing at all , so long as you 're eating within reason . 
  it 's primarily an exercise thing , and the public attitude towards as it as something some people do as a hobby instead of something everybody should be doing every day is the main problem . 
  walking and running and biking should n't be the domain of clubs , it should be part of daily life . 
  problem is that the st george 's cross is often associated with far-right groups , so english people like me use the union jack . 
  sounds fun !, 
  i 'm english and live in east anglia , i 'm against scottish independence , but i 'm highly interested and supportive of the rise of english regional devolution and british federalism , which is coming out in reaction to the promises made for increased autonomy in scotland by the `` no '' campaign . 
  does n't look like the kremlin is laughing at eu sanctions now . 
  looks like lega nord . 
  a weird combination of relatively sensible italian regionalism and hard-right populism . 
  they 're one of the parties that tried and failed to make a nationalist 8th group in the european parliament alongside marine le pen 's front national , and geert wilder 's party for freedom . 
  a waste of an otherwise reasonable idea for italy 's future , those lot . 
  it means `` for the queen to give assent for such a clause '' . 
  it 's not unconstitutionality in the usual sense , it 's just the best word i can come up with to describe it . 
  no problem !, 
  ok , so you 're right that we have no constitution , and we do n't do things like strike down laws as unconstitutional . 
  that 's a sensible way to run a country and we are far too silly for that sort of thing . 
  however , the queen 's roles as queen of the united kingdom and as the lord of mann ( the title of the head of state of the isle of man , and yes , it 's lord , not lady ) are separate , much like how the `` queen of canada '' is a separate title , even though it 's all held by the same person . 
  the queen 's titles basically * are * the constitution . 
  this is why we have to say that the isle of man is not part of the united kingdom at all , whereas most other countries would call them `` special territories '' or `` autonomous republics '' within their country . 
  for the queen to declare that the isle of man is part of the united kingdom in any way gives westminster undue jurisdiction over them . 
  royal assent is , in the modern day , a check that a parliament is making a request that applies to the territory it has been assigned to and no further . 
  the queen is not a completely submissive figure , it 's just that nobody has the balls to manoeuvre her into a position that she actually has to say no and assert her authority . 
  it 's possible to delve too deep into that question because westminster can not technically legislate for the uk on its own , it needs royal assent , but that is always given by convention . 
  anyway , westminster does actually have the power to add a clause to an act to `` extend '' it to the crown dependencies . 
  it 's unusual , but not unheard of . 
  however , for such a clause to be constitutional , the dependencies in question are consulted at the earliest possible time while the bill is under consideration and they have to agree to the extension for it to legally apply to them . 
  there is no convention that says that they have to necessarily agree , and may kill the extension before it comes into law . 
  so , no , westminster can not legislate for the crown dependencies without their express permission , and usually does not do so , but there is a system in place to make a quick pseudo-treaty that applies to both the uk and the dependencies . 
  the rule of thumb is for crown dependencies such as the isle of man is that for internal affairs they are like tiny independent states , but for external affairs , they are represented by ( but are not inherently part of ) the united kingdom . 
  so , their embassies and un seats and defence is a tiny part of the united kingdom 's embassies and un seats and defence . 
  however , the united kingdom can not make laws or change taxes for the isle of man , they do that themselves . 
  the standard operating procedure for most comparisons is treat them as independent countries that are too shy to go to the un alone . 
  the commission 's job is n't to represent citizens . 
  otherwise they 'd be directly elected . 
  they are simply a team of people commissioned by the national governments to generally run the eu . 
  we could go on at length about what they should be , but let 's not kid ourselves about what their current designated purpose is . 
  i , and probably most people , use different rules for different things . 
  for food , generally the closer the better , almost always buy meat from british or irish farms . 
  technology is a globally developed thing and buying on regional grounds does n't make sense , i just get the best i can .
