  i agree with you . 
  i think presidential systems in general are a bad idea and if you 're going to have a president they should be largely ceremonial like ireland , but putting that aside i think the french has the best voting system for a single-winner election . 
  it ca n't , actually . 
  such a move requires a 2/3rds majority in the house of commons . 
  up the blues !, 
  down with the greens !, 
  i reckon so . 
  we 'd still identify them in one post , so an american flair would be redundant . 
  texas would be nice to go to if i had n't heard scary things about it . 
  most of them probably are n't true though . 
  i can feel the vitamin d deficiency coming on already . 
  ugh , go away blair . 
  you 've had your time , go retire or something . 
  having a `` europe day '' transnational holiday would be fun . 
  the daily mail would explode . 
  `` germany follows poland and portugal in quitting eurovision , says `` it always was a silly contest '' '' ruh-roh raggy . 
  private sector retracting  less tax revenue  less government ability to spend . 
  it 's unfortunate , but how can it be any other way ? 
  it 's just logic . 
  thanks for that . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced by the arguments , but that does n't answer your original question . 
  here 's my 3 theories : a ) he was helping america , was the uk pm , and did not inconvenience any country with influence or friends in the un . 
  therefore , nobody sufficiently powerful made the accusation that would actually land him in the hague . 
  b ) he left power to gordon brown well before anything spicy turned up against him , but stayed in politics sufficiently that arresting him would send the `` political suppression '' alarms wailing . 
  only when the calls were quietening down was when he really extracted himself . 
  blair was masterful at political manoeuvring . 
  c ) he 's simply got friends in high places in a very politically stable country , where the public is unlikely to get stirred enough to bring about enough force to do the deed , short of stupid stunts by individuals . 
  it 's hard to make the case for arresting him without people accusing you of being a particularly vindictive tory . 
  make what you will of them . 
  i 'm not talking in cultural or ethnic terms !, 
  this is a geo-political issue , so we 're talking in geo-political terms . 
  i am telling you that * geo-politically * the term `` irish '' is meaningless and you are labouring under the delusion that there is one that can be defined . 
  both factions are non-trivial , both could do serious damage to each other in a conflict . 
  both factions * have * done serious damage to each other in a conflict . 
  i 'm sorry to burst your bubble like this , but as far as politics is concerned , there is no such thing as the irish nation . 
  there is the republic , there is northern ireland . 
  they have different ideas over who should govern them . 
  all nations are compromises created to end violence . 
  that 's always been the case . 
  besides , if the world had a straight vote on the matter of governance , we 'd all be run by the chinese communist party . 
  that does n't make it right . 
  eh , i hate him as a politician for sucking up to the us ( and as it turns out , romania ) , but what do you think he should be charged for ? 
  this is me confessing my ignorance of the details than anything , i was too young at the time to completely understand what went on after 9/11 . 
  people say he should be tried for war crimes , but which one in particular ? 
  the people of ireland are not a united people . 
  the term `` people of ireland '' used in geo-political terms is meaningless . 
  it 's like the `` people of africa '' or the `` people of the middle east '' . 
  they have different allegiances , and northern ireland is large enough to sustain itself as a country of the union . 
  it 's also large and militant enough to cause serious damage should the roi try to occupy it . 
  hence , partition . 
  nations are n't neat and tidy , especially the ones with a history of occupying others like the uk was . 
  northern ireland seems to be increasingly happy with being in the union , and ireland is divided because the people of northern ireland hold different political allegiances than the rest of ireland . 
  since the region is large enough to sustain itself as a country , partition is the obvious choice . 
  seriously , if nationalists got the majority in northern irish assembly , then they can have their referendum and they can go off to join the republic of ireland . 
  it 's their choice and you have no right to take that away from them . 
  oh great , another reason to hate tony blair . 
  obviously , it depends entirely on the degree of austerity . 
  countries that have enjoyed an economic boom will be greatly incentivised to structurally improve itself if a small amount of austerity is imposed , but past a threshold ( which varies according to the pre-existing structure of said country ) this is n't really possible and services are impacted . 
  or we could just leave it as a black and white thing and argue all day . 
  i would have thought it was obvious that i 'm talking about the uk being alone in its stance with the then proposed budget . 
  turns out we 're part of a larger bloc within the eu that agrees with us . 
  this completely contradicts the popular opinion on / r/europe that the uk was the only one who was holding the budget from proceeding on austerity grounds . 
  if anybody 's being juvenile , it was the people who tried to beat us into submission by way of divide and conquer . 
  the whole bloody point is that we 're * not * the only sane one in the room . 
  quit your denial and accept it so we can move on from this mess . 
  it 's funny how the european news seems to have downright censored how the whole `` real terms cut '' came to be . 
  cameron has only ever wanted a freeze , it 's how he voted in the uk parliament regarding the matter . 
  however , he lost the vote when the opposition labour party demanded a real terms cut alongside with some tory rebel backbenchers . 
  he now has to represent the uk parliament and demand something he does n't personally believe in , and i suspect that labour only voted this way to be dicks and force him into this situation . 
  the right is split , it 's just that the anti-eu right has secured the title of `` political flavor of the month '' so you rarely hear about the pro-eu right which i personally subscribe to . 
  ugh , no , why is it so difficult for people at the eu to understand how to do democracy properly ? 
  it 's composed of democratic countries !, 
  i want the top representative of the eu either elected directly by the people or to be a `` prime minister '' of the european parliament . 
  until we 've actually got a sensible and representative system going on at the eu , it does n't deserve a un security council seat . 
  $ 500 is a preposterous amount of money to have on a single note . 
  why ? 
  now we 've been proven right you do n't want us to talk about it ? 
  the matter 's been settled , the uk is not alone in the eu and this is definitive proof . 
  this fact actually makes me much more confident in the moral integrity of the eu , if anything . 
  now let 's get some compromises going . 
  i hope that people here will now accept that it 's not the case of the uk `` holding everyone else back '' in light of this . 
  i 'm probably being a bit too optimistic though . 
  great britain 's technically the largest geographic island within the uk . 
  the united kingdom 's the country with four nations ( also known as countries ! ), 
  within . 
  honestly , it does n't matter . 
  the whole `` composite country '' thing is more of a curiosity than anything , few of us actually care about the terminology so long as you do n't call the uk `` england '' or something . 
  does anyone actually powerful listen to * any * mep ? 
  i find that 's a problem in itself . 
  you 're right though about the name . 
  it 's sad , he makes very convincing arguments for fixing the eu , but then falsely concludes that they 're arguments for the uk leaving the eu . 
  funnily enough there 's more nations in the world than the us , uk , germany , palestine and israel to choose from , despite what reddit would have you believe . 
  nothing wrong with that so long as you learn !, 
  the official term is the `` primacy of the commons '' , the house of commons being the elected chamber . 
  well , they decided on their voting system , which clearly is designed to resist change unless it 's overwhelming . 
  `` female bishops '' is basically the legalese term . 
  it 's unambiguous , but it 's cold and blunt , and nobody of any social class really calls it that in casual conversation . 
   eu diplomats insisted a deal can be done if mr cameron is prepared to compromise a little . 
  considering that parliament demanded a real terms cut , a freeze * is * a compromise . 
  if that 's the case , then bjarkebjarke really should pay much more attention to his wording .
