  huh , i always thought it was because of your crazy day-night cycles especially in mid-winter , i never had it associated with religion in the back of my mind . 
  apparently i learned something new today . 
  varies from state to state , but the idea is that it prevents people ( usually opposition politicians ) from litigating politicians frivolously and repeatedly in order to prevent their right to attendance or speech in the legislature and thereby influence legislation in an undemocratic way . 
  you also have situations where heads of state can grant pardons , so they essentially are the law unless they give permission to be prosecuted . 
  in that situation the prosecutions normally stack up during their term and can usually be enacted once they cease to be head of state . 
  i thought the nordic countries were some of the most depressed countries in europe ? 
  how can that match up ? 
  edit : apparently it 's a myth !, 
  learn something new every day . 
  actually , yeah , that 's a pretty fair assessment . 
  i 'm with you on that one . 
  i did n't say they were russian . 
  if they were , then there was ample opportunity to make them part of the russian sfsr when the soviet union was still strong . 
  i 'm just saying that they 're really their own thing in a post-soviet era . 
  i 'm not sure if there was a better course of action when maidan was already underway . 
  the moment when the association agreement was due to be signed unknowingly tipped a balance somewhere in the ukrainian political system , and one thing came after another like dominoes . 
  i really do n't wish to offend here , but am i right in thinking that south ossetia ( as well as abkhazia ) has never really been georgian instead of their own thing ? 
  it just seems like this is a product of the misguided idea that the borders of the ussr were serviceable as the borders of independent states . 
  the autonomous oblasts were run by the assumption that the russian sfsr and the georgian ssr were in union and that control of these regions could never come anywhere but ultimately from moscow . 
  at this point i think georgia 's best option is to accept that the war is lost and try to use the more unified population of georgia proper to go for broke and get into nato and the eu . 
  at the very least they can have that victory . 
  i mean by population , not geography , which is what counts when apportioning seats . 
  google tells me that iceland has about 320k people while malta has about 420k . 
  ah , that is a special exception because it has its own political system . 
  the general rule holds up everywhere else , and iceland has no analogous special region like that . 
  yup . 
  i 'd say point 2 is obvious as well . 
  it would be the smallest country in the eu , it goes without saying that they 'd be a single constituency . 
  considering that there would only be 6 seats , any division of that would n't resemble a proportional election , which is against the rules . 
  they 're dressing it up as neutral , but there 's little difference between that and a pro-eu party . 
  yes . 
  the euroskeptic government parties promised a referendum on stopping the accession process to the eu . 
  once elected , they did n't bother with the referendum and tried to pass it through the al\u00feingi , and when that failed the foreign minister just declared unilaterally that iceland was withdrawing its candidacy , which i 'm almost certain is unconstitutional . 
  cue big protests . 
  i think the proposal is just for british ( and perhaps irish ) citizens . 
  my ideal is that the eu as a whole should join the anglosphere free-movement party . 
  the commonwealth is a massive array of very very different countries . 
  we have more in common with mainland europe than most of them , but canada , australia and new zealand are exceptions . 
  hate to say it , and i like the eu , but the eu is going to have a hard time competing with countries which are culturally , ethnically and economically similar to us and who share a common language . 
  hell , we even have the same monarch . 
  my ideal is a comprehensive eea-style agreement with the eu and canada/australia/new zealand . 
  the collapse of the euro ( which a grexit makes quite likely ) would be the single largest economic disaster for us in history . 
  what on earth makes you think that it 's not in our interest for the euro to succeed ? 
  copypasta is the term for blocks of text that are often shared repeatedly all over the internet ( `` copy '' + `` paste '' = `` copypasta '' ) . 
  they 're usually funny stories , surreal monologues that build up ridiculous characters , or hilarious online conversations , and are frequently referenced as in-jokes . 
  `` remove kebab '' is all about a barely literate serbian who is raging against everybody , but ca n't throw together much of a coherent sentence :  remove kebab remove kebab you are worst turk . 
  you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell . 
  return to croatioa . 
  to our croatia cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , bosnia we will never forgeve you . 
  cetnik rascal fuck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare . . turk genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead turk . . ahahahahahbosnia we will get you !!, 
  do not forget ww2 . albiania we kill the king , albania return to your precious mongolia ... . hahahahaha idiot turk and bosnian smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove kebab from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  russia + usa + croatia + slovak = kill bosnia ... you will ww2 / tupac alive in serbia , tupac making album of serbia . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink turk ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt tupac alive numbr one # 1 in serbia ... . fuck the croatia , . . fuckk ashol turks no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk farm aminal with rap magic now we the serba rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and bosnia wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  serbia greattst countrey other famous copypastas include `` navy seal '' and `` t3h pengu1n of d00m '' , which can be easily found with google because i do n't want to overwhelm with walls of text more than i already have . 
  yup . 
  i do n't think people quite understand how dispersed and unobtrusive the refugees would be if we shared the load fairly . 
  everybody seems be in love with a borderless and open europe most of the time , but suddenly when the brown people are on the table and the solution involved sharing refugees more fairly , suddenly everybody seems very keen to throw up barbed wire fences across the continent and dump the problem on the border states which need genuine help . 
  / r/europe just seems to have this racist alter-ego which threads like this seems to trigger . 
  it will switch right back in the next thread . 
  in a nutshell , yeah . 
  yep , though only by a couple percentage points margin . 
  i think bosniaks could teach the rest of the world a lot about islam in modern society . 
  [ i think you mean iceland . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iceland ) that off-centre cross shape common to other countries in the region is called the nordic cross and symbolises their shared heritage . 
  identifying european flags is a handy skill , though there is a lot of them nowadays . 
  feel free to ask which ones you do n't know . 
  * exhales * i have mixed feelings . 
  relieved for stability in europe , but mildly irritated that this bastard is still in charge . 
  the old-timeyness of this map is very fitting . 
  i do n't think it 's so much about supporting accession to the eu , but that the government broke its promise to have a referendum on the question . 
  your guess is as good as mine . 
  i 'm concerned , this is not good news . 
  if putin really is gone and it was n't through peaceful means , then we 're about to enter a very unstable chapter of history . 
  there are people in russia who are far worse than putin who would relish at the thought of filling such an enormous power vacuum . 
  bear in mind that russia still has nuclear capability . 
  on the other hand , he still could just have a bad case of the sniffles . 
  only words and whispers , many of which are likely to be the product of over-active imaginations . 
  the assassination of boris nemstov is still fresh in people 's minds . 
  from what i can tell , putin has n't been seen in public for a week , and there 's some unusual activity happening in moscow , and now this . 
  people are putting the dots together and saying that something bad has happened to putin , but who knows . 
  i think we should encourage this sort of thing more , just like the case of the holocaust denier offering money for definitive proof of it and having to pay up . 
  when someone puts their money where their mouth is , it 's a fair play . 
  the courts guarantee that they ca n't renege on a legitimate claim on their bets . 
  * island hug * in other news i just noticed how similar our flags are . 
  opposing eu membership is at the end of the day a constitutionally acceptable thing . 
  what is n't cool is bypassing the normal democratic processes to get your wishes implemented . 
  doing it by a vote in parliament is a bare minimum , this really deserves a referendum . 
  iceland * really * needs to get its act together , i 'm becoming very unimpressed by its politics . 
  either that , or the citizens needs to give the government parties a really good kicking in 2017 . 
  i think that the ec is probably going to keep them logged as a candidate country with frozen negotiations until the next icelandic election , no matter what the current icelandic government says . 
  it has a really small population and the politics seems pretty volatile . 
  at the end of the day , iceland 's geography lends itself to being a special region for fishing , and it could reasonably be argued that what the eu has put together for the purposes of the current members is n't suited for a country way out in the arctic ocean which practically lives off fishing . 
  i think a compromise of exceptions to the common fisheries policy for iceland really should be something that should be considered . 
  after all , the alternative is that they 're not in the eu at all .
