  i 've heard of them in passing . 
  got any hilarious stories about them ? 
  i 'm actually glad to say that for the first time in a while we * did n't * return any british national party members . 
  the craziest we sent was ukip , which compared to some other gems in the parliament , is n't that bad . 
  this picture should itself go in an art gallery . 
  there 's also the coalition between the scottish nationalists , plaid cymru , the republican left of catalonia and the new flemish alliance which make up the [ european free alliance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_free_alliance ) in the european parliament . 
  owing to the abrupt reversal in relations between russia and ukraine , transnistrian forces are now isolated from russian help . 
  at this point , unless russia smashes through ukraine and re-establishes a supply line , transnistria 's days are numbered , and they will at some point be open to invasion . 
  it 's no wonder they 're prepping the bunkers . 
  nuclear 's way more friendly than fossil fuels , because it replaces it as base-load power . 
  that 's all it needs to be and that 's all it is . 
  we have countries like germany that are using more fossil fuels because nuclear , despite being better , was n't perfect . 
  could someone explain to me why constitutions are a good idea , again ? 
  ah , i 'm not using the european-level political parties , i 'm basing it off membership of national parties that are in groups , mainly because people have a better understanding of the groups than the parties . 
  alenka bratu\u0161ek , as far as i can tell , is not actually a member of alde . 
  she is what can be described as a `` liberal politician '' , and may well have dialogue with alde in an observer capacity , but her current party ( the alliance of alenka bratu\u0161ek ) has no affiliation , and her former party ( positive slovenia ) withdrew their application to alde . 
  i prefer to keep diagrams to consistent rules . 
  thanks though !, 
  [ i made a diagram for the political make-up of the commission here . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sgifvxa.png ) it 's noteworthy that half of the commissioners are from the european people 's party , including president juncker , but the socialists get the best vice-presidencies . 
  we said that about ukraine , but here we are . 
  because our political system has been paralysed and conditioned to believe that enforcing anything but the most lax immigration rules is racist and therefore politically toxic . 
  yeah , being a commonwealth realm ( a.k.a. 
  a country that retains the british crown as head of state , much like canada or australia ) is the plan . 
  if they want to become a republic at a later date , they would be free to do so . 
  that is a good question . 
  i would guess the existing settlement of the scots keeping it when not in use will continue . 
  they 're still going to be a commonwealth realm after all , it 's just a question of separate governance , which has nothing to do with the stone . 
  nope . 
  there 's a big deal about the queen being apolitical and impartial . 
  papers like to stir up an argument by squeezing out even semblances of an opinion out of her . 
  of course , if scotland goes independent that quite significantly affects her constitutional role , such as whether she needs to appoint a lieutenant governor for scotland , so she has to be involved in some way . 
  seems like a good idea , am i doing this right ? 
  * seems like a good idea , am i doing this right ? 
  the german government enjoys riding along . 
  it 's not really a pro-putin thing , they 've just found a strategy that lets them use up minimal resources while being well defended . 
  it pisses off everyone , but what can we do about it ? 
  there is n't really a flag for northern england , but if you go back to the ( edit ) button to bring up the flair options again , you can type in the mouseover text in the text box at the bottom and mention in more detail where you 're from . 
  yeah , i think this is a more reasonable thing to happen . 
  if a federal european state comes about by straight up turning eu member states into federal states , then we 'll have an incomplete double-federal system reminiscent of bosnia-herzegovina with too many layers of governance . 
  a better way would be to have the constituent countries/regions/states , particularly in large member states , to exist as themselves in a simple uniform federal framework . 
  plus , it 's never helpful when some members are so much bigger than others . 
  secession should be done by a free and fair referendum with international observers and no mitigating influences such as foreign occupation . 
  all states have a duty to allow referenda under these conditions to happen , and respect the results , even if they technically have the legal ability to stop it . 
  at this point , i think we should resolve the problem once and for all and have a referendum across kosovo and note the geographical patterns , and then if there is a mandate , pro-serbia regions congruous with serbia can be partitioned back . 
  i consider the use of uniforms that say `` police '' on them to be a form of intimidation . 
  there 's a reason impersonating a police officer is extremely illegal . 
  thank you . 
  the fact that keepthepace 's graph stopped exactly at the quarter before unemployment started dropping more than a year ago reeks of dishonesty . 
  just want to say thank you for giving us a bit of inside perspective . 
  it 's often a bit difficult to get information about how cohesive the russian federation really is , for the reasons you describe . 
  that 's a bit of a product of how they get the jobs . 
  since they 're not directly elected , you 'd have to work your way up the political ladder to get other senior politicians to nominate you . 
  austerity is not a monolithic concept . 
  you can have more or less , or prioritise it in different areas . 
  it 's applied well in some places , poorly in others . 
  for us it 's worked fairly well on balance . 
  if we want to have a meaningful debate about this , i 'd phrase the question in terms of a specific country 's fiscal policy and not `` austerity '' in general . 
  if the current law was followed , there should be very few asylum seekers in germany . 
  asylum seekers should apply at the first safe country they get to , which , as per the dublin regulation , is defined as any eu member state * as far as other members of the eu are concerned . 
  if someone claims they are seeking asylum in germany , they 'd better have a really good reason . 
  * also iceland , norway and switzerland . 
  uh , what ? 
  the snp is n't scotland , as much as they 'd like to pretend to be . 
  the difference is small . 
  maybe crucial in a referendum vote , but still small . 
  england 's got free healthcare , and the difference between scotland and england when it comes to the eu is smaller than it 's made out . 
  they 're marginally more pro-eu but still very much anti-euro . 
  they 've got a ukip mep after all . 
  you 've got a ukip mep too . 
  as does wales . 
  if the usa was involved , the western response would have been very much different and much more interventionist . 
  this is a matter between russia and the eu sphere . 
  russia is desperately trying to regain a semblance of past glories , and the eu is continuing its mission statement to integrate all of europe . 
  ukraine , both east and west , hangs in the balance . 
  the queen does a recorded speech at christmas , both on the radio and on the tv . 
  the prime minister generally does n't do anything other than press statements . 
  that 's right , it 's in the european economic area . 
  they get no voting rights or representation , and do n't quite have to pay so much , but in return they can control certain sections of their own market . 
  grats . 
  ah yes , because that totally would n't break the best argument we have for staying in . 
  heh , yes , sorry . 
  turkey probably got around it because it does n't recognise northern cyprus as its own territory ... but now i 'm noticing a parallel and you raise a good point . 
  in the past , yes . 
  post iraq war ? 
  the point is n't to apply to join nato as part of this particular war . 
  you ca n't join nato without territorial disputes . 
  the point is symbolic , that ukraine 's trust of russia has been utterly destroyed . 
  the budapest memorandum was a guarantee that we would respect the sovereignty of ukraine 's borders ( i.e. 
  that we would n't invade or otherwise attack them ) , not a nato-esque defence treaty . 
  i think earlier there was a sense that ukraine would eventually have the situation under control . 
  they were set to win the war against the crop of rebels , so we were hoping that russia would lick its wounds and basically accept crimea as a consolation prize . 
  that could have happened , but it did n't . 
  so now , i think nato ( or specifically the european half of it ) really should seriously consider moving peacekeepers into ukraine and `` assist them with their rebel problem '' . 
  the uk ca n't do it alone , but we should play a leading role . 
  to be fair , a good start would be if ireland stopped the whole neutrality thing . 
  you know you live in the 21st century when you can watch a live war maps . 
  this is simultaneously terrifying and ridiculously cool . 
  it would be so nice if you guys joined . 
  it would do a lot for a unified european voice against russia 's actions .
