  there are ever fewer human ticket vendors , and both regular trains and tube trains are being replaced by automated driverless models . 
  [ just as cgpgrey describes , rmt ( the train driver 's union ) are threatening to strike over this , in a futile last-ditch effort . 
  ] ( http://www.workerspower.co.uk/2013/12/rmt-strike-to-stop-the-automation-of-the-london-tube/ ), 
  this is surprising . 
  i would have thought that , as is the case in most other eu countries , it would have led to a further dominance of english . 
  malta 's relationship with language is an interesting outlier . 
  < reopens  aaaarrrrrgggggghhhhhhh !!!!!, 
  this whole thing is all very theatrical and fake . 
  they obviously have very cordial negotiations while the european council is in session , but make these grand dramatic gestures in public . 
  i do n't care much for theatre , i just want to see what the proposals that come out are . 
  yeah , there has always been a lot of misinformation and stereotyping about our opinions of the eu . 
  do n't get me wrong , we are more euroskeptic than most eu countries , but we are n't a homogeneous nation of beer-swilling ukip-voting nationalists either . 
  the vast majority of european countries are n't doing this , though . 
  you 're only focusing on the few countries that are . 
  to be fair , the way the commission is elected versus the powers they have is n't as democratic as it really should be , and that 's something we should n't really laugh at . 
  while great strides have been made with respect to the commission president , even if it is not a constitutionally mandated process , the rest of the commissioners do n't really need to appease any electors to get where they are , they only need to be friendly with the right politicians . 
  this is something that should be fixed in the next treaty revision . 
  yeah , our politics is in utter chaos right now . 
  never mind what cgpgrey says about first past the post , we 're entering a stage of four-party politics as the main parties struggle with fragmentation and disengagement . 
  i think cameron is the strongest of the current leaders , but he 's not a * great * leader like we 've had in the past . 
  we ca n't seem to dig one up right now , so we 're delving into the bargain bin of politicians . 
  well , ideally they 'd be locked up so they do n't harm anyone at all anywhere in the world . 
  but having them leaving is the next best thing , it 's like a jihadi brain drain . 
  on the plus side , they 're not here any more , and off to a place where they do n't have much chance of returning . 
  i suppose some people take it literally , but i mean `` divinely inspired '' in the metaphorical sense , that it was something written long ago by a revered group of people that a lot of people now follow without even questioning it . 
  hell , the founding fathers story is told in a very nativity-esque way , even though it is actually true . 
  no doubt the constitution is a product of american history , and i 'm not saying it 's necessarily wrong in the absolute sense ( even if i do personally disagree with it ) . 
  when you clash together the american ideas of self-evident universal truths and the like with the more nebulous european ideas which do n't entirely agree with them , and a european populace that does n't mind suggesting alternatives , you end up with a load of offended americans and a load of self-righteous europeans . 
  it 's unfortunate , because in the end our philosophies have a common root and are very similar . 
  it 's that fundamental aspect that turns molehills into mountains . 
  this is interesting , i 'd never heard of it . 
  it 's quite interesting how africa has been uniting itself piece by piece , despite the hurdles . 
   this usually occurs when the free speech law in the us is exercised by people who hold view outside mainstream society . 
  now , most americans will agree with you on that what is being said is wrong , but will staunchly fight for the right to speak freely . 
  now , this could just be a cultural difference , but that is an unacceptable excuse , no single culture , world view or community is better , and all groups are equal in validity and must enjoy equal rights , of which is free speech . 
  here 's the issue ; europeans , generally speaking , do n't actually agree with the first amendment in its entirety with no caveats or exceptions . 
  this is something which most european nations have come to realise through its history , especially events like the rise of nazi germany . 
  instead , we see free speech to be a good principle except when it causes or encourages others to cause illegal harm . 
  that 's the only difference , and during most day to day life it is rarely invoked . 
  america , on the other hand , was built on that principle , sans exceptions . 
  generations of american children are taught that they are self-evident and universal , almost divinely inspired . 
  except it is n't . 
  in the big bad world , it 's just an opinion like anywhere else . 
  same deal with the third amendment and gun laws . 
  the manner that american children are taught about the constitution makes any rational transatlantic discussion about the bill of rights impossible . 
  bear wars ? 
  bear wars . 
  [ how about this ? 
  i 'm wondering where m5s is going to go now , assuming nobody comes along to re-form efdd . 
  i would guess the only group that would possibly accept them now is the ecr ? 
  this is a classic labour mindset , that it would be better to pretend that everything is alright in the uk and the public does n't feel marginalised and dissatisfied with the eu 's constitution . 
  the conservatives do not mesh with the epp , and we should n't just lie to keep up appearances . 
  besides , the ecr is now the third largest group in the parliament as the two major group 's share continues to wane . 
  yes , it was a small sacrifice of influence , but it was a gain in intellectual honesty . 
  hundreds !, 
  across 8 cities !, 
  that 's hilariously small . 
  great britain is pretty godless . 
  the isles around scotland are pretty christian , but they are actually liberal strongholds . 
  i 'd say the biggest contender would be parts of northern ireland , although that 's more to do with identity politics than actual faith . 
  certainly the dup is the biggest offender . 
  the eurozone should be a federation . 
  one sovereign federal legislature for the core , a non-sovereign one with limited capacities such as the single market for the entire union . 
  english should be the common second language of all eu member states , unless it is already the first language . 
   no reason you could n't have a polish flag and a symbol representing armistice day yeah , pretty easy to make a snoo holding a polish flag and wearing a poppy , i reckon . 
  yes , probably , it 's happened in previous proposed commissions . 
  certainly bratu\u0161ek is untenable , and poland 's bienkowska is a bit borderline too . 
  of course it bears mentioning that they 're both women , so that 's going to throw a spanner in juncker 's plans for a gender-balanced comission . 
  no , i think montenegro is next , and then probably albania . 
  while the accession of serbia to the eu would be a milestone in inter-european stability and enormously desirable , serbia has a fair bit of work to do yet , and there are other countries with a head start . 
  i would think if you were a moderate that wanted to topple assad , you 'd join the free syrian army or something . 
  hrm , pretty sure there 's very little clothing exported from the eu . 
  it pretty much all comes from asia , particularly china . 
  the uk obeys the rules , but only the ones that it signs up to . 
  most other things we are exempt from or negotiate a reasonable opt out from because we do n't use the euro . 
  about the health of democracy and democratic rights there , i mean . 
  first catalonia and now this . 
  you know , sometimes i really wonder about spain . 
  never mind hungary , i 've not been particularly impressed by some of the recent events there . 
   a timetable was published , which all parties signed up to , yet on day one they started to fall behind that timetable . 
  where ? 
  i fully expect you to come up with a timetable that specifies that parliament would be recalled , because this is news to me . 
  edit : yeah , thought not . 
  do n't let facts get in the way of your rhetoric . 
  there 's nothing wrong with oxbridge dominating , and in fact it 's normally a good sign . 
  smart people go to oxbridge , and achieve that through getting good grades and passing entrance exams , money does n't come into it . 
  the problem is private schools operating * before * pupils reach university . 
  i think you 're right . 
  did n't we get made a regional default ? 
  it may well be that in the past the kind of people who would deliberately subscribe to a non-default / r/europe would be the kind of people who are more `` europhile '' and liking the idea of a more unified european interest and identity . 
  now that it 's a default and the sub is bigger , the people who are subscribed here are generally just `` people from europe '' , which would shift the scale closer towards neutral , with a greater euroskeptic presence . 
  parliament has n't reformed yet . 
  parties are currently in internal dialogue during their conferences about what way forward they will campaign for right now . 
  plus , there 's complaints about the constitutional setup in the other countries which many mps want reforming at the same time as scotland , usually giving them analogous powers . 
  besides , i do n't recall scotland being promised anything `` immediately '' . 
  for some additional info , to get a rough idea of their political allegiances in the european elections ; citizens for european development of bulgaria ( gerb ) : epp bulgarian socialist party : s&d movement for rights and freedoms : alde reformist bloc : epp bulgaria without censorship : ecr patriotic front : formed electoral alliance with bulgaria without censorship , so ecr alternative for bulgarian revival : new party , has never won seats , so non-inscrit attack : non-inscrit, 
  that 's when you insist that the holes were on the wrong side and punch in new ones . 
   on the german equivalent of the daily show , called the heute show , american poultry has become a running joke . 
  in one skit , a reporter is in the white house kitchen eating a chicken nugget . 
   `` you ca n't be mad at someone who makes such a tasty chlorinated chicken , '' he quips .
