  having the head of the parliament being the most important person is definitely not an idea alien to europe . 
  that said , i am still very open to arguments for a directly elected european president and we are in a very unique position to directly argue for or against which system is best and then put it into practice . 
  as for the president of the commission being elected by the parliament , great , fine , no complaints ( other than i would prefer that he/she had to also be an mep , but hey ) . 
  still , this is a very derivative way of trying to claim that the people 's votes are influencing policy when there 's only one person at the table out of 27 who has a reasonable amount of democratic legitimacy . 
  sort of , yes , i 'm just saying that the eu is not ready for it now . 
  i 'm not saying that the eu will never be ready , i just think there needs to be a hell of a lot of housekeeping done before we can proceed . 
  barroso has pushed all of his toys under the carpet while saying the room is clean . 
  here 's some ideas i 've been saying for a while ; 1 . 
  parliament should initiate legislation and be the lower house , an absolute minimum requirement . 
  allow the parliament to form a european government . 
  make the commission either directly elected or a 3-seat appointment by each national government , thereby also assuming the job of the european council . 
  in the case of the second option , the 3 seats are in place to better represent coalition governments , and a national parliament may appoint new commissioners if they form a new government . 
  the definitive head of the european union should be either the head of the european parliament a.k.a. 
  the `` european prime minister '' or a directly elected president . 
  i feel more comfortable with a prime minister personally , but i 've heard some decent arguments for a president regarding voter engagement . 
  if we have a president , let 's skip bullshit like the us 's electoral college and just have everyone 's vote worth the same . 
  one day i 'll make a nice little diagram to show how i think the european union should work . 
  i 'm slightly irritated by this man 's insistence that federalisation is the eu 's birthright . 
  it 's not , i want to see at least one new treaty revolutionising the democratic processes of the eu before we even begin to think about giving the eu power to match it . 
  if it ca n't handle true democratic accountability , it certainly ca n't handle federal power . 
  this free trade area is going to be ginormous . 
  you know , i thought one of the major points of having the eu was that we did n't have to bend over to the us any more . 
  well we do n't ? 
  it 's not something that 's really a part of our psyche , mainly because few of us have it in living memory . 
  it 's a put down people use that has been passed down from their parents who do n't realise that we 've moved to a new generation too . 
  it just does n't work any more . 
  as much as ukip would indicate otherwise , i think our opposition is mainly pragmatic . 
  if the euro starts outperforming the pound , things will change very quickly when businesses start lobbying for it . 
  though the majority of the migration is from the conservatives , there 's a lot of very disenfranchised voters from labour and the lib dems who are looking for a place to deposit their protest votes as well , it 's just that they 've collectively decided to put them in the same place . 
  i 'll be interested to see how they fair in the local elections in 2014 , as one election does not a trend make . 
  ironically , a constitutional monarchy is better for decentralising power , because he/she is forced to be apolitical , while still maintaining the functions of a head of state . 
  that 's the theory , anyway . 
  i would put money on the same thing happening to them as their german analogues . 
  it 's already passed the big vote , they ca n't process it any faster . 
  the only issue is the amendments . 
  tell us about the wacky and wild world of estonian politics !, 
  i 'd rather leave the echr than let them have their way with this . 
  our laws on political advertising work and they would damn well . 
  leave us alone . 
  would `` internet data havens '' be a bad thing though ? 
  it would reward decent data protection laws with business . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with european federalism as a concept , what i have a problem is the idea that it is the eu 's birthright and that giving it the go ahead will solve our problems . 
  it will not if we give it to what constitutes the eu right now . 
  if the eu receives what is basically its `` ultimate prize '' at a time when it has a far poorer understanding of ideals like democracy , every member state will become less democratic overall . 
  as it stands , meps and comissioners largely consider themselves as employed by the eu , not the european people . 
  we need another treaty before we can start talking about true federalism yet . 
  it works for the uk , so frankly i see no reason to change it . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/hvdc_cross-channel it 's the biggest submarine connection of its kind . 
  when france has excess energy from its power plants , which is most of the time , it exports it to us . 
  occasionally , we export our energy to france when they need it . 
  our coal based power grid and france 's nuclear based grid work together to mitigate the weaknesses of each other . 
  when it comes to energy distribution , safety really is in numbers . 
  i suppose this is the right place to ask ; is this increase in liberalism a recent thing in ireland or has the `` strongly catholic country '' stereotype always been exaggerated ? 
  it 's amazing and lovely to see how much ireland has changed . 
  that 's actually closer than i expected . 
  interesting to see the difference between the urban and rural areas . 
  this really does sound like they 're draining cyprus . 
  i think he has a bit of a point , removing this much is going to make it very difficult for cyprus to leave , but i 'm not cynical enough to say that was the primary intention . 
  the eurozone desperately wants to protect itself from debt , and it has no qualms with punishing cyprus with the most of the burden of its own debts to achieve this . 
  i think what this is really showing is that the `` carrot and stick '' approach is not going to work , there needs to be a more direct control over the finances of the eurozone states , and in return a guarantee of protection from incidents like this . 
  please . 
  i think a lot of the infrastructure is in place already , we 're already heavily linked with france . 
  i can hear the rumbling caused by the rising tide of irish babies from here . 
  you just did . 
  in a sentence , it 's because the eu is n't what it used to be back when thatcher wore that sweater . 
  the conservatives were and are the biggest proponents of free trade and open markets , and that continues to be what they really want . 
  what they do n't like is red tape and mismanagement of sovereignty , so they see the eu as a double edged sword . 
  if you were a conservative , it 's a question of whether you think the eu provides a fair exchange or not . 
  how interesting , i just associate it with middle-aged balding but otherwise friendly men . 
  same deal in the uk . 
  it 's the kind of thing associated with `` chavs '' , unemployed people who are in or associate with gangs . 
  question , why do we use emails when we contact representatives ? 
  would n't a more open method be better , where we can see the responses publicly in a style similar to a forum ? 
  yeah , hopefully . 
  we had a problem in the past with the mmr vaccine when a scientist said there was a link with it and autism . 
  it was completely discredited now , but loads of parents avoided giving it to their children . 
  fast forward to now , there 's currently a measles outbreak in south wales , which has [ largely got people off their arses get vaccinated ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-22048635 ) . 
  it 's a pity that people had to suffer to get it done , but oh well . 
  that 's the second time i 've heard someone call ukip members `` kippers '' today . 
  might be a thing that 's catching on . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen all of those things in sweet shops in the uk . 
  also , what 's with the random links ? 
  our history is crazy complicated and interesting . 
  of course we want to talk about it . 
  an intentional gap in a pattern of symbols is just as significant as a symbol on its own . 
  in this case , we expect governmental buildings to have the eu flag in the uk because they do in other eu countries . 
  but they do n't , and that gives of a sense of indifference and non-conformity . 
  i disagree . 
  flags are powerful , socially , culturally and politically . 
  when you put up a flag , you 've bought it , you 've got the means to put it up , you made the decision to put it up . 
  as far as europeans go , it 's far more effort than the average person makes for what looks like such a superficial thing . 
  the only purpose a flag serves is to represent and declare what you believe in through symbolism . 
  most people do n't put up eu flags on a whim , they do it to make a statement . 
  i think xuth is dead on . 
  plenty of businesses and hotels and stuff fly the uk and eu flag side by side , though , at least in places like birmingham . 
  if you go down the major streets and business districts , you 'll see about as many of each . 
  we would probably get accused of that . 
  i do n't think it would be fair to stop croatia at this point , but i think it 's about time we put a hold on admitting new members until we 've sorted out the situation with the existing ones . 
  we 've got a situation of severe economic inequality across the eu and it 's impossible to bring that down to manageable levels while new countries keep on being added . 
  and hey , the most famous briton as far as europe is concerned is nigel bloody farage .
