  it 's sad to see that languages are disappearing , but it 's good to see that people across europe are better equipped to communicate with each other . 
  as far as i can see , the benefits outweigh the losses . 
   i mean , you do n't hear about wales wanting to split off well , there is such a thing as [ plaid cymru ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plaid_cymru ) , and they do actually have some seats here and there . 
  they 're nowhere near as powerful as the snp though . 
  hmm , are they trying to pressure norway into joining ? 
  it would n't surprise me if the eu 's taking advantage of the situation , they either get lots of money or they get norway 's membership . 
  aw , that 's lovely . 
  man , makes you appreciate that there used to be far far fewer countries in europe back then . 
  we also hated each other a lot more . 
  other than the fact that i 'm big into european politics , which would n't be a thing without the eu , the common phone charger is probably the most obvious one from day to day . 
  i 'm currently looking for work in engineering , and it is pretty nice to not have to worry about meeting visa requirements to work in other eu countries , so i 'm confident to apply for positions on the continent . 
  plus , a fair few companies would definitely not be here for me to apply to if it were not for our eu membership . 
  there 's a lot of german and french firms around here . 
  it 's quite interesting how the ukrainian population has acted so differently compared to the russian ones , though . 
  it 's why ukraine has potential to be a true european country while places like russia and belarus does not , at least for the next half century . 
  to someone who is n't a british citizen , i would say i 'm british . 
  to someone who is , i would say i 'm english . 
  i do not like to entertain the idea that one is superior to the other . 
  it 's a bit like asking me if i consider myself as my father 's son or my mother 's son first . 
  while i agree with a lot of what you 're saying , it 's worth noting that the eu 's efforts to being ukraine into looking west instead of east , well before anything kicked off , has improved moldova 's territorial integrity significantly . 
  if ukraine had joined the customs union and became increasingly friendly with russia , moldova would be in trouble , as russia could have then afforded to step up bigger military and economic supply lines to transnistria . 
  it could have then become a viable federal subject to russia and they could have moved in . 
  of course , by annexing crimea and making ukraine a hostile state , russia 's intensified the barrier between itself and transnistria to the point that it can not become the next crimea , so they have n't done themselves any favours in that respect . 
  yep , and people from eu countries will be free to travel and settle in ukraine too . 
  i suppose out of all of this pain and misery we do get the advantage of being best bros with ( the rest of ) ukraine now . 
  the association agreement is in place and will come into full force following the election in may . 
  only way forward now is to push ukraine along the path to eu membership , and improve the country for the benefit of ukrainians and european citizens as a whole . 
  even with crimea being lost , russia has still made enormous net losses out of the whole ordeal . 
  it feels weird to say this because i 'm defending both berlusconi and russia , but at the time , i think berlusconi had a point . 
  russia had the theoretical potential to be a part of the eu , constitutionally it was a fledgeling democracy that was trying to define itself , much like many prospective countries like bosnia-herzegovina or albania . 
  it also had the desire to integrate with neighbouring countries for purposes of economic and social stability . 
  unfortunately , that particular future will no longer come to pass . 
  the eu may have helped heal the scars of the second world war , but it 's not going to heal the cold war any time soon . 
  it 's sad , really , because we , the eu and russia , could have done wonderful things together . 
  we could have fixed a lot of problems , but oligarchs and greed got in the way . 
  i find using the eu flag as an identifier where national flags are available basically says that you want to hide your identity while pretending that you 're not . 
  europe 's just far to big for it to be helpful . 
  unlike crimea , transnistria 's location makes it impossible for russia to support , especially now that ukraine has no interest in helping russia to do anything whatsoever . 
  i 'm not anxious . 
  if anything transnistria should be anxious if its supply lines from russia dry up . 
  hello ms. auken , thank you for taking the time to do this !, 
  my question is , if you could change one thing about the way the eu works , what would it be ? 
  it 's complex and weird and varies across the continent . 
  i live in the fun yet occasionally confusing state of being simultaneously english , british and european , although i 'll usually call myself british here because that 's what 's on my passport under `` nationality '' , even though `` european '' is on the front . 
  in some cases where people regularly hop borders and do n't consider themselves as belonging to one country or another , they 'll simply call themselves european and nothing else . 
  on the other hand , some borders have an ethnic/religious aspect to them , like around the former yugoslavia or around northern ireland , in which case you 'll see people picking a side ( e.g. 
  british or irish ) and sticking to it . 
  as for the open borders , it 's been a massive boon . 
  wherever there 's been physical walls between countries or regions , strife never seems far away . 
  see : gibraltar , berlin wall , mexico/american border etc. 
  not protect , respect . 
  you could have just said `` america '' , and saved us time you know . 
  i mean , there 's nothing wrong in principle with a referendum on the constitutional status of an already established political region . 
  in fact , i 'd call it a human right . 
  crimea should have such a referendum . 
  the problem is that this referendum can not be fair . 
  there 's russian troops occupying the region , and the status quo is not an available choice . 
  to top it off , it 's being organised by a government that is widely considered to be corrupt , instead of an independent third party . 
  well , i 'm convinced . 
  moldova it is . 
  [ you 'll be joining the start of a revolution , they actually beat the lib dems ( the third biggest party ) in a local by-election recently !, 
  ] ( http://www.nottinghamcity.gov.uk/article/26753/by-election-result---clifton-north-ward ), 
  thanks !, 
  my sources are the wikipedia pages for `` european parliament '' , `` european political party '' , each political group ( including non-inscrits ) , and each europarty , as listed on the right . 
  ca n't guarantee that they 're in date because it 's wikipedia and i was trying to keep track of 766 meps at once , but i 'll have a go at revising it at the run up to the election for posting . 
  wait , you do n't have fuses in the plug head ? 
  there we go . 
  thanks . 
  i agree , and i think all commissioners ( and the commission president ) should have to be meps as a matter of law . 
  hopefully we 'll then see some transition of the commission to a body that operates inside the parliament instead as a separate one , like a prime minister and his cabinet . 
  why is this happening now ? 
  generally when countries crack down on this kind of thing , it 's usually because there 's public unrest brewing . 
  is something happening in russia we do n't know about ? 
   and that is a good thing . 
  three is too little and that means it is too easy to obstruct the democratic process . 
  how do you know that ? 
  this situation has no precedent , we have no clue what value is needed other than the fact that one is too low . 
  if you set it too high , you 're going to have people on the streets saying they 're being unfairly ruled by the eu without their consent . 
  how is the situation a ticking bomb ? 
  the eu 's being a bit inefficient and ineffective , but that 's it . 
  it 's a problem , but no need to stir up a panic . 
  that would indeed restrict it proper , but also increases the chances of countries being impacted disproportionately by legislation , even if they can muster up two other allies . 
  we 're not like the usa , there 's wildly differing economies and cultures across europe and the `` tyranny of the majority '' is a much greater potential problem for us than it ever was for them . 
  let 's take it a step at a time . 
  if the eu is still too weak with a double-veto system , crank it to a triple-veto , and so on . 
  of course , as new member states join , the need to increase the veto threshold will naturally go up . 
  i think we 're approaching the moment where we need to talk about national vetos requiring two member states instead of one , but such a small change would have massive consequences . 
  problem is , pretty much every country that 's been in the eu for at least a decade has blocked something and wishes to continue to do so . 
  the most famous example i can think of is france blocking the treaty amendment to bring the parliament to brussels permanently . 
  it 's easy to say `` change the system ! '', 
  now since neither of us are luxembourgers , but with such a change , denmark would one day be forced to adopt a law against its will because the rest of the eu members overruled it , and that law could be anything . 
  i guess a better move first would be to define and restrict the competencies of the eu . 
  establish what 's the domain of the member states and what 's the domain of the eu , then such a leap to a `` double veto '' system would n't be so tumultuous . 
  well , there 's always that old argument about english becoming the official `` second language '' of the eu . 
  that might not quite be the case at the moment , but it 's becoming increasingly viable as time goes on . 
  this is really a debate that we should have 20 years down the road . 
  for now we 'll have to accept that any solution that does n't include all the official languages will be undemocratic , as you said . 
  i did a bit of research on this just now , we 're actually both in the wrong . 
  you 're right about a candidate having to be in a europarty thing , but there 's still only one candidate per group . 
  also efd may be mainly formed of independents ( like ukip meps ) , but some of them are in the `` movement for a europe of liberties and democracy '' ( meld ) party , so they could field a candidate .
