  i think there was a bit of that going on a few years ago when the economy was stalling , but at this point i 'm pretty confident that this is largely legitimate . 
  there 's two issues , not one . 
  the issue of the migrants illegally being on french territory unimpeded and the issue of migrants trying to cross the channel illegally are linked , but separate . 
  the territory is exclusively france 's responsibility , the border is ultimately the uk 's responsibility . 
  the uk is employing a second line of defence , and france is helping there , but the uk ca n't compel france to not fail at the first line instead . 
  france 's inaction means that both france and the uk loses , but france is losing more since it actually has to host these economic migrants . 
  plenty of countries do the same thing , such as the uk , where having a court directly overrule parliament has been unconstitutional for many centuries . 
  russia is n't doing anything wrong here . 
  i 'm hoping that we 'll start seeing some real progress into reducing corruption in the balkans . 
  the eu accession process has done wonders for many countries in that respect . 
  that 's pretty remarkable . 
  thankfully annexing transnistria is n't really practical for russia , as ukraine does n't do much cooperating with russia any more . 
  certainly they 'd never allow a second potential front . 
  i have maintained that since crimea went , the de facto transnistrian state 's days are numbered . 
  playing pascal 's wager for upvotes . 
  better play it safe !, 
  live in small island countries if you want to live longer ? 
  what is up with ireland 's wildly fluctuating economy ? 
  it seems to jump from `` rainbows and unicorns '' to `` almost greece '' and back . 
  yeah , fusion 's the holy grail of energy , theoretically speaking . 
  uses hydrogen as fuel , non-polluting , no annoying waste , consistent output . 
  it 's just that it 's still in development and is a very difficult technology to master . 
  i think a lot of what makes the uk so good to live in really comes from english becoming the lingua franca of europe and much of the world . 
  great for business and for artistry , and our diplomatic connections have given us the best ( or equal best ) passports in the world . 
  it 's a common condition in the uk to have night terrors about doggerland . 
  the boundary review that decides these things was delayed in 2013 because of coalition disagreements , hence why the last election had 650 seats , but it was delayed to 2018 . 
  it 's expected ( but not guaranteed ) that the reduction to 600 will therefore apply to the 2020 election . 
  besides , the tories have a majority now so they 're unlikely to block what they previously supported . 
  there 's a story behind that one , the distance between the red lines on the floor at the base of the government benches ( left ) and the opposition benches ( right ) is supposedly two swords length apart . 
  we 're bringing our seats from 650 to 600 next election , but it only gets that packed during important events or debates . 
  most of the time it looks like [ this ] ( http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/46697000/jpg/_46697476_jex_515311_de27-1.jpg ) . 
  yup , the visa-free travel is n't really the point , it 's the reforms that get you there . 
  the ecj can fine us if we 're not meeting eu law , but otherwise it 's largely a matter of honour and reputation . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  laws ca n't be applied to the uk , including eu and echr rulings , unless parliament approves it through the normal legislative process . 
  it 's basically rule 1 of our constitution that has been in place for many many centuries . 
  we have that too , so it 's not a big deal . 
  the vast majority of the time we 'll adjust legislation to meet these standards if there 's a problem , but at the end of the day constitutions and parliaments make the final decision . 
  i 'm googling `` citizens tribunal '' and it 's coming up with some crazy kangaroo court stuff that has no legal mandate , and not something actually part of the icc . 
  it feels morally wrong to spoof a trial . 
  that 's something that certainly would n't be acceptable in the uk , no . 
  while constitutionally anybody can be a minister of anything if the house of commons and prime minister approves it , by very strong convention the prime minister , chancellor of the exchequer , home secretary and foreign secretary are all required to be mps . 
  while the other cabinet ministers are either members of the commons or lords , it 's convention for cabinet appointments from the unelected lords to be rare other than the leader of the house of lords , certainly not numbering greater than two or three . 
  perhaps this conflict of convention is a big source of the problem . 
  to the people in the uk , the commission looks like the european equivalent of a cabinet proposal that should cause a constitutional crisis . 
  the non-president commissioners never appear on any ballot paper , nor is their candidacy declared prior to a deciding election before their appointment . 
  they can not by any stretch of the imagination be considered democratically elected . 
  there is an institutional problem that could be quite easily solved by requiring them to be elected as meps in addition to their role as commissioners . 
  the current system is only politicians voting in politicians . 
  the eu treaty with respect to the relationship between the eu , the eurozone and the non-eurozone is broken . 
  the eurozone needs formal governance , but the treaty currently forbids that , so we make do with informal-but-not-really meetings of the eurogroup . 
  the prime minister has the power to authorise it on his own , but david cameron caused a new convention in 2013 when he consulted parliament on invading syria and backed down when it rejected his proposal , thereby demonstrating that parliament was the superior body in this matter . 
  as it currently stands , the royal prerogative on military action is now essentially an emergency power , and these things will instead go to parliament even though constitutionally they do n't have to . 
  applause from both sides of the house , as well . 
  i 'm not sure if i 've seen the like given to an mp 's speech . 
  why are you comparing the currency 's value to the euro instead of using inflation , which is what most romanians experience ? 
  the obvious comparison to make is not tpp , but the eu-mexico agreement and the eu-canada agreement . 
  with nafta in place , ttip is the last piece of the puzzle to harmonise the agreements with the efta and the entire north american continent . 
  for any politician in a decent democracy , that 's a high approval rating . 
  merkel 's only really threatened if another politician is more popular than she is . 
  terrorists ? 
  israel is n't terrorising anybody , they do n't need to . 
  they 'll just build new settlements and nobody will stop them . 
  i 'm surprised that is n't the default for all nato planes in nato airspace . 
  the uk and france can conceivably create a common foreign policy that is both unified and effective , as we largely share philosophies on what the role of the military should be . 
  this is n't true of most other european countries , and many of them are n't trusted to pull their weight in military spending either . 
  the un 's eyes glaze over and fingers go in ears whenever the question of immigration control comes up . 
  it 's not like they have any real say in it anyway . 
  looks like it was a gas or industrial chemical explosion at a factory . 
  it 's sad that we have to be so jittery about these things though . 
  forcing the voting age at 16 when only one member state actually supports that ? 
  is this one of those negotiating tactics where you make an offer that is plainly ridiculous then back down on it in order to make the rest of the offer that you really wanted seem more reasonable ? 
  that 's the only explanation other than sabotage that i can think of for why this bill fights so many unnecessary battles at the same time . 
  what so difficult to understand about `` isis supporters '' ? 
  the constitution was amended so it allowed the law to be enacted , but it was n't yet actually a law . 
  open borders is a privilege for europe , not a right , and privileges come with duties and responsibility . 
  in this case , if europe does not heavily invest in external borders and clamp down on external migration , schengen will be lost . 
  in fact , i 'd go so far as to say that in its current state europe does n't deserve the schengen agreement . 
  that 's why we have the convention to put major constitutional changes to referenda instead of just passing a bill in parliament . 
  besides , if we had proportional representation we 'd probably have a tory-ukip government and would still have a referendum . 
  nobody can seriously argue that holding an in-out referendum does n't have a public mandate . 
  i very very strongly doubt we 'll see anything that gives the uk special treatment . 
  not event the uk government thinks that 's a reasonable thing to ask for . 
  the main issue is the relationship between the eu and the 9 non-eurozone countries . 
  solving this is pretty important not just for the uk 's membership but the eurozone 's survival ; the eurozone need to govern itself without dragging in the non-eurozone eu or it will fall apart . 
  if i remember correctly , it was that `` groups '' of national parliaments can veto eu laws , not individual ones . 
  i 'm taking that to mean some kind of rule where governments would need to gather together enough representation of the population to meet a threshold , such as 50 % +1 . 
  that works for the spitzenkandidaten , where they can just base it on the existing election system , but for this the ep has to somehow get the right ballot papers to citizens if they want transnational candidates , something they ca n't do without agreement from the council . 
  there 's nothing stopping a national parliament from refusing to hold the ec president vote and just doing the ep election , which would throw the whole thing out of whack across the continent . 
  http://what-if.xkcd.com/48/ not yet . 
  that graph needs to start at 0 % to show that she 's merely downgraded from `` practically the messiah '' to `` popular '' . 
  so they 're welching on the whole `` this election will be treated like a referendum '' thing ? 
  i actually gave them respect when they failed to get 50 % of the vote and conceded that fact . 
  now i know that these nationalists only act honourably when they think the world is looking . 
  ah , i apologise if i misled . 
  i 'm not saying it as a scientifically backed fact , that 's just the culturally accepted reason why we do n't accept the use of self-defence weapons . 
  i have no idea about the true validity of it . 
  self defence with weapons was abused too much and ended up facilitating more attacks than saving lives . 
  only the uk , ireland , malta and at the european level . 
  member states are completely free to choose their own language policies , or devolve them further to sub-national regions , and are not obligated to use any specific language mandated by the eu .
