  as if his opposition to the gay marriage bill was n't enough . 
  it 's also a question of how well you trust the governance of the euro versus your own . 
  see , this is part of the reason i love germany . 
  you get stuff done . 
  sorry , yeah , i was thinking more about the ones at the french national assembly . 
  i do n't think many politicians like it either , it 's really just the french ones , and it 's about time we pulled together and said this has to stop . 
  because it was n't a revolution , and iceland 's decision to let its banks collapse instead of bailing them out is relatively well known and reported . 
  til , thanks . 
  it 's almost like they regularly schedule consultations or something . 
  hmm , you have a point . 
  i suppose europhobe would be a good term to describe the less rational subset of euroskeptics . 
  in more general terms they 'd just be called protectionists or nationalists or something . 
  still , a euroskeptic is n't necessarily someone who dislikes the existence of the european union outright . 
  it is a more general term for someone who opposes continued european integration , for whatever reason . 
  europhiles believe the opposite and consider further european integration to be an ideal . 
  what would n't help is if people said europhobe when they mean euroskeptic . 
  if they mean a specific * type * of euroskeptic ( the crazy nutjob kind ) , then fine . 
  i really doubt / u/europolitics was doing the latter , though . 
  on the sidebar of this subreddit , it says `` europhiles '' . 
  that term would n't be used there if it had negative connotations . 
  i get there are both social and political meanings , but in either case the term is neutral at worst . 
  i do n't get to decide , but i can inform people that they 're degrading the argument by introducing new words to describe the opposing sides , as well as themselves to benefit their own ideological position . 
  both euroskeptic and europhile are adequately neutral terms , and the two words are used to represent the ( admittedly false ) dichotomy [ all ] ( http://www.presseurop.eu/en/content/article/2141261-europhiles-and-eurosceptics-you-re-all-same ) [ over ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/politics/2012/09/states-play ) [ the ] ( https://www.worldopinion.eu/issue/206-are-you-rather-a-eurosceptic-or-a-europhile ) [ news ] ( http://www.politics.co.uk/blogs/2012/07/19/is-david-cameron-a-reluctant-europhile ) . 
  i think we should kill this before it turns into the whole `` abortion debate '' bullshit with either side giving different names to their own sides and their opponents . 
  it 's petty , and we 're better than that . 
  there are euroskeptics , and there are europhiles . 
  these are the agreed terms . 
  i do n't think they trust themselves to have an army , which is fair enough , really . 
  we 're planning to get a full house by 2100 . 
  wish us luck !, 
  or if he abdicates . 
  edit : charles , that is . 
  for labour to now support a referendum would be pretty embarrassing for them ; 1 . 
  it would be a u-turn , and a big one at that . 
  it would mean agreeing with the tories , particularly the right-wing ones , whom labour hates with a passion . 
  many would think that they 're just following the tories ' lead and being populist instead of doing it out of the national interest . 
  being a follower is the last thing you need when you 're in opposition . 
  honestly , as much as the argument for supporting the referendum is compelling from an idealistic standpoint ( and rumour had it that they were seriously considering it if the tories did n't promise it soon ) , labour will probably end up sticking with their guns as a simple matter of strategy . 
  it sucks that they 're being so contrarian , sure , but then again it would give the public the choice to say whether they really want the referendum in the first place , so there 's that . 
  tl ; dr the ideology checks out , the strategy probably does n't . 
  labour probably wo n't do it . 
  that does n't surprise me , but very few people actually learn more languages for that reason , and that 's not going to change . 
  that would make way more sense . 
  approval of gay marriage is very much the political mainstream in the uk . 
  hell , most conservatives support it . 
  in retrospect , probably . 
  but am i wrong ? 
  which is why we accepted it with the rebate , eventually . 
  if we leave , france will have even greater power over the cap and would n't have to give us a single euro or pound for doing so . 
  charming , although now i think about it , we do represent a significant block to france 's power in europe . 
  we 're the greatest threat to the common agricultural policy , which benefits france greatly , but not the uk . 
  yeah , they 're not going to change my opinion , france has a non-trivial vested interest in the uk leaving . 
  the tories are widely considered as competent economists . 
  it was the start of david cameron 's long campaign to win support in europe for a major political rethink , in a speech in davos attended by european political and business leaders . 
  he argued that letting events develop as currently planned was not acceptable . 
  * [ david cameron speaking at conference ] * `` we should try to shape them in the uk 's national interest . 
  let us negotiate a new settlement for europe that works for the uk , and let 's get fresh consent for it . 
  and it 's not just right for the united kingdom , it is necessary for europe . '', 
  and outside the conference rooms the london mayor was pressing the british government 's case here with the imf chief , christine lagarde ; * [ boris johnson stands outside in a coat amongst a bustling crowd and a tv crew that is setting up , holding a coffee , talking to lagarde ] * `` it 's the right thing for europe , we can not go on like this , with the brits endlessly being the back party '' * [ lagarde cheerfully responds , then walks away ] * `` and i say vive la grande-bretagne et vive l'europe . '', 
  long live great britain and long live europe , she says . 
  her private opinions on mr. cameron 's stance may not be quite so good natured around this swiss mountain resort , but he did win support from one former leading german policy-maker . 
  * [ axel weber , formerly of the ecb , sits in a plaid armchair indoors ] * `` i think that 's a sensible proposition . 
  as a european , and someone who 's very pro-european , i hope the british public decides when that vote , or if that vote comes up , that they see the benefits . '', 
  back at home , more than 50 business leaders have backed mr. cameron . 
  in a letter to the times , they say `` we agree with the prime minister that britain 's best chance of success is as part of a reformed europe . 
  we need a new relationship with the eu , backed by democratic mandate . '', 
  a third of the signatories are conservative donors or peers . 
  but others in the corporate world are concerned about the impact on british trade . 
  just under half of the exports of uk goods and services head to the eu , but there 's a fear that by raising the possibility of quitting , the prime minister will undermine business . 
  * [ cut to an interview snippet with sir martin sorrell , the wpp chief executive , who standing outside wearing a coat and a colourful scarf ] * `` he 's in a bit of a political predicament that he has to deal with . 
  from a business point of view , an economic point of view , it ca n't be good news . 
  at the very best , if you want to put the best gloss on it , it 's neutral , and at the worst , it 's negative . 
  negative in terms of generating uncertainty . '', 
  for david cameron , one key reaction to his demands for reform is all-important ; that of the german chancellor angela merkel , and she 's due to speak in davos within the next hour . 
  hugh pym , bbc news . 
  -- p.s. 
  apologies if i got the french spelling/grammar wrong . 
  that goes to show that the whole left-right thing is relative ( see : american politics ) . 
  guardian readers probably make the same complaint for the opposite reason . 
  i hear it often said that if the bbc gets complaints in equal measure from both sides , they consider it a sign that they 're probably doing it right . 
  it 's sad that most people do n't check their own biases . 
  i think a lot of europeans have forgotten that the government is supposed to be scared of its people . 
  he has no democratic mandate to call a referendum . 
  it was not stated in either the conservative or liberal democrat manifestos , the government was not elected to enact an eu referendum in any way . 
  the public does n't appreciate it when this rule is broken . 
  there needs to be time to renegotiate . 
  this is the eu we 're taking about here , it 's not going to get done in two months . 
  anybody who was vaguely serious about renegotiating such a complicated thing would give it at least a year , if not two . 
  there is no way a rational debate would get done to undo the years of monopoly by euroskeptic media in that amount of time . 
  it would be a farce like the av referendum . 
  the bbc has to be . 
  of course it 's never exact , but they get close enough . 
  i 've said it before , and i 'll say it again . 
  it 's not the eu 's place to dictate either way what a member state 's water policy is . 
  there are no intrinsic benefits for a common water policy between countries that do not share a water supply system . 
  yeah , i guess you 're right . 
  last thing we need is loaded words . 
  i retract my statement , we really should just be using euroskeptic and europhile . 
  do n't fix what is n't broken and all that . 
  we never have been able to deal with snow , and i doubt we ever will .
