  if all parties ( us , eu , canada , mexico ) have free trade agreements with each other , that 's a great foundation for unifying those agreements . 
  in truth , i consider canada a european country that just happens to be on the other side of the pond , so i do n't want relations to be harmed . 
  they 're good people who would n't be out of place in the eu . 
  though , if we merged nafta and efta afterwards , i 'm sure they 'd become way more positive again . 
  cheers . 
  it 's an interesting experience , the only real time where activists of all colours casually socialise on strictly and unviobaly neutral ground . 
  the sense of everyone being united under the banner of democracy , despite our differences , is lovely . 
  the real credit goes to the vote sorters , though . 
  they 're the ones that have to deal with the potential paper cuts . 
  went to paguera , mallorca and partied with the germans all night . 
  was sweet . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  party observers are brought to a table and can look at the ballots to deem them as rejected ballots ( or contest the decision if they desire ) . 
  since anyone can stand as a candidate if they put down the deposit , vote counting is essentially a public affair with open viewing . 
  i 'm sure you could take pictures if you wanted . 
  rejected ballots are often pretty funny , though it also demonstrates that there are a lot of people out there who are too stupid to follow even the simplest of instructions , and yet can vote . 
  it 's common to see people voting for two candidates even though it very clearly says that they should vote for just one . 
  sauce : i was an observer in the last european elections . 
  i think it 's europe 's responsibility to be a loud voice that is neutral between israel and palestine , since america has utterly failed to bring balance to the region . 
  i do n't think there 's any logic about us being responsible on historical grounds , we should help because we are only only ones who have the means to be a neutral mediator . 
  both israel and palestine should be supported equally , and we should boycott anything which violates progress to a two-state solution . 
  ban imports from israeli settlements in palestinian land , for example . 
  also , i think we should seriously consider dangling european integration over israel as a reward for genuinely cooperating with efforts towards a two-state peace plan . 
  if the waste 's location ( with the exception of uncontaminated atmospheric air and water ) is completely controlled and is not allowed to disperse into the wider environment , it 's a clean process . 
  after all , environmental problems are associated with uncontrolled and dispersed waste , it 's not affected by stuff that 's sealed away . 
  it 's a useful term that is certainly not bullshit . 
  eh , i think the only real difference is that poland and czechia want to join the eurozone , while sweden does n't . 
  for as long as erm ii is optional , the obligation is politically meaningless , even though it is an underhanded subversion of a symbolic gesture . 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  man , give a mile , and they ask for the world . 
  we 're already making massive headway towards opening up to countries to the east of europe , and fixing them up so there is n't crippling mass migration , we simply do n't have the resources to fix the problems to the south at the same time . 
  amnesty international should show a bit of damn gratitude for once . 
  complaining when there 's issues and falling silent when there are n't is a miserable existence . 
  nice one !, 
  i think a fair bit of it comes from the sentiment that people have n't been asked for their consent enough when it comes to the eu . 
  if we had more referenda on treaty changes , we would n't be in this mess . 
  if it does fall apart , it wo n't be for long . 
  look how long it took for the european ex-soviet republics to reunite again under the banner of the eu instead of the ussr . 
  if russia breaks up , the period of being truly independent states will be brief , followed by a different configuration of unions . 
  in other words correlation is extremely weak to non-existent and that anti-eu sentiment has a different cause ? 
  try matching up the date of the most recent eu-related referendum ( efta/eea/eu membership , treaty change , joining the euro etc. ), 
  with vote for largest radical right ep party . 
  to be honest , i do n't blame people outside the uk . 
  they have absolutely no way to know what it 's like , and have to rely on information coming from news sites . 
  my hate is directed at the sites like torrentfreak which prey on the unavoidable ignorance for their own political aims instead of doing their duty to rectify that ignorance . 
  tell me , have you actually experienced the `` porn filter '' ? 
  guys , you 're being led on by sites like torrentfreak and political groups that are feeding of people who do n't have first hand experience , which is practically everyone world wide and the vast vast majority of people in the uk too . 
  there is no uk porn filter as the term implies . 
  isps have to offer the choice to all new contracts , as a service for parents . 
  it can be easily turned off . 
  nobody 's rights are being denied or anything like that . 
  it does n't come enabled or disabled . 
  you 're presented with the choice when you get the contract . 
  whew , saved it . 
  i 'm honestly happy with how they are , being neutral and without portraits . 
  if it 's possible to do the same thing to notes as they do with the coins , with each nation having their own design within a set of guidelines , that would be way better , but in that case my answer would be similar to the current set on the pound sterling banknotes . 
  i 'd like to see alan turing included , though . 
  we owe a debt to that man like no other . 
  ** united kingdom ** : mainly constitutional stuff . 
  mixed member proportional representation for everything , apart from the house of lords , which i 'll explain in point 2 . 
  set up professional constituencies for the house of lords ( lawyers , doctors , architects , engineers etc. 
  ) , so that lords are elected by their peers in their respective industry . 
  it goes without saying that this would abolish any hereditary peers and the lords spiritual , although there would be a constituency for a theologian , to provide their expertise on religious matters . 
  introduce regional parliaments for england . 
  i 'd consult experts on the best way to do this , but i 'm in favour of giving one to cornwall , and basing the rest in the regions of wessex , east anglia , mercia , and northumbria and others , in a manner by which everywhere in the uk is covered . 
  adjust the powers of the existing bodies of london , scotland , northern ireland and wales to be equal to each other and with the new english regional parliaments . 
  introduce a federal-style taxation system . 
  political education should be compulsory in all schools , and should include the mechanisms and powers of the uk parliament , councils , the eu , and the regional governments . 
  everyone should know the powers of the people they vote for . 
  i would do other things like decriminalising cannabis , but i believe in democracy and i would let the people decide , something which i believe would be far easier in a system of proportional representation . 
  denmark is n't in the euro . 
  they would n't be in the federal state , they 'd be in the same tier as us . 
  so ... yeah , they do get what they want . 
  russia is the definition of a country with potential . 
  it 's just being utterly squandered right now by an elite that wishes to control russia 's neighbours instead of building something greater with them . 
  this is far too much moldova to handle . 
  please do it . 
  it 'll keep everyone connected , but it will also pave the way for a more stable euro and the first real step to create a federal state . 
  everyone gets what they want . 
  i think you just have to pass a bill to join the euro now . 
  i do n't hate them , i love them . 
  the us team may well have broken the seal of popularising football , uh , `` soccer '' in america and brought the country into the fold of practically the rest of the world . 
  they could only have done it through grit , determination and skill . 
  the fact that this match demonstrated the best of football and was so exciting is a win for everyone , and i am grateful for the us team , as well as the belgians , for making it possible . 
  there 's a little bureaucrat inside all of us . 
  hah , that 's bureaucracy speak for doing absolutely nothing about it . 
  ca n't help shake the feeling that drug criminalisation just is n't is n't one of the competencies of the eu , hence why the situation is different in each member state . 
  if anything poland should petition their national government , since they seem to feel the strongest about it . 
  sadly , i fear they do . 
  i do n't know what it is with the italian electorate . 
  driving licences really should serve as id cards . 
  that 's what the [ citizencard ] ( http://www.citizencard.com/ ) is for , although alternatively you can use your passport . 
  yes , although considering that they wo n't go independent as soon as the referendum is passed , i can imagine an arrangement where the uk negotiations for the manner of scotland 's separation will happen at the same time as eu negotiations for membership . 
  scotland would join the eu simultaneously to its independence , so there 's no real period where scottish people wo n't be eu citizens , and they 'd be allocated their seats in the relevant institutions . 
  however , the issue is that scotland 's membership will be new because it 's a new country , unlike the rest of the uk which would be the successor state . 
  they would therefore be obligated to join the euro at some point , as well as joining the schengen area , because the opt-out deals can only be made at the time of the relevant treaty 's creation . 
  that last one is important because it means there can not be a common travel area between scotland and the uk like there is between the uk and the republic of ireland . 
  there 's either going to be a border wall or ( more likely ) the uk and ireland will also join schengen . 
  it 's all kicking off in shropshire !, 
  [ there used to be riots when the police blocked access to stonehenge during the summer solstice .
