  the primary problem with it is n't anti-gay laws , it 's corruption . 
  we should cut aid to countries with high levels of corruption because it is n't getting to the people anyway . 
  this is my time to bring out an unpopular opinion : i 'm a power user , i muck about with computers as a hobby . 
  i build them , modify them , and i 've done countless installations . 
  i 've tried linux a couple of times . 
  i still think windows 7 is the best os currently available for me and for most people . 
  i also think a most of the praise heaped on linux is placed there by people are on a moral crusade to get people to use open source software instead of a better os . 
  i have an android phone , a galaxy s3 . 
  i do n't use it over an iphone because android is open source , although that is a little bonus , i use it because it 's better and more enjoyable to use than an iphone . 
  if linux went the same way i 'd jump on , but it has n't . 
  cheers , i 'll have a read-through tomorrow . 
  wait , you do n't have vegetarian options at your son 's school ? 
  an mep 's opinion on how big the scope of the titp should be should be one of the biggest deciding factors of how you vote in the may elections . 
  from what i can tell , the epp and the conservatives believe in a more comprehensive agreement , while the socalists tend to be much more cautious , and the greens hate it . 
  i 'd like to see the dividing lines get a bit more fleshed out as time goes on , but that seems like a general rule . 
  ah , i learned something today . 
  i suspected it was a non-english language translation thing , but i was n't sure . 
  regardless , i think the eu should accommodate all eu languages properly instead of lazily using literal translations that results in errors . 
  the transparency of the eu is of the utmost concern , and making the terminology easy to follow is pretty important for democracy . 
  that 's the most awkward picture i 've ever seen . 
  you 're right , and we really should change the names . 
  it 's silly that there are words which more accurately describe the positions and yet we call them presidents . 
  also , prime commissioner is really catchy . 
  a nice little pun which gives you enough information to work out how they 're elected . 
  you seriously have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  america very strongly want us in the eu . 
  if they wanted us out , they could have offered us a free trade agreement if we left and we would have . 
  man , i thought people accusing people they disagree with of being american agents was something relegated to the middle east or russia , not the netherlands . 
  yes , but that excludes orphans , so it should be europe of parentorguardianlands . 
  yes . 
  it has a defined and exclusive political character , and is large enough to support itself . 
  it is a `` nation '' with a `` people '' , which gives it the right to self-determination . 
  if spain had just let them vote the first time , they probably would have not wanted independence in the first place . 
  have you ever actually experienced the filter first-hand , because very few of us have . 
  it only comes into play when you 're setting up a new connection , at which point opt-out and opt-in are pretty meaningless terms . 
  it 's just an option you 're presented with that you should be dealing with immediately as you set the connection up , alongside the other equally oppressive tasks like working out where to put your router or typing in your wi-fi password . 
  the idea that it 's somehow anti-porn is laughable . 
  what could such legislation possibly achieve against the porn industry ? 
  barely anybody has it on , let alone knows it exists !, 
  not really . 
  the point about crimea was not that it did n't have a right to leave ukraine , especially considering its fairly autonomous status , it 's that the referendum was n't free ( russian troops everywhere ) nor fair ( no referendum option for the status quo ) . 
  it would have been peachy if crimea had brought in unbiased electoral observers and they had done it before the russians moved in , conspicuously holding guns on the streets . 
  you 're so kind . 
  i think calling it `` a fast-track or automatic membership policy '' gave a different impression than what your actual idea is . 
  it 's not really fast-track , it 's the same system as before , just that it can apply for states that have not yet declared independence but plan to do so . 
  i agree with it . 
  i do n't think that 's a good idea . 
  seceding states will not necessarily have the eligibility or suitability of the `` parent '' state . 
  they are , after all , developing a new legal system , constitution and all that jazz , and they will gain the right to make it whatever they want , even if it 's incompatible with the eu . 
  i think a better way would be an arrangement for any new state that plans to secede from an existing member state will immediately be treated as if it is an eu candidate with high priority for accession negotiations . 
  if they are completed , they will become a new member state simultaneously to their independence . 
  they 'll go through the chapters like everyone else , but most of them will be closed on the first day , assuming they are adopting the existing laws of the parent state . 
  the constitution should definitely be scrutinised , though . 
  how ? 
  turkish citizens keep voting in akp with absolute majorities in proportional representation elections . 
  what can we , non-turkish citizens , do about that ? 
   but many commentors pointed out that for true effectiveness the practice should be abandoned worldwide , or at least , eu-wide . 
  i do n't understand . 
  if finland abandoned daylight saving , which it has every right to , why would it matter what other countries did ? 
  you do n't benefit from forcing the uk , or any other european country to abandon daylight saving . 
  all you achieve is the image of the eu meddling for meddling 's sake , and that 's a far greater loss than any pitiful gain that this could achieve . 
  i really hope the council does n't get up to any funny business . 
  if juncker wins but the council renders him an invalid candidate , there may very well be the first european-level deadlock . 
  no commission president , no commission , no european laws . 
  either the council relents or we have new elections . 
  all that said , i think schultz will win anyway . 
  he 's got a broader coalition , and the epp are going to suffer at the hands of the nationalists . 
  oh right . 
  the proportion of people who said `` never '' . 
  i feel silly now . 
  maps that measure the absence of a value are counter-intuitive . 
  ~ ~ do my eyes deceive me ? 
  a statistic where nordic countries are faring the worst in europe ? ~ ~ ~ ~ how do you guys not have health problems if you do n't exercise ? ~ ~ ignore me , i did a silly . 
  the conservatives are pretty obviously on juncker 's side when it comes down to a choice between him and schulz . 
  the epp will probably need to ally with ecr to win . 
  nuclear waste is not dangerous unless you do something stupid with it , and considering the safety standards nuclear reactors are held to , it is not really possible to do anything stupid with the waste . 
  yes , i 'm 90 % sure it 's recognised everywhere in the uk if you move . 
  eu free trade agreements were specifically mentioned in the debate , and used as one of clegg 's primary arguments for staying in , but there could hardly be a decent debate on the us one because it 's not been agreed upon yet , and it 's not a done deal anyway , it might not happen . 
  all that was to be said about it was already said about it , that the eu , by virtue of being many times larger than the uk in many respects , has more clout to gain better terms of free trade agreements . 
  the decision to accept or reject the us/eu fta is another debate entirely . 
  yes , well , sort of . 
  we 're a screwed up half-federal system , each country has different degrees of devolved power . 
  for the question of marriage , the uk parliament legislates for england and wales , but not scotland or ni , which have separate legal systems . 
  ni , as you said , does not want . 
  the scottish government announced they 'd put the wheels in motion to recognise same sex marriage , but have dragged their heels a bit for some reason . 
  welcome to the weird and confusing world of uk politics . 
  ah well , at least most of the country now recognises it , and couples can always hop the border if they want to get married . 
  small countries do better because they naturally sustain a demos with little government enforcement . 
  it 's simply easier to be heard when you 're in a smaller crowd , and there normally is n't enough money flowing around to exploit constitutional flaws regarding campaigning or political finances . 
  however , this does not make democracy in large counties impossible , it simply leaves them less room for constitutional error . 
  there 's bigger financial players who want to rig politics in their own favour , but they ca n't do that if the law is set correctly to limit them . 
  we may think american politics as terrible , but they 've managed to keep a two party system instead of a single party monopoly like russia has , and at least the government still fears losing power to the other party . 
  there is freedom of speech , and compared to much of the world that 's still a valuable and rare thing . 
  america could , with a few relatively minor changes to its electoral system and political financing laws , be as healthy a democracy as any eu country . 
  i definitely can . 
  as far as i can see , it was a close debate and a good matchup . 
  clegg got off to a weak start with the first question regarding support for having a referendum in the first place , but picked up later with a better command of facts and figures when arguing to stay in or out . 
  farage had powerful charisma as expected , and he probably marginally clinched the lead , but this was definitely no loss for clegg either . 
  it 's a breath of fresh air to properly see the pros and cons of membership taking centre stage at a proper political debate . 
  it 's good for democracy , roll on round two .
