  the microstates of andorra , monaco and san marino may also one day join if the eu sorts out a suitable version of membership that can be scaled to such small countries . 
  that said , most of those countries are n't particularly powerful economically , with the exception of turkey , which is n't going to join any time soon . 
  well , they used to be pretty promising , people just thought that if they cyprus dispute was resolved it would be peachy . 
  nowadays ... eeeeeeh . 
  tiny and fairly wealthy population . 
  once you get a connection to iceland , it 's not that expensive or difficult to get everyone online . 
  compare to the united kingdom , which has nearly 200 times the population and requires way more infrastructure . 
  i really do n't think there is a decent diplomatic solution to be had here . 
  swiss politicians are bound constitutionally to adhere to the results of that referendum within the time limit ( 3 years , i think ? 
  ) , and there is no way to satisfy that referendum without violating both sets of the bilateral treaties . 
  i can only see three solutions : 1 . 
  the eu threatens to use the guillotine clause unless a new referendum is called and passed in switzerland which cancels the old referendum . 
  the eu invokes the guillotine clause , either pro-actively or after a failed bid to get a cancelling referendum passed in switzerland . 
  a new set of treaties is built from the ground up , and the swiss economy is brought to turmoil . 
  the eu lets the swiss get away with it , giving countries like the uk a precedent to leave the eu and start a swiss-style arrangement where the breakaway countries picks and chooses whatever it wants . 
  sure it could be , but we 've already come a long way . 
  world war ii , where most european countries were at war with each other , is still in living memory . 
  building from that takes time . 
  it 's getting better though . 
  the parliament now elects the commission president in a prime minister-style candidacy and appointment , and that guy proposes the rest of the commission , which again has to be approved by parliament . 
  i think the next step , possibly in the 2018 election , would be the groups who form the coalition which elect the commission president demanding the political makeup of the other commissioners , and a greater politicisation of the commission as a whole . 
  they 'll probably enforce this by threatening to block the second vote on the overall commission . 
  add in a later rule that commissioners have to be meps and voila , you 've got a government and a cabinet . 
  i do n't understand how they keep winning at every political and social metric . 
  what 's the deal ? 
  i 'm getting `` papers please '' flashbacks . 
  man , i 've never had anything worse than visa-on-arrival , it must have really sucked for moldovans . 
  i would n't call it a large margin , but you 're right in saying that the epp seems to be pulling ahead . 
  i get the feeling that schultz would be a more assertive and interesting president , but he 's incompetent at fiscal matters , whereas juncker is a boring john major type . 
  not incompetent , but not inspiring either in a body that needs inspiration and movement to survive . 
  i do n't think either of them is what the eu needs right now . 
  i think for us it would have to be coast . 
  and neither do most people support plaid or mebyon kernow . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's a movement that 's gaining popularity right now . 
  i 'm sure you know about [ scotland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_independence_referendum,_2014 ) and [ northern ireland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles ) , but wales has a small nationalist ( as in favouring independence , not the crazy right-wing type ) party called [ plaid cymru ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plaid_cymru ) that has 11 out of 60 seats in the welsh assembly . 
  the existence of a devolved cornish assembly is favoured by the [ mebyon kernow ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mebyon_kernow ) party , which holds 4 out of 123 seats in the cornwall council . 
  there 's also the [ english democrats ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_democrats ) who favour the creation of an english parliament to mirror the scottish one , although despite their relatively big campaign efforts ( i saw massive billboards for them in the last euro elections ) they 've never been successful . 
  as for the others , i think they 're more in consideration of a nationwide comprehensive system of regional assemblies , not as a nationalist movement . 
  i think in general there 's more of a mood that the uk should become a federal state , splitting up england into regions , instead of a partially devolved unitary one , largely brought about by the scottish independence referendum . 
  even if the result is `` no '' , which it likely will , it 's obvious that people are unhappy with the current setup . 
  how the hell can we know ? 
  it 's not going to die any time soon if that 's what you 're asking . 
  no problem . 
  remember to say that the eu has 28 member states , as a lot of literature from before croatia 's accession still references that it has 27 . 
  good luck with your bac !, 
  * honky-tonk piano stops playing , everyone falls silent and looks , sound of bottle smashing * `` we ai n't all federalists in these here parts . '', 
  just kidding , the high representative for foreign affairs etc. 
  still exists , she 's [ baroness catherine ashton ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high_representative_of_the_union_for_foreign_affairs_and_security_policy ) , the commissioner from the uk . 
  croatia joined the eu in july 2013 . 
  the upcoming european parliament election is the first where most party groups ( most importantly the european people 's party and the socialists & democrats ) are fielding candidates for the post of commission president , enforced through the ep 's existing powers to reject the european 's council 's nominated candidate . 
  essentially it 's making the commission president similar to a prime minister of the eu . 
  there 's been a rise in euroskeptic and nationalist parties across europe since 2009 , although not yet with a big enough majority to affect european lawmaking . 
  ukip does n't really know how to vet and regulate its posters , literature and candidates properly , because there are few genuinely experienced politicians within the party . 
  they 're just a bunch of people who do n't know what they 're doing , but fine with continuing because it 's apparently still winning them votes . 
  i think we did that one year , then gave up on it . 
  i think the bbc just calls an act and see if they 're up for doing it . 
  heh , that 's true that it 's just called ireland , though i think we say republic of ireland because otherwise it really gets confusing . 
  irish people seem to be cool with the name roi , anyway . 
  if the fyrom refused to be called the `` republic of macedonia '' and only wanted to be called `` macedonia '' then i 'd be a tad less sympathetic . 
  you 've got the sovereign state and the region in the analogy mixed up . 
  if we 're going to draw the parallels correctly , the greek region of macedonia should be called southern macedonia and the fyrom should be called the republic of macedonia , and the nationals thereof should be macedonians . 
  my country borders a country that 's called the republic of ireland , even though part of the island of ireland ( a historic and ancient name ) is in fact in the united kingdom , and is not under the roi 's jurisdiction at all . 
  the roi does not claim sovereignty over northern ireland , and the uk does not claim sovereignty over the whole of ireland . 
  we do not demand that they call themselves the republic of southern ireland either . 
  this is why i ca n't help but disapprove of greece 's objections . 
  it 's fine that the republic of macedonia does n't cover all of the historic region of macedonia !, 
  they have n't got a better name to call themselves !, 
  greeks and macedonians , please resolve your dispute over historical events and cultural figures in a way that actually addresses history and education , instead of via a petty and unrelated proxy naming dispute . 
  if we can let it go , why ca n't you ? 
  that 's so weird . 
  where does the dress design come from , if not from romania , then ? 
  is it just an evolution of the culture ? 
  eeeeh , i 'm more considering the word in the question to mean the nationality instead of the ethnicity , considering that as far as the eu and the four freedoms go , you ca n't have one without the other . 
  could n't say it better myself . 
  if i 'll be honest , i have n't met many romanians . 
  it 's just seen as a far-away relatively poor country , like bulgaria or croatia , from the uk 's perspective . 
  however , when i went to brussels for a visit to the parliament and to see life in brussels in general , i met a very interesting romanian girl working at a bar owned by her family . 
  she spoke a ridiculous number of languages , casually switched to perfect turkish to english to french to arabic to romanian to german as the regulars came and went . 
  as someone who knows only english and a middling grasp of french , it blew my mind . 
  she held a bachelor 's degree in some scientific subject i ca n't recall . 
  anyway , we basically talked about what romanians are like , bearing in mind the romanian gypsy stereotype i was aware of . 
  she said that there are basically two types of romanians . 
  one is massively aspirational , educated and hard working , yet hard done-by . 
  the other are what people identify as gypsies , for which the stereotype is entirely true . 
  you can tell the difference at a glance because the women in the former group almost always wear trousers , and the latter wear dresses . 
  needless to say , the entire family at the bar wore trousers , and during the rest of my stay i frequently spotted the traditional romanian dresses worn by beggars . 
  basically , it 's impossible to describe romanians as a single group , because they 're culturally divided into two completely different camps . 
  as far as i 'm aware , no , not really . 
  it 's a big problem . 
  moldova 's going to be a bit of a struggle to manage i reckon , but i think it 's important to at least try . 
  if it succeeds , europe will be a more peaceful and secure place for it . 
  there 's norway we can squeeze any more puns out . 
  nope , they 're both [ accession chapters ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/community_acquis ) , 11 and 13 respectively , out of 35 . 
  irish to greece the wheels of this pun thread a little more . 
  hang on , what exactly is wrong with importing from the us ? 
  no thanks . 
  i do n't want all of my data stored in one easy-to-steal package . 
  if we want to do the whole e-democracy thing , i would want my electoral register data to be on a separate card , anyway . 
  it 's bad enough with uk passports , which are so valuable that they 're usually kept under lock and key at nearly all times , and held on to tightly going to and from hotels . 
  can you imagine how valuable a comprehensive eu id would be to identity thieves ?
