  in the past we were just dominated by two parties ( first past the post , spoiler effect yadda yadda yadda ) , labour and the conservatives , who kept getting majorities . 
  in 2010 neither party got a majority and the conservatives went into coalition with the liberal democrats . 
  now , in scotland following the failed independence referendum , labour 's support has collapsed in favour of the scottish national party , and the lib dems have taken a beating with their votes going everywhere , so the snp has a good shot of being the new third largest party despite advocating for the breakup of the uk and wo n't help any party that does n't move our nuclear submarines out of scotland which no major party wants to do . 
  the conservatives have lost two defecting and re-elected mps to ukip and still have an internal struggle on europe that cameron is barely holding on to , labour is struggling to argue that it still is a party for working class people , not to mention the common view that their leader ed miliband is a weak leader . 
  even the greens are trying to edge themselves into being a sort of ukip of the left . 
  it 's utter chaos . 
  wait , i thought we already sorted this out ? 
  while i think that this book sounds way off the mark in many respects , i wonder what the breakup of the russian federation would be like if it happened . 
  presumably each of the republics would take some very different paths , and there would be conflicts between the new countries just like there were between many states coming from the soviet union because of borders not designed for independent states . 
  perhaps some of them would try to join the european union . 
  who is `` our own '' ? 
  my identity is a great series of groups nested in each other , i 'm east anglian , english , british and european . 
  my citizenship is simultaneously and officially british , european and commonwealth . 
  my language , a great part of how i think and who i am , is shared with more nations than any other and the second greatest number of total people in the world . 
  i think i 'm qualified to say that who `` my own '' is does not necessarily lie exclusively at the bounds of this island-and-a-third . 
  i 'll agree that japan really beats anyone else in terms of industry size relative to circumstances . 
  the thing is that we ca n't * not * have a close relationship with america , or the other anglosphere countries , when it comes to our cultural industries . 
  we 'll never find out if we could truly do it on our own because , well , empire . 
  so long as we still keep making lots of stuff , no matter where it goes in the end , i 'm fine with it . 
  it 's not a competition . 
  if you 're measuring it by funding and distribution instead of actually making content , the answer is pretty obvious when we share a language with a country with nearly 5 times of our population . 
  besides , a hell of a lot of american producers come here too . 
  it 's a cultural exchange thing . 
  our music and film industry is enormous relative to our population . 
  it 's good that they follow the law literally . 
  the answer is to change the law , not to give the authorities lee-way in their interpretation of the law . 
  some obscure language like basque or kyrgyz or something i 'd get , but russian ? 
  we went through that whole cold war thing and nobody at the foreign office could understand russian ? 
  jerusalem is widely considered the unofficial anthem of england . 
  but yeah , it is magic . 
  hehe , yeah , true . 
  i 've always found the eu/eea/efta groupings to be a mess and not particularly in the spirit of the eu . 
  you could have just said eea countries , since eu countries are also eea countries . 
  it 's not a u-turn , they not doing the opposite of what they were doing before . 
  at worst it 's a course direction , which is what you 'd expect any competent exchequer to do . 
  talking about economics in purely ideological terms does n't work , most of it is management , crisis handling and competence . 
  most people do n't think `` boo austerity/yay austerity '' , not even tories think that , they think `` who do i think would be best at running the economy ? '' . 
  this is one of the mistakes labour made that caused its downfall . 
  cheers . 
  / r/ukpolitics is definitely closer to the actual population , albeit still with a liberal relative leaning . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is definitely very lefty . 
  i consider myself centre-right and certainly enjoy myself far more in / r/ukpolitics . 
  thing is that generally speaking when people choose to leave a party or no longer participate in it , that 's not really recorded at the time . 
  the vast majority do n't declare that they 're renouncing their membership , they just let their memberships lapse and fade into the ether . 
  people who join , on the other hand , are immediately recorded and tallied . 
  the official figure right now is the 100 % most optimistic possibility . 
  we will only know what the real membership figures are like in a year or two 's time . 
  i think i need a map . 
  from what i can tell our turnout for general elections is pretty average . 
  when we want to tell an organisation what we think of them or what they 've done , doing it face to face is seen as improper , and instead should be laid out in writing . 
  we 're not more politically engaged or opinionated than most people , we just express it differently . 
  i wonder if we 'd constantly be making jokes about the name `` doggerland '' . 
  we 've already largely stopped caring about calais , even though nothing really changed there . 
  and the un has only contributed to the breakdown of european unity by favouring a position of open borders which most member states find untenable . 
  they should have stayed neutral and supported dialogue for a common response , not lobbied for one side . 
  they 've lost a lot of good will during this crisis . 
  thank god schulz did n't become commission president . 
  i 'm fairly confident we 'll see him stand down around 2018 . 
  it 's the only threat to them now , but even then , facing an alternative of a genuinely left wing socialist labour plus scottish nationalists is a good incentive for the tories to stick together . 
  they 've got good odds for 2020 . 
  the conservatives have won the next election if they do n't do anything stupid . 
  that would count as doing something stupid . 
  i did carbon capture and storage for my thesis . 
  there are technologies to react co2 and so2 with lime , effectively binding it to a solid , and you can later release it elsewhere for compression , but at the end of the day any option is expensive and not very mature . 
  even then it 's unclear , since mixed member proportional representation and its semi-proportional sister the additional member system also includes single-member constituencies . 
  poland really needs an electoral commission to manage these wordings . 
  only local council and house of commons elections use fptp . 
  the scottish parliament , welsh assembly and london assembly use the additional member system . 
  the northern irish assembly uses stv , as does european elections in northern ireland . 
  european elections in great britain ( scotland , england , wales ) uses d'hondt pr with large multi-member constituencies . 
  most mayors and police and crime commissioners are elected with the supplementary vote system . 
  it 's all a bit of a mess , especially if you live somewhere like scotland . 
  i like to think that complaining about it a lot is a good thing in the long run . 
  much like a good political opposition tends to make governments better , a population that does n't shy away from criticising the bbc means that it 's held to much better standards of neutrality and quality . 
  i 've said for a while now that the bbc really should open up a subscription service to its raw content ( tv channels + iplayer ) to the eu at the same price as the license fee . 
  there 's obviously a massive demand for it , and it would mean either better funding for the bbc or cheaper license fees for everyone . 
  plus , it further boosts our soft power on the continent . 
  everyone wins . 
  it 's almost certainly because of us . 
  it 's not even a question of halves . 
  ukraine is a huge country landwise and the east ukraine conflict region is n't actually that big , about the size of slovenia . 
  plus the exceptions were big things like a guarantee that the eu would n't violate ireland 's armed neutrality , and could n't strengthen its rules on taxation . 
  we 're on the edge of being pro-eu enough to actually sign up to be a member but anti-eu enough to complain about it a lot . 
  ireland was voting on a new treaty , not on their membership . 
  yup , totally agreed . 
  ukip is the driving force behind the scenes , and the euroskeptic conservatives are themselves also afraid of them . 
  even if they wo n't bring down the government , though , i can imagine they could still cause chaos in some close votes and give cameron a real headache . 
  it 's not just ukip , it 's holding together his own party . 
  if the euroskeptic wing of the conservatives withdraw their support , cameron 's government collapses and all the hard work winning the last election will be wasted . 
  he 's going to do what is necessary to win the referendum and no more . 
  they 're crown dependencies , which is to mean that they are under the allegiance of the british crown directly and not via an ownership of the united kingdom . 
  they 're essentially tiny autonomous countries , but they have a sort of free association agreement so the uk stands in for them on certain things like defence , citizenship and diplomacy . 
  any laws which cover both the uk and any of the crown dependencies can only be enacted with explicit permission of both parties , like a treaty . 
  ah , yes , fair enough . 
  if the migrants take the money , they 'll just use it to pay for a second trip . 
  it 's funny how times have changed . 
  i guess inferring mongol heritage is supposed to be somehow insulting , but i immediately think of hardened , badass conquerors marching through the steppes , like a cross between romans and vikings . 
  i think a simple solution to the commission 's legitimacy problem would be to take from the westminster system and require all commissioners to be meps . 
  ukraine is n't in nato . 
  the budapest memorandum was a safety guarantee that we would n't invade ukraine ourselves , not a guarantee that we would defend them against other attackers .
