  but not all ? 
  eh , sorta but not really . 
  it 's the fact that the order from the echr reads more like some kind of royal decree without any sort of argument to reinforce it . 
  as you can probably guess , the uk 's politicians and public has a bit of a problem with that kind of thing , as it largely defines the political history of this nation . 
  i suppose that 's a fundamental root of the prevalent euroskepticism too . 
  the echr needs to make its case . 
  it can win it , and this is political ground that actually does n't matter too much , but i think pretty much all of parliament wants the echr to reason with it and put them into a more equitable relationship . 
  or they could just fine us and sour things further . 
  also , see jedibeeftrix 's point . 
  that 's fair enough . 
  just thought i 'd let you know . 
  you do realise that labour oppose prisoner voting rights too , right ? 
  even the lib dems are n't saying anything , although they never seem to say anything about anything these days . 
  this is n't to do with ideology , this is to do with not seeming subservient , which is very bad for electability . 
  what i would like to see is a quick summary of the reasoning behind the echr 's ruling . 
  you do realise that labour opposes prisoner voting rights just as much as the conservatives , right ? 
  even the lib dems seem to be tacitly supporting the cross-bench defiance . 
  we got ta get some cypriots in here . 
  in any case , congrats , / r/europe !, 
  good , this is precisely the kind of thing the eu should be doing . 
  let 's hope they follow through with it . 
  conservative here , while the anti-eu crowd is louder and more cohesive , it 's not necessarily overwhelming . 
  it 's a huge party and this is an issue that has really divided it . 
  if there was no major division , then there would be no such thing as ukip . 
  that 's a valid point . 
  it 's possible that turkey could start to become more `` european '' politically , their membership may become more viable , but right now they fly way low of the mark . 
  how does that even ... why ? 
  surely that 's a no-brainer . 
  that would be fine with me . 
  there 's a lot of ways to go about it , we have the models of so many democratic nations to choose from . 
  as for the latter , is n't that more or less how it works already , with respect to the number of seats per member state ? 
  unelected * and * with power . 
  i do n't mind people who are unelected and do n't have power , i happen to be both unelected and without any noteworthy political power myself . 
  what you 're describing is similar to many of the `` appointed '' members of the house of lords , whom are both selected and approved by the elected house of commons . 
  the level of abstraction is enough that it common parlance to say they are an unelected body . 
  i can not influence who they are or their opinions in any meaningful way , even with the world 's biggest campaign behind me . 
  if necessary ( but i do n't see how it is ) , keep the commission but maintain it as a `` checks and balance '' body like the lords . 
  that said , i hate how the lords currently works , and i wish meps appointed each other like a government to form the commission instead . 
  give meps and all of the elected people way more power , basically , and conversely take away as much power as possible from unelected people . 
  people do n't see their meps as their representatives , but a way for the eu to dismiss claims of a democratic deficit while still largely avoiding public opinion . 
  consequently , voter turnout is low . 
  the citizens should make up the eu , not the unelected commission . 
  eh , we say we 're not proud , but what we actually mean is that we wo n't give you any indication about our true opinions on national pride because it does n't matter . 
  that 's not how the treaty works , and if the eu wants to change it , it 'll trigger our `` more power to eu = referendum '' law . 
  since it 's pretty obvious the eu does n't want to give such an influential choice to the british public right now , you 're going to have to live with unanimous decisions . 
  alternatively , you could kick us out . 
  that 'll set a nice precedent for greece , spain and italy . 
  there 's of course the third option ; the eu could reform itself democratically , run a huge campaign for itself in the uk , then intentionally trigger a referendum . 
  if the eu wins , you can have your majority vote . 
  that 's just how this game works . 
  this would be great if meps actually had more power . 
  thanks for asking !, 
  honestly , the eu needs a * lot * of reforms , mainly to do with the status of the european parliament and the power of meps in relation to the commission . 
  to cut it short , i believe the commission should be dismantled and have its powers transferred to the european parliament , thus forming a bicameral system with the council of the european union . 
  as usual , the parliament passes by majority , but the council passes by unanimity , unless a dissenting council member is offered an opt-out revision by the european parliament for his/her represented nation . 
  this means the role of an mep is much clearer and more meaningful , as well as putting the parliament at nearly the top of the eu . 
  the only thing i do n't want to give up is 1 . 
  the right of any nation to leave the eu by way of referendum should that nation 's government hold one and 2 . 
  the right to veto in the council . 
  simple : educate the masses on what the european union actually is and how it works . 
  we do it in terms of national and local politics each election , but never the european ones . 
  a popular phrasing amongst ukip is something along the lines of `` should the united kingdom renegotiate its relationship with the european union ? '', 
  i 'm conflicted about whether i 'd say yes or no , but i 'm leaning towards no . 
  we should be putting our efforts towards reforming the eu , not leaving it . 
  the word you 're looking for is [ abrahamic religion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abrahamic_religions ) , which draws from a shared history . 
  they 're not variations from one another any more than humans are a variation of a chimpanzee . 
  the common ancestry is ancient enough that the faiths have considerably diverged alongside the cultures each has fostered . 
  there are such a thing as irish gypsies who are culturally distinct from the roma and are n't part of the issue . 
  god i hate how stupid people are when it comes to nuclear power . 
  the european parliament has the potential to be the solution to the democratic deficit of the eu . 
  however , the eu considers it a `` check and balance '' body instead of a true legislative and executive branch like it should , and as such is incapable of performing its intended function to any reasonable degree . 
  of course , even as its role as a check and balance the europarl has made the eu more democratic , but consequentially it has also caused complacency in many of the eu 's supporters and the perception of some that such a democratic deficit does n't exist , reducing the likelihood that the problem will ever be addressed correctly . 
  additionally , the lack of power of the europarl has caused voters ( at least here in the uk ) to not take the elections as seriously as general or local elections and as such turnout is low , again raising the question of democratic deficit . 
  frankly , it needs reform , the current transitional state is unhealthy for the eu as a whole and i believe it is the primary reason why parties like ukip have convinced such a huge proportion of the uk electorate that it would be better to leave the eu . 
  it 's such a cool idea , but it needs urgent fixing , and the eu will lose the uk if it does not . 
  it 's strange , it 's like they do n't understand social cues . 
  do we have to put up a flashing neon sign above the country that says `` compromise with me '' ? 
  excellent !, 
  i do n't think many people will agree with you . 
  yes , that 's the spirit !, 
  cockwombles is an excellent one . 
  where 's that image with the majestic robin in front of the european flag ? 
  i get the reference , and i agree these people really do deserve to be insulted , but when think of all of the words i could use , faggots and fags are boring ones . 
  call them cocksucking arse-bandits or something . 
  you can , but i will choose not to and will form an opinion about your uncreative choice of insult . 
  i may or may not express it . 
  i 'll only be worried about them if they form part of the government , and it 's not like other greek parties would ever consider forming a coalition with them , they 'd have to get an overall majority . 
  we might be talking about them and scrutinising them a lot , but that 's because they 're crazy , not because they have power . 
  likely , yes . 
  whether it actually happens or not is much more than a random chance though . 
  do catalonian sepratists plan to stay in the eu like the scottish nationalists ? 
  because in that case they 're hardly `` going it alone '' . 
  yes , precisely . 
  it would be a really cool development if those unions work out too , although the african one sounds like a hell of a job to pull off . 
  no , the eu only prevents war within itself . 
  it 's not a global peace organisation , although i suspect it hopes that the `` union '' model would be adopted in other continents should it be successful . 
  i 'm not going to say that the eu was the best choice , i think there are better candidates especially with regards to the arab spring , but i 'm just disagreeing with your assertion that obama 's medal was more justified . 
  international conflict is something that has so many tiny causes that it 's impossible to predict over this amount of time , and there will never be a case of a eu country saying to another `` we 'd go to war with you , but we 're in the european union , so oh well '' . 
  even if the eu lasts for a hundred years , you 'll probably never be able to determine if it prevented ( or caused ) any wars . 
  however , wwii pretty clearly demonstrated to all of europe how nationalism is a very direct cause of international war , a lesson so harshly seared into all of our cultural mindsets that many of us are still nervous about flying our national flags on private property .
