  no , you 're probably not . 
  ttip is mentioned a lot here , though the quality of the debate is downright terrible when neither side has barely any information but lots of speculation . 
  that 's not really in opposition to what i 'm saying . 
  if you taxed the rich in order to benefit the truly poor , then you 'd likely be reducing poverty , but that 's not because you 'd be taxing the rich , it 's because you 're benefiting the truly poor . 
  if you burned the money instead it would n't help much . 
  the politics of envy can sometimes blind us to what is actually doing good in the world . 
  not everyone in the 1st world , and the 1st world is n't the whole world . 
  it 's not even most of the world . 
  if literally everyone lived to that standard then i 'm all for re-purposing the word , but that 's not the case . 
  let 's not move the goalposts with what `` poverty '' means ( inability to provide for basic amenities due to low income ) until it has been reduced to the point that the word is useless . 
  people in poverty are not suffering because the rich are too rich . 
  they are suffering because they are too poor and basic amenities are too expensive . 
  extreme inequality is a problem , but poverty trumps it . 
  i 'm glad that global net progress has been recognised . 
  while i think you 're right that that 's what has happened , i think he 's also right that he should be paid minimum wage of whatever it is in the brussels capital region . 
  eh , do n't get me wrong , i think the majority of the discrepancy is almost certainly down to sexism , but i would like to see some factors eliminated . 
  probably wiser to phase them out slowly so that we 're sure that the number wo n't immediately plummet again , but yes , i 'd consider 40 % -60 % acceptable . 
  at the end of the day there are some jobs which men perform better at for physical reasons . 
  being a manager is not one of them . 
  i think you can allow for a certain amount of variation , like say up to 60 % . 
  a more helpful metric might be to weight it for male : female population ratio in each country though , since men are far more likely to die in wars and that can change the balance in some countries . 
  til bosnia is n't landlocked . 
  that 's a comically small coastline though . 
  i 'm thinking more that a different group , like islamic state or something , committing terrorism via north africa , not conventional warfare . 
  north africa is certainly the kind of place that a future threat could come from , though . 
  it 's full of unstable governments , islamist groups and failed states . 
  heh heh , yes ... joking . 
  of course . 
  good to have jokes . 
  happy times . 
  i 've always liked that white-red-white flag . 
  it 's unique but still very european , and represents to me belarus ' potential to be a successful and free european democracy . 
  maybe i 'll see it officially raised again one day . 
  we 're basically neck and neck with france . 
  if trends continue , there will be a moment where france , germany and the uk will all have very similar populations . 
  i 'm with you on that one . 
  the bbc right now is missing a trick by not selling iplayer licenses to eu citizens . 
  i can admit that the concept of slow land border controls is probably one that i ca n't really appreciate and probably never will . 
  if i want to leave the country , then that has to involve being shuttled in some kind of transport with other people which can get past water , and the bottleneck is almost always the ( understandable ) security checks , not the passport controls . 
  i fully support the use of the phrase `` to go romania '' to mean massive purging and prosecution of corrupt officials . 
  i think simply giving `` state services '' ( as in services that are subsidised in part or in whole by the state ) an opt-out exception is probably much easier than trying to tackle the very blurry definition of `` geoblocking '' as opposed to `` geolocation '' . 
  the point of this idea is to stop the likes of netflix picking and choosing eu countries to release to , not to make bbc iplayer inconvenient to use . 
  that still requires the application of geoblocking , though , unless we all switch to an account-based system including uk viewers , which is a bit of an unnecessary effort for us . 
  you guys should totally be able to pay the license fee and watch live bbc content though . 
  we could probably make the fee even cheaper . 
  i 'm not , the end-game here is that everyone involved becomes part of the eu so such differences really should stop mattering so much , but nation states make for good foundations for federations or pseudo-federations . 
  it 's a national pastime . 
  i have a big map and a felt-tip pen and everything . 
  i do n't think referenda are necessary unless there 's some significant kosovar population i 'm not aware of , the [ region of serb majority municipalities that make up north kosovo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_kosovo ) is already well known by all sides . 
  the republic of kosovo has been unable to maintain control in these regions , and they 're contiguous with serbia . 
  it just seems like an obvious solution , and to be honest it could be consistent with kosovo 's own justification for declaring independence with serbia in the first place . 
  northern ireland . 
  i ca n't wait for the day that we stop messing around with this balkan nonsense . 
  the serbian regions of north kosovo should be returned to serbia . 
  serbia should then allow the rest of kosovo to secede , at which point kosovo should be able to choose their own fate with respect to europe or albania . 
  it is the solution which satisfies the most people . 
  no , but war rolls the dice on political systems and borders and sometimes ( albeit uncommonly ) they end up as more favourable arrangements than before , in which case they are far less likely to break out into war again . 
  we 're not inherently better or more peaceful than our ancestors , but the systems that are good at keeping us from killing each other and keeping themselves in check are generally selected for . 
  for example , there are few absolute monarchies left , and religious demographics match borders far better nowadays . 
  i think the un 's diplomatic services have helped too , not to mention the rise of the trading blocs . 
  nope . 
  i mean , you guys are welcome to help if you want , but overseas territories outside of europe or north america is our responsibility and we would n't expect it from nato . 
  i do n't see why it would . 
  hell , i 'm pretty sure that 's a good asset from nato 's point of view . 
  considering finland and sweden 's position with respect to russia , conscription seems like an appropriate arrangement . 
  personally i think the lib dems would go into coalition with the tories again if they could still make up a majority , though it may be on the condition of a new electoral system for the house of commons . 
  ukip wo n't hold the balance of power . 
  many things are uncertain in this election , but that 's not one of them . 
  sometimes i think that deep down all anybody really wants in life is to be represented by a well respected flag . 
  unfortunately rationality is not a qualifier to either vote or hold a gun . 
  it is their choice . 
  i think it 's a stupid choice because the eu could do a lot to fix serbia 's problems , but it 's their choice to make nonetheless . 
  on the other hand these protests may not be representative . 
  let 's be honest here , we 've seen loads and loads of these all over europe in the past few years and not a single one has ever achieved anything . 
  being `` anti-austerity '' is a ) negative and b ) really broad . 
  it has no specific demands for the government to actually do . 
  spend ? 
  spend on what ? 
  there 's hundreds of things . 
  this is nuanced and complicated and includes things which you may or may not support being spent on , and that 's at odds with anyone trying to send a clear message with a placard on the street . 
  if you want change , vote . 
  spain even has proportional representation so there 's no excuse . 
  yep , and i think the assumption is pretty justified too . 
  right , exactly . 
  trying to secure a corridor to transnistria would be way beyond the current mission and is something that i do n't think russia can afford to do . 
  besides , it 's not that valuable and was only worth sustaining while it was cheap to do so . 
  in my opinion , russia already sacrificed transnistria when it violated ukraine 's territorial integrity . 
  their region of destabilising influence has now retreated to donbass . 
  negotiations involve carrots and sticks , and the new stick is economic isolation , which is a game-changer . 
  it almost certainly will never end up like that , and nobody wants to see the people there starved , but transnistria will realise when it 's been checkmated and will act accordingly . 
  i 'm excited because it could mean one less war in the world , frozen or otherwise , and another step towards absolute peace and the rule of law in europe . 
  transnistria enables a lot of trafficking and smuggling and is in general a thorn in the side of that part of the world . 
  it 's progress . 
  retaliation how ? 
  they 've already spent a lot on invading ukraine and have n't actually taken much land at all . 
  they do n't have the element of surprise and ukraine is very much mobilised to defend itself from further incursion . 
  called it . 
  russia left transnistria too long , and how it 's stuck between two countries which have good relations with each other and terrible relations with russia . 
  transnistria only works as a country because russia could operate through ukraine . 
  now that is no longer the case , transnistria 's days are running out .
