  the eu exists to replace that nationalism with a more co-operative pan-european sentiments . 
  even if it ultimately fails , the theory is logical and you ca n't fault their ambitions . 
  obama , on the other hand , was the first black president of the united states , which in terms of preventing wars does n't hold a torch to the eu . 
  i 'd even argue that obama 's election was mostly a sign of the times rather than through effort on his part . 
  hrm , no , i think obama getting it was far less justified than this one . 
  at least the eu 's stated purpose was to prevent wars , whereas obama was not . 
  oh , i agree , the argument for a european airspace is compelling . 
  i 'll just be a little bit pissed off if my taxes go towards paying a fine , and additionally i wonder if unifying our airspaces would trigger our `` more power transferred to the eu = referendum '' law . 
  it does depend on if we 'd already signed up for it before said law was implemented , i think . 
  i think nations are falling behind because nobody was aware that it was something that was planned . 
  why do n't they tell the public this ? 
  airspace is a big deal . 
  oooh . 
  if people were educated about it , two-way dialogue and democratic reform could start , and the eu has a chance of changing to the extent that people would indeed welcome it more . 
  the current nature of the eu proves that change is never going to happen in its own . 
  i hate to repeat it so many times on this subreddit , but the european parliament is such a cool idea . 
  political parties from 27 different nations participating in a single forum for pan-european legislation , the most diverse parliament ever created . 
  it 's not like the uk is n't unfamiliar with the concept of political unions , it 's an example of a successful one itself . 
  to give a bit of a perspective on why the uk is so anti-eu , the fact is that nobody from brussels or any eu country has ever explained or demonstrated to the public why the eu is a good idea . 
  they 'll do it to the government , sure , but never the public . 
  education about the eu is extremely limited , and our children are not taught about it in the slightest . 
  the average person does n't know the difference between the european commission and the european council , and they do n't see how meps make a difference . 
  the case for the eu has not been made , and the eu seems to refuse to do so . 
  then they turn around and get confused about why they are unpopular . 
  from the average uk citizen 's point of view , the eu exists as an unelected extraneous body of bureaucrats who inexplicably impose laws on the uk . 
  that 's not true , but it is the perception of the majority , and nobody is properly challenging it . 
  the conservatives are in a bind because of their coalition with the liberal democrats , nobody 's going to listen to the liberal democrats , and labour seem to be paralysed by the issue . 
  that leaves ukip , who have the run of public opinion and limited only by their right-wingness and `` old tory '' sensibilities . 
  this whole fiasco is a complete shambles . 
  why is the eu so afraid to sit down with us , talk , and explain ? 
  alas , the only way to force it would be to issue a membership referendum , which would n't give the uk public nearly enough time to come to a rational conclusion after all of these years of neglect . 
  sure it does . 
  they have to put up with the bullshit that the intolerant non-trivial minority do with the name of their religion . 
  the people that are protesting and killing and smashing up shops are defining islam in the eyes of everyone else . 
  for example , if the westboro baptist church starting running protests in my country , you bet i 'd be counter-protesting . 
  i do n't think you 're ever going to satisfy the public by claiming that a political system wherein the lawmakers are n't elected can still be a democratic one . 
  the overall direction of the eu is not decided by the parliament , it is just limited by it when there is sufficient outrage . 
  seriously , why the hell do n't party groups have the power to propose laws ? 
  oh i see , you 're trolling . 
  you 're not really thinking this through , are you ? 
  i am fed up with censorship by religions . 
  the only way to stop these people is to saturate them with `` blasphemy '' and never give in . 
  surge is a relative word . 
  sweden has an electoral system based on proportional representation and even then it ca n't get a seat out of the 349 available . 
  if they ca n't even do that , i consider this non-news . 
  i do n't say this often about guardian articles , but this is completely spot on . 
  democratic legitimacy , adherence to fundamental principles , building from the ground up and de-obfuscation . 
  this is how you win the argument against parties like ukip , not by preventing a referendum , but by winning the referendum . 
  the only thing is that i think it should be put to referendum in every member state . 
  this is too important and fundamental to be passed by parliaments . 
  well , i suppose it 's better that they caught on to this now than never . 
  chances are you did actually read the whole title , but you are only pretending not to do so for humorous effect . 
  ( thank you ! ), 
  that one is going to wildly vary from school to school . 
  for me , high school got worse than middle school . 
  ah , he means the eu as in the institution instead of the region it represents . 
  if eu citizens all spoke english ( if i 'm not mistaken , the majority do already ) , things would get done a lot more efficiently . 
  the fact that the eu institution is multi-lingual is just the best of a bad job . 
  i 'm curious , how are the contributions assigned ? 
  the net loss that the uk has with the eu is one of ukip 's most prominent arguments . 
  i see what you mean . 
  to be honest , it does n't just lie in the viciousness of the right-wing 's campaigns though , it 's also pretty clearly the case that the campaigns of pro-europe groups have ranged from poor to non-existent . 
  from the public 's point of view , all they 've heard is the phrase `` more integration '' , which may as well be an inhuman voice saying `` you will be assimilated , resistance is futile '' . 
  instead , i would really like to see campaigns along the lines of `` working to reform a european union into one the uk can be proud of '' , or `` the european parliament is an amazing concept when you think about it , let 's take powers from the unelected bodies and give it back to the people , together '' . 
  personally , i want the uk to seriously take the lead in drawing up a new treaty , putting the european parliament at the top of all lawmaking , a serious campaign for european participation , and then a referendum . 
  if we do n't consider the british people as deserving to have a voice on membership of the eu , then how does the concept of the uk having any kind voice in the eu have any meaning ? 
  these are basic democratic principles , and we would n't be having this problem if the eu actually took the effort of becoming more democratic ( and stating its case that it is doing so ) in the first place . 
  ugh , i 'm starting to sound like someone from ukip . 
  it just pisses me off how even other european governments do n't seem to care about the democratic rights of uk citizens . 
  i do n't know why it is n't on anybody 's minds to try to convince the uk to say `` no '' to the referendum . 
  instead , it 's about trying to stop the referendum from happening in the first place . 
  this complete and utter lack of trust in democracy is why the uk is tempted to leave in the first place . 
  bitch louder then . 
  from what i understand , the stormont and westminster elections are separate . 
  sinn f\u00e9in chooses to field candidates in both elections , but for whatever seats they win in westminster , they choose not to attend . 
  as a unionist , i do n't think they should do it , but they have that right . 
  in effect , they are `` elected '' to both , but only `` represented '' in stormont as a matter of personal choice . 
  what are they supposed to do instead ? 
  i do n't see people bitching about sinn fein for not attending westminster . 
  perhaps , but you 're not going to get anywhere with that line of thought . 
  golden dawn are very open about their similarities with the nazis . 
   if anything , you should be wary of giving more power to the commission and the council of europe , which are unelected bodies that have more influence in the eu than the parliament . 
  strengthening the parliament is not something to be afraid of at all . 
  then we are in agreement . 
  i personally love the idea that the political parties of 27 nations all make up a single parliament , and that 's what i want to throw every power at . 
  i just want guarantees that it 's not given to the unelected council and commission , and so does a huge chunk of the electorate here . 
  if the european parliament was the first and last word , passing by majority votes and essentially * being * the eu , then we 've made most of the journey towards making the eu something that the uk can be proud to be a part of . 
  as inabritishaccent said , well argued . 
  there 's a lot of constitutional things that could be fixed without necessarily throwing more power at the eu . 
  the president should be elected either directly by all of the people or by parliament , which it currently is not . 
  there needs to be far more transparency regarding funding and the `` value for money '' that each state receives in exchange for the money it gives to the union . 
  the european parliament should be at the top of all lawmaking and enacting passed by the eu , and eu citizens should be encouraged to lobby their meps as much as they do their national level representatives . 
  party and party group policies on specific issues should be easily accessible online . 
  i could go on . 
  i recall how it was virtually impossible to access the stance of each party 's stance on the sopa vote , and that was a widely publicised issue ; imagine what it 's like on more subtle issues like economic policy . 
  it 's pretty obvious that there are things to be done before brussels gets more power . 
  that 's not a particularly fair attitude . 
  why not improve the eu so the uk wants to be part of it instead of going for the lowest-common-denominator `` it 's better than outside '' threat ? 
  i guess it 's more of a `` stick with what you know '' thing with me , so i 'll state my bias right there and then . 
  perhaps i 'm being too picky , i would n't really mind how it 's laid out , only that all european citizens can in some way influence the identity of the head honcho , assuming said head honcho has real and exercisable powers and vetoes .
