  that said , it 's all a bit irrelevant because they probably wo n't field one and have no obligation to . 
  eh , europarties make my head hurt , i 'm more concerned about the net alliances in the parliament than about funding and who can and can not campaign . 
  they also tend to expand beyond the eu member states . 
  i 'm going to try to make a diagram of the state of the europarties in the european parliament and see if it helps . 
  possibly the most colourful diagram in existence . 
  i 've only included europarties that are recognised by and get funding from the eu . 
  going to make a new one after the election to compare . 
  also , i just know there 's going to be some defections before the next election to make it out of date . 
  i do know that the european pirate party is trying to get recognised at the moment , so they 'll get their special colour in the greens-efa . 
  also , apparently the `` nordic green left '' is n't actually a party , which surprised me . 
  well , farage is the de facto leader of one of the 7 party groups : europe for freedom and democracy , although they 're not fielding a candidate as far as i know . 
  they might pretend to field one for the purposes of the eurovision debate , though . 
  in the new parliament , they will probably just abstain or vote against any proposed candidate . 
  the entire uk voting for him would n't be enough . 
  as the equal third largest country , we provide 73 of the 766 seats . 
  compare to the european people 's party which currently holds 274 seats . 
  if efd won the next election across europe , they 'd cause a political deadlock and shut the eu legislature down , and we 'd probably see the breakup of the eu . 
  it could n't happen because farage does n't want the job . 
  because the commission was n't really elected before . 
  to be commission president , you have to be proposed by the heads of the national parliaments ( cameron , merkel , hollande etc. ), 
  to the parliament , which either approves or rejects you . 
  this like how the queen offers a prospective prime minister to try to form a government after an election . 
  however , the problem was that in past european elections , the parties gave no indication of who 'd they support , so parliament 's approval was more of a rubber stamping procedure . 
  they worked in the vacuum of the european legislature and just approved each other 's suggestions . 
  however , now , the public knows who the parties would approve of , and as is the case in coalitions , you can get a feel of which parties would work together . 
  it 's ultimately going to come down to centre left and centre right , between [ martin schulz ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martin_schulz ) of the socialists and democrats and [ jean-claude juncker ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean-claude_juncker ) of the european people 's party . 
  you 'll be seeing a tv debate between the two , hosted by eurovision ( yeah , the song-contest guys ) in the near future . 
  no , there 's been european elections since 1979 , every 5 years . 
  however , each new election has had slightly different conditions and rules , and additional participating countries . 
  this year , this is the first election where most party groups are putting forward candidates for the president of the european commission , who will try to win support via a coalition similar to a prime minister . 
  the commission president is the person who selects and leads the european commission for parliament 's approval , the body that proposes legislation . 
  so this may not be the first european election , but it 's the most important one yet . 
  yes . 
  * the * william hague . 
  it 's hard to believe sometimes . 
  remember that this system is pretty unique in that the standard coalition for passing legislation does n't have to be the same coalition that gets the commission president elected . 
  for the day-to-day votes , the grand coalition of pes/epp will inevitably continue , but for the compres , both sides will want to push for their own candidates , which will involve talks with the more extreme groups . 
  the socialists have the advantage of healthy relations with the greens and left , while the epp only really has the conservatives to solidly back them against schultz . 
  the efd and the new nationalist group/conglomerate will likely abstain in either vote , and the lib dems , as always , could go either way . 
  even if the epp is the biggest party , they probably wo n't be able to muster up the support when the socialists can just ask the left-of-centre parties to help them block juncker 's bid and get schultz in instead . 
  my morals says that 's wrong and we should n't stoop to their level , but my sense of awe-inspiring poetic justice says that 's so , so right . 
  worth noting in general that this is actually a terrible result for efd , they 'd actually lose seats . 
  despite the apparent upswing of euroscepticism that was widely predicted , it has barely benefited the established euroskeptic group and instead had flowed to the more extreme nationalist parties that even ukip and lega nord wo n't work with . 
  expect the attempted formation of a far-right 8th group , whose primary barrier to formation is n't to get seats , but to get 7 parties of different nations to agree to work together . 
  also , it 's worth noting that ukip 's goals have wilted significantly in the past year or so . 
  they used to vye for getting the most seats , but now they might not even beat the conservatives and land 3rd place again . 
  the tumultuous success of syriza in greece in upsetting the political establishment has inspired the left , too . 
  man , this election 's going to be exciting and we have n't even had the debates yet . 
  improving the american political system , so situations like this would n't happen , would solve a lot of the world 's problems , i reckon . 
   you mean , do most people think their government is nuts ? 
  is n't that true for every country in the world ? 
  yeah , but being nuts is a spectrum . 
  russia 's ranks far higher on that scale than most european governments . 
  you 're kinda missing the important context where i was outwards expressing the idea that i wanted to give you my wallet anyway due to a change in personal circumstances before the knife came out . 
  how would it be flawed ? 
  take the troops out , let the situation calm down , and have guarantees of protection from both ukraine and russia while the vote happens . 
  this is why the withdrawal of the forces to the russian bases for the next three weeks and during the referendum is crucial . 
  crimea can not have a free and fair referendum while it is occupied . 
  there 's obviously a split in opinion in crimea , and just because there 's an ethnic russian majority does n't necessarily mean that they all want to go join the russian federation . 
  maybe there 's a reason why they 're living in crimea and not russia . 
  that needs to be determined and untangled with a fair vote . 
  not surprising . 
  president turchynov did n't actually have to prevent it , it was flatly unconstitutional and not a power the parliament of the crimea had to give . 
  it 's like if the scottish government held a referendum without consulting the uk government . 
  however , this does not change the fact that crimeans do have a right to self-determination . 
  they are an established political region with a specific character as a unified `` people '' , and as such they are in the right to want a free and fair referendum for their future as part of ukraine or russia . 
  this is what i think ukraine should do ; make a deal with russia . 
  ukraine guarantees the future of the existing russian military bases in crimea for the next 100 years , as well as the protection of ethnic russians in crimea . 
  a referendum should also be held in crimea that states `` should crimea be a part of the russian federation ? '' . 
  this should be organised by the central ukrainian government . 
  both parties will agree to respect the result . 
  in return , russia withdraws its military presence in crimea to the existing russian bases for the next three weeks leading up to and during the referendum , and permanently thereafter if crimea stays in ukraine . 
  aww . 
  as far as we 're concerned , if you give a region an autonomous status with a regional parliament , it has the moral right to initiate secession on condition of the approval of the regional parliament and by a free and fair referendum of the people in that region . 
  it 's not a new precedent for us , we just deal with it by being overly enthusiastic to have the vote and hoping the good will shown prevents a `` yes '' result , but it might be a wake up call for countries like spain . 
  that said , my problem is that having a russian military presence makes a free and fair referendum impossible . 
  i 'd like to see an agreement between russia and ukraine , exchanging the withdrawal of troops for a referendum to either keep the status quo or join the russian federation . 
  as reactorofr said , the eu and russia . 
  okay , so it 's more like civilisation , but you get the idea . 
  the way i see it , both sides will win . 
  the supporters of both parties hate the other 's guts , but depending on how they perform , they 'll both gain some supporters from the labour and conservative bases . 
  i feel like i 'm watching at the edge of the world 's largest chess game between two giants . 
  all i can say is : nice move , i hope it pays off . 
  i 've said it before here , but i 'll say it again , i think russia has actually lost moldova and transnistria in the long term , even if it takes a while to happen . 
  if the kremlin had managed to convince ukraine to engage with them and eventually join the customs union alongside belarus and kazakhstan , moldovan traders would have options between the two markets . 
  transnistria would have aligned itself with the russian sphere and the means for russia to keep them economically viable would solidify into place . 
  however , this has not happened . 
  even if ukraine loses the crimea permanently , or splits into east and west , moldova ( and transnistria ) is going to end up bordering the pro-european regions of ukraine , and will have to align themselves with that market to continue to be viable . 
  transnistria or moldova inside russia or the russian sphere is no longer viable , even if it takes a decade of poverty for that fact to kick in . 
  the way i see it , the moment ukraine 's president left , moldova was set on a path that eventually leads to europe . 
  even if ukraine loses the crimea , or splits into two , moldova can not avoid the fact that it borders * western * ukraine , with a populace set towards integrating with the european market , and romania , an eu member . 
  regardless of whether various groups in moldova are `` pro-russian '' or not , the only way they 're going to survive is aligning themselves with their nearest markets . 
  they might elect the communists again , stop the association agreement and try to have a fling with the russians , but there 's nothing russia can do to give them meaningful access to whatever trade the customs union would provide . 
  it will lead to public dissatisfaction and eventually a change of regime . 
  in addition , i suspect russia is going to have trouble propping up transnistria as time goes on . 
  it really goes to show how devastating the collapse of yanukovych 's government was for russia . 
  i would say france and the uk are the least culpable for this situation of all the eu member states . 
  they 're the countries that are actually willing to put up the spending to maintain something that is appropriate for active european defence . 
  it 's the countries that still do n't trust themselves with a decent military , particularly germany , that are n't putting up the goods necessary to make such an arrangement possible . 
  the best we can do is work with france until other countries catch on to the idea that an eu military means all eu countries spending money on the military .
