  a pleasant place . 
  oh yeah , and somehow is the birthplace of a lot of the most prominent nazis . 
  i recommend listening to this while reading this thread ; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvikz8oe_xa&amp;list=albtkoxrg38bc3ym0cw-kazzlaaahbhns0, 
  i. . . what ? 
  no it 's not . 
  you ca n't just conveniently define it as the short-term problems and brush the long-term ones under the carpet . 
  the euro barely survived and had to do some pretty immoral things to do it !, 
  it 's over when we have a treaty change that restores confidence and either prevents this from happening again and/or minimises the effects if it does . 
  fair enough . 
  let them choose . 
  ah , yeah , that would make sense . 
  i misread , i thought she said it in parliament . 
  shame on me . 
  i. . . actually do n't agree with this . 
  if you 're a member of parliament you should n't have any legal limits on your speech , no matter how hateful it is . 
  this is only going to make the national front more powerful . 
  you !, 
  you stole our summer !, 
  give it back !, 
  while you 're completely right about accession being an effective incentive to resolve problems and improving european nations , my issue is that turkey is a ) huge and b ) not particularly wealthy . 
  from our experiences with poland , bulgaria and romania , it 's clear that with enough difference in relative wealth the citizens of those countries will overcome any attachment to their nation and leave en masse to the wealthier regions . 
  while healthy equilibrium benefits both the union and the accessing nation , sudden changes governing such large populations can be dangerous both socially and economically . 
  in better economic times , i believe we would be able to handle a turkish accession , but right now i think it 's too big of a burden . 
  all that said , i do n't think turkey will join the eu for a while yet . 
  we just have to keep them at the table . 
  there 's so many issues to rectify that we will likely be able to handle it when it happens . 
  that 's the eu 's gamble , and i think it 's a fair bet . 
  i think croatia would be a good one to do next . 
  turkey is such a conundrum . 
  on the one hand , the promise of eu membership is the best incentive for turning turkey into a genuinely secular state and trusted ally , and solving the cypriot problem , and in the long term gaining a powerful and influential member . 
  on the other , turkey is a big country , and right now the eu needs to focus on restructuring the existing states instead of admitting new ones and enlarging the problem . 
  it would benefit from admitting turkey * later * but not * now * . 
  all we can do is to keep these talks going but drag them out until the internal eu problems are sorted . 
  in a sad way , the points of contention in turkey are convenient , they are good excuses to keep turkey at the table but without signing the document . 
  van rompuy is hoping that the eu and turkish issues are solved at broadly the same time , at which point we would welcome them with open arms . 
  it 's a bit of a gamble , but there is no better option . 
  a lot of countries could fit under the banner of half-european , like turkey , azerbaijan , lebanon and israel , and armenia would be one of those . 
  you are welcome to party with us though . 
   as for impressions , i 've never heard anything bad about armenians , but then again armenia seems a quiet place where nothing much really happens . 
  nono , the fifth word . 
  i ca n't type it with a straight face . 
  the euro ... what ? 
  while i would be very happy with this , i speak from a position where i would be naturally biased as it involves no effort on either my part or our irish cousins . 
  what 's the public appetite for this on the continent ? 
  yes , i suppose so . 
  it should read eu-27 , or eu-28 if it includes croatia . 
  it 's just a standard thing that statisticians do nowadays , not quite sure why . 
  you definitely should have written directly elected , the terms are not interchangeable . 
  governments are really considered the greatest degree of separation you can get from the electorate before we stop saying `` elected '' and start saying `` appointed '' . 
  the commission is definitely appointed with some democratic checks from parliament , but it has far greater influence than is proportionate to their degree of democratic accountability . 
  this is the the true meaning of the democratic deficit . 
   bearing in mind , member states ' governments are not elected either i 'm guessing you 're using a strange definition of `` elected '' just to mess with us then . 
  the european parliament is awesome . 
  it 's the most exciting institution in the history of democracy , but the problem is that it does n't have that much power . 
  it forms no coherent government , and does not initiate legislation . 
  meps are not voted for or against according to their actions in the european parliament , as they can easily and justifiably shift the blame over to the european commission . 
  instead , they 're just given seats largely in proportion to their approval rating in a national setting . 
  in addition , turnout is low , and the ep has no real `` direction '' . 
  the potential is there , but it 's not being used effectively enough to call the situation democratic . 
  the moose crying a single swedish-flag tear is a nice touch . 
  hah , i never knew there was a danish version of / r/murica , / r/straya and / r/inglin . 
  none , the eu would still want to trade with us , but they 'll put on tariffs like nobody 's business to dissuade other countries from leaving . 
  while that 's a large factor ( you guys love to speak your minds ) , i 've always had the impression that the french have a cultural inclination to see their own culture and all things `` french '' as something to be actively defended , and i can see that impacting racial intolerance . 
  do you have self service checkout machines ? 
  they 're great for ditching your shrapnel without looking socially awkward . 
  well , at least greece 's economy is n't sliding into oblivion any more , which is pretty impressive . 
  it 's going to be a hell of a job fixing the unemployment and social damage , though . 
  that would be fair enough . 
  we have enough trouble with pennies , euro cents must be a serious pain . 
  that 's a very good point . 
  heh , silly sweden , we love you really . 
  ahh eurovision , the great bastion of british comedy . 
  i wonder , is it well known on the continent how sarcastic our commentary is ? 
  graham norton does a wonderful job , i look forward to the next one . 
  sadly , i only know how to spell it because of eurovision , but hey !, 
  let 's have a european parliament vote over this , i do n't accept that he speaks for the ep on this matter . 
  all member states need to respect the sovereignty of all other member states . 
  til , thanks !, 
  that 's fair enough . 
  i still do n't get what 's the point of the logo though . 
  is there some ceremonial purpose , like an official place where this logo goes ? 
  what 's the point of the logo i mean ? 
  they 're pretty expensive to make . 
  okay . 
  why ? 
  because it fits the narrative of us being a lone dissenting voice . 
  we get that a lot , even when it 's usually not true . 
  yes . 
  sorry , i meant the government prediction being 60,000 . 
  nah , the number i heard was definitely 60,000 . 
  most of the members of our upper house , the house of lords , is appointed in a similar way . 
  we do not consider them elected or have democratic legitimacy , they are mainly there to provide knowledge and experience to amendments . 
  in addition , they can not over-rule the house of commons after 3 rounds of debates , a mechanism which is exercised about once a decade . 
  democratic systems work like clockwork , there are some details that either make or break the democratic roots of the laws being made , and just ca n't be just compensated for in the way you describe . 
  if there 's an appointed element , it needs to be unambiguously be superseded by and serve an elected element . 
  the whole petition thing is great , but it does n't fix anything . 
  the literal `` head of state '' ? 
  probably none . 
  in effective terms ? 
  plenty , especially constitutional monarchies like the uk , and some republics like germany and greece .
