  ukip is therefore a unified front for the `` leave the eu '' vote . 
  edit : reversed my dos and do n'ts . 
  the definition of democracy is not the same as it was . 
  it now includes republics or representative systems . 
  and flavouring . 
  i do n't know the point you 're trying to make , though . 
  so far , that 's a 0 % average , good job croatia !, 
  no , the eu ca n't mediate because it has reasonably strong ties with the us ( especially the uk ) , and really does n't like russia . 
  we might have voted not to go in , but that does n't mean we 're not in a position of bias from the syrian government 's perspective . 
  the us is too populous and diverse to have a unicameral government , but the roi is a small and fairly uniform country . 
  comparisons are next to impossible . 
  not that the us 's system is n't riddled with problems that would largely be solved by adopting more european principles of governance ( e.g. 
  holding new elections if a budget fails to pass , since there is essentially a failure to form a government ) , but bicameral federalism in general works for big countries and unicameral unitarianism works for small ones . 
  it has been ever since the fall of the ussr . 
  well , thanks !, 
  does n't surprise me that it 's an ancient law from the mid 19th century that has n't convicted anyone for 70 years , although i recognise that that is technically a blasphemy law . 
  i find that secularist societies ( as in , societies specifically about secularism ) tend to greatly exaggurate the problems they talk about in order to get themselves noticed . 
  laws which are technically undesirable but do n't have any impact in reality are n't what i 'd consider to be big priorities . 
  i 'd like to actually see the specific laws here . 
  some countries like greece , turkey and russia do n't surprise me , others , like denmark and finland , make my eyebrows reach stratospheric heights . 
  also , the whole gay thing in russia is a completely irrelevant issue . 
  important , but not relevant . 
  a million euros is a laughably tiny amount in terms of international debt . 
  they 're not worth very much , even as a collector 's item . 
  considering how worthless reichmarks were back then , there 's lots of notes lying around from people using them as mementos . 
  `` cooking the books '' is n't just a national problem , it 's perfectly possible for the eu to do it too . 
  we need to have a more mutual system where the eu is accountable to national parliaments and the national parliaments are accountable to the eu . 
  turkey , what is it about the words `` northern cyprus '' that you ca n't understand ? 
  gay marriage in england and wales . 
  not that i agree with leaving the echr , but politics is n't so black and white . 
  yeah , me too , in this case it 's largely worked , all phones in this household are now micro-usb . 
  you do n't make a new standard , you just throw a lot of weight behind an existing one . 
  meaningful in that the result of the european elections directly influences the nature of the legislation that comes out of the european union . 
  a more right wing parliament should produce more right wing legislation and so on . 
  i want to see meps proposing legislation . 
  in a sentence , what needs to be done is a new treaty with legislative reforms which ultimately makes european elections meaningful . 
  the hurdle with the eurozone has been passed , but the hurdle of regaining the confidence of the citizens is yet to be overcome . 
  blimey that article started getting a little assertive at the end . 
  regardless , i really hope rouhani becomes the key to resolving this issue permanently . 
  it 's a breath of fresh air to see an iran willing to work with those outside of its sphere of influence , to fix what i reckon the most dangerous international issue in the world . 
  do you think if it was a christian country , it would be allowed to join the eu without resolving the northern cyprus issue ? 
  or do you think that if it was a christian country , it would have resolved the northern cyprus issue already ? 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  they 're not politicians and have no knowledge of how to operate in a real world political environment . 
  i really really like the german method of voting . 
  it incorporates what 's good about first past the post ( in that you are guaranteed to have a local representative ) , and proportional representation by being proportional . 
  increasingly popular beer festival drawing an international and basically captive crowd , and the price of beer goes up . 
  that 's not just economically logical , it 's * intuitive * . 
  i would think it 's a pretty common practice for women who ca n't get an abortion in their own country to simply cross a border and pay for one in a different country . 
  i know that 's certainly the case for ireland , northern and republic . 
  however , ed miliband is seen as a very weak opposition leader , and not `` prime minister material '' . 
  it means that it 's landlocked only by countries which are also landlocked themselves . 
  the only other country that can claim this is uzbekistan . 
  we know that france is in , on the condition that the us will go , and that 's it as far as i know . 
  the whole thing is proving increasingly embarrassing for the us . 
  hey , we said the same thing about london and look how that turned out . 
  well , we 're not going . 
  is austria going ? 
  this is essentially the `` two-speed europe '' argument , and i think it 's a reasonable suggestion . 
  pretty sure polandball comics are supposed to have bad grammar . 
  3rd september , [ according to their website ] ( http://www.private-eye.co.uk/current_issue.php ? 
  it 's a bit like a private eye headline , nothing wrong with that . 
  that 's how the single market is supposed to work . 
  yes it is about how much is spent . 
  neither we nor france are going to support the idea of a european military if the other member states are n't contributing proportionally , at the very least financially . 
  yes money would be saved , but not enough to run an active military on the budget of a self-defence-only military . 
  i have n't even touched on nato membership . 
  the eu might have strong links with nato , but not all members are in it or want to be in it . 
  austria , finland , ireland , malta , cyprus and sweden would strongly object being blackmailed into joining nato . 
  additionally , we could drive away many states that we want to eventually accept as eu members , such as switzerland , macedonia and serbia . 
  i 'm fed up of being the british guy who sounds like the naysayer of europe , but this simply ca n't work . 
  it 's not that we do n't want it to , we would be saving a lot of money if it did , but it just ca n't . 
  france and the uk would never agree to that unless all other european countries contribute proportionally , and that would never happen because it would mean a tax hike for everyone who is n't the uk and france . 
  the diversity of europe coupled with the scars of wwii means that a common foreign policy simply ca n't exist . 
  we might be able to forge common economic interests , but forging a common foreign policy wo n't be possible for many many generations . 
  every snowflake thinks it is n't responsible for the avalanche . 
  i 'd say germany was the most well placed country of the lot to point out that greece did n't meet the requirements . 
  wow , first ukraine and now this . 
  russia ca n't keep blowing off countries like this if it wants to build a union of its own . 
  well , yeah , you 're not going to get ukip on board when they 're doing perfectly well leading their own party group . 
  it 's telling that they ca n't even drum up enough support to establish a political group , they 're just too xenophobic to get along with each other . 
  that makes the headline factually incorrect , then . 
  a headscarf is n't a veil any more than a turban is . 
  i do n't entirely agree with that . 
  if it was assad , yes , inaction would embolden him to just use more chemical weapons . 
  but , if it was the rebels , intervening will only send the message that the west can be tricked by using chemical weapons at the right time . 
  the goal here is to stop the use of chemical weapons from ever being a good move . 
  if assad did it , intervening will promote that . 
  if the rebels did it , * not * intervening will promote that . 
  and the uk . 
  i wonder who does n't use this label ? 
  difficult to say , really . 
  the uk 's economic fortunes are tied at the hip to the eurozone 's by design , so i could argue that the mismanagement with respects to greece was an unnecessary negative influence , or i could argue that the euro motivated the strong to help the weak and kept the european economy afloat and together during the storm . 
  it 's not something i 'm qualified to make a judgement call on . 
  well , it is terrorism , it 's just that we 've been conditioned to think it 's explosions and mass killings , when ultimately it 's just using violence to repress opinion through fear . 
  well , you ca n't say russia did n't have this coming . 
  ukraine has no need to put up with russia when the eu is right there on the other side . 
  here 's the thing about ukip candidates ; pretty much all of them are n't politicians . 
  they have no discipline when it comes to holding their tongues or being diplomatic and even-handed . 
  a lot of them , especially the councillors , did n't even expect to win when they stood for election .
