  since its split from the soviet union it 's been a dictatorship with not much in the way of democracy or respect for opposition to lukashenko . 
  he controls everything there , and is essentially an eternal president with no checks or balances . 
  you know you 're on the wrong side when you do shit like this . 
  i do n't want to brag , but i do think we have the best national flag , followed by eesti and then the dannebrog . 
  we 're not that strong alone . 
  we need uefa on board , though certainly the english fa is in a good position to lead the anti-corruption charge . 
  if anything , this may well set an interesting precedent in case law , one way or another . 
  would be nice to have an official resolution on the stupid `` kill all white men '' debate and perhaps kill it for good . 
  libya is not the primary source of the migrant flows , it 's just where the most deaths are happening because of obvious reasons . 
   joint greek-turkish maritime patrols to stop trafficking watching old enemies working together towards the common good gives me the warm fuzzies . 
  i hope this plan goes ahead . 
  pretty all of the answers here are people making things up . 
  the very people who these christians were trying to run away from . 
  i do not believe asylum rights should apply to people who commit crimes in their host country . 
  every criminal we kick out we can spare a place for someone who wo n't break our laws . 
  this is a pretty honourable move from the cup , they deserve credit for not fudging the rules in their favour when they potentially could have . 
  yeah , but between our two countries only ireland 's opinion matters at this point . 
  there 's that independent candidate that might take utah . 
  simple majority in both houses will pass it , though if the commons says yes and the lords say no the deadlock can last for a year at which point the commons can overrule the lords . 
  i do n't mind that this has to be put to a vote and get majority support . 
  what i do mind is that unionists are vetoing the majority in a way which the constitution was n't intended for . 
  i 'd equally be annoyed if the nationalists blocked a bill that harmonises with the republic of ireland . 
  all british overseas territories are internally self governing for domestic affairs , by convention uk law does not apply to them unless by mutual approval , but usually they just legislate for themselves . 
  the citizens are british , but the country is not part of the united kingdom . 
  it 's ridiculous that unionists can veto a law that harmonises with the rest of the uk . 
  it flies in the face of unionism . 
  hah , that 's what we do with ireland . 
  the weatherperson stands right in front of ireland , and northern ireland is just above their shoulder . 
  yeah , the only position the government has is that the uk is going to leave the european union , which admittedly she is trying to undermine . 
  it is tradition in most european monarchies for royalty to serve in the armed forces . 
  even the queen served as a driver and a mechanic during the second world war before she took the throne . 
  she 's the arch-diplomat of the uk , but instead of being assigned to a specific country she 's assigned to all of them , including the uk herself . 
  she 's also done that job for so long that we ca n't imagine anyone else doing it any more . 
  it 's unheard of when those regions comprise of such a small fraction of the negotiating party as a whole . 
  you get away with it if belgium was negotiating individually , but they are n't and can not . 
  it 's difficult enough with 28 member states already . 
  it 's not located below spain , it 's part of spain . 
  and yes , if someone called it a country i would n't disagree with them , though if you 're not comfortable with the implication about national identity you could always call it a province or a territory . 
  i 'd call it a country , but it 's a constituent country of a union , not a sovereign one . 
  it 's a bit like england or greenland . 
  people are n't going to believe a party that promises that , though . 
  we are still here , but yes , i hope that brexit has finally given the eu the kick up the backside to get moving and do the things it should have done a while ago . 
  that sounds interesting , it 's the kind of situation which produces new english words . 
  can you give examples ? 
  the snp and lib dems would do it , but labour would n't . 
  i do n't support the suspension of the echr , but the proposal is to replace it with a british bill of rights that is pretty much equivalent in terms of rights it affords , but ruled on solely in uk courts instead of at a supranational level . 
  what 's happening in turkey really is n't the same thing at all . 
  binding referendums are n't a thing in the uk , and no , i do n't think it can unilaterally since constitutional matters are reserved to westminster . 
  that was why the edinburgh agreement was necessary ; to make an exception to grant the scottish parliament the one-time power to hold that referendum . 
  if they want another , they 'll need another agreement . 
  i think the eu probably would n't accept a scotland that does that , particularly one that was actually given an official independence referendum that it rejected previously . 
  it 's a little bit too `` european empire '' to start encouraging regional unilateral secession in order to bite territories from neighbouring countries . 
  i do n't think the scottish parliament can call a referendum legally either , unlike the northern ireland assembly . 
  it 's not a devolved power . 
  the way it was applied in some other eu countries ( italy comes to mind ) would have been unconstitutional if it were applied over here . 
  the terms of eu membership basically has to be tailored for each country to meet their constitutional requirements , and for the uk it was particularly complicated . 
  as far as the uk was concerned , legally the eu parliament was not supreme over the uk parliament , instead the uk parliament devolves power to it at its own pleasure via the european communities act and its amendments . 
  had westminster legislated in an eu-only matter , that westminster legislation would have been legal in our own system , but the government would be subject to the ecj filing disciplinary action until it was made compatible again . 
  * de jure * westminster was always the supreme source of all law in the uk even as an eu member . 
  being automatic ( and already passed ) is not the same thing as being binding . 
  parliament is not bound to implement it , they could have repealed it after the referendum with no legal issues . 
  i 'm not saying they would , but they were not bound from doing so . 
  no it was n't . 
  parliament could have chosen to not implement it easily . 
  they 're pretty much morally obligated to implement the result especially for something as simple as the electoral system , but parliament has the power to overrule it or delay its implementation indefinitely for whatever reason . 
  it 's entirely true . 
  eu legislation could have been unilaterally revoked at any time by statute , it 's just that we would be subject to significant fines from the european court of justice and be subject to suspension . 
  parliament could also `` devolve '' powers to the eu institutions , but could also take that power back at any time . 
  getting these things to mesh was very difficult and relied a lot on trust . 
  just for the record , the eu referendum was n't binding because binding referendums are unconstitutional in uk law . 
  past parliaments ca n't overrule future ones , so since a referendum result is a past parliament instructing a future one to do a thing , the future parliament technically has the right to completely ignore it . 
  instead , we have to use the threat of democracy throwing out the government to enforce it instead . 
  we do n't have many things that are 100 % unconstitutional , being a country without a written constitution , but that is one of them . 
  if i remember it correctly , i thought the majority of the voters voted yes but not enough voted for the referendum to count officially ? 
  the name doing the rounds is the democratic party . 
  to be honest i think it 's more likely the conservatives are going to pull it together under theresa may and any split is probably going to be solely from labour . 
  corbyn 's likely going to win his leadership election , but leadsom just does n't have that kind of following to pull it off . 
  you do get that feeling that this year everything has gone for the least likely result though , so who knows . 
  i suppose with a country like san marino it 's reasonable to have your passport personally signed by the heads of state . 
  that 's a cool bit of history you should keep safe !, 
  denmark is going to be the only country left with an opt-out now that we 're going to leave , and they have a currency peg to the euro . 
  ... or when . 
  ... or * if * . 
  i disagree , i think that he likely does have that power as a prerogative . 
  it is something done via the european council , so the pm is the only uk attendee . 
  the law regarding prerogative powers is more informal in the uk ; the pm can act alone if it is an emergency and deal with the fallout later , but if there is time he is conventionally expected to ask for the support from parliament and then follow its wishes . 
  however , there is also a convention that parliament should vote according to the result of a referendum . 
  to tie everything together neatly , the pm is expected to ask for a vote in parliament and parliament is expected to give it to him . 
  it 's not constitutionally necessary , but it prevents votes of no confidence and such . 
  the problem is that he likely still commands the confidence of the labour party membership , which ultimately decides the leader . 
  mps do n't have the power to kick him out , only to vote informally . 
  if he keeps going this way , mps may start splitting into a new party . 
  it 's only advisory because binding referendums in the uk are unconstitutional . 
  i do n't like the result either , but it is enough and it is something that has to be done . 
  the time to complain about the rules was when the bill was proposed or when it was declared in the 2015 conservative manifesto , not now . 
  sign me up . 
  i 'm planning to stay up until the early hours for this , and i enjoyed doing the live thread for the general election last year . 
  i 'm not saying that ukip had n't always been taking from labour , but prior to 2013/14 it was taking from the conservatives more than from labour , hence why it was such a big issue for the conservatives . 
  well yeah , if the manifesto pledge had n't stopped a lot of the con to ukip swing it would have been pointless . 
  it was only prior to that that you saw ukip primarily absorbing the conservative right .
