  ttip and the potential transatlantic free trade association . 
  i never quite understood ecr 's reasoning for not submitting a candidate . 
  i would understand it if they just said that there was no point in doing so , because frankly there is n't , it 's going to be a race between the epp and the socialists . 
  however , their actual reasoning is just a bit silly . 
  by requiring the commission president to secure 50 % of the parliament 's support , the lisbon treaty has turned the commission president into a prime ministerial position . 
  they 're elected in similar ways . 
  if a body is given the freedom to vote for or against something , of course it 's going to use that vote as a tool to get what it wants , or there will be deadlock . 
  it does n't have to be explicitly spelled out , it 's not spelled out in the constitutions of lots of countries , it 's just set up so party group candidates are the logical consequence . 
  honestly , the ecr should have just saved face and said there 's no point so we 're just going to support juncker against schultz . 
  i think you 're right . 
  if akp gets voted out , i think we could see some extremely positive change in turkey . 
  erdogan is holding back the country , but for as long as it remains a democratic country , he ca n't hold on forever . 
  that 's gold . 
  while that 's good too , the reforms i outlined would be about 80 % of the job done , since the commission would then just be the government within the parliament . 
  all that would need to be added would be the european equivalent of private member 's bills . 
  if we did everybody would be apologising to everyone all the time . 
  every country has a group like this , we just learn to live with it and laugh at them . 
  of course it is n't , but rome was n't built in a day . 
  i want to see something new in each election . 
  the next step is to make the political identity of the entire commission controlled by voters , as well as requiring them to be meps , and finally shed the democratic deficit from the eu once and for all . 
  the translations is a requirement of democracy , though . 
  the strasbourg circus is n't . 
  france is costing the rest of us enormous amounts of money because of its vanity project , and is fostering distrust of the economic competence of the eu . 
  they 're capable of doing it . 
  we all are . 
  the borders of europe are n't the way they are because of peace . 
  besides , there would n't just be the nordic union , other countries would get the same idea , say a western union and an eastern union and all that . 
  i know a lot in the uk who do n't like the eu would like a western european union . 
  and what about the states hovering on the dividing lines , where would , say , estonia go ? 
  some might want to into nordic , but others might want to keep with their baltic brethren . 
  russia would love an exclusively eastern union in europe , it would be one step away from the return of the soviet union version 2 . 
  everything 's nice and cushy for the nordic countries , but in the long term the region would be destabilised . 
  we 've seen what happens when two economic zones try to claim the same territory , as in ukraine . 
  it does n't end peacefully or democratically , it gets ugly and it tears countries apart . 
  we might have a better sense of democracy in europe than in russia , but that does n't mean that we are n't as capable of pulling the same shit as them if circumstances changed and it became in any of our interests . 
  a nordic union would work great internally , but you 'd just end up with conflict with the inevitable regional unions that would spring up in europe . 
  it 's a short-sighted solution . 
  oh ye of little faith . 
  why not let them try ? 
  if they do n't , then there 's no harm done . 
  cancel the ... cancellation ? 
  but yeah , i really do think that this should be put to a referendum . 
  i 'm personally hoping that offering eu membership is what gives them sufficient incentive to resolve those conflicts . 
  i think it 's about time that we heard a joint statement from the eu , from the european council and backed by the parliament , simply re-iterating that turkey is still welcome to continue its application process , but nothing more can be done until they make reasonable steps required to resolve the cyprus dispute . 
  lay it down in simple terms , put the ball in turkey 's net . 
  great , so you 're going to help resolve the cyprus dispute then ? 
  my mouth is still itching from all the scotch and no water will quench it . 
  i liked finland . 
  they reminded me of the clash . 
  nope , in this case it 's consistent , although of course the juries from different countries will vote in different ways and they 're not necessarily immune from the political aspect . 
  i disagree . 
  in my opinion , beard or no beard , austria simply had the best song . 
  they deserved to come first , and the netherlands deserved to come second because their song was the second best of the lot . 
  i 'm happy with the result . 
  no , i do n't think this is quite the case . 
  ukip is a breakaway party from the conservatives after all , there are plenty of tories who genuinely want to leave . 
  their policy is basically a net average of the opinions of its members . 
  well , they 'd campaign to stay in if we had a referendum , but that 's as far as it goes . 
  lib dems and green are strongly pro , labour are weakly pro but against a referendum , conservatives are neutral to weakly pro but for a referendum , and ukip is strongly anti . 
  those are the only parties that are set to gain seats with any reasonable probability . 
  the bnp is also strongly anti , but they are set to be destroyed in this election . 
  believe it or not , the conservatives are n't actually dead in scotland , they polled higher than the lib dems in the last european election and will do again . 
  it 's just that first past the post punishes them in the general election due to snp and labour becoming the two `` main '' parties in the region . 
  in the pr system of the eu elections , things are a bit different . 
  we do n't use fptp for the eu . 
  we use d'hondt party list pr with no threshold . 
  it 's english because the dice have fallen that way according to the democratic nature of language . 
  more than 50 % of europeans can speak english , and most european countries have english as their primary taught second language if it 's not their first . 
  that 's happened for various historical and economic reasons , and i suspect the economic appeal of the usa has tipped the balance somewhat . 
  no one person decided it , it just sort of happened . 
  i do n't think a truly united europe can really happen unless we can all communicate , though . 
  may as well roll with it . 
  the common foreign policy is one of the biggest roadblocks to a federal eu because we 're too diverse to have one . 
  some eu countries are constitutionally neutral with a strong cultural backing , and others are quite fiercely interventionist . 
  if the eu takes on a neutral approach , interventionist states will claim they are being disproportionately stifled from protecting their interests . 
  if the eu takes an interventionist approach , massive anti-war protests will spring up in former neutral states . 
  if the eu takes the middle road , both will happen . 
  you live long enough to see yourself become the villain . 
  cameron does not shut up about the 2017 referendum . 
  it 's basically his biggest single policy now . 
  very well said . 
  crimea is going to be a very expensive consolation prize , and russia has lost a lot . 
  i do n't think the `` eurasian union '' will happen now . 
  pretty sure this is going to harden people 's resolve to be * for * fracking now . 
  everyone 's going to realise that if europe does fracking , they will weaken russia significantly . 
  yeah , but * the * greens , as in the european green party , most certainly is . 
  while this is good news , i get the sense that georgia would pass pretty much * any * law if it was required in the association agreement . 
  they 're a very scared country right now . 
  we 'll normally shun each other and refuse to co-operate , but as soon as a foreign power threatens us all , suddenly everything changes and we unite . 
  this law holds true from the smallest communities to the international stage . 
  better late than never , eh ? 
  to be fair , saudi arabia is probably the caricaturiest country of them all . 
  yay , we beat sweden and finland at something !, 
  why not ? 
  i mean , there 's a lot of reforms to be made , but the moldovan government 's heart is in the right place . 
  may as well let them try . 
  they suspended the accession negotiations after two parties who opposed eu membership formed the government in 2013 . 
  that said , icelandic politics is constantly changing , and iceland is still a candidate country . 
  the official candidates are iceland , macedonia , montenegro , serbia and turkey . 
  other countries in the eu 's spotlights are kosovo , bosnia and herzegovina , albania , georgia , moldova and ukraine .
