  is it likely to happen ? 
  2000 is actually pretty pathetic . 
  this is so boring now . 
  i can not wait for the day the likes of kirchner and the corrupt and incompetent government she represents leaves politics for good . 
  i do n't see why the naming dispute has to act as a proxy to the whole false history thing , though . 
  it 's driving away investment , development and european integration and above all others * peace * over something that is just arbitrary . 
  besides , nobody 's challenging greece over calling its own share of the ancient macedonian territories `` macedonia '' , so why do they have the right to criticise the ( fy ) rom to do the same ? 
  we in the uk deal with it by passively aggressively call ireland `` the republic of ireland '' all the time , and i think the greeks could simply do the same . 
  macedonia wants to join the eu after all , greece has far more effective and less petty methods of leverage over them if they want to deal with the false history problem . 
  i feel like this might be a job for the un security council , not just the european union . 
  this ultimately comes from the fact that there is a massive war-torn continent on one side of the mediterranean , and a peaceful prosperous continent on the other . 
  the eu can try to do what it can on the northern coastline , but it will never stop the fact that boats are launching from the south . 
  last time we were united with ireland it did n't end well . 
  no , i 'm talking about the council , specifically the european council , which is supposed to have a senate-like structure where member states all send the same number of representatives . 
  while i think you 're very much in the right about this , i 'd like to add that it does highlight a flaw in the european council 's system . 
  for many countries with parliamentary systems instead of presidential systems , and therefore send a prime minister instead of a directly elected president , we do not think of our head of government as being a sole decision-maker or sole representative of our country . 
  for example , david cameron was only elected in a tiny corner of the uk and was also leader of the largest party in government , but the vast majority of the country could not vote for him . 
  indeed , he did not even secure an absolute majority and is one of two leaders in a coalition . 
  this is fine in the uk parliament because cameron practically has only one vote in 651 , the same as any other mp , and any bonus powers tied to the prime minister without consulting parliament are small and ever decreasing . 
  in the european council , he has control of all the votes the uk has to offer , which does not accurately represent his position . 
  i would suggest that if we are to have a senate-like body , all members should have the same amount of democratic legitimacy i.e. 
  that they must be directly elected . 
  otherwise we end up in the confusing situation of fudging parliamentary systems into one which is clearly designed for presidential systems . 
  not much at the moment , as we 're not heavily engaged in any foreign war following the withdrawal from afghanistan , and our decision to stay out of syria . 
  there 's the eu , but i would call that more of a constitutional question than foreign policy , and we have lots and lots of constitutional questions on our plate . 
  yeah , but that understates how much of a multilingual melting pot brussels really is . 
  english is really popular there as a common language for people who do n't share a common mother tongue , not to mention arabic from the moroccan population . 
  looks like the french were on their way to winning if it was n't for the prussians flanking their asses . 
  goes to show that we 're not dealing with refugees , we 're dealing with economic migrants that are trying to maximise their chances . 
  alas , france seems to want us to deal with it when it 's happening on their territory . 
  there 's that classic situation where you meet with a dog walker and compliment their dog using the `` he '' pronoun and the walker goes `` ah , she 's actually a girl '' . 
  ideally yes . 
  practically , there 's no way to do it that would n't result in a particular group having overwhelming control over the outcome of the election . 
  so , overall , no . 
   * of course . 
  marriage is a devolved matter in the uk . 
  england , scotland and wales have gay marriage , northern ireland only has civil partnerships . 
  i think overall we 're very accepting . 
  perhaps this was true during the falklands war , but [ since 2001 , the eu officially classifies the falklands as a british overseas territory ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=celex:32001d0822:en:html ) , which as far as i 'm concerned constitutes pan-eu support for the british position . 
  if your citizenship originates from the falklands , all eu countries will recognise that you have british and eu citizenship . 
  problem is with moldova is that they 're really poor and economically precarious . 
  the blockades are simply following through with a promise made when moldova was deciding whether to sign or not . 
  she 's also [ lord of mann ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lord_of_mann ) !, 
  titles come with their own rules , the whole lord/lady thing is just generally true in the majority of cases . 
  the eu should adopt the british/irish plug if you ask me . 
  it 's a better design . 
  china did that and it worked out terrible for them . 
  i can hear the sound of * hon hon hon * in the distance . 
  that actually reminds me of an awful building near where i live . 
  agreed . 
  any country-by-country building if it ever happens would have to start with both germany and france , no exceptions . 
  having one country dominating the landscape is a recipe for disaster and breakup , but germany and france balance each other out . 
  all that said , i personally think the way forward is to tie it with the current members of the eurozone . 
  poland yes . 
  romania , hungary and bulgaria are n't yet but soon will be if things keep progressing as they are . 
  even then bulgaria and romania went through many years of negotiations and anti-corruption efforts before they joined , though i agree that it was a tad too early . 
  ukraine should go through that same process at the very least . 
  now ? 
  you would be crazy to say yes . 
  ukraine has rampant corruption and lots of problems that need to be worked on to meet eu standards . 
  ukraine should enter talks to becoming a candidate , sure , but if people are voting yes to that question they need their head checked . 
  liberal democrats , the third largest party , are basically a centre party , currently in coalition with the conservatives . 
  they tried to position themselves as a `` kingmaker '' party , which could go into coalition with whichever major party was the largest . 
  however , they are set to suffer heavy losses . 
  the scottish national party only stands in scotland and campaigns for an independent scottish state . 
  they are slightly left of labour but have taken a lot of seats from labour , which previously enjoyed a near-monopoly in scotland . 
  they gained an absolute majority in the scottish parliament and caused a scottish independence referendum last year , but lost the vote . 
  they are set to destroy labour in scotland and for the first time become the new third largest party in westminster . 
  plaid cymru ( welsh for `` party of wales '' ) is like the snp 's far less successful welsh sister party . 
  they 're not set to make many gains or losses in wales ( only 3 seats ) , which has a much more mixed political landscape . 
  and yet the unionists wo n't look at the rest of the uk as an example either . 
  it 's just turning into a political backwater . 
  i think it 's mainly because cyprus ' dispute is with a non-eu member ( i.e. 
  turkey ) while macedonia 's dispute is with an eu member ( i.e. 
  greece ) . 
  oh , yes , if they go independent unilaterally they 'll never get anywhere in the eu . 
  yeah , same . 
  it would have been an absolute travesty for our democracy . 
  i do n't think it would take very long at all so long as catalonia inherits all eu law . 
  done right , the screening process would lead straight into all chapters being opened and immediately closed . 
  i imagine it would take about a year . 
  man , the license fee is really cheap already for what it provides . 
  it 's only sensible that anyone in the eu would pay the full cost of the license fee and get the full bbc services . 
  besides , i 'm pretty sure that giving non-uk eu citizens options to view the same bbc content in more selective and cheaper ways than uk citizens would be against eu law . 
  there 's certainly legal and technical problems that have to be solved before we can just ban inter-eu localisation , but they 're not insurmountable , and the eu was practically * born * to handle this sort of thing . 
  the uk and the bbc could make a lot of money if it 's done right . 
  or alternatively you can just completely bypass that problem and give state-funded services an opt-out exception . 
  that way we do n't destroy the bbc ( which frankly i think is an asset to the human race and not just the uk ) but we can still have a single european market for licenses and broadcasting . 
  another thing we could do is offer bbc services to the eu if you pay the cost of a tv license just like we do . 
  this really exposes where the borders of europe really exists nowadays . 
  credit to ukraine especially . 
  i believe nato is good for europe and any solution should involve working within it instead of an alternative to it , but the eu will never be able to effectively manage a unified military . 
  our foreign policies are so wildly different that nothing will ever be decided , and that will put us all at risk . 
  however , i can imagine some combining of forces regionally . 
  the uk and france in particular could combine a lot , as could the baltic countries and the nordic countries . 
  that 's going to be a weird one . 
  i guess they 'll try to get membership of the ecb asap ? 
  eh , no , i think montenegro is probably next mainly by the fact that they 've been in negotiations for longer than serbia has . 
  i find it cute , personally . 
  and sometimes it sparks off a torrent of people speaking in their own languages .
