  i wonder what ukrainians think about transnistria nowadays ? 
  well , ok . not sure what this is supposed to achieve , though , unless they want another vote . 
  it would be nice if there was a vote so we do n't have to argue about the self-determination thing on the behalf of the crimeans . 
  we are n't leaving yet . 
  the problem is that there is no common foreign policy that can be agreed , and the majority of member states frankly do n't contribute enough for it to be fair . 
  overcome that and we 'd be in , but it will involve significantly more costs for many other member states . 
  we 're making the effort . 
  what 's germany doing ? 
  well said . 
   maybe it would be a good idea to wait for the british referendum and set things straight between the uk and eu before finalizing the treaties with scotland . 
  unfortunately they 've both come about through entirely separate legal avenues , so sensible programs to synchronise and correctly order the referenda have been impossible . 
  the ec even ( stupidly ) refuses to communicate with the scottish government , even on extremely relevant legal clarifications , hence why we 're * still * talking about what will happen to scotland 's relationship to the eu if it goes independent . 
  i think the ec has been too scared of being accused of messing with the scottish referendum when it 's forgotten that the fact that the uk 's eu membership already makes it a heavy influence of the result , way more than any simple legal clarifications would cause . 
  it was n't special , as in `` lots of deaths '' like the world wars , but it was iconic . 
  it sculpted us foreign policy in the middle east for the 00 's , and strongly colours the relationship between islamic states and western states to this day . 
  i 's what happens when democracy truly fails in a country that is trying to pretend to be a democracy . 
  the biggest part , of course . 
  i do n't think it 's stupid , it 's just a little opportunistic . 
  the commission does n't like opt-outs , and they 've already made it a general rule that the only time to opt out of something is while the treaty being made in the first place , as negotiated exclusively by the member states at the time . 
  allowing otherwise sets an undesirable precedent for them , as they want as many signatories as possible . 
  every new member is given ( or `` forced '' into taking if you 're that way inclined ) a timetable to join schengen . 
  it 's part of the modern eu package that comes with wanting become a new eu member state . 
  forcing the uk or roi to join is a certainty , nobody is going to put the money to build a fence up between scotland and england , and * definitely * not between ni and the roi . 
  besides , if you 've ever gone through the uk-eu/swiss fast lane border control , it 's so porous it 's a bit silly . 
  may as well not be there . 
  it would mean you do n't need to go through border passport control on flights between schengen countries , they 'd be like domestic flights . 
  as far as as an island country is concerned , the net effect would be one fewer queue ( that was already fast-tracked ) when heading to or from the continent , barely anything . 
  joining schengen is more apparent for countries with existing closed land borders . 
  really the take-home message about indy scotland 's relationship with the eu is that it would change a lot of legal text but little for the average briton either side of the border . 
  after all , a founding principle of the eu is that it should barely matter which eu country you 're a citizen of while you 're inside the eu , and they 've had a half-century to work on that fact . 
  it 's herald scotland , they 've been cranking out sensationalist stuff like this ever since the snp got a majority . 
  here 's what will go down if scotland votes yes ( which i still strongly doubt ) : the eu will tell scotland that it will have to apply as a new country , but it will probably be able to make the negotiations during the period between the referendum and actual independence . 
  this will require a unanimous vote in the council , but it 's not in anyone 's interest for anyone to veto it . 
  when scotland becomes independent , they will simultaneously join the eu , but will have no opt-outs , as they are a `` new country '' . 
  scotland 's place in the single market will remain unchanged . 
  as far as currency is concerned , the uk will refuse a currency union , as it has promised , and scotland will have an independent currency , the scottish pound , pegged 1:1 to the pound sterling . 
  it will avoid joining the euro by pulling a sweden , claiming that they need to peg to gbp to maintain stability , but in reality will avoid joining erm ii indefinitely , even as they unpeg from the pound sterling over the next few years . 
  in terms of borders , the uk will try and fail to get a schengen opt-out for scotland . 
  instead , scotland will be obligated join the schengen area , and both the uk and ireland will join simultaneously to maintain their open borders , thereby making membership eventually universal to the eu . 
  none of these things are particularly dramatic , though it will involve a reinstatement of france and germany being the main powers in the eu in terms of qualified majorities and numbers of seats . 
  the true microstates are even more fun . 
  san marino is similar in population to king 's lynn . 
  how about prime commissioner ? 
  actually , it 's pretty likely the lib dems will remain relevant after the next election , but that still does n't make coalitions a common thing here so your point still stands . 
  i think the official languages would be the limit , but if there 's some kind of consensus on the language between most candidates , then the candidates that do n't / refuse to speak that language would be at a disadvantage . 
  as such , we 'll probably see an all-english debate even if it is n't enforced . 
  wow . 
  it 's happening . 
  this sounds like it going to be fun . 
  a big problem that i 've noticed when it comes to these discussions is that the two sides of the argument start wandering into extremism very quickly . 
  the side that believes in a larger eu starts talking about a federal europe with the re-drawing of borders and the evils of sub-european nationalism . 
  the side that believes in a smaller eu reacts against this and decides it would be better to withdraw membership entirely . 
  honestly , both sides are just not helping to solve the more immediate problems . 
  we 've got federalist and anti-federalist parties running around like it 's 1780 's america , when the fact is we have a long way to go before that 's even something reasonable to directly address . 
  a good start would be to try to address the fact that there 's a strong sense that the elected council and parliament are still considered the advisory bodies , and that the appointed commission is the meat and potatoes of the eu . 
  that 's really the root of any `` the eu is not democratic enough '' argument , but the solutions differ . 
  honestly , there is no way scotland will vote to leave . 
  people just talk about it because it 's exciting and new . 
  i do n't think that 's going to happen . 
  europeans are n't a unified people and have ethnic , political and linguistic divisions , and they will never stand for being separated from similar people . 
  even the us , a full blown federation , has widely differing populations in each of its states . 
  that 's not something that 's solvable without causing tensions , so we have to work around it . 
  i think a better approach is the continuation of the national borders for the purposes of the upper house , but a more engaged and consistent approach to the sub-national regions with respect to the lower house . 
  for example , in the european elections , there should be a requirement for * all * countries to be split into constituencies within the bounds of the member state borders . 
  another one would be to give regional parliaments the same right to reply as national ones . 
  i completely agree with you on the first point , but i have to point out that we 're seeing a lot of shifts from unanimity to qualified majority voting due to the lisbon treaty this year , although unanimity is still going to be the first target at each vote . 
  point taken , but i would have thought that most of the lenin statues would be taken down after ukraine declared independence . 
  cool , then i 'm guessing it 's all over , at least until may . 
  so he 's been impeached ? 
  he 's no longer the president ? 
  jesus christ ukraine , how many of those do you have ? 
  of course it 's not a near or medium term thing , but there 's a lot of very obvious benefits to the eu for bringing ukraine into the single market , especially their gas pipelines . 
  what was that rule about article titles which end in question marks can almost universally be answered with `` no '' ? 
  this is kind of the wrong moment in time to make that kind of judgement . 
  it could go either way . 
  it needs to and is going happen at some point , but it 's going to be way uglier than ukraine . 
  the guy who did that got thrown out of the party , afaik . 
  now that 's curious . 
  it 's claiming that labour will beat ukip in the uk , and also that the efd group will actually remain largely the same size . 
  also , what with the front national doing so well , the effort to make an 8th group with a far-right nationalist character wo n't be limited by seats , but by the challenge of getting 7 parties from different member states to work together . 
  if the current predictions come true , we might actually be seeing ukip and the ordinary right-wing euroskeptics being a bit sidelined by the truly far-right . 
  looks like it . 
  i wonder what happened ? 
  i get the impression that the eu 's role here is enforcement and police cooperation , not over what drugs are legal and what are illegal . 
  can i just mention that it 's kinda weird that many people on the continent refer to us as anglo-saxons ? 
  it 's like if i casually said `` the viking countries '' if i was talking about scandinavia . 
  we invest a hell of a lot of money in research , but both us and norway have a big gdp , so as a percentage it balances out to about average in europe . 
  the countries that need improvement are the ones in yellow . 
  oh , is it ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  besides , schengen is in the second body , `` free movement of people '' is in the first . 
  putting a quota on immigration contravenes both . 
  it is . 
  schengen membership is one of the bilateral treaties . 
  it 's a small gesture , but i think if the eu wants to keep the free movement of people in the single market , the only way forward is to guillotine switzerland . 
  sorry swiss people , but your country did vote for this . 
  * checks list of countries we have n't invaded yet * * ticks off central african republic * 20 to go !, 
  huh , never knew greece and serbia were bros. 
  cool . 
  nah , we 're no different , it 's a single market thing .
