  problem - this map uses nuts-3 regions , low level administrative divisions . 
  [ it would take absolutely ages to do this for the whole of europe . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9f/nuts_3_regions_eu-27.svg/1000px-nuts_3_regions_eu-27.svg.png ) would be very interesting though !, 
  not to mention the hordes of people on the street who hounded conservative mps and candidates while they campaigned asking them why they were n't giving them a say on eu membership . 
  it is a gold-mine for votes , and is probably responsible for why the tories hold a majority right now . 
  eh , depends on the subreddit a lot . 
  for example , / r/unitedkingdom is generally left leaning , and / r/ukpolitics is generally right leaning . 
  there are more left leaning subreddits overall , / r/europe being one of them , but it 's not a uniform thing . 
  it 's bad that this is happening , but we 've always suspected it has been for a while now . 
  it 's good that we 're getting decent evidence of electoral fraud , so it can be used to drive change . 
  estonia 's secure now , but i think you would have joined moldova and ukraine with their problems at this point had you not dived into joining nato and the eu as fast as possible . 
  to be fair , people here still sometimes accidentally call the czech republic `` czechoslovakia '' , so i 'd call it even . 
  i still ca n't believe it only took 22 years for ireland to move from homosexuality being illegal to ratifying same-sex marriage . 
  that 's barely even a generation . 
  it 's gradually reducing the amount carriers can charge for inter-eu roaming year on year , but has n't eliminated it entirely . 
  [ most you can be charged now ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/digital-agenda/en/roaming-tariffs ) is $ 0.20 / mb data , $ 0.19 / minute outgoing calls , $ 0.05 / minute incoming calls , and $ 0.06 per text , but companies can choose to charge less if they wish . 
  so the us gets the pentagon , we get *** the claw *** . 
  we take our vegetarian meat substitutes very seriously . 
  eurozone ( 19 members ) and non-eurozone ( 9 members ) . 
  apparently they 're centre right , which is just baffling to me . 
  eeh , it needs more backers . 
  the solution has been known for a long time now , it 's the political will that is the question . 
  i suppose it would be the same situation if we got some concessions from the eu , voted to stay in , and then demanded a second referendum on the same basis around 2022 , in which case yes , i suppose it would be ironic and mildly amusing , but i think we 're getting a little ahead of ourselves . 
  centre-left nationalism . 
  it initially sounds weird , but it 's exactly the kind of thing that resonates with scotland . 
  eh , it 's a reasonable amount to spend , not a minimum . 
  i think it will . 
  it wo n't be the same as before , but the eu has never been a static thing . 
  yep . 
  it 's a big problem . 
  i think we 'll be seeing a stark change of tone from our press now that we 're actually having the referendum . 
  [ rupert murdoch has already switched sides ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3104119/huge-boost-prime-minister-murdoch-does-u-turn-europe-says-stay-in.html ) , all they want to do is stir the pot and sell papers , not to actually take us out of the eu . 
  the scottish monarchs used to be called `` king of scots '' or `` queen of scots '' before the act of union 1707 , but since then they no longer have that title . 
  nowadays , `` queen of scots '' is usually associated with mary i of scotland ( usually called `` mary , queen of scots '' ) , who was the last monarch who was n't also the monarch of the kingdom of england . 
  what 's the job market like in estonia ? 
  haha , poor nick clegg . 
  got hammered at the election and now this . 
  cool , but what i 'm saying is that not every citizen of france is in fact a republican , and that having a citizenship , particularly gained * jus sanguinis * , does not imply having any specific political belief . 
  it 's just a weird thing to say about the citizenship of a liberal country like france . 
   left-wing sympathisers had challenged the plan in court , arguing that - thanks to the french revolution - every citizen of france is a republican what , are there no monarchists in france ? 
  do n't know why we need to be sorry . 
  this will be good for everyone in the long term . 
  last thing the eu needs is stagnation , by its very nature it can only survive by being put under constant scrutiny and reform . 
  i can only answer this question if i see the final draft . 
  i do n't oppose the concept of a free trade agreement between the us and the eu , but there are things that could go into the agreement that would cause me to drop my support . 
  if i said a hard yes or no , that would be based on wild speculation that may not even be based in truth . 
  the idea is that it would be neither the status quo nor all-in membership . 
  cameron 's job over the next two years is to renegotiate and try to reform the eu in a way which would allow him to win the referendum to stay in . 
  possibly . 
  apparently the federal council has three years to satisfy the referendum since its passing , so that 's about two years from now . 
  i 'm not sure what the council 's plan is for that , or even if they have one . 
  maybe they 're trying to get into the eu 's good books in the hope they do n't guillotine the bilaterals ? 
  seems like a stretch though , those treaties will probably be rendered unconstitutional from the swiss side if anything . 
  the greys are non-inscrits , meps with no affiliation with any other group , though most of them are far right nationalists because they failed to meet the criteria for their own group and nobody else wants to play with them . 
  for example , the greek communist party is non-inscrit since they left the european united left , presumably because syriza went and stole their thunder by dominating the greek elections and becoming the face of the group . 
  juncker has been styling himself as more of a prime minister and less of a bureaucrat , owing to the novel way that he landed the job . 
  i actually think it 's a positive development , it makes him more accountable . 
  found it : http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/gerrymander while prescriptively speaking gerrymandering is strictly about manipulating voting districts , descriptively it is used to more broadly mean unfairly manipulating the rules of a vote in order to favour oneself . 
  you were old enough to make decisions that effect yourself exclusively , but you were not old enough to make decisions that effect other people without their explicit consent . 
  i think that 's a good phasing in mid-point for people on the edge of adulthood . 
  i think every member state , micro or otherwise , deserves at least one mep . 
  i 'm just wondering how to handle the edge cases like iceland or perhaps the population of andorra in the future . 
  how about the `` maltese standard '' . 
  the cutoff point should be 3/4 times the smallest current full member state ( which is malta atm ) , which would make it about 310k . 
  if a new member state has a smaller population than that , it is officially a micro-state , and is not provided the standard 6 meps . 
  instead , take the micro-state 's population , divide by the smallest full member state , multiply by 6 , then round up . 
  this would make the micro-state 's representation roughly proportional to malta . 
  this means hypothetically andorra would get 2 meps , san marino 1 , monaco 1 , liechtenstein 1 . 
  if iceland joined with its population of 317k , it would become a full member with 6 meps and become the new `` standard '' , though not sufficiently to change the number of meps the micro states receive . 
  have to say , i actually really enjoyed israel 's entry . 
  i 'm very surprised . 
  we 've already provided a demonstration of how screwy fptp can get a couple weeks ago , why would you pick this system ? 
  if d'hondt pr is n't working well for you guys , go look at the german system of mixed member proportional representation , not us . 
  that 's not just any belgian mep , that 's guy verhofstadt , the leader of the alde group . 
  this is well deserved banter . 
  eu membership is a good carrot for these countries to reduce corruption , and could potentially put an endgame to the ethnic tensions in bosnia and the diplomatic complexities of kosovo . 
  i suppose one handy thing about the breakup of yugoslavia is that the countries can be dealt with in small chunks with not much individual impact on the overall budget . 
  yes please . 
  i would imagine whoever represents the yes and no campaign groups get a certain amount of space each in which to make their arguments , and they just print it side by side . 
  romania ; the king of toeing the line exactly . 
  i have no idea , it 's uncharted territory and i 've never really experienced living and working somewhere with federal or federal-esque taxation . 
  clearly the status quo has just resulted in everybody piling into the capital until it breaks , so maybe the tories are on to a better idea . 
  if you 're above the average payscale it 's possible to live there , it 's the hurdle around the bottom that is too impenetrable nowadays . 
  i do n't think it 's sustainable , at some point the london bubble will burst and business owners are going to end up decanting to other cities just so they can fill lower level job positions without paying though the nose . 
  i think it will be good for the whole country when that happens . 
  yup , i 'm currently being bitten with this problem right now , since most of my employment opportunities are in the city , but i am trapped outside of it . 
  while pay in london is generally higher , the cost of living there means that there is little hope of living with an entry or junior level job unless you have some artificial advantage to provide accommodation cheaply , such as having parents already living there . 
  i am therefore forced to stay away from where the booming employment market is and take the long way round working up the ladder outside the city . 
  hopefully this effect in the market will drive talent into the other cities instead . 
  i do n't see how lifestyle should factor in to it . 
  it 's a question of sustainability . 
  if they can sufficiently argue that lifting the ban wo n't damage the ecosystem , then we should lift it . 
  true , they 're meddling in ireland because ireland can influence the us . 
  they also do the regular kind of influencing too . 
  we influence the us just like the us influences us , especially an ancestral country like ireland . 
  the idea is that cameron now goes to the european council ( which i think he is doing as we type ) , negotiates , and whatever he comes back with will be judged with an in-out 2 option referendum , which is to take place on or before 2017 . 
  non-binary referenda are open to accusations of splitting the vote one way or another and an uncertain result , and wielding an in-out referendum strengthens cameron 's negotiating position . 
   how can it be that in the 21st century dutch , british , even canadian citizens must still describe ourselves as mere subjects ? 
  since the british nationality act 1981 this is not true . 
  i am a british citizen , but i am not a british subject .
