  i ca n't even justify the continued existence of the # 50 note , and there 's these people here trying to defend $ 500 notes ? 
  i 've met several bosnian muslims , and they 're very different from anywhere else , it 's a very mild flavour of islam that 's more subtly cultural than actually religious , much like christianity is in many other european countries . 
  most muslim women there do n't even wear head-scarves . 
  whatever influence bosnian islam would have on european politics , it is eclipsed 10,000-fold by the influence of the muslim populations of the uk , france and germany that mainly originate from the middle east and northern africa . 
  theoretically that 's where afd is supposed to come in , though they seem to be struggling to keep far-right nationalists from associating with them , which they do n't really need considering cdu 's leftwards drift . 
  we went from the troubles ending officially in 1998 to sinn f\u00e9in 's martin mcguinness shaking hands with the queen in 2014 . 
  i do n't think there 's any example of a conflict in history that has improved so quickly without one side or the other being `` defeated '' . 
  imagine how it will be in 50 year 's time . 
  ireland , no question . 
  many countries out there we would consider our friends , portugal being our oldest one , but our relationship with ireland is more akin to a blood relation that binds us together . 
  our history has been poor , but that underlying bond drives us to repair the scars and start a friendship anew . 
  hang on , there 's a straw man here . 
  nobody 's claiming that austerity improves an economic recovery , or at least nobody should . 
  clearly austerity has a negative pressure on economic growth , but economic growth should n't be the ultimate measure of the state of an economy . 
  what the claim by conservatives should be is that austerity sacrifices a little bit of growth and recovery now in order to reduce government deficits and eventually debts . 
  it 's playing the long but safe game that brings fiscal benefits that ireland ( or other countries ) should n't yet be experiencing to any meaningful degree . 
  to get away with this you already need an economy that is set to recover despite these conditions . 
  with our economy and level of education , there is no such thing as a `` shortage '' of these people . 
  there 's an enormous amount of graduates in those subjects here . 
  companies are just not paying enough , and that 's it . 
  is ... that not what we want though ? 
  we do n't want a veto , the eurozone needs to run itself without having to involve us , that 's what this two-speed europe stuff is all about . 
  while i disagree with the author 's opinion about ttip itself and think that a lot of the opposition is wildly overblown , i agree with the article 's premise . 
  considering that one of the big euroskeptic arguments for leaving the eu is that we could make our own free trade deals , there is zero doubt that we 'd pursue a free trade agreement with the us as soon as possible after leaving . 
  the only way to shape it ( or prevent it ) is within the eu , otherwise the eu will do it without us and we 'll just be taken along in the tide . 
  i was doubting myself , but given that you 've given me two bad examples now i 'm becoming increasingly sure that i was originally right . 
  the period post world war 2 was when most of these systems of inter-state cooperation was established , so what happened before ~ 1946 does n't really apply as an argument of how the system works now . 
  illegal immigrants are different from people who have actually committed crimes in a foreign country , their mere presence is usually grounds for deportation and that 's usually the end of the matter . 
  that 's different from someone who has actually committed a criminal offence in that country . 
  do you have an example a little more recent that is n't against a background of a world war where borders were so in flux ? 
  is that not how it normally works though ? 
  if someone commits a crime in a country , that is where they should stand trial and potentially be sentenced . 
  it was a crime on french soil against french people . 
  deporting is for if they had committed the crime in the uk but then moved to france , then it 's appropriate to bring them back to stand trial in a british court . 
  do n't really need to deport them , we 'd be happy for the french justice system to punish them directly . 
  hehe , everybody always forgets the northern irish !, 
  do n't get me started on the ridiculous reasons why they do n't have it even though it enjoys majority support in the public * and * the assembly . 
  as it stands all same sex marriages as made in great britain are considered civil partnerships in northern ireland , therefore giving basically identical rights . 
  civil partnerships make the issue easy , but it 's harder when you have a country that does n't have same sex marriage at all . 
  even then , you 've got laws on cohabitation which every eea country subscribes to . 
  the obvious answer is that your country should recognise same sex marriage , but until then the law should be applied consistently . 
  convert the `` marriage '' into the closest equivalent your country has , be it a civil partnership or a form of cohabitation or dependency . 
  ooh , did n't know that . 
  it 's not really viable as a state though , is it ? 
  i do n't think they could , and even then i do n't think the eu would want to block it , it would be easier for the eu to manage moldova as part of romania than as a separate and very poor state . 
  luckily we have a precedent with west germany unifying with east germany while it was in the eec . 
  moldova 's status in the union would be entirely decided by moldova 's status in romania . 
  most likely romania would entirely dismantle moldova as a region but inherit the relationship of the autonomous regions of gagauzia and transnistria , though i imagine transnistria would n't approve . 
  well , they can ask to , but they wo n't necessarily get it unless they go through the proper channels and convince the rest of the relevant representatives . 
  those demands need to be evaluated case-by-case . 
  in any case , as i originally said , this whole issue will only happen if the rest of the eu goes for the route of uk-specific measures instead of more general changes that apply to either the whole eu or major divisions of it such as the eurozone/non-eurozone . 
  then you admit that it 's factually incorrect and just a perception , and you 'd be right . 
  to be honest , it is a bit rich for the rest of europe claim that we do n't follow the rules when both the eurozone sovereign debt crises and the ongoing migrant crisis ultimately stems from not following the rules . 
  you realise that that 's not how precedents work , then ? 
  we 're not `` bending the rules '' , we 're using the proper channels to change them , requiring a sufficient amount of consent from other representatives to get anything done . 
  hungary has the right to do the same , and to suggest otherwise would be tyrannical . 
  if they want to use the precedent we set , then they should be free to do so , but then they are restricted by that precedent . 
  either the precedent is adhered to or ignored . 
  if it 's adhered to , then it 's fair , if it 's ignored then it makes no sense to tie the situation in hungary to what we 're doing . 
  i assume you 're talking about benefits for eu migrants in hungary using the same rules as britain would use , since we 're talking about setting precedents ? 
  i ca n't imagine that would be particularly lucrative for them considering the level of eu migration into hungary , and i do n't see why it would be so wrong for hungary to follow the same rules as the uk . 
  that 's what eu law is about after all . 
  if you 're suggest that orban would overstep the precedent , then why would he wait for it and not just do it now ? 
  and none of those ideas would get off the ground , but there are plenty of things with mutual benefit or have much more complex relationships concerning and groups of member states , such as the eurozone and non-eurozone . 
  finding those should be a constant endeavour even if nobody 's threatening to leave . 
  this will only be a problem for the eu if they give the uk specific exceptions instead of drawing up new rules that apply to all member states that the uk will be happier with , such as constitutional reform . 
  cameron would n't be prime minister if he did n't try to renegotiate in the first place . 
  he does n't want to leave either , but sometimes he has to bend to democracy and actually do something about it . 
  actually we do know , putting up a wall across the north-south irish border would be crazy inconvenient for most of those on ireland and would see little support here . 
  manned land borders are a pain , so we man our much more defensible sea borders with the continent instead ... something which schengen should be doing . 
  it 's not that we do n't see the benefit , it 's just that there 's not much point when it includes countries which we have always known as being incompetent at immigration controls . 
  really it 's more of a generic concept that scotland would clearly be the new country while the rest of the uk would be the successor state to the original uk . 
  that gives scotland some advantages in that it has no commitments and can make its own mark in defining its relationship with all other countries and organisations , but also means that its relationships are entirely new and there are no grandfathered clauses such as what the uk has obtained from the eu over the years . 
  i can certainly appreciate the educational value of subtitling . 
  i watched the whole of * wakfu * in the original french with english subs a few years ago and i think it helped my understanding of conversational french immensely . 
  trying to watch the dubs completely ruined it , so i imagine it 's the same kind of thing for non-anglophones on the other side of the coin . 
  just to let you know that you 're being very helpful and i 'm sorry ( and a little bit confused ) that you 're being downvoted for giving answers while i 'm being upvoted for asking questions . 
  we have a flag pole currently waving the union jack out back , but that 's because we like flags and not because of patriotism , and also because it gives a splash of colour to the currently very green and brown garden . 
  that flag regularly gets swapped out with our bag of flags of random countries or regions if we feel like honouring them at some point , or if we 're heading over there for a holiday . 
  the last year we had one for [ majorca ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5c/flag_of_mallorca.svg/1280px-flag_of_mallorca.svg.png ) , we put up the [ tricolore ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c3/flag_of_france.svg/900px-flag_of_france.svg.png ) at half mast back when the paris attacks happened , and we 're going to be putting up the [ south africa ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/af/flag_of_south_africa.svg/900px-flag_of_south_africa.svg.png ) flag fairly soon as we 're going on holiday there . 
  thanks for the background , i feel like i 've learned a bit more about this today . 
  on the other hand , my respect for whatever france seems to be doing about this seems to reach new lows . 
   the french asylum system does n't count someone as `` having applied for asylum '' until they attend a formal interview , with filled in forms and everything . 
  but the waiting list for those interviews can be months ( as opposed to the `` at most 3 days '' it is supposed to be ) . 
  this in particular just seems like an outright mockery of the system and i would n't be surprised if it constituted a breach of human rights . 
  can a refugee that could safely apply for asylum in the country they are physically in but voluntarily choose not to in favour of trying to enter another safe country still be called an asylum seeker ? 
  picture it this way , what the conservatives are doing is what we 'd consider as entirely healthy at a national parliamentary system , and i think those who favour federalism should encourage . 
  if the eu wants to develop into a more nation-like federal system , it needs to develop a more strongly distinct political government and opposition . 
  while the epp , s&d and alde groups are styling themselves as groups of government , that does n't have meaning unless you have strong opposition that engages with the process despite losing a lot of votes . 
  if the ecr styles itself as a more official anti-federalist opposition that is n't just there to cause chaos like efdd or enf , then voters will feel they have a much better ability to say no to the `` government '' in a way which is still constructive . 
  consensus politics is something that you 'd expect from something like the un or the nordic council . 
  if the eu wants to be more than that , it needs to develop into something a little nastier and conflicted but still engaged on all major sides . 
  you might not agree with what the conservatives have to say , but i think it 's entirely in your interest to encourage their behaviour . 
  we put in a petition system not to long ago , it resulted in some gems being debated in parliament including `` ban donald trump from entering the uk '' , `` stop allowing immigrants into the uk '' and `` vote of no confidence in the health secretary '' . 
  petitions have a role and some good things can come out of them directly involving themselves into the legislative process , but the public is often quite irresponsible with it and needs to be kept in check by parliament just as much as parliament needs to be kept in check by the public . 
  it was one of the big changes ireland secured when they first rejected the lisbon treaty in their constitutional amendment referendum . 
  echr rulings have no fines , only declarations that something is incompatible with the convention , which by convention of parliament normally initiates a bill to rectify the difference but can be vetoed by mps . 
  for example , we never got a fine for the whole thing about prisoners voting even though we never changed it . 
  similarly here , we can have a debate in parliament , and mps will decide what to do in response . 
  the european court that * can * give out fines is the european court of justice , which interprets eu law only ( mainly stuff about the single market ) and can not judge echr cases .
