  if we were interested in the latter , we would have made it consistent with our other obligations and signed them up to nato . 
  besides , does n't it seem obvious that `` salami tactics '' is a much weaker and slower offensive strategy than what would be possible if the likes of russia did n't have to constantly worry about starting a nuclear war ? 
  by being in nato , it effectively has the protection of mad without needing to host a nuclear program where it is . 
  as do we . 
  from what i can tell , the house of lords seems to be in a complete rut when it comes to reform . 
  the only really socially acceptable thing to suggest is to make it elected , but actually the lords works in practice quite effectively to scrutinise legislation , so extending party whips to them looks like a party political power grab to silence critics . 
  in effect , no reforms get made other than tiny token changes . 
  what we really need is to move the appointments system away from the government and have lots of bodies ( universities , royal societies etc. ), 
  appointing their own lords . 
  there 's not really much use dwelling on what could have been at this point , to be fair . 
  nobody 's going to make more crappy exceptions to the english language just to satisfy your crappy political vendettas between countries which do n't even speak english . 
  we have enough of those thank you very much . 
  when you make a demonym , you do n't include descriptors , adjectives and titles , you derive it from the primary noun itself , even if you lose information in the process . 
  the border of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland is the `` british border '' . 
  the border of the federal republic of germany is the `` german border '' . 
  as such , even if you call it the former yugoslav republic of macedonia , that does n't save you from the fact that you made `` macedonia '' the noun , and therefore the demonym as `` macedonian '' . 
  well , yeah . 
  the term is pretty common , and not really negative . 
  nice people , but a big victim of its geographic location . 
  so like all maps then ? 
  that 's ... actually surprisingly low for a poor country with a plurality of muslims . 
  a funny thing is that originally we did have what we 'd now call an official language , but it was norman french . 
  we have some really old laws that are still in place ( though heavily amended ) that are written in the language , such as the [ treason act 1351 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treason_act_1351 ) some of the constitutional procedures for recording the progress of bills are still done in norman french , and are signed off with `` la reyne le veult '' ( the queen wills it ) . 
  welsh is also a semi-official language because it is a true official language in wales , so laws and a lot of documentation have to be provided in welsh , and you can give evidence at committees in welsh too . 
  i did read the article . 
  the whole `` to think of them as insects '' comment , repeated in the subtitle and in the middle of the article is a reference to the [ labour interim leader harriet harman criticising cameron for his use of the word `` swarm '' . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-33716501 ), 
  this is the most guardian-ey article i have ever seen . 
  she 's really desperate to keep the fabricated outrage about cameron referring to a `` swarm of migrants '' alive . 
  the taxpayer . 
  thanks for the info . 
  it makes me feel better that there is a real solution to the isds arbitration problem that is out there , instead of a situation which inherently ties it with the success of ttip . 
  i ca n't help but feel that the us is n't used to the idea of engaging with trade agreements with a broadly equally sized partner instead of a smaller one . 
  ah yeah , sorry , that 's what i mean , an agreed dedicated public court for investor-state disputes in the ttip area , overseen jointly by the eu and the us government . 
  it occurs to me that ttip is so enormous that surely it would be financially justified to have a regular public court for disputes , even more so if the efta and nafta harmonises into a single free trade area . 
  eh , i 'm pretty sure the reason is because `` ireland '' is both the name of the geographical island and the sovereign state , and those two things are n't the same area because of northern ireland . 
  norway can go cry into its vast piles of money and high standards of living . 
  hello to our brothers on the other island !, 
  i have a question , do you mind the fact that we ( and many others ) call you `` the republic of ireland '' or `` the irish republic '' all the time ? 
  it was n't that long ago that i learned that the real name for the country was actually just `` ireland '' and nothing else , so i 've always wondered if you guys just quietly grumbled privately about it but did n't say anything to avoid causing a fuss . 
  it 's looking pretty likely that will happen , at least for 2020 anyway . 
  to be fair , we did try it for a while . 
  they started invading and destabilising the local region instead . 
  it 's a thing that happened in london , a city in europe , which has international ramifications . 
  i lived in birmingham for 2 years and i heard it on a regular basis around mid-day . 
  it was a van coming through the streets with tannoys on it . 
  one of a few reasons i did n't choose to stay . 
  i suppose this would mean a new treaty , then ? 
  i 'd say she is the most powerful woman in the world , but unfortunately the class of female world leaders with actual power is not exactly a big one . 
  being the most powerful person in europe is probably more impressive , though i suppose whether she qualifies for that is a little debatable . 
  clever loophole . 
  that 's not going to happen when we 're talking about essentially a superpower 's equivalent of a military . 
  i do n't get what benefit the first step brings to the table . 
  just ballot meps and ministers members to initiate legislation . 
  as has been said already , the home secretary overruled the decision and granted the visa . 
  the problem is that china in the case of critics of its government does not adhere to the usual processes of the rule of law , so it confuses our systems . 
  wow . 
  on the one hand , that 's ridiculous extravagance and unbecoming of a royal family . 
  on the other hand , good for greece !, 
  it 's always made me laugh how oddly specific that stereotype is . 
  i have bought a german flag beach towel for the purpose of laying it down to claim a beach or pool spot in the early hours . 
  eh , it did n't work well for abkhazia , which had campaigned for but was denied full republic status while it was part of the ussr , and took matters into their own hands once moscow was no longer there to rule them . 
  the policy was generally sound , but was too broad a policy that ignored some local exceptions which turned bad later on . 
  oh here we go . 
  the french authorities just seem to be universally inept . 
  i do n't like to say it , but i 'm with other people here when they say that france probably needs a thatcher right now . 
  it would be painful and ugly in the short term , but france needs it to get a hold of itself . 
  vandalism should not be tolerated under any circumstances . 
  eh , the whole obligation to join the euro thing is meaningless since the whole accession process involves voluntary actions from acceding states , like pegging your currency to the euro . 
  the difference between us and , say , sweden , is that we wanted to follow the spirit of the law as well as the letter by making our intentions official . 
  would you expect someone who says `` i hate eastern europeans '' to know the difference , though ? 
  it 's the liberal-democratic party that 's the main offender , really . 
  if a party tried that in the uk they 'd almost certainly be disallowed from using the name . 
  it was part of the treaty when the republic of cyprus declared independence . 
  it is . 
  obviously the principle of the thing is still there , but fgm is particularly nasty for the subject 's ( victim 's ? ), 
  health . 
  big food franchises are predominately a north american phenomenon , while europe generally produces a lot more smaller chains and independent shops . 
  for example , in the uk there are n't really any big fish and chip shop chains , or curry house chains , or chinese food chains , or pizza/doner kebab chains , they 're all either independent or at most linked with perhaps 2-3 other shops in the region . 
  the most popular franchise in a country does not necessarily correlate with the most popular type of food in the country . 
  the european opposition is divided here . 
  it 's a normal figure of speech . 
  it means false in all circumstances and with no exception . 
  it sounds like the issue you 're having is n't the concept of opting out , but that the process of opting out with some isps involves contacting them . 
  we 're with virgin and it is part of the router setup process with no person-to-person communication required . 
  i think that 's a good system . 
  [ potato leader theodorakis and the gabinet ministers ] ( http://imgur.com/nrin4fd ), 
  i think it 's pretty well accepted now that north korea ca n't launch their nukes any more . 
  they have a hell of a lot of conventional weaponry though . 
  headline grammar is weird , it uses the present tense for past events . 
  usually it works out fine , but sometimes you get ambiguous titles like this . 
  it 's a pretty left biased newspaper . 
  massively in opposition to the conservatives . 
  in continental europe , we have friends . 
  in ireland , we have family . 
  we 've had a very poor relationship in the past , but there 's a bond that outlives that and has brought reconciliation between us . 
  it 's a relationship that i think regions like the balkans could learn a lot from . 
  i do n't know about sweden , but the icelandic pirates are riding a wave of discontent against the older ruling parties , notably their complete mishandling of the eu question and a stubborn refusal to call a referendum on the issue . 
  denmark too , though to be fair either of us would have to waive that right indefinitely were we ever to join the euro , and meeting the requirements to join the euro is optional , as seen in sweden , so in practical terms it 's only an obligation on current eurozone countries .
