  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_beanfield ), 
  would be funny to see switzerland become the world 's largest enclaved state . 
  or restructure the eu to accommodate countries that are currently unable or unwilling to join a federal european state , a group which includes way way more countries than the uk . 
  in other words , a two-tier system . 
  the biggest one would be the formation of a two-tier system that formalises federal control of fiscal eurozone policy . 
  the outer tier of non-eurozone countries will no longer be subject to the principle of `` ever closer union '' unless they desire it , and will instead participate solely in legislation governing the regulation , broadening and harmonisation of the single market and economic unification . 
  aim to bring in the eea states to this tier . 
  the outer tier states can also join the federal union if they meet the requirements to join the euro , with the blessing of the existing federal states . 
  another is to more strongly stipulate the subsidiarity principle , and not allow the eu to legislate where it offers no advantages over allowing the member states to legislate on the same thing . 
  finally , i believe all future treaties , constitutions or amendments should be required to be put to a referendum in all states which they concern . 
  good . 
  one day i hope the balkans as a whole will be able to close the chapter on corruption , war and instability . 
  doing this one country at a time is probably the best approach , and it looks like albania 's time has come . 
  if i was turkey , i 'd consider that a fair price to pay . 
  a friendly , stable and united kurdistan would be an excellent ally to turkey and possibly nato , as well as a big buffer to the more unstable iraq . 
  ultimately it comes down to the choice of the turkish kurds , and not being a turkish kurd myself i could n't tell them which way to go , but i think turkey would be wise to give them the option via a referendum , as that act alone would be the foundation of a valuable friendship . 
  why not bring up the centuries old tradition of german foreign policy and apply it to their modern day actions if you want to be consistent in your shitty argument . 
  see how they appreciate it . 
  do you realise how much money we 've paid into this project ? 
  i 'd really like to see transnistria declare independence when russia ca n't defend it , now it 's surrounded by eu-cooperating countries that would enjoy obstructing russia 's plans . 
  in my opinion , transnistria 's days are numbered . 
  greens are n't known for their rational politics or scientific literacy . 
  would you honestly call barosso a consensus candidate ? 
  at least juncker has to provide concessions to the non-epp parties that support him . 
  ca n't say the same for previous commission presidents . 
  no , there 's a bit more to it than children . 
  marriage is a legal framework that encourages mutual support and healthy social units , even before or without children . 
  if you had a married couple where one member fell on hard times , the other is expected to be somewhat socially and financially supportive . 
  if someone is n't married and does n't have that support , they rely more greatly on the state , so the state has an incentive to encourage marriages . 
  the right metric for marriage is whether it encourages more stable social units in society . 
  that 's quite difficult to define , but the general consensus is that gay couples are just as mutually committed and supportive as straight ones . 
  yeah , israel is basically considered an `` honorary european '' country . 
  i think the eu would consider it if the israel/palestine conflict was finally resolved , but the eu does n't really seem interested in taking it upon themselves to try to help resolve it . 
  co-operating , sure , but not willing to promise to defend each other , which is really the bare minimum for a genuine collective military force . 
  there 's the small problem that some eu members consider themselves neutral ( ireland , austria , finland , sweden ) , and refuse to join nato . 
  if all eu members were in nato , we would n't have a problem . 
  multiple currencies makes federal taxation , pooling of funds and eu-wide services impossible . 
  if that 's impossible , what 's the point of a federal eu ? 
  this is n't a problem for the uk because the crown dependencies and overseas territories do n't pay tax to the uk . 
  if they did , i 'd want them to adopt the gbp . 
  none of those places are part of the united kingdom . 
  they 're essentially self-governing , and are more like associated states , in that the people there have british citizenship , and in return the uk guarantees good governance and defence . 
  there 's not much more to them , they do n't participate as part of the uk economically . 
  er , which parts ? 
  the baltic states , i.e. 
  latvia , lithuania and estonia . 
  bulgaria , hungary and east germany were also soviet satellite states until 1990 . 
  * rule brittania plays *, 
  um , has it ? 
  i do n't want nato to dissolve , and i think we ( europeans and americans ) are natural allies and should be working together , but in a more proportionate manner . 
  here in the uk , the balance seems to be about right , but i ca n't say the same for some other european countries . 
  france has a run-off system for the presidential election which guarantees that fn ca n't win it . 
  even if they make it to the second round , everybody will just vote for whomever is running against her . 
  france is in safe hands for now . 
  not necessarily competent hands , though . 
  actually i 'd say 9 % sounds accurate . 
  people associate the eurozone with economic mismanagement here . 
  i ca n't imagine non-eurozone countries being able to be in the federal state , so there 's going to end up being an in-between area . 
  i guess we could bring back the `` european community '' to describe the single market ? 
  esperanto has already been tried and failed . 
  it will never happen , it goes against the nature of language convergence , you ca n't force it . 
  english will be the common second language of europe , the language that we can all talk to each other in , but the first language ( s ) will vary from state to state . 
  there was that whole thing about the `` union for the mediterranean '' which sarkozy was keen on a long time ago , but i think the eu only wants to look east at the moment for as long as russia has geopolitical ambitions that compete with the eu 's . 
  i think what 's important about north africa is that we need to help it become more stable , because that 's the only real way to stop people dying on overcrowded boats seeking asylum . 
  the options are very numerous , and expanding the eu south may not be the best one . 
  some eu member states were part of the soviet union in the 1990 's . 
  hardly fair to judge them for what happened to countries back then . 
  there 's no theoretical limit , but there 's only a certain set of countries that the eu is really interested in . 
  there 's the western balkans , the south caucasus , ukraine ( sort of ) and moldova . 
  beyond that you 're getting into serious `` not european '' territory . 
  if you could sum up the british mindset in one word , it 's pragmatism . 
  if there was a solid case for joining the euro in that it was a better and more stable currency to use than the pound , and that we 'd be more prosperous within it , we 'd join it . 
  that case has n't been made yet , and i think it 's up the eurozone to reform it so the euro is better than the pound . 
  we 're trialling a new type of school , so this is an issue that only popped up recently , and even then this is more a precautionary measure . 
  i 've yet to see a redditor claim they were taught creationism as a scientific theory in the uk , instead of a religious/cultural myth . 
  besides , creationism and bible literalism is n't even a popular thing in the church of england . 
  all that happened was that someone noticed that the guidelines for the free schools had a loophole to allow creationism as a scientific theory to be taught , and closed it before anything bad happened . 
  we could do that , but i 'm worried that extremists would get elected instead of a consensus candidate . 
  how about bringing their appointment up for a vote in each national parliament , with national parties proposing their own candidates for the post during general elections ? 
  the commission president then assigns portfolios to the commission he gets , as before . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  i recall that sub-national governments , even those within eu member states , often find it near to impossible to get any dialogue with the eu . 
  that 's what happened with scotland , anyway , i do n't see how catalonia would be any different . 
  it really should be changed . 
  well said . 
  i hope that relatively soon we can reform the process of electing the rest of the commissioners so that they are better subject to democratic will . 
  it might be beneficial for everyone if the power of electing commissioners was brought much closer to the member states . 
  i hope one day i 'll hear someone complain about the `` democratic '' deficit and be able to completely shut them down . 
  i 'm sure we 'd fly the eu flag more if there were more events where we competed as `` team europe '' , like the ryder cup . 
  thing is with america is that they do n't really compete as individual states , so they 're always waving the us flag around . 
  if we had more `` us vs. europe '' competitions like the ryder cup , the eu flag would be more popular . 
  stonehenge is opened up for free , where people ( hippies , pagans , druids , revellers and other curious people ) gather to celebrate and watch the sunrise . 
  there was a lot of drugs and nakedness . 
  in the 80 's there used to be riots because the police tried to stop the festival , but nowadays they decided it 's cheaper to just let it happen and keep an eye on misdemeanours . 
  paganism was pretty much eliminated by the romans , and the rest was absorbed by christianity , but once a year at this ancient monument , the last true british pagan festival lives on . 
  it does seem a little bit odd , i admit . 
  from what you 're saying , the european free alliance sounds like a better home , but then again maybe they do n't get along with the greens ? 
  anyone got any insight about what they really stand for ? 
  i do n't think i 've heard anybody on reddit yet claim they were taught creationism in a science class in the uk . 
  much of the responses have been `` wait , this was n't already the case ? '',
