  * triggered * croatia eternal !, 
  yeah , poland , like i said : `` if you 're from eastern europe , just follow the czechs ( to the sea , not to the mountains ) . '', 
  poland stronk , but ca n't into west europ yet - sorry . 
  well , they are both saying pretty much the same thing - so they are both lying , or none are . 
  also , notice how the journalist says `` bosnian muslim fighters and their families , however , were provided with food rations from existing storage facilities '' - that would explain how bosniak soldiers had the strength to fight and raid serbian villages . 
  if you have better sources for the events - please post them . 
  calling people liars without proof does n't really help ... 
  jesus man , looks like you 've really got some health issues . 
  have you tried smoking less marijuana while fucking prostitutes on a bike ? 
  i 've heard that helps . 
  so ... a former serb soldier , and an australian journalist , testifying in front of the court in hague , are lying ? 
  is that what you 're saying ? 
  any evidence to back that up ? 
  yeah , but how could they have stopped the military actions ? 
  when those actions were motivated primarily from need for survival , eg . 
  to procure food ? 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre#starvation_in_srebrenica_1992.e2.80.931995 starvation in srebrenica 1992 -- 1995 a former serb soldier of the `` red berets '' unit described the tactics used to starve and kill the besieged population of srebrenica : * it was almost like a game , a cat-and-mouse hunt . 
  but of course we greatly outnumbered the muslims , so in almost all cases , we were the hunters and they were the prey . 
  we needed them to surrender , but how do you get someone to surrender in a war like this ? 
  you starve them to death . 
  so very quickly we realised that it was n't really weapons being smuggled into srebrenica that we should worry about , but food . 
  they were truly starving in there , so they would send people out to steal cattle or gather crops , and our job was to find and kill them ... no prisoners . 
  well , yes , if we thought they had useful information , we might keep them alive until we got it out of them , but in the end , no prisoners ... 
  the local people became quite indignant , so sometimes we would keep someone alive to hand over to them [ to kill ] just to keep them happy . 
  * [ 40 ] when australian journalist tony birtley visited the besieged srebrenica in march 1993 , he took footage of bosniak civilians starving to death . 
  [ 41 ] the judgment of the hague tribunal in the case of naser oric found that : * bosnian serb forces controlling the access roads were not allowing international humanitarian aid -- most importantly , food and medicine -- to reach srebrenica . 
  as a consequence , there was a constant and serious shortage of food causing starvation to peak in the winter of 1992/1993 . 
  numerous people died or were in an extremely emaciated state due to malnutrition . 
  bosnian muslim fighters and their families , however , were provided with food rations from existing storage facilities . 
  the most disadvantaged group among the bosnian muslims was that of the refugees , who usually lived on the streets and without shelter , in freezing temperatures . 
  only in november and december 1992 , did two un convoys with humanitarian aid reach the enclave , and this despite bosnian serb obstruction . 
  here 's an insider tip on how to find us - if you 're from western europe , turn right at hungary . 
  if you 're from eastern europe , just follow the czechs ( to the sea , not to the mountains ) . 
  calm down , holland . 
  the dutch butchered those 8000 muslims . 
  serbs are totally blameless . 
  i 'm always amazed at people from western europe commenting on our low salaries like it 's some failing of ours , like corruption etc. 
  you do realize that we are the first ones who would like our salaries to be higher , right ? 
  but that 's just not how economy works ... not everyone can be a tax haven and suck money of the rest of eu . 
  slovenian government resisted disarmament and retained most of the weaponry . 
  on the other hand , croatian territorials were almost completely disarmed , so croatia was reduced to small arms ( smuggled + police ) and almost no heavy weaponry prior to war . 
  funny that you call yourself yugoslav , but do n't remember pretty basic facts about dissolution of yugoslavia ... 
  ` purported ' shortage of workers ( as told by employers ) , in sectors of tourism and shipbuilding . 
  funny how croatia also had a shortage of electrical engineers when i finished college in 2010 , but still had to look for a job for 10 fucking months , in zagreb none the less ; so i 'm not in the least bit convinced that union of employers is n't just raising ruckus to convince politicians to increase quoats for cheap foreign labor . 
  furthermore , our youth unemployment rate is 25 % - the premise that they just ` do n't want to work ' is ridiculous . 
  out of the five countries i mentioned , only poland is a member of v4 . 
  it seems their unemployment is only 5-6 % , i admit i had no idea it was that low . 
  however , it 's a country of 40 million people ( and 15 % youth unemployment ) , so i 'm quite certain labour shortage would n't be a problem ( plus the ukranians are immigrating there en masse ) . 
  croatia 's unemployment on the other hand is at 12 % , which is the lowest it 's been since the 80s , and it 's only because hundreds of thousands of people have emmigrated . 
  a few factories would find 12k people in no time . 
  croatia , bulgaria , lithuania , latvia , poland ... ? 
  i mean , getting cheap skilled labour is really no problem pretty much anywhere in ee . 
  breeze may make you feel colder ( your body is at 37 degrees , so as long as the air is lower temperature , you 'll feel colder ) , but wo n't actually cool the house down . 
  also , same here - installed additional isolation few years ago , had cooler summers . 
  hm , i did n't know that . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a house down here without shades or blinds , and they 're usually all closed ( or down ) during the summer days . 
  i could n't imagine living in my house without shades ... 
  build out of materials with poor heat conduction ? 
  like , you know , isolation ? 
  funny how you condradict yourself . 
  yeah , you ca n't evaporate heat when it is even hotter outside . 
  that 's not how thermodynamics works ... 
  yes , too many people here have no idea how insulation works ( you described it correctly ) . 
  having good isolation is good in both winter and summer - during the summer you just need to make sure to open windows during the night so that cold air comes in , and close the windows and blinds during the day so that heat does n't come in . 
  i live in croatia , have never had ac , it regularly gets 35 + here , and have always managed just fine . 
  i know people in northern europe are not used to 30 + weather , but i 've seen people here complaining about 25 degrees , which is just ridiculous . 
  somewhere around makarska , probably - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emtpig-gdpk, 
  a. . . circlejerb ? 
  at this point , i am unsure whether this individual is an extreme muslim or an anti-muslim extremist . 
  it 's funny how similar they are  i am also unsure as to why they hate each other ? 
  they both hate gays , are extremely conservative and religious , ca n't put a proper sentence together , etc etc. 
  well , letter `` r '' becomes a vowel when positioned between two consonants , like in srbija and hrvatska . 
  the myth that we do n't use vowels comes from such words ( more examples - krk , prst , etc. . . ) . 
  if you can roll your r , you should have no problem pronouncing them . 
  yes and no - first half of the 80s was ok , it 's just that the growth slowed . 
  the second half was shit . 
  yugoslavian gdp grew until 1986. , so 1985 . was our peak pre-war year ( maybe even 1986 . ) . 
  that means that our gdp was higher in 1985 . than in 1990 . 
  year 1990 . is usually used as a starting point because it is the beginning of economic transition . 
  i remember reading all of this some time ago ... 
  the best source i could find at this moment is - https://cronomy.org/2008/04/24/hrvatski-povijesni-bdp/ edit : of course , one must be careful to differentiate between gdp and gdp per capita growth ( our population shrunk by 15 % since then , which of course effect gdp but not per capita ) ; also , are you calculating gdp using constant prices or whatnot , i 'm not an economist so i 'm not really an expert . 
  well to be honest , you escaped yugoslavia relatively unscathed . 
  your war was puny and insignificant , while our war was grand . 
  it was the best war . 
  do n't let bosnians tell you otherwise , our war was magnificent . 
  hopefully croatia will soon catch up to its 1985 . level of gdp , thus ending the lost decades - until the next crisis , of course ( agrokor , anyone ? ), 
  what a nice attempt to reconc ... wait , ekavica ? 
  * triggered *, 
  you linked some random song by the band which actually has a song titled program tvog kompjutera ( program of your computer ) ? 
  why would you do that ??? 
  oh yeah , link - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_q1flsmu7g, 
  now kiss . 
  well , there you go  . 
  a british person judging someone 's appearance . 
  this is apsolutely awesome :d, 
  as a slav and a mediterranean i feel offended . 
  well , not really , but ... how does one preclude the other ? 
  those goddamn serbs !, 
  that 's the standard pretty much everywhere where i 've visited . 
  traffic lights in russia seem incredibly dangerous to me - i mean , there are pedestrians crossing the road , but the cars have the green light at the same time ?
