1 ) nope , check again - http://www.tradingeconomics.com/croatia/gdp so when a country 's economy grows , it 's because of the eu , but when it shrinks , it 's because of the us ? 
  i 'm honestly not sure if you 're trolling or not ... btw , croatia 's economy shrunk in 2013 . 
  and in 2014 . 
  and in 2015 . 
  2 ) what is there exactly not to agree with ? 
  you 're trying to say that the ability to work in other eu countries without any quotas or special permits does not affect brain drain ? 
  in a country with one of the worst unemployment rates ? 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  1 ) incorrect - croatia 's gdp is 15 % smaller than when we joined ( source : tradingeconomics.com ) . 
  slovenia 's economy is only marginally bigger than 13 years ago when they joined , cyprus 's too , etc. 
  it 's nice looking at the world through rose-tinted glasses , though . 
  2 ) freedom of movement makes brain drain a much bigger problem than it was . 
  we do n't store the sea anywhere , duh !!, 
  it 's just that the lack of sunshine makes the sea less appealing . 
  the sunshine we , of course , share with australians - so our winter is their summer and vice versa . 
  i guess you 're right ... 
  but unfortunately we do n't have billions of petro-dollars lying around for this kind of development , like they do . 
  our tourism is purely accidental ( read : sea and sunshine ) . 
  natural , of course  your question reminds me of some tourist who asked in dubrovnik where do they store city walls during the winter :p, 
  well , you may be richer than croatia now - but you still are n't richer than croatia was in 1985 . 
  because , you know , we have still to climb to those gdp per capita levels ... food for thought - some croatian economists calculated that we actually had higher average growth under fucking feudalism than under capitalism . 
  btw - i 'm not anti-capitalist per se , it 's just that i find notion that free market guarantees any kind of growth just by itself , well ... ridiculous . 
  not really , that 's mostly a baltic phenomenon ... 
  that 's ... the exact opposite of what they should be doing :d, 
  my co-worker worked for his previous company around 10 months without pay . 
  he was searching for another job the whole time , but it took him 10 months to find it . 
  he did receive some of the money he was owed in the end . 
  hope that answers your question , 
  if there 's anything i hate , it 's people who are ignorant of other people 's cultures ... and the dutch . 
  it 's actually the other way around - croatia lost some of its inner parts to ottoman invasion , ie to today 's bosnia, 
  this . 
  out of my 6 friends who have a child , 3 had to undergo artificial insemination , one couple conceived naturally ( unfortunately , after one abortion ) , and two had no problem conceiving . 
  and we 're talking about pre-30 healthy adults here ... 
  furthermore , out of my work colleagues , one had two children without a problem , while the other two took years of expensive treatments for their partner to be able to conceive ... 
  this is definitely one of europe 's pre-eminent problems , and it 's scary how little is talked about this . 
  is n't emir kusturica generally accepted as a serb who is muslim ? 
  ( yeah , i know he was baptised recently ) etc. 
  interesting , i have already heard about this but thought that people were exaggerating . 
  seems a bit weird though , as 23 % of usa is catholic as opposed to 49 % who are protestant ( thanks , wikipedia ) . 
  so it 's not that much of a minority - must depend on where you live though . 
  shaka , when the walls fell !, 
  i 'm actually more concerned about those men they 've tied around and are about to set on fire ( presumably ) . 
  just wanted to write that . 
  for example , there is peru\u0107ica in bosnia, 
  why are there so little fish dicks jokes in this thread ? 
  i am appalled . 
   and any discussion about food quality of fish sticks is absurd . 
  i actually prefer good quality fish dicks . 
  well , it all depends on where the factory is based in relation to the market it supplies . 
  for example , if something it produced in germany and than transported to czechia , it will be more expansive in czechia ; but if it 's the other way around , it should be much cheaper in czechia ( transport + wages ) ; but it is sometimes not . 
  to the matter at hand - even if german company has less profit by selling in czechia than by selling in germany ; well , it 's still profit , so they 're not gon na stop selling it  problem is that some we companies are selling lower quality ( as perceived by ee ) products under the guise of regular ones - the solution would be that those companies mark those products as such ( stupid example - if you 're gon na sell different nuttela in ee , market is as eastern nutella - problem solved . 
  hm , at a first glance those salaries seem all over the place ... 
  working in it definitely seems sweet , but not so much for engineering professions ... 
  yep , thanks for proving my point , 
   i really ca n't wrap my head around it why you are getting downvoted . 
  supply and demand seems to be incredible out of control in eastern europe if that 's a problem . 
  do eastern europeans not have any comsumer protection organizations ? 
  why is no one producing similar but cheaper products in ee ? 
  or does no one care to look elsewhere ? 
  well if you stepped out of your bubble for a bit , you would have realized that a majority of retail market in pretty much every ee state is owned by western retail companies . 
  if competition arises , these companies are big enough to operate with a loss for a few years , just to bury competition . 
  this is not a conspiracy against ee , this is just a natural consequence of free market where one side has an enormously better starting position . 
  oh , and we do have consumer protection agencies , but they do n't have have anything to do with regulating the prices - as is the case pretty much everywhere . 
   i do n't get why this is even a problem that has to be discussed on a european level . 
  when our northern or southern neighbours start selling their products for a price that seems unfair to me , i simply stop buying them . 
  pardon me for being blunt , but you do n't get quite a bit , it would seem . 
  55k to germany alone . 
  and like i said , a lot of them come back in a year or two . 
  still , that 's cca 60.000 people we lost just last year . 
  well , in some western balkans countries gdp per capita is lower now than it was 30 years ago . 
  ukraine , same story . 
  this is actually unprecedented in those countries ' history . 
  healthy growth ? 
  if only . 
  around 100.000 croatians emigrated in 2016 . alone - from a population of 4.1 million . 
  even if quite a lot of them comes back in a year or two ( and they do ) , it is still worrying , especially since the trend seems to be getting worse ... 
  yeah , that explains it . 
  i thought that the map was about rainy days , so i thoiught it was bullshit . 
  it does n't rain here often ( it has n't for 2-3 weeks ) , but when it rains , it pours ... 
  jesus , i just realized that croatian translation of kindergarten - `` dje\u010dji vrti\u0107 '' - literally means small children 's garden . 
  i mean , `` dje\u010dji '' was obviously `` children 's '' , but i never figured that `` vrti\u0107 '' is actually a diminutive of garden . 
  i thought it was a made up word until now :d, 
  i obviously do n't hang around the same people as you do , then  but seriously , i 'm not saying that everyone drinks and drives , but no one is going to comment either . 
  i my social circle ( \u0160ibenik , around 30 years ) , it 's pretty much the norm . 
  really ? 
  because i had the exact opposite impression - in croatia drunk driving is , if not outright excepted , that at least tolerated - it 's pretty much socially acceptable to have a few beers in town center , then drive back home . 
  judging from reddit , i 've always thought that americans are on the other end of the spectrum , but it seems like that place is reserved for norway and poland . 
  actually , it 's the other way around - except for several western european countries and australia , pretty much everyone recognizes it as republic of macedonia , not fyrom . 
  political stability ? 
  we have had 2 general elections in 5 months time in 2016 , and our current government just barely survived the vote of no confidence - this is the least politically stable that we 've been since the war . 
  however , this might even be a good thing , at least it wo n't allow politicians to entrench themselves too much ... 
  steady growth ? 
  not really , we 've only just recently exited a 6-year recession , and we 're already facing another major crisis as our biggest company ( which accounts to 2-3 % gdp in croatia ) is in [ deep shit ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-croatia-growth-agrokor-iduskbn1780xn ) . 
  actually , last 30 years have been more or less without any growth whatsoever - this has n't happened since economic records exist ( cca beginning of 19th century ) . 
  i do n't need to spell out what that does to living standards . 
  something needs to change , and fast - so far , our version of capitalism has proved even more ineffectual at fostering economic growth than feudalism . 
  the worst thing is that people have become totally apathetic and do n't even expect that we 'll ever get better . 
  those who are not apathetic generally emigrate - we went from 4.7 to 4.0 million population in 25 years ... 
  and croatia , which fought the ottomans for 400 years , and was never wholly conquered , effectively stopping the ottoman advance into europe ( together with hungarians ) . 
  we were called the bulwark of christianity ( antimurale christianitatis ) - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antemurale_christianitatis,
