to be perfectly honest , my focus was in community and economic development . 
  it would be impossible not to absorb at least some transportation knowledge though . 
  many of my classmates could very much be called pedestrian/cycling advocates . 
  here 's a course listing for the program i was in . 
  www.policy.rutgers.edu/academics/uppd/courses.php if you have a more specific question , i 'd be happy to try and answer . 
  my urban planning degree is weeping on my wall . 
  i guess we need to ask how far , on a clear day , can an average human see to the horizon . 
  http://science.howstuffworks.com/question198.htm  if you are 6 feet tall and standing right at the water 's edge , then your eyes are about 5.5 feet above the surface . 
  the distance to the horizon is : squareroot ( 5.5 / 0.5736 ) = 3 miles so while a three mile lake is n't anything to sneeze at , it 's not really all that large . 
  give it a few more miles and no mountains or anything too tall in the frame and you 'll get what looks like an ocean . 
  the great lakes in the us/canada are the same , i hear . 
  people go to the beach and you ca n't see the other side at all . 
  is ... is that real ? 
  is the point that cyclists should move over to the `` lane '' whenever there are no parking spots ? 
  even if it 's only for a few yards ? 
  because you need to stay hip and edgy . 
  it 's what kids crave . 
  what about united european states ? 
  kind of like united arab emirates . 
  would that make a difference in most non-english languages ? 
  true . 
  we have apprenticeship programs in the us as well as other vocational training . 
  it 's hard to standardize and compare . 
  it 's never that high for college and university due to older citizens who never went , immigration , etc. 
  in the us , we 're t 28.2 % for our population age 25 and older . 
  it 's probably much higher for just age 30-34 . http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/00000.html, 
  in the us , we usually compare the percentage of a population aged 25 years and up who have a bachelor 's degree or higher . 
  30 to 34 seems like such a strange and narrow age range . 
  do you know what the reason for looking at only that five-year span is ? 
  in the us , the most common measure we use is the percentage who have a bachelor 's degree or above for the age 25 years old and up . 
  `` capitalism finds a way '' is just a joke comment that was meant to play on the line `` life finds a way '' in jurassic park . 
  some people got it . 
  others want to debate the details . 
  just a joke . 
  okay , but there are plenty of cities in north america that have century old sewer systems as well . 
  i 've seen signs asking not to place paper towels or sanitary napkins in a toilet but never regular toilet paper . 
  were these systems simply built to a smaller scale ? 
  and are we talking about the pipes in the buildings to the main sewers or is the problem also with the main sewer lines as well ? 
  meaning , is this only a problem in old buildings or even in new buildings in old towns ? 
  capitalism finds a way . 
  undrinkable water too . 
  do n't forget about that one . 
  time to upgrade the infrastructure ... 
  question . 
  how does it treat words with separate meanings but the same spelling ? 
  for example : train ; box ; run , etc. 
  oh , thank god . 
  i was specifically asking the redditor who brought up segregation on religious grounds . 
  i would n't consider opting out to be segregation . 
  domestic violence is never acceptable regardless of the circumstances . 
  a ban on burqas is n't going to solve the underlying problem there though . 
  it is not the burqa that is causing domestic violence and its elimination wo n't end it . 
  i would agree that a * requirement * for an adult woman to wear a burqa is oppressive . 
  unquestionably . 
  but what if an adult woman * chooses * to wear a burqa for cultural reasons ? 
  would giving families the opportunity to opt out of certain physical education classes be acceptable ? 
  and while i do n't think burqas are great , i 'm not comfortable calling them oppressive . 
  one could argue that the focus on women 's physical beauty in the west is also oppressive in a subtler but more extensive way . 
  it 's feels like the pot is calling the kettle black . 
  so if the family was still muslim but had been born and raised in germany , you would feel differently ? 
  it depends . 
  was the number expected to be higher ? 
  if more than that wanted to get married and they were being delayed or obstructed or are afraid of coming out , then yes , it 's a problem . 
  could n't you say everything in north and south america is also partially a product of european culture ? 
   we do n't do tactical voting . 
  i guess he 's never heard of * survivor * ? 
  so it sounds like there is really very little difference between how it works in the netherlands and the uk . 
  i suppose we just hear so much more about the uk monarchy here in the us because of language and culture . 
  and the drama . 
  so no outside employment for any of the family members ? 
  everything is related to being head of state . 
  so what do they do all day ? 
  what are their official roles ? 
  is it absurd because overall population growth is too high and strains services/infrastructure or are you concerned for cultural and assimilation reasons ? 
  meaning , if the extra half million simply came from births from uk residents , would you be as worried ? 
  could it be age related ? 
  more older women who live to very old age as compared to men ? 
  i wonder how many of that 35 % are foreign born citizens ? 
  my parents are from portugal and each have passports as they go visit every year . 
  i have a passport but have n't really left the country much . 
  ( not because i do n't have interest but because of cost . ), 
  i 'm sure the number would be much less if we removed people that moved to the us after their teen years . 
  also , european countries are much smaller geographically and i assume it 's much cheaper for someone in a european country to visit a foreign land and get a different cultural experience than it is for most americans . 
  * majestic * . 
  it 's a * majestic * eagle . 
  do you have the data source on that ? 
  it 's something that i 've suspected . 
  that taxes and spending once accounted for by all levels of government are much closer than they would appear when only looking at the national governments . 
  without more information , we can only speculate . 
  it could be that the situation at home has been rough and the differences in culture very difficult to overcome so they gave him a plane ticket to go home basically giving up . 
  that would seem to be a poor decision on the parents . 
  or , the dad could have thought that the kid would n't actually leave . 
  much how they did n't ask him to come home form the shelter . 
  sounds like everyone here is way too stuborn . 
  am i missing something or did this kid just run away from home because he did n't like his parents ? 
   `` she would make any small problem big , '' he said on channel 1 . 
  he also told channel 1 that he fled home because of the conflicts with his adoptive mother , staying on the streets for about three months and stealing . 
  they did n't kick him out or abuse him . 
  it sounds like he just did n't like them and so he left . 
  there does n't seem to be anything worse than nagging in the article .
