china !, 
  i do n't think tourism jobs are better than the jobs we have here now . 
  we also have near 0 unemployment , so for that reason we do n't need them . 
  what i do n't like is how busy it gets in tourist city 's and how the shops and restaurants are catering more to their tastes than the locals . 
  i do n't like the noise and i do n't like the massive increase in housing prices . 
  tourism degrades the quality of life after a certain point . 
  that point is long gone in amsterdam , i hope my city never gets there though . 
  having said that , i like tourists themselves . 
  showing them around , talking to them etc. 
  login block . 
  post their content . 
  if it where just europeans visiting europe like in the past there is no problem . 
  they tend to spread out more across the country . 
  backpackers and long distance travelers tend to city hop from capital to capital . 
  leaving them crowded and the rest of the country empty . 
  cheaper flights cause more people to travel far away . 
  and people from far away tend to stick to the bigger and more well known attractions . 
  one of the most populous countries in the world also suddenly gained a middle class which has money to travel . 
  where 10 years ago they had none . 
  amsyerdam is also overrun . 
  dutch people stay away from there . 
  the centre is becoming unlivable for families . 
  crazy world when criminals and the police win by having more computational power . 
  movie idea : the nsa has to hack google and turn all android phones into a giant botnet to out compute and find dr evil who is trying to blow up the world . 
  are you wearing spandex ? 
  euhh i hope . 
  and leiden as well , it 's becoming a popular `` backup amsterdam '' for chinese tourist . 
  yes , us companies are incredibly aggressive . 
  we often hear about hostile takeovers in the eu . 
  ( from the chinese as well ) . 
  i feel like the eu is slowly realising that hostile takeovers are a bad thing . 
  a lot of them fail , and leave an otherwise viable company to die . 
  and sometimes its just about securing patents and knowledge , again killing a company in the process . 
  eu companies are easy prey for venture capitalists , as they are built upon slow growth and a very expert and loyal worker base . 
  however , recent eu and dutch rulings are designed to stop hostile takeovers . 
  for example : different foreign companies got blocked when trying to take over kpn ( biggest telecom network ) , postnl ( dutch post ) , unilever ( dutch foodstuffs and health product producer ) , and they are currently researching the legality behind the qualcomm takeover of dutch chip manufacturer nxp . 
  among the rulings is a minimal 1 year delay in any hostile takeover , which would allow the companies to raise money to compete . 
  and put-off the fast profit seeking venture capitalists . 
  thats because venture capital investment something that is done mostly by americans for americans . 
  the get rich fast idea that seems to be the soul of the american dream . 
  that 's what you guys are good at , investing and throwing money around . 
  your great university 's bring around great manager 's who in turn import knowledge , people and goods from other country 's . 
  if you look at capital investment you see a different ranking : * china : 4.782 billion * usa :3.455 billion * japan : 1.002 billion * germany : 747 billion * india : 696 billion * france :639 billion . 
  if you look at high tech export you see this : * china : 560 billion * germany : 193 billion * united states : 147 billion [ link ] ( http://www.worldatlas.com/articles/countries-with-the-most-high-tech-exports.html ) you are by no means far ahead technology or investment wise . 
  while you have venture capitalists that get company 's of the ground , other countries can have different systems in place to nurture innovation . 
  like , subsidies , government grants , or cheap labor , or great education or just a very happy and motivated workforce . 
  except she was radicallized online . 
  english was established as a world language due to the british empire . 
  the usa did however massivly expanded on that fact . 
  and there are other countries as well that have areas akin to silicon valley . 
  like the german ruhr area and shenzhen 's electronic tower district . 
  yeah sure , it might be caused by racism . 
  but by no means does this mean that it is the actual reason . 
  it might be teenage angst , relationship problems or all of the above . 
  however the news article tries to pin it on racism really fast and it 's arguments and examples are weak . 
  this is why i 'm questioning their motives . 
  i am sorry you had bad experiences with racism as a kid . 
  i hope that 's gone now . 
  it matters because i am getting the feeling the news agency is trying to sensationalise this by pinning it incorrectly on racism . 
  i do not agree with thw article that the reason of her suicide is mostly bullyung . 
  being called a stupid pole is barely bullying if you ask me . 
  besides she had a boyfriend and is very pretty . 
  it 's seems to me like the news site tries to push an agenda or sensationalise . 
  i am actively fighting this trend by working under time . 
  protecting culture is always a good thing everybody can get behind . 
  whatever happens during the vote , good luck out there the coming time . 
  is is really that bad in andalucia ? 
  you do know that : '' / s '' means sarcasm right ? 
  i have no problem with the eu bailing out greece or spain or whatever , especially not considering the severeness of the crisis . 
  ( we had to bail out some of our own banks as well ) . 
  the money the whole eu makes by being able to negotiate trade deals as a strong , big and unified entity , is larger than then bailout cost anyway . 
  which is indeed a loan even . 
  what i am replying to is to the guy who is bitching on andalucia needing money , while from another point of view , you guys might be the eu 's andalucia . 
  which i find highly ironic . 
   left wing and the popular classes  long , long history that is good to hear . 
  i still hope you dont leave though , but if that is the case i can kinda see you would want to . 
  do you think that catalonia will join the eu if they manage to get their independence ? 
  or be more like switserland/norway . 
  well sorry about that , it wasnt my purpose to be condescending . 
  i am just trying to understand why you guys want to declare independence and if its some populist trump , clone that is trying to get more power . 
  or an actual long standing idea , that has gained traction with people from all walks of life . 
  ive heard about the basques wanting their own state but never ever heard about the catalans wanting the same . 
  this really came out of nowhere for non-spanish people . 
  the nice thing about reddit is that you can get first hand knowledge about the subject . 
  a weaker ( poorer ) spain has an influence on the eu and therefore me as well . 
  so i am invested in you guys not leaving as well . 
  what i see is an area that has been in and out a lot alliances with neighboring ( now spanish ) territory 's and has been more or less a part of spain for hundreds of years . 
  and in the end , ended up as a somewhat special provence of spain . 
  funnily enough , the south of the netherlands held this status for a while as well . 
  however this was due to conquest and not ( semi ) voluntarily as is the case with catalonia . 
  in my mind , barcelona and the area around it is just spain , ive never heard anything else about it . 
  and i think it is bad for the eu and spain if one of their economic engines would leave spain . 
  a province should not be able to join a nation when it does well and leave when it does worse than them . 
  you mention belgium , the funny thing there is that 100 tot 200 years ago the south ( walloon ) wanted to seperate from the poorer north ( flanders ) , but never got to it . 
  while currently there is a rising popularity of people from the now richer north that want to seperate from the now poorer south . 
  i think both sides can be glad that they never did seperate as a diverse and wide economy is good for the overal quality of living in a country . 
  catalonia might do great now but in 50 years and different economic circumstances the roles might turn . 
  i am not debating whether or not immigrants ( especially from the middle east ) commit more crimes and rapes than westerners or other immigrants . 
  they do , there is no question about it . 
  especially considering that most immigrants are jobless adolescent men , who are over represented in crime statistics anyways .
