  economically not a good thing , but i am more worried about trump being charge of foreign policy . 
  he has already lost ground to putin and he has n't even stepped into the office, 
  my first reaction was disgust , but now i do n't think this will be the end of the world . 
  he still has n't written a single policy , so his true stance on things remains hidden . 
  most likely he will hand the reigns fully to the party and they will write him a script to follow for the next four years . 
  i can think of thousand of other questions concerning belarus and thats the most asked one in germany ? 
  well i hope for norway 's sake that these incidents will be the last , because if you want a worst case scenario , then your looking at something what finland experienced in 2001 . 
  i 'm 26 and if you ask anybody above my age `` what do you think of skiing ? 
  '' , the answer is usually : lahti 2001 . 
  after that finland pretty much ceased to be a skiing country, 
  i knew it , we should n't have made all those jokes about therese johaug . 
  cmon norway pls gibe mountain ; _ ;, 
  lutheran church in finland denied women from entering priesthood until the late 80s , so not so long ago . 
  whose to say catholics wo n't soften their views in the near future, 
  if i remember correctly in finland majority of the new priests are female . 
  those `` trade deals '' were an integral part of the molotov-ribbentrop pact , they were nothing but political . 
  well we have baseball ... kinda, 
  henry ford hardly represents the us goverment . 
  on state level , us had no secret deals with the nazis to divide europe . 
  in my time , if you wanted properly waxed skis you had to do it on your time and of course since nobody knew how to wax them , everybody was like `` fuck it , they cant be that bad '' ... oh , how wrong were we :d, 
  skiing was the most traumatic and humiliating experience of my military service . 
  i swore an oath never to ski again, 
  ehhh ... military in nordic countries is not what i would call a harsh enviroment . 
  for most parts it 's pretty chill, 
  its kinda like petanque meets bowling, 
  helsinki is not that bad , but i would n't want to live there, 
  i do n't even know anyone named korhonen , that 's the most common surname in finland ? 
  in finnish the name of austria is roughly translated from it 's native name : it\u00e4valta ( eastern power ) . 
  australia does n't have translation so it 's very hard to confuse them, 
  that 's about the only church in pori which is not totally hideous . 
  even the orthodox church looks lutheran, 
  good luck . 
  for me anything over 25 c is unbearable, 
  i am pretty sure majority of finns were against the war aswell . 
  you can open a beer bottle with just about anything . 
  like a lighter or an old school candy bar nokia phone, 
  also everybody knows that the schuko is the most superior plug, 
  baltika is a russian brand of beer, 
  also juoksukaljat ( running beer ) : somebody goes to super market , grabs a pack ( or more ) of beers and runs out of the market as fast as they can without paying . 
  i 've seen this in action a few times , it 's quite a spectacle . 
  i do n't hate romania , i even voted them in the eurovision when they had that `` flamboyant '' opera vampire ... 
  still mad that he did n't win, 
  samething with finland, 
  reading is pretty easy compared to listening ... 
  they talk way too fast, 
   that drunk-driving violent dude vapaavuori do n't you think that 's a bit too harsh . 
  i 'm not saying either of those offenses are right , but people make mistakes and as far as politicians go vapaavuori is not that bad . 
  nah , the tram is a tourist trap, 
  too bad he has zero charisma . 
  if you thought rinne or sipil\u00e4 were lousy opposition leaders wait until halal-aho gets into the reins . 
  it will be the last nail into the ps coffin . 
  you can always get a prepaid sim card, 
  alkoholi , c is not really used in finnish, 
  who ca n't even catch mice . 
  if i remember correctly , they had to bring the other big government cat to downing street , because larry was so bad at his job . 
  he is pretty ambitious , one could call him too ambitious . 
  he deserted the prime minister job midterm in order to improve his career opportunities in eu , so many people dislike him for this . 
  islandception, 
  wow , thats some muslim lvl hand washing, 
  literally yes , but the meaning is more like `` fuck off '', 
  i bet he has gentoo on his computer, 
  great , now i have sean connery singing in my head `` god save the queen '' by sex pistols, 
  yeah with the exception of ford , american car companies are just horrible at producing cars for european markets . 
  they look awful and are unreliable ... 
  if donald had to drive something like the dodge caliber , he probably would shut his mouth, 
  anything under - 20 c is just a matter of getting used to and wearing proper clothes, 
  stupid thieves , give back our boxes !, 
  it 's a fun map , but i like remind people that while a lot of people listen metal , it is not mainstream in finland . 
  majority of finns have equally horrible music taste as every other europeans ... 
  so before you south american metalheads decide to move to the promised land , maybe take a holiday first ... just do n't want you to be dissappointed when you arrive here, 
   also , swedish is mandatory in schools i do n't think the swedish part has any effect since it 's not a foreign language ... 
  still you would think we would be pretty high on that list, 
  sheesh , we turn 100 years old next year and we do n't even make it into this stupid list ... now i 'm just sad, 
   de vaalserberg ( +322 m ) hah only 4 metres higher than estonia 's `` mountain '', 
  i wish sweaty mikolaj would bring my presents, 
  i find it way more refreshing than fanta , which is way too sweet . 
  do n't really drink it often , but it 's great for hangovers . 
  most major music festivals in finland are more about drinking than enjoying music , so they are pain in the ass for the police . 
  i have friends who just skip the whole festival in order to drink beer in the camping area ... 
  personally i do n't see the appeal of drinking warm beer in a hot tent, 
  it 's even worse than calling joulu christmas . 
  damn , anglo-saxons messing with our pagan holiday names, 
  i once visited the castle when i was a kid . 
  all i can remember was that there was epic toilet hole with a nice view down to the lake, 
  not really . 
  what i 've heard we have only been training the iraqi law enforcement and sent few officers to give strategic knowledge, 
   the middle eastern rise rise on what , oil ? 
  while the eu and us has variety of industries to carry themselves through hard times , the middle east is a one trick pony . 
  [ portuguese weather forecast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzmuad7ojc8 ), 
  all nordics are like siblings and sweden is the big brother that annoys everyone, 
  i 'll suffer my winter darkness happily knowing i wo n't have to suffer those kind of temperatures, 
  taiwan # 1 vatican # 2 ... china # 193, 
  it 's a nice town . 
  sure , not much to see , but i like to live here . 
  haglund was a pretty good defense minister , despite the fact he had n't even done military service . 
  experience is nice , but having capable staff and good governing skills far more important, 
  i do n't think wahlroos really counts . 
  i 'm pretty sure he just did that to piss off his parents, 
  i live in a coastal city and there are hardly any mosquitoes . 
  you really need to find a shady place to get bitten,
