also most of the permits go for hunters . 
  personally i have never met anyone who owns a hand gun or assault rifle, 
  finland , already living the dream, 
  real madrid has held the transfer record for something like 15 years . 
  remind us again how much psg paid for david fucking luiz, 
  hah , we have a website for leaving the church . 
  so it takes likes 5 minutes . 
  in finland its the same . 
  i think that applies to all countries where lutheranism is the majority religion . 
  and pretty soon scots will start rebuilding the hadrian 's wall to keep the southerners out . 
  funny part is that estonia is the biggest drunk in europe and we get called alcoholics, 
   we both speak swedish !, 
   hahahahaha ... we really do n't . 
  finnish kids are basically forced to study swedish , so their learning motivation is n't really high . 
  i ca n't really remember learning anything from my swedish classes besides getting few laughs of `` jag heter homo-peter '' and thats pretty mild . 
  usually when kids are forced to study languages they atleast learn the swear words , but no one really bothered with the swedish ones, 
   the finns do n't talk about damnation and god 's wrath like republicans do neither does the republicans , only their radical wing . 
  which is funny because the finns also have a radical wing , allthough not so religion crazy as the teaparty  ps . 
  they 're more central-left than right wing central maybe , left no . 
  they are for more smaller goverment , less taxation and regulations . 
  their voters come from a background that has traditionally voted for the center party and sdp , but they themselves are definetly a right wing party . 
  of course they like to occasionally flirt with some leftist values to attract the votes of the working class , but thats the far as they go  in fact , not even our christian democratic party talks about god punishing us for allowing same-sex marriage . 
  have you already forgotten what happened last time they shared their views on gay marriage . 
  they ended up hurting the church of finland big time . 
  so they avoid speaking about it for obvious reasons the finns are republican in the sense they make their politics . 
  they lure their voters by talking about minor issues like gay marriage , eu , immigration , military funding ... do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying we should n't talk about those things , but they are n't the key issues finland needs adress . 
  if you ask a ps voter why he voted for the party . 
  he/she will most likely give you an answer based on their emotions and likes what the party is doing moralwise . 
  what they ca n't tell you is where the party stands on the key issues that really matter . 
  the name is mainly there for the use of the swedish speaking media . 
  they probably thought it would better for themselves to pick a name in swedish than them choosing something less flattering for them the party itself very rarely uses the swedish variation, 
  they are a nationalistic right wing party yes , but i would n't compare them to front nationale or sweden democrats like some european newspapers like to do . 
  if i have had to compare them to somebody i 'd say they are more like the finnish equivalent of rebuplicans . 
  also georgia ( country ), 
  wow , maybe we arent so fucked after all . 
  so the world population should start declining at some point ? 
  it 's pretty much the same shit in any lidl . 
  only like the really generic dairy products and meats come from local suppliers otherwise they all come through germany . 
  it has nothing to do with which party is in charge . 
  sweden takes immigrants to feed their economic growth and as long it keeps on growing the main parties will be for it ( except sweden democrats ) . 
  even if the moderates had won the election they still would have taken as many refugees as now . 
  reinfeldt was a lot more pro-immigration than example his predecessor persson, 
  we should just start our own club, 
  not to mentions all those american movies . 
  as a kid it always made wonder why does n't the americans keep their damn lights on, 
  he probably turned them off just for the picture . 
  in finland law requires you to keep your headlights on always when the car is on the move . 
  in summer it might feel pointless to keep them on because it does n't really get dark , but it 's a great way to signal to the pedestrians that your car is on the move . 
  probably , i live in west coast and we barely have snow . 
  yep , december is the darkest time of the year and the snow is actually a huge source of light in the dark . 
  so without snow winter is even more depressing, 
  meh , it 's not worth it . 
  that legoland is a ticking enviromental time bomb waiting for to happen . 
  i can already see the headlines : `` finland killing dolphins with runaway lego blocks ! '' . 
  that 's too much pressure , we finns ca n't handle that kind of attention, 
  hmm ... 
  does that include greenland ? 
  since global warming with it 's sea rise is happening , flat danmark does n't really seem like it 's worth investing in, 
  bros before hos, 
  as much as hate his party . 
  jussi niinist\u00f6 was a great choice for dm, 
  in finland smoking ban was already in motion by the time i was 18 . 
  at the time i smoked myself , but even i thought it was a great idea to have smoke free bars . 
  do n't know if i ever managed to quit if it had n't been done . 
  on the downside , now i have to wait alone in the table and watch everybodys drinks, 
   alice springs i 've always wondered who would want to live there, 
  wow , atleast i got the coastal towns right :d, 
  you take the cards life deals you, 
  why would i waste my friends time with this small talk nonsense ? 
  small talk is pointless . 
  why would i waste my energy on something that leads to nowhere . 
  you do know lot of the older nokia phones were assembled in hungary ? 
   it 's just that beautiful it 's ok , but it 's no norway or iceland, 
  cyprus 2 . 
  sicilia 3 . 
  yeah , but the cost of living is even more ridiculous than it is in here, 
  it is pretty easy , people just make a big deal about the long words . 
  in finnish we do n't make sentences by adding articles . 
  meaning of the sentences is defined by the form of the words . 
  that and our love for compounds is the reason why words in finnish are so long, 
  as frequent listener of world service and 6 music , i am always happy that bbc gets more funding so thanks british tax payers :d, 
  georgia should be officially called georgia ( country ) just to piss them off, 
  small parties are n't options they are filler . 
  with who ? 
  social democrats are the only viable option if kokoomus decides to leave goverment and rinne already said they would prefer new elections . 
  most likely there will be new elections, 
  its not that we do n't like him it 's that normal finns do n't understand his importance and the impact he has made in the tech world . 
  so i would call him forgotten rather than disliked, 
   finland sending them to such an hostile country would be racist, 
  thanks to your overseas territories, 
  sure why not , they are loads of fun . 
  just do google image search on `` hirvikolari '' this was my favourite pic : [ moose hit by a train ] ( http://is11.snstatic.fi/img/978/1288404440436.jpg ), 
  right now it 's getting kinda hostile with the refugees . 
  also we have our own unemployed , so unless somebody can guarentee you a job i would n't move to finland, 
   and their sovereignty only kinda . 
  sure we had it better than the countries behind the curtain , but we still had to make a lot of ass kissing trip to moscow . 
  there are no octopus in finland ( well maybe in aquarium ) , so we think of them as pretty weird . 
  why would somebody want to eat them ? 
  they are like the spiders of the sea after all, 
   social benefits are n't high enough sure they might get more benefits in northern countries but they seem to forget that everything costs here zillion times more .
