  edit : just saw a guy in a tank top , not very smart, 
  romania, 
  enhanced, 
  rabies, 
  same , romania, 
  i used a proxy , thanks anyway . 
  in romania these are my options provided from a company . 
  50mbps at 6.9 euro . 
  100mbps at 8.76 euro . 
  500mbps at 11.1 euro . 
  1gbps at 13.2 euro, 
  you ca n't target a certain ethnic group . 
  it 's not right . 
  lol . 
  it would be nice , but it not the chase . 
  i guess it 's combination of a growing it sector and peoples expectations of internet . 
  just a few years ago there were a lot of local internet providers we used to call them neighborhood internet , who were competing with each other , and provided very good speeds at very reasonable prices . 
  after the big companies took over ( upc , and another nation wide company ) people would not settle for less . 
  so they laid the basis for good internet speed form early on . 
  i remember 7 years ago i think , they installed fiber and it was a nation wide project done by a private company . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/1p61vr/as_an_australian_my_government_thinks_25_mbps_is/cczpg7f ), 
  mark out . 
  not even surprised . 
  he has spend more time on the back of a scooter that in a car this season . 
  pot sa confirm . 
  looks like they 're gon na have to visit boba jr at the trailer after the race . 
  jesus christ , for how long was that train delayed . 
  m-am inselat . 
  i ca n't past the libgoogle in the / lib ( the paste button turns of when i enter the system files ) . 
  any idea why ? 
  thanks, 
  you have to install a file manager from google play . 
  and you find the lib folder in system folder . 
  edit : i 've changed from english ( us ) to englis ( uk ) and it works for now . 
  it 's not rooted and i do n't know what mounting a directory is . 
  i have a gnex with 4.3 . 
  if you have any links on how to do that it would be much appreciated . 
  for now i switched to english uk and it works ok . 
  xpost from / r/romania, 
  why do n't you do that ? 
  what happened i did n't catch it . 
  then we 'll call them the golden boys . 
  this atmosphere at red bull must be so relaxed now . 
  they won the constructors championship , then the drivers championship and now a 1 2 . 
  metro 2033, 
   difference between romas ( which are gypsies ) and romanians . 
  gypsies are romanian . 
  not ethnically do . 
  they have romanian nationality ( the ones born in romania ) but roma ethnicity . 
  clipu respectiv ii furat de la alt user . 
  what 's the name of the book ? 
  edit : is it murder in mississippi ? 
  ama, 
  the girl lived . 
  but she lost the lower part of her foot . 
  watch the video [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/1qmcjz/woman_walks_in_front_of_train/cdeczfb ), 
   i understand where your coming from , but you do n't know her . 
  yeah neither do you, 
  i 've seen some nasty shit here in romania . 
  but not that nasty . 
  i actually liked it . 
  i know . 
  right ? 
  but i think it was the girls singing more than the anthem itself, 
  am luat, 
  watch the video . 
  he 's actually praising him, 
  a bit more info :, 
  this type of city is called a radial diagram . 
  francesco di georgio martini was the architect and military engineer who came up with such a design . 
  pe bbc iplayer cu holaunblocker, 
  yes, 
  i was waiting for david attenborough voice in the background, 
   this is in slovakia , those are not drunks , but idiotic gypsy scum, 
  was it necessary the gypsy thing ? 
  shitty people will attack you out of the blue for no reason . 
  in this chase they happen to be gypsies . 
  white people sucker punch/attack others to . 
   it sounds like racism , but believe me if you lived with those people you would hate them with all of your heart . 
  dude i live in romania . 
  i know all about gypsies . 
  i know gypsies who steal and mug people and i know gypsies who have a honest job and work like the rest of us . 
  calling dose two morons in the clip gypsie scum ... is . 
  i do n't see the point . 
  i bought the pro version . 
  took my money did n't install it . 
  anyone else got that error ? 
  my arm looked kinda like this after arm wrestling [ link ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j3gwaez.jpg ), 
  and ryan dunn, 
  you are obliged by law to get out of the way in most if not all european countries . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i think the windows shattered in this case cause the contact surface was so much bigger so the resonance frequency would be much lower than on that small window mythbusters tested . 
  it 's from romania . 
  source : i 'm romanian . 
  also i think that guy is a olar gypsy ( not sure how olar translates in english ) oala = pot, 
   compression fracture of the t12 vertebra , 5 stitches to the eye , 6 stitches to the chin , severely sprained back , wrist and hand . 
  multiple bruised areas . 
  nuts in place . 
  i call it a success, 
  it 's from the description of the video .
