  * time to go home , release poor aligator, 
  sums it up quite nicely . 
  and we all know at least a handful of autistic fucks who could/would/probably did pull similar shit . 
  most were just a bit more stealthy and not fully autistic to risk jizzing on the girls back . 
  but we all knew `` that guy '' . 
  above and beyond - sun and moon, 
  slav here . 
  do n't really give a shit . 
  we hate most of each others anyway . 
   father russia, 
  topkek . 
  father as is retarded bastard offspring of ukrainians and mongols ? 
  ready for round 2 ? 
  gone from the map of yuropa since 1992 . 
  yup, 
  out of curiosity , what do mean ? 
  well i 'm ukrainian . 
  zero enmity and warm relations to belarus ( not the gov , the people ) , russia is literally the worst thing to happen to eastern europe , we 've had a long history of enmity with poland , but things are normalizing now , no enmity with slovaks , hungarian nationalists are pricks but otherwise little to no enmity with hungary ( they 're not really slavs though ) . 
  croats , slovenes , czech etc ; no enmity because of little to no contact . 
  serbs are the russia of the balkans , so not too friendly with them . 
  i think it really depends on the country and its surroundings . 
  we 're one of the most shafted and unfortunate with our surroundings , but again , it varies a lot from country to country . 
  if you have that kind of money and are russian , you 're * at least * on good terms with putin . 
  if latvia is dirtpoor , we 're ( further eastern europe , non-eu ) the fucking subsaharan africa of europe . 
  and our wonderful tard neighbor with retard-strength ( russia ) is north korea . 
  as a smoker myself ; smokers who are n't considerate of others . 
  the ones that smoke in inappropriate places , have no problem blowing smoke towards others , and litter . 
  if , however , a smoker takes all the steps necessary to respect non-smokers ; do it in a remote location , avoid exposing others to second-hand smoke and dispose of cigarette butts in a responsible way ; it 's annoying when the anti-smoking `` activists '' give you shit . 
  i think almost all smokers acknowledge the potential health risks , understand that its a very harmful and stupid habit , and do n't need to be reminded of it . 
  being obnoxious and flaunting your moral superiority does n't help us quit . 
   but if someone so obnoxious and immature can quit , why ca n't you ? 
  who are you talking about ? 
  and maybe if it was so easy , more people would do it ? 
  nicotine is one of the most addictive chemicals in nature . 
  on top of that , smoking becomes heavily ingrained into your everyday routine ( driving , at work , when drinking , after sex ) . 
  smoke breaks at work genuinely do help manage stress ; maybe not from the smoking itself , but taking the 3-5 minutes to step out and take a few minutes to yourself , psychologically unwind . 
  i did quit for a few years at a time , and am not proud that i recently started again . 
  however , condescending statements do n't help . 
  it just makes you look douchey , and is a rude reminder of `` yes , i acknowledge i 'm making a stupid mistake , thanks for your `` support '' and rubbing it in '' . 
  ^ ^ pretty much this right here is what * not * to do . 
  must be pretty shitty that you have to label others with nasty names to feel better about yourself . 
  * brought to you by the saudi national aero-space program *, 
   pitted russians and ukrainians, 
  pardon me , but i do n't see any ukrainians annexing russian peninsulas and demanding the return of rightfully ukrainian-cossack lands to glorious kievan russ empire . 
  the aggression is pretty one-sided . 
  i do n't think the russian hate-propaganda is too attractive for a regular ukrainian . 
  and i doubt they need a 3rd party to explain that the people invading you and are claiming you as part of their empire are n't exactly your friends . 
   and watch those stupid slavs kill each other . 
  sarcasm or not , watch your mouth . 
  edit : grammar, 
  you do n't know shit about either if you think ukrainians are to russians as austrians are to germans . 
   i do n't understand these stupid artificial divisions . 
  because they are n't there , smartass . 
  it 's two distinct , neighboring nations . 
  same as belarussians are to pollocks or serbs are to croats . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  [ tl ; dr : languages most common to ukrainian . 
  spoiler alert : belorussian , polish , serbian and slovak and more mutually intelligible ( common vocabulary ) than russian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_language#classification_and_relationship_to_other_languages ), 
   ukrainians and russians are genetically the same . 
  so are ukrainians and pollocks . 
  your point ? 
  slavs encompass a large number of nations . 
  * courtesy of kenyan islamic-sharia socialist party 2016 *, 
  somebody give the guys of / r/poland a heads-up . 
  you are now moderator of / r/theredpill, 
   i will fucking wreck you, 
   i 'm sure you had some fun with that pumpkin, 
  i do n't even want to know what he had in mind . 
  not really . 
  the case is that almost * all * ukrainians know both . 
  you know ... soviet union and partially being occupied for a few hundred years . 
  hell , i 'm from the east and it 's my native tongue . 
  however , ukrainian itself is closer to [ other slavic languages ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_language#classification_and_relationship_to_other_languages ) . 
  i mean compare 84 % common vocabulary with belorussian , and 70 % with polish , hell even the distant serbs at 68 % ; rather than 62 % with russian . 
  while most slavic languages have a lot in common , russian is very distinct . 
  russians usually do n't understand ukrainian , almost at all . 
  ... finland ? 
  or one of the baltic states ? 
  ^ poland ? 
  / r/firstworldanarchists strikes again !, 
  thing is , if you take into account that ukrainians are all defacto bilingual ; even the ukrainians that are native speakers , from the very west etc ; they will switch to either russian , or at least a mix of russian and ukrainian , called surzhyk . 
   however she did say it was about 70 % intelligible and that ukrainians can understand russians better than russians ukrainians . 
  do n't know what she meant by that . 
  russian - * speaking * ukrainians like myself go between the two languages . 
  if i 'm talking to the select few ukrainians that genuinely do n't understand russian , i 'll switch to ukrainian . 
  a russian would have to mime and talk very slowly to be understood . 
  especially with ukrainian regional slang . 
   interesting , does that mean a ukrainian can understand a pole to a certain degree ? 
  we pretty much can * read * all other slavic language as long as we know the latin alphabet . 
  on paper , it sounds very similar to ukrainian . 
  when a native is speaking at a regular pace , its hard to understand with the pronunciation being totally different . 
  belorussian is pretty much understood entirely . 
  it literally is almost the same as ukrainian ( they are probably the closest nation to ukrainians in almost all regards ) . 
  slovak , i can grasp if they 're talking slowly . 
  the rest , you have to be * really * slow and stretch every word by syllable for a ukrainian-speaker to understand . 
  my rough estimate : late 20 's , early 30 's at the very most . 
  first and last can be mid-late 30 's . 
  reasoning behind guess ? 
  they usually do n't live past that age . 
  public medicine is non-existent .
