  and go read some history books . 
  damn i 've been laughing in this thread so much , this things are so fucking true here lol, 
  trst under slovenia and no disputed territory ? 
  nice, 
  forgot the / s, 
  greece going for that ~ ~ istanbul ~ ~ constantinople then / s, 
  there are some other reasons like the help from the polish hussars and sultan dying before the siege . 
  til potiorek was slovene, 
  german-slavic more likely, 
  there were hundreds of wars in europe and you justify mass deportation of germans from their homeland ? 
  same shit saying maybe greeks should n't have started greco-turksih war and then losing izmir and eastern tharcia, 
  why is that, 
   we `` lost '' part of carinthia to austria in 1920 through referendum ; carinthians themselves decided , in which country they want to live . 
  what a mistake on their part !, 
  those poor sods with their 3.000 eur salaries . 
  yeah , 3k $ is great , but it was n't always easy being a slovene in carinthia under austrian control . 
  at the end of 19th century carinthia was 1/3 slovene and if we compare it today there was a shitton of germanisation going on to this day ( and oppression ) and do n't forget that idiot haider . 
  12.6.1945 best day for trst [ for the reference ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trieste#world_war_ii_and_its_aftermath ) fifth paragraph, 
  small part of slovenia is balkan and if we 're balkan then italy should be balkan too because triest is balkan, 
  damn italians and their irredentism taking our rightful clay ! 1 ^ / s, 
   balkan nation anymore kek , when were we balkan nation ? 
  same goes for slovenia , iceland mvp, 
  many crashes happened today in slovenia cause of the sudden snow, 
  maybe they just came on a festival in mu\u010di\u0107i from slovenia ? 
  it does n't say from where he is and you can see that he writes in slovene on his fb . 
  is he slovene ? 
  when a swede is talking like this , you know shit is serious, 
  gmajna masterrace, 
  oh very nice , did n't know that . 
  i mean you have them everywhere , like euro and stuff, 
  what 's the history behind lithuanian knights ? 
  but slovenia not in balkans, 
  do n't know why we had national championship in japan ^ / s, 
  was there any other option for us ? 
  tell your kaiser next time to propose federalisation of the empire sooner, 
  thanks bros ^ / s, 
  we can trade it fairly for trst my italian amigo edit : why the downvotes i think we were all being sarcastic, 
  or slovene . 
  i belive it 's the same with greece, 
  this map is incorrect , it should be mercedes for albania, 
  actually it 's the same in the original - serbian , it means black mountain . 
  vesel bo\u017ei\u010d to everyone !, 
  yeah sad . . and now whole slovenia will be seen as homophobic and backwards, 
  well this is awkward . . 
  not really turkisms . 
  these dishes come with bosnian and albanian immigrants mostly . 
  we also have burek and kebab in every town !, 
  same in slovenia, 
  do n't know why the invitation got rejected : /, 
  i 'd like to see slovenia in a v4 group, 
  i 'd like to add `` pod svobodnim soncem '' by fran sale\u0161ki fin\u017egar and one of my favourites `` rokovnja\u010di '' by josip jur\u010di\u010d and janko kersnik . 
  and there goes schengen . . 
  brb gon na go steal some of your coast, 
  i heard some people saying that he was romanian, 
  hungary, 
  with trst of course !, 
  damn , our boys really did great in this tournament . 
  congratz france, 
  i did n't hear a lot of people say that we 're in the balkan, 
  then we could be mountain bros , triglav and grossglockner represent, 
  it actually is, 
  most people here visit italy , austria , croatia way more then hungary so i think they prefer one of these countries then yours . 
  but we do n't really have any bad relationship and if we 're looking historical you 're the neighbour that fucked us the least . 
  i 'd say austria too ( i 'm from gorenjska ) . 
  i do n't get the toblerones joke :( what have i missed ? 
  yeah i know , i thought he had some story behind his comment, 
  care to explain ? 
  craiova 's coat of arms is very similar to saint george 's dragon killing in many other coats of arms . 
  sorry but can i ask you if your surname has literal meaning or what the root means exacly ? 
  cathrine the great and other tsars were hellenophillic so maybe russians would ceded the land to greece or made a new puppet state to control that sweet bosphorus and dardanelles . 
  i was reffering to the russo-turkish war where the brits supported ottomans from collapsing under russia 's strength . 
  if ottomans collapsed there greeks might claim territories like smyrna , constantinopel , pontic region ... but here we are . 
  fook the brits , they ruined megali idea . 
  i have no problems with nationalists and nationalism , but he is over the top with things he said . 
  he is like uber nationalist , not really nice to slovenian minorities in carinthia and croatian in burgenland and then he wants to form a strong alliance with us . 
  i would support the idea , but not with this nationalistic piece of hofer . 
  yeah , and the famous battle of crete with large paratroopers attacking from the skies and the greek defense . 
  i 've been on crete and saw many sites or `` monuments '' which were marking this attack , and yeah judging from the terrain the germans were in a preety bad spot . 
  greece really helped in turning tide , germany had to sent so many units to balkans and that really weakened eastern front in soviet union . 
  i should consider myself lucky to live a few hours away from these magnificent sights , 
  well in medieval ages there were some austrian/bavarian settlements , scattered around . 
  only one bigger community was in [ ko\u010devje ( gottschee in german ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ko%c4%8devje ) but many german speaking people got resettled after ww2 because reasons actually there are native germans in this area , they even had their own dialect . 
  to answer your question it 's just austrian influence because we were 1000 years same country that means both cultures had strong influence on both sides , of course the austrian was stronger so there was a lot of germanization in slovene lands . 
  if you 're interested in carinthian slovenes read about volksabstimmung in 1919 . 
  and others regions of slovenia are still very much with austrian influence . 
  after all we were in the same country for the majority of the time of our national history , hre stronk , 
  [ lep dan za smrt - niet ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjzryu0geog ) and [ b mashina - siddharta ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tipm0rqx0qm ), 
  add constantinople to that , instant orgasm, 
  carinthia is n't in slovenia today if you are looking at the map . 
  girls in slavonia were naughtier i see, 
  well he was looking up to his parents ( apparently they were nazis ) . 
  and his death was ironic , died in a car crash under the signpost . 
  that 's just how we learn to drive , and mandatory oberkrain music, 
  and albanians are pure illyrians / s, 
  actually people who lived 100 years ago like - ivan cankar ( 1876-1918 ) has been saying that we are/were culturally nothing like balkans . 
  we may have similarities with croats but with no one else in the balkans . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  we may speak south slavic language but people are much more different, 
  well slovenia is n't inside balkan either , only a bit of south is balkan , look it up, 
  that 's like saying italy is balkan country because it has territory inside the peninsula ( trst/trieste is in balkan ) .
