  slovenia is balkan, 
  it 's the 2nd or 3rd generation that 's mostly problematic, 
  what did the german boy said back after the `` you 're german , you 're nothing '' can anyone understand ? 
   in a language nobody understands better then having in english like almost everyone else, 
  what about bushido ? 
  as far as i know there was jewish community in prekmurje , maybe she 's from there ? 
  as i remember from history class , jews were banned in carniola/krain in 16 . / 17 . 
  century . 
  so we got none, 
  germany forgot we were in hre , hre stronk !, 
  and trebizond ? 
  yes , 2m here, 
  i hope you are right . 
  that would be cool motto with historical meaning . 
  oh , you 're my best friend in a world we must defend !, 
  at least polen is alive , 
  like the other one said , but there are no bigger historical minorities because slovenes lived under austrians and croats under hungarians kind of . 
  it would be a fair trade :d ^ / s, 
  istria is like heaven , but with lots of rocks and stones . 
  in slovenia we usually call them nemci , but rural folk call them \u0160vabi most of the time ( at least in my region ) . 
  tho \u0160vabi can sound preety mean, 
  still kinda does n't matter , because when people say balkan they think of cultural borders not actual `` scientific terms '' as you say, 
  half of slovenia and ljubljana is not part of it too . 
  slovene and croat language is almost identical just like german & austrian german and bosnian & serbian & croatian , right / s, 
  yes you are right, 
  yeah resian , i thought he meant spoken slovene in friuli and resian is spoken in small part of friuli . 
  it is understandable , but it is influenced by italian and friulian so they have their own accent/dialect . 
  [ for visualisation ] ( https://eucbeniki.sio.si/slo8/2288/narecja2.jpg ) . 
  and the dialect spoken in western slovenia is the same as in friuli , i mean at least to some point . 
  interesting , we have the same thing for slovenian language in italy in [ resia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/resia,_friuli ) where the language is like a own thingy but kind of slovene . 
  oh til , but it 's some kind of french dialect still ? 
  and how close it is to italian ? 
  or slovene and french, 
  why sad ? 
  talking about hungarians in southern slovakia, 
  but who gets the corridor ? 
  never , maybe he 's a croat speaking for croatia ? 
  it is not the same tho . 
  nova gorica is relatively new town which was built after ww2 when yugoslavia got western slovenia from italy but not any major town including gorizial . 
  so they built a `` new '' gorica for slovenes . 
  i mean at least a normal slovene should know that our gorica ( new one ) is n't actually ( old ) gorizia if you know what i mean . 
  til that there are actual slovenes that do n't know gorizia existed , interesting, 
  more like get triest , am i right boys ? 
  they live in their own world . 
  let them be, 
  but but trst . . 
  same here bro , same here, 
  what 's the original in latin script ? 
  i am aware of that , but some people in k\u00e4rnten-koro\u0161ka are n't . 
  triggered, 
  something something not respecting austrian state treaty about minorities , i quess spirit of heider lives on . 
  nah , only croatians find these jokes funny tbh . 
  there are better jokes and stereotypes, 
  is true . 
  every morning i wake up im confused and need to check if im in slovenia or slovakia and then im good for the day . 
  was waiting for this one , because it 's so near me and so beautiful region !, 
  :d i really enjoy these posts . 
  no it 's like cyka . 
  you know that phrase, 
  thanks vojna krajina, 
  meanwhile we 're not even close to 3 million . 
  mercedes for albania source : was there once, 
  well give you back istria if you give us back trieste and gorica !!!, 
  [ his official soundtrack ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhlfgydghcq ), 
  did n't greeks/byzantines had a saying like this too ? 
  burja/bura is a beast in dalmatia, 
  many people confuse you with middle-eastern countries where desert is present . 
  just ignorance i quess . 
  our hre heritage :(, 
  ww2 or older stuff ? 
  how can we be balkan without civil wars and massacres , that 's the whole point of balkan !, 
  yellow - under hungary brown - under nazi germany green - under italy, 
  i agree , but to who is `` you '' reffering to ? 
  yeah that is true , but we can go into forever talking about who got spanked harder . . well maybe we lost in spanking . 
  what about when italians got pushed back all way to the piave river ? 
  and then they only got to advance to austro-hungarian territory because the empire basically collapsed and there was no functional army to fight against . 
  and italians took way too much as they should if we look at the ethnic borders . 
  about ethnic austrians in lower styria , they got expelled after ww2 because of anti-german policy . 
  same went for germans in [ gotschee region ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gottschee ) where they were absolute majority deep into slovene lands . 
  today there are almost no ethnic germans/austrians in slovenia . 
  ahh haider, 
  nope , because switzerland is basically a foretress in the alps with lots of ready man power . 
  behind heiders ' grave ? 
  oh cool , thanks for nice history lesson :d, 
  til , i always thought hussites were the good guys fighting against evil catholics and then they tragically lost, 
  oh , you woulnd ' t like another big minority in your country, 
  so slovenia can into western europe ? 
  damn taking it to another lvl , bravo, 
  dolina , bazovizza and some other villages still have slovenian majority, 
  same , am slovenian . 
  please convert so everyone ( whole world ) can understand you . 
  no homo - erdogan, 
  lol you are saying like it 's yours already, 
  i went on a balkan trip a few years ago and i can say albania by far, 
  with far right i meant nationalists but yeah works both ways, 
  i 'm sure every country has a `` great '' concept from the far right, 
  we should merge together and annex austria and hungary , right ? 
  and coast , do n't forget coast, 
  calm down john the savage, 
  oh yeah , but still it 's not whole trentino-sudtirol , brixen is still in bavaria .
