  we start out with british english , but we also learn the differences to american english and can use both . 
  i think the reason you hear more american english might be because the bulk of english media we consume is american and not british and you get used to the version you hear more often . 
  personally , i mostly use british vocabularly and pronunciation , but i ca n't actually remember any of the grammar rules so it probably ends up being a mix of both . 
  mainstream pop , hip hop and electro . 
  i 'm not a big fan . 
  i hate electro and i can only deal with the other two if i 'm super drunk . 
  i prefer going to indie/rock clubs , but there are n't a lot around where i live . 
  there can be no concern for casualties in the fight for first row pool chairs . 
  that one is very true . 
  my dad always woke up at 5am on holidays to secure the sunbeds . 
  then went back to sleep until we 'd go down to the pool at like 10 . 
  i 'm a student and if it can be avoided i do n't schedule any classes for monday morning . 
  so wake up around noonish , make lunch , shower and get ready and head to uni . 
  oh no :d your imaginative dessert does sound pretty tasty though, 
  that 's pretty cool actually . 
  how does the payment for the restaurants work ? 
  do they receive the money from the government every month depending on how many students ate there ? 
  we only have uni cafeterias with subsidized food . 
  cheap , but not free . 
  you pay between 2-4 $ f\u00fcr a meal usually . 
  we have the same pancakes you do i think . 
  what do you combine them with ? 
  a dumpling made from old bread rolls that 's usually eaten as a side dish to roasts or on its own with mushroom gravy . 
  i would happily eat nothing else for the rest of my life . 
  how does that work ? 
  by restaurants do you mean regular restaurants everybody goes to or special ones that belong to the university in some way ? 
  the other day there was someone on an askreddit thread that thought that portugal is part of brazil . 
  yeah , last year was an exceptionally hot summer . 
  and for weeks at a time . 
  usually it does n't get so hot to beginn with and if it does than it 's just for two or three days before it gets shitty again . 
   at the risk of being controversial , the only way the eu can survive is if it reforms completely . 
  by reforming completely , i mean even further economic , political and social integration . 
  this is not be being idealistic , in fact i am being utterly realistic . 
  the world has moved on completely from the concept of the nation state and protection of sovereignty . 
  that 's how i view it as well , however i ca n't really imagining it happen in my lifetime . 
  there is one american dinner-style kind of place where they serve stuff like pancakes , sundaes and burgers . 
  i 've never been though . 
  it redirects you automatically to google.de . 
  i was mainly asking because of `` tocar el dos '' and `` tocar el pera '' . 
  are those spanish ones or catalan one that just happen to look like the spanish version ? 
   is `` school pride '' much of a thing in europe ? 
  not at all . 
  most students see their uni just as a place they go to classes and study . 
  kind if akin to a work place . 
  i think that might have a lot to do with that we do n't spend all of our life with stuff that has to do with school . 
  the sports thing ( or any other hobby activity ) is a big part of that because everything is organised outside of school . 
  there 's also no living in dorms on campus . 
  to begin with , there very often is n't a real campus . 
  our type of dorm is very different from yours , but most people live in privat housing anyway . 
  is it common for college girls to wear their pyjamas to class ? 
  that 's always something i read about online . 
  is that catal\u00e1n or did i get really bad at spanish ? 
  might be . 
  we say `` ghupft wai gsprunga '' . 
  white , black and silver win by far and then probably blues and reds . 
  there is a game children play that if you see a yellow car you are allowed to hit the other one . 
  is that a thing elsewhere as well ? 
  the other way around if anything here . 
  white cars are often driven by lawyer/doctor kind of people . 
  it 's going to be different from federal state to federat state and school to school . 
  faust is the only book that is actually mandatory ( at least in the state where i live ) , beyond that there are just general rules for the teacher for what to choose . 
  in german class we only read german-speaking authors and no translated ones , but we also read a lot in english classes ( and other foreign language classes if the level is high enough ) . 
  here 's some of what i read , but only the last couple of years of school , because i really ca n't remember the rest . 
  it can get around 38 \u00b0 c in the summer , but that is considered super super hot and rare . 
  regular nice summer temperatures are somewhere between like 24 and 30 \u00b0 c. 
  i 've heard before that it was for inspecting the poop before flushing it to see if there are worms or stuff like that . 
  apparently that was a big problem in the past because oft all the uncooked pork products we eat . 
  i lived in spain for a year as an 18-year-old and was never once carded when buying alcohol . 
  ymmv of course . 
  bread with different cold cuts , cheese or jam and coffee for most people . 
  my parents have a fliesentisch . 
  have i been an assi all along and just did n't know ? 
  i lived in madrid for a while and there would have been loads of bars and clubs where they played music i liked , but all my friends only ever wanted to go to clubs where they played reggaeton . 
  i spent so much more money on booze than i normally would because at a high enough level of drunkenness i start enjoying any music even if i normally would n't like it . 
   what is your favorite football club ? 
  fc bayern m\u00fcnchen  how many games do you go to per year ? 
  not that much . 
  maybe 1 or 2 . 
   do you have a favorite supporter chant ? 
  * fc bayern , star of the south , you will never go down * * because we stand with each other in good times as in bad times * * fc bayern , german champion , yes that is it , my club * * yes , that 's how it was and how it is and how it always will be . 
  *  how heated is your biggest rivalry ? 
  would you feel safe wearing your team 's jersey alone in your rival team 's city/territory ? 
  what about in their stadium ( outside the designated visiting fan section ) ? 
  is football ` hooligan ' culture a big problem in your country ? 
  the biggest `` symbolic '' rivalries are with fc n\u00fcrnberg and tsv 1860 m\u00fcnchen . 
  if you live in bavaria you pretty much have to be a fan of one of those three clubs . 
  the biggest rivalry in the bundeliga is with borussia dortmund . 
  i 've never been to a game that was n't at home , but i do n't think i would feel unsafe . 
  every team here has their ultras and it can get quite ugly . 
  your whole country listens to reggaeton . 
  i still geht flashbacks whenever i hear el taxi . 
  new york , los angeles , chicago , miami , orlando , fort lauderdale , jacksonville , pittsburgh , boston , washington , new haven , hartford , san diego , san francisco , seattle , las vegas , nashville , austin , houston , dallas , corpus christi , detroit , new orleans , honolulu , sakramento , anchorage , fairbanks , phoenix , salt lake city , santa fe , kansas city , minneapolis , cincinnati , philadelphia , lazarette , atlanta canada : ottawa , vancouver , montreal , winnipeg , toronto , qu\u00e9bec city , calgary, 
  we do n't really have those anymore . 
  at least not with new toilets . 
   i do these too . 
  it boggles my mind that people try to get to their gate when their flight leaves instead of at least an hour before . 
  then again , our airports are so inefficient it 's probably more necessary to do that here than in germany . 
  but , being punctual means not having to rush everywhere and also no temptation to run a red light , even when there are no other cars . 
  personally , i 'm actually always chronically late ( high treason !, 
  ) , so it 's much more obvious how much more punctual everybody else is .
