  why would anyone even think of doing that ? 
   if i 'm wearing a lederhose , it does n't mean i 'm here to take photo after photo with you . 
  we actually wear this from time to time privately , believe it or not . 
  i 'm usually not around foreigners when i 'm wearing a dirndl , but once i wore it in a big train station and a huge group of asian girls all wanted to take photos with me . 
  i found it kind of cool , but i guess if it happens often it would become annoying after a while . 
   do you believe in one or more god ( s ) ? 
  no  are you a member of a religious society ? 
  ( church of england , folkekirken , etc. ), 
  i 'm officially a member of the catholic church , but once i 'll start to work properly and would have to pay the church tax i 'll leave . 
   do you ever say a prayer , meditate , etc ? 
  no  whether or not you go to a church/mosque/temple etc. 
  or not , do you perceive yourself as ... atheist  what is your general perception of religion ? 
  you do your thing , let other people do their thing and do n't bother each other about it . 
  i can understand why some people might be religious and i can see why it might give them support and strength , but none of it ever really resonated with me . 
  kind of odd since most of my family is religious , but even as a child i did n't get into it . 
  whenever physical fights happen in the clubs i go to there is always an american soldier involved . 
  they are also super pushy with the girls . 
  a lot of my female friends have stopped going to the clubs on certain nights because the soldiers there wo n't take no for an answer . 
  i mean , i for one would also swear in from of an elderly couple , in a restaurant , in a museum or a library . 
  i do n't see why it would be a problem in those situations . 
  1 ) that depends a lot on the country . 
  every country will have a different system , so you 'll have to inform yourself . 
  in general for germany you study the subject you want to study right away as a bachelor degree and then you 'd continue with a master degree in the same subject . 
  however , most law does n't follow the bachelor/master system . 
  here you apply for a law degree , study 9 semesters before you take a state examination . 
  then you have to do 2 years as a type of law intern and after that you take the second state examination . 
  there are also some law degrees ( mostly for specific types of law like business law ) that exist as bachelor/master courses , but if you study those you are not allowed to work as a lawyer or judge afterwards . 
  2 )  how big of a disadvantage is it to be an international student ? 
  in my university department ( economics ) there are currently about 15 % foreign students among the freshmen and about 3 % among the graduating class . 
  that should tell you all . 
  the number one thing students have trouble with is the language . 
  what languages next to english do you speak and how well do you speak them ? 
  my university requires all foreign students to have at least a b2 level of german , but from my experience even students that do still struggle a lot . 
  i do n't know how other countries do it , but in germany at least all bachelor degrees require german knowledge . 
  3 )  how competitive is it ? 
  i never felt like there is much competition among students , but good grades will be important for finding a job especially for stuff like law because their are so many law graduates . 
   also , does prestige of a college matter in undergrad , if i wish to go to grad-school ? 
  not much . 
  in germany at least we do n't really have a system of elite universities like you do . 
  for continuing with a master degree your grades are important and that you meet the requirements the uni sets . 
  for example they might only take students that have a certain number of ects earned through math courses or something like that . 
  you should be aware of those requirements while doing your bachelor degree . 
   at - 31 ap - english ( 5 ) physics ( 3 ) human geo . 
  ( 3 ) world history ( 3 ) gpa - 3.8 sat ii - literature ( 660 ) world history ( 620 ) none of that stuff will mean anything to most of us . 
  we have completely different grading systems . 
  there are probably converters online or check the internet pages of the universities for foreign students . 
  they should have the requirements on there . 
   what do you suggest that i do next ? 
  a possibility for you might be to study in the us for your bachelor and then come here for your master . 
  then you have the high costs of college in the us which sucks of course , but the benefit is that there are loads of master degrees that are completely taught in english . 
  so if you do not speak another language well enough yet , that might be the smarter choice . 
  i would like to work in biological research . 
  i will be doing something completely different though as apparently there are very few jobs in biology to beginn with ( research or industry ) and jobs in research do n't have the best working conditions . 
  i speak german , english , spanish and french ( in order of my ability ) . 
  i would like to learn russian , portuguese and arabic . 
  i 'm going to take russian lessons next semester and maybe arabic as well if it works out , but i 'll leave portuguese be until i 'm much more settled into spanish because i think another roman language would just confuse me . 
  i 'd say for beer go to munich , but i 'm just a biased bavarian . 
  generally i would say that both are definitely worth a visit and the amount of time is fine for either , but you could n't do both properly in 4 days . 
  what kind of stuff are you into or are planning to do ? 
  munich is prettier and has nicer parks ( although i do n't know how much use they are in november ) . 
  berlin has better nightlife . 
  both have good museums . 
  berlin might be more interesting if you 're into history , but munich also has a lot of interesting stuff in that regard . 
  both are big cities , but berlin has more of an urban vibe whereas munich feels pretty relaxed . 
   as it stands i am leaning more towards munich as that is what i think of when i think of germany !, 
  the culture in munich is actually much more bavarian than it is german . 
  all the stuff tourists often think of when they think of germany like lederhosen are only a thing in bavaria and not the whole country . 
  i think it 's super cool that it is used so widely . 
  i also thought it was only a thing in bavaria and austria . 
  definitely not now , but like no idea what pretentious artsy dudes in the 80s were up to . 
  i ca n't really tell what accentfree speakers do differently . 
  i do n't have an ear for stuff like that . 
  but yeah , not really something i feel like i have to change . 
  you can use the same car . 
  and yeah , pretty much you 'll just have to get used to it . 
  you also do n't need a special driver 's license . 
  they are valid in all of the eu ( plus some other countries ) . 
  yeah , but i guess i needed to take lessons for that because i would n't even know where to start and that sounds very silly . 
  i also do n't really mind it at all . 
  i love hmbc !, 
  i saw them live last year . 
  but yeah , i understand little . 
  ilove listening to swiss german radio . 
  i understand like every 15th word and all the rest just sounds like weird chrl-sounds . 
  does palegg ( ca n't do the fancy a ) mean topping ? 
  if yes , i see some resemblance to the german word belag . 
  not a super big thing , but it would n't be too weird to see people eat it . 
  personally , i 'm not a fan because i hate pineapple , but try it . 
  if you like pizza hawaii you should like toast hawaii . 
  in my area everybody still speaks it , but it gets less and less the more urban the regions gets . 
  i live in a city now for university and most young people speak standard german . 
  i just hold them under flowing tap water and rub them a bit with my hands . 
  i also know some of people that do n't wash their fruits and vegetables at all , but i do find that kind of gross . 
  i speak bavarian . 
  apparently according to wiki specifically northern bavarian . 
  i 've grown up in a very rural region so my dialect is very intense . 
  people from elsewhere in germany often struggle to understand me if i speak my normal way . 
  my standard german is also very accented though . 
  i ca n't speak without an accent . 
  yeah , that made me laugh too .
