  accurate : the punctuality thing , waiting in front of red lights even though no cars are coming inaccurate : i do n't think that we do n't have a sense of humour, 
    accurate : we are rude ( although we 're used to it ) is that a stereotype ? 
  i would have said the opposite if anything . 
  passport , id card and driver licence . 
  the passport i only ever take out of the safe when i 'm travelling outside the eu . 
  the id card i use for most things like travelling inside the eu , buying alcohol , going out . 
  wherever they 'd ask for identification basically . 
  the driver license i also use for going out sometimes , but usually i just leave it lying around in my car . 
   czarno to widz\u0119 what would that be in german . 
  you need to be a citizen . 
  also i 'm assuming that whatever restricted you to joing your military might also restrict you to join germany 's military . 
  ah of course . 
  i should have actually known that . 
  definitely saw that episode before . 
   or japanese and scots !, 
   i can see how the other ones happened , but why the japanese ? 
  some of their accents make me melt . 
  i was on holiday in scotland once and it was a very weird time . 
  in glasgow i was basically a giggling mess . 
  really ? 
  i think they 're super comfortable . 
  if i could wear them all the time i 'd do that . 
  it 's kind of like a real-life oktoberfest that takes place mostly in northern bavaria . 
  pretty much every tiny village here has one , so between april and september there are one or two taking place somewhat nearby every weekend . 
  kirwa is short for kirchweih which means church consecration . 
  it 's a celebration in honour of the local church 's saint and takes place around their name day . 
  it 's basically a three day long party with a lot of booze and traditional music . 
  everybody attends it , does n't matter if they 're babies or centenarians , and the local youth is very involved in the celebration by participating as kirwaboum and kirwamoidl ( kirwaboys and girls ) . 
  the traditional clothing gets worn ( dirndl and lederhosen ) and there are all kinds of different traditions surrounding the celebrations . 
  for example there are special dances and a big tree gets put up that has to be protected by the local kirwaboum so it does n't get stolen by the kirwaboum from nearby villages . 
  i 'd say pretty much everything . 
  it 's somewhat alright with other european cuisines . 
  there are a lot of good pizza places and ice cream shops . 
  personally i also know a lot of good spanish places . 
  everything from outside of europe will not be comparable to the food they actually eat in the countries . 
  did you have a rise in real burger restaurants as well ? 
  in the last few years they basically opened everywhere here . 
   but a basic game is that you put all cards face down on the table , and when it 's your turn you pick a card . 
  different cards have different meanings , 2-10 might mean the number of chugs where red is for you and black is for someone of your choice . 
  jack might be a rule , for instance no use of names , if you say someone 's name you drink . 
  queen might be ladies , and king guys . 
  ace is often a `` waterfall '' , meaning everyone drinks and they might not stop until the person on their right stops . 
  that 's the one we play the most . 
  i 've also played it with portuguese , spanish and finnish people , so i assume it 's a game all over the continent . 
  we call it kreis des todes ( circle of death ) . 
  the huge amount of money you have to pay for tuition . 
  there 's currently no tuition at universities here , but they tried to implement one a couple of years ago . 
  even then it was only 500 $ , but still nobody accepted it . 
  there were strikes , demonstrations and a petition where enough people signed in support of no tuition that the government got rid of it again . 
  you 'd definitely stick out a bit in portugal and spain . 
  i spent a year in spain and often noticed a difference between the way i dressed and the way spaniards dressed in warm but not super hot temperatures . 
  in germany as soon as it hits 20c the dresses and shorts come out whereas all the spanish people still wore long clothes until it actually got hot . 
  where are you going ? 
  i mostly stayed in madrid which has a continental climate and is super hot and dry in the summer , but also very cold in the winter . 
  in october it definitely can get chilly and rainy and the mornings are already quite cool as well . 
  you 'd want to bring a jacket and layers . 
  whereas in the south it 'll propably still be quite warm for example . 
  it 's probably best if you decide a couple of days before your stay what clothes you 're going to bring depending on what the forecast is saying . 
  i live in a very rural area of the ( probably ) most religious federal state ( bavaria ) , but even here religion does n't really play a big part in life anymore . 
  older generations are still religious , but most young people do n't care for it at all . 
  i do n't think i know anyone my age that goes to church regularly . 
  i think a lot of religious stuff is done more out of habit and tradition than actual believe . 
  for example people that never go to church or practice religion in any other day would still get married in a church . 
  or pretty much everybody gets baptised and has the first communion just because everybody else does it and that 's how it 's done . 
  my parent 's house was built in the early 50s by my grandpa . 
  the oldest building i was in today was the building that holds the university administration . 
  it actually used to be a castle and was built in 1700 , but it burned down and had to be rebuilt in 1821 . 
  we have fast food chains of course ( mcd , burker kink , pizza hut , subway and kfc only as far as i know ) , but i 've also seen restaurants in an american diner kind of style . 
  they are n't very common though . 
  for reference , there are two in the 500k pop . 
  city i live in . 
  there are a lot more burger restaurants if you want to count those as well , but there 's nothing particularly american about them . 
  i have three finnish friends that moved to spain . 
  one for love and two for work . 
  it 's utter bullshit . 
  studying in germany is free except for a fee every semester for public transportation and the student union . 
  about 50-200 $ depending on the uni . 
  you 'd need to speak german though . 
  most unis require either a b2 or c1 level for bachelor degrees . 
  native : german fluent : english , spanish only when drunk : french . 
  i had it for 5 years in school and was actually really good at it , but once i started to learn spanish i forgot a lot of my french . 
  i still can read and understand everything though . 
  i strongly prefer to go to countries i speak the language of because i feel super uncomfortable if i have to talk to everyone in english . 
  i still visit other countries of course , but i really do n't enjoy not being able to speak the language of the place i 'm in . 
  i was living in spain for a while and once had a whole conversation with a brazilian guy waiting at the bus stop before realizing that he was speaking portuguese and not spanish . 
  i just assumed my spanish was so bad and that 's why i only understood half of what he was saying . 
  berentzen saurer apfel was also the cause of a lot of hangovers in my teens . 
  i started drinking radler ( beer and lemonade ) regularly when i was 13ish . 
  the first time i drank liquor and the first time i was drunk was when i was 15 and thought drinking loads of tequila and malibu was a good idea . 
  we did talk briefly about the genocide against the herero people , but that was the only topic about what happened in the colonies . 
  it 's very common to grill in the summertime . 
  most people i know do it at least once or twice a week when the weather is nice . 
  it 's nothing super fancy or ornate though . 
  the most common dishes are pig belly , sausages and steaks from beef , pig or poultry . 
  i 'm also thirding the spanferkel comments . 
  i 've had it maybe only four or five times in my life because it 's really something special , but it 's so damn good . 
  the chapel in my village rings at 6am , noon and 8pm . 
  try booking train tickets as early as possible because then they will be significantly cheaper . 
  it would really help if you were more specific . 
  otherwise your question is just too broad to be answered in a useful way .
