is it still cologne nowadays ? 
  i 'd have thought that maybe berlin has overtaken it . 
  ( 1 ) human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  to respect and protect it shall be the duty of all state authority . 
  ( 2 ) the german people therefore acknowledge inviolable and inalienable human rights as the basis of every community , of peace and of justice in the world . 
  ( 3 ) the following basic rights shall bind the legislature , the executive and the judiciary as directly applicable law . 
  yes , we 're probably the people who still have the strongest regional identity within germany . 
  it 's not even that i feel particularly un-german because i do n't at all , but if i had to put it in a order it would be like this . 
  europe 3 . 
  germany, 
  is that were the saying is originally from ? 
  i 've only ever seen the qi episode with it . 
  no , of course not . 
  europe is as safe as it has always been . 
  use common sense and do n't do stuff you would n't do at home either ( like walking in a park at night by yourself or something like that ) and you 'll be perfectly fine . 
  i 'm 21 and female . 
  i have travelled around europe loads on my own and i 've always had a great time and no issues regarding safety . 
  my grandmother always complains about people saying guten tag instead of gr\u00fc\u00df gott . 
  do you also say habedere or is that just bavaria ? 
  maybe do n't call us nazis . 
  indeed my favourite city in the uk though . 
  those damn austrians always having to get involved . 
  i hope he waits until they bring out a new album . 
  ah okay , i was under the impression that it 's only 9 or 10 students in a class . 
  do n't know where i picked that up then . 
  we do n't have anything similar to what you have in the us . 
  there are some fraternities , but very few people participate in them . 
  they are often considered to be very conservative , arrogant , racist and misogynistic and in my experience with them all of that is true . 
  i 've never met a member of a fraternity that was n't a complete asshole . 
  though of course there might be better ones . 
  sororities are even less of a thing than fraternities . 
  are n't your classes really small already . 
  i thought that was always something people talk positively about in the finish system . 
  my elementary school teacher was a crazy lady on a power trip who did n't want any children to go to gymnasium ( or even realschule really ) because in her opinion rural children only belong on the hauptschule . 
  i had all the necessary grades for gymnasium and wanted to go there , but she recommended my parents against it and said that at most she would `` allow '' me to go to realschule . 
  that was a hard battle to fight as a 9-year-old . 
  not that that has anything to do with the question asked , but it made me think of her and now i 'm angry again . 
  what universities is yours partnered up with ? 
  maybe i know more specific stuff about what living/studying there is like . 
   cost of living rent depends a lot on the area . 
  generally speaking , the east is cheaper than the west and smaller cities are cheaper than big cities . 
  munich , hamburg , cologne and frankfurt for example are among the most expensive . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.studis-online.de/studinfo/studienfinanzierung/wg-zimmer-mietspiegel.php ) chart shows you the average price ( rent plus utilities ) of a room in a shared flat . 
  dorms will be cheaper , but there are n't that many so you might not get a room in one . 
  groceries are relatively cheap in germany compared to other western european countries . 
  there is also no tuition ( for germans or foreigners ) at german universities , only a fee for a type of student union . 
  the cost depends on the universitiy , but it 's somewhere around 50-200 $ / semester . 
  i 'm not sure how health insurance would work for foreigners . 
  germans are either insured through their parents if they 're under 25 or pay a cheap student price of around 70 $ / month . 
  you might be able to get that too , but like i said , no idea . 
  i 'd say as a very rough estimate you would probably be able to live quite comfortably on around 700-800 $ / month . 
   safety not something you have to worry about . 
  germany is generally a very safe country . 
  most big cities will have some shadier areas , but just use common sense and do n't do stuff like walking around in parks in the middle of the night by yourself and you 'll be fine . 
   general infrastructure also pretty good . 
  you wo n't need a car while you 're here . 
  there is good public transport in and between cities and a lot of people also use the bike a lot . 
   other stuff do you mean studying abroad as in completely spending your time in university here or as in doing a semester abroad ? 
  if it 's the former the language might become a problem if you do n't already speak it well . 
  most universities here only accept foreign students with a good level of german ( often at least b2 ) for bachelor courses . 
  i know that in some other countries in europe they have bachelor courses completely taught in english , but germany largely does n't . 
  unless you 're a master student , because those are often taught in english . 
  if you just want to spend a semester here it does n't matter because the language requirements will be much lower and they probably offer courses beforehand anyway . 
  pretty good i 'd say . 
  any specific aspects of it you want to know more about ? 
  the question is really kind of to broad to answer properly . 
  i do actually agree with this one . 
  it 's not very far in the great scheme of the earth of course , but a 160km drive definitly is n't something i 'd ever do just because . 
  as `` day-to-day meat '' mainly chicken , pork or beef . 
  less often but still somewhat regularly duck , boar , deer , lamb and rabbit . 
  i have killed boars , deers and rabbits before . 
  spain probably . 
  i speak spanish fairly well and i already lived there for two years so i know some people already . 
  we 're kinky like that . 
  we went to the c\u00f4te d'azur on a school trip with her and gosh , did that woman flirt a lot . 
  there 's not much to complain really . 
  germany has among the lowest youth unemployment in europe and bavaria , where i 'm from , has among the lowest youth unemployment in germany ( 3,1 % ) . 
  education is free , so nobody has to go into debt to attend university . 
  we were taught both . 
  in the english books half the chapters took place in the uk and half in the us and the corresponding version of english were used . 
  if different words or spellings exist then we had to learn them both . 
  pronunciation dependend more on whatever the teacher used though . 
  my teachers during the first three years of english lessons used the british pronunciation , so that kind of stuck with me . 
  my french class was mostly my 60-year-old teacher ignoring the book and telling us wisdoms such as `` the best way of learning a language is in the bed of a foreign man '' . 
  huh , now thinking about it i do n't think they were ever even mentioned in my french class . 
  i feel like they should have done that at some point . 
  the average age of cars in germany is 9 years . 
  that also seem to corresponds pretty well with my area as an average , but i think all ages are represented a lot . 
  we do , but only briefly in the actual history lessons . 
  in terms of older history a bit about the discovery of the americas , a bit about the war of independence and about imperialism in the 19th century . 
  those and other topics might be covered more intensely in english lesson . 
  or spanish lessons for specifically latin american history . 
  haha , maybe i was . 
  i know next to nothing about the issue . 
  do the spanish generally want gibraltar to be spanish ? 
  i spent way too much time thinking about how the uk is your neighbour . 
  now i feel stupid . 
  not much . 
  i know very little about it except where it is , that ljubljana is the capital and maribor a city , but that 's about it i think . 
  do n't think i ever met any slovenians either .
