  is this confirmed on non-turkish sources ? 
  i ca n't stop being cynical to this kind of news . 
  do n't get excited , we have applied like 60 years ago . 
  is ak\u0131nc\u0131 bilingual ? 
  ours is probably much higher for you . 
  because hagi !, 
  it 's similar to americans claiming 12.5 % irish ancestry . 
  it makes you a little bit more cool in a conversation . 
  man i dug hard our family history and found out they were turkmen outlaws who attacked caravans and steal sheep , and they were coming from syria . 
  that 's like the most uncool story right now . 
   what the fuck kind of a country is turkey really ? 
  a country with millions of non-billionaire muslim donald trumps . 
  i think it was also rooted in european culture too but you guys got rid of it earlier . 
  some people in that area ( hemshin ) are actually speaking a version of armenian . 
  but if you tell em that they are armenians they 'll shoot you , and swear you in armenian . 
  the most extreme cases are probably kurdish , but this is not a kurd only problem . 
  central anatolia is pretty much the same . 
  op is probably from a city with less early marriages . 
  i am from one of the darkest cities on the map . 
  there are almost no kurds , it is all turks . 
  to give you insights , some family story : my father 's mother was 15 when she was `` abducted '' ( this is a weird tradition , but most of the time done at the girl 's consent ) by my father 's father . 
  he stayed in prison 1 year for that ( in late 30s ) . 
  before she was abducted her aunt got upset because she knew her orphan ( most men of family died at gallipoli ) niece was about to get kidnapped by my grandfather so she told her son to stop this . 
  being a fierce person her son just shot dead my grandfather 's cousin who just looked exactly like him . 
  then we got to exist . 
  my grandmother had 10 kids , 3 of them was stillborn , 1 died because of measles , had my father when she was around 40 ( no one knows her age but probably born around 1920 - 1925 ) . 
  she died several years ago . 
  erdo\u011fan really dreams to be putin . 
  ottomans have changed almost none of the town/place names . 
  they just had become more easy to pronunciate by turks . 
  this is getting more and more retarded everyday on both sides . 
  at this political climate you can troll the russians by turning it into `` ali iskender mosque '' . 
  i am really glad that you feel that way man . 
  whenever i meet greeks or armenians i get a very warm feeling like i am meeting my long lost cousins . 
  lol i agree with that one, 
  well that does not make me feel more protected . 
  i would rather live in estonia to feel safer . 
  erdogan is not pro-isis . 
  he is a fool , who thinks he can manipulate violent islamists . 
  to be fair they are downvoted and we can see such comments here too . 
  haha upvoted for visibility of your stupidity . 
  exactly . 
  in turkey , the word `` martyr '' is used with a nationalist sense , not islamist sense . 
  source is [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/diaspora_turk ) twitter account . 
  it 's in turkish but has some pretty cool pics of turkish migrants in europe . 
  i am a simple man who wants to live a simple life . 
  i ca n't risk my life for a war i did not create . 
  i am afraid to go crowded places . 
  at least a secular authoritarian . 
  nice try . 
  what happened to my dream country :(, 
  a person who is in the continent of europe . 
  for example i am asian at working hours and european at other times . 
  eu has 33 % , us has 29 % favorable . 
  these are far more than others . 
  even in this hateful times we still have good feelings to the western world . 
  erdo\u011fan spreads hate everyday on tv , newspapers everywhere . 
  he is the main reason this is happening . 
  half of what he says can be considered hate speech . 
  a very brief summary : he did some very good things ( women rights , founding secular republic , abolishing islamic laws and the caliphate ) for the country if you have secular and western views . 
  but a lot of people died and hardcore nationalism become the biggest ideology , and many people treat him as a demigod . 
  it 's more right-wing vs. left-wing thing with some ethnic problems involved . 
  man i love people like you . 
  when you look at turkey 's history it 's the case 90 % of the time . 
  you do n't need enemies outside in a country like this . 
  [ more on what happened ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=272&amp;v=wbw4sdp2pby ), 
  there is bar at tallinn called `` hell hunt '' it sounded ridiculous when i was there . 
  now it makes sense . 
  one of the things that crusader kings taught me . 
  us supported islamist against communists , which almost destroyed the very strong left wing , and made very weak islamist grow very quickly . 
  usa has a lot to do with the current situation and i am very happy an isolationist like d.trump has been elected . 
  maybe not everything is about putin ? 
  atat\u00fcrk was an insignificant soldier before 1919 . 
  enver pasha and talat pasha was responsible of the events . 
  also he hated enver . 
  erdo\u011fan still ca n't do shit about it . 
  he still had to visit atat\u00fcrk 's grave today . 
  or she could be a fucking retard . 
  this is not related to nation . 
  ottomans did this to my ancestors as well . 
  serbia yes yes yes, 
  now they are starting to detain seculars , after kurds . 
  this is so fucking big for people like me here . 
  i did n't expect it to be so fast . 
  anything can happen in turkey now . 
  etymology dictionary says `` musakka '' is an arabic word . 
  probably syrian or lebanese food ( originally ) . 
  i have never seen a joke about greeks . 
  the only race/nation we joke about are laz people . 
  his name is actually \u00d6mer , and he is turkish . 
  i read a book about babur 's life ( a turkic muslim sultan around afghanistan/uzbekistan in 14th century ) . 
  in his memoirs he mentions how they made a paste with opium and drink wine with it very frequently ( before he becomes a devout muslim ) . 
  they have kurdish names but they are not popular . 
  for example : diyarbakir ( arabic ) -  amed ( kurdish ) hakkari ( persian ) -  \u00c7\u00f6lemerg ( kurdish ) i guess kurds ( or nationalists kurds ) use kurdish names , but generally arabic/persian/assyrian names are used . 
   because he serves as a warning example to other countries . 
  watch out hungary, 
  a great deal of retarded shit is happening . 
  we are really going down fast . 
  not only politics but society is also breaking , some serious stuff will happen soon . 
  i tried to do something like this as well .
