  they ca n't go that far . 
  it 's crazy . 
  just ban all foreign funding on any kind of religious institutions . 
  is it danes , or immigrants ? 
  our family system and society is failing . 
  you do n't see at reddit ( obviously it is local news ) , but there has been thousands of events in 2010 's that shocked everyone . 
  systematic child rape ( many in religious institutions ) , rape-murders , torture , family related killing sprees ( generally father kills everyone and suicide ) . 
  people can not take it anymore . 
  something must happen . 
  that 's why there is a large support . 
  does anyone know if we are eligible to seek asylum at the moment ? 
  i hope sweden takes us . 
  we will be first in line with my wife . 
  you 'll get a free software engineer and an architect !, 
  not legal , but traditional :p, 
  `` designation `` islam '' is absurd ; there are 3 religions . 
  - shia - sunni secular , ottoman , sufi , urban ... - salafi/wahabi ( isis , saudi barbaria ) '' https://twitter.com/nntaleb/status/753940487829086209, 
  this is probably not even related with the coup event , and the sides of the coup . 
  somebody probably want to do it when there is enough chaos in the city . 
  if we are having a real coup usa would be the first to know . 
  very likely, 
  take us !, 
  we can make eu great again !, 
  well she is like the michael jackson of turkish classical ( hope this is the correct name for the genre ) music . 
  so there is a lot of respect i guess ( even though she is half-insane ) . 
  i do n't know iran but we have a long list of feminine men singers/entertainers . 
  yeah , he is from those times . 
  i am sure it 's planned . 
  they are not just some guys from the neighborhood . 
  i drink in ramadan in my neighborhood and nobody cares . 
  it was cool in 70s-80s , now it 's cringe . 
  man , i thought budapest is one of the best places in europe . 
  it 's very different for a tourist i guess . 
  islamists are like that . 
  mostly retarded . 
  - secular dictatorship ( without kurdish hate and ultra-nationalism this time ), 
  that 's why it 's the best :p, 
  italian , greek ( half of our food is the same ) , czech are very good . 
  did n't like the dutch ( besides cheese ) and german ( besides sausages ) food very much :(, 
  we have raki , so you win . 
  exhausted parents with very loud and annoying kids . 
   in arabs societies triggered, 
  i do n't think it is a religion thing . 
  it 's more about the macho culture . 
  so probably similar to russia . 
  bullying does not occur very much , because when you are bullied , it means you are not fighting back . 
  if you are not fighting back you are called pussy , so you have to fight back . 
  in my experience most boys fight back ( or bring older brothers , cousins to the fight ), 
  i am sure he does not represent all romanians , but i met this huge romanian guy wearing a big cross necklace . 
  the way he talked and acted and even looked were very similar to shitty people ( erdogan supporters ) in turkey . 
  he immediately started bragging about how much money he makes ( which was not even a lot ) , he told how other romanians in stockholm were shit for not being proud of being romanian . 
  he even insulted a random swedish old woman while we are talking . 
  i was like wtf . 
  this is the 2nd map i did . 
  so these are all good feedbacks for me to apply in next maps , 
  swedish women are very good looking but not as much as czechs and hungarians ( :, 
  canada and us is too far to move in for me . 
  i like not-hot weather , personal space ( also means less traffic and less apartments ) and freedom of speech . 
  wealth is not very important for me , i am already in good shape in istanbul . 
  i would move to sweden ( or any other scandinavian country ) even though i would make less money . 
  yes as a tourist, 
  no i meant stuff like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96r4pcad5na edit : i feel like denmark 's approach is a lot better . 
  i have n't seen any xenophobia in sweden . 
  the only negative encounters i had were from turks and romanians . 
  hey , i went to sweden two times , and have been learning the language for some time . 
  i actually like whole scandinavia . 
  but started learning swedish because danish looked weird , norwegian do n't have much speakers , and finnish was hard . 
  i generally do n't like the general political climate there , but it is still 100 times better than turkey . 
  yes -50 degrees is recorded on northeastern border . 
  used [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_weather_records ) page in wikipedia as source . 
  for the countries not on wikipedia i used [ this ] ( http://www.mherrera.org/temp.htm ) site as source . 
  unofficial records were ignored . 
  hashim :  means `` crusher , breaker '' in arabic . 
  this was the nickname of a great-grandfather of the prophet muhammad . 
  he acquired this nickname because of his practice of crumbling bread and giving it to pilgrims . 
  nope : greece - yunanistan bulgaria - bulgaristan hungary - macaristan croatia - h\u0131rvatistan serbia - s\u0131rbistan armenia - ermenistan georgia - g\u00fcrcistan, 
  we used to call : germany : nem\u00e7e poland : lehistan, 
  yeah , i see now . 
  the map in the website seems inaccurate . 
  when i paint turkmenistan , it painted both . 
  uzbekistan should also be green . 
  thanks , i think that make sense . 
  \u00f6 like french ( as in je ) , \u00fc like german, 
  sorry , editing my post . 
  in old turkic wolf is `` b\u00f6r\u00fc '' , but the name might be carried to europe by bulgars . 
  `` fran\u00e7ois '' / `` francis '' coming from `` franciscus ''  english form of the late latin name franciscus which meant `` frenchman '' . 
  this name was borne by the 13th-century saint francis of assisi , who was originally named giovanni but was given the nickname francesco by his father , an admirer of the french . 
  francis went on to renounce his father 's wealth and devote his life to the poor , founding the franciscan order of friars . 
  later in his life he apparently received the stigmata . 
  turkify = `` to from a larger peaceful mass from small hostile units '' xd, 
  i am really surprised by slovenian president 's name `` boris '' : ( edit : it is actually borut , a dimunitive of boris )  from the turkic name bogoris , perhaps meaning `` short '' or `` wolf '' or `` snow leopard '' . 
  it was borne by the 9th-century king boris i of bulgaria who converted his country to christianity , as well as two later bulgarian emperors . 
  the name was popularized in the slavic world due to the 11th-century saint boris , who was a russian prince martyred with his brother gleb . 
  his mother may have been bulgarian . 
  another famous bearer was the 16th-century russian emperor boris godunov , later the subject of a play of that name by aleksandr pushkin . 
  first time i am making this kind of map . 
  i hope it does not have wrong information . 
  i used english wikipedia to find presidents . 
  if the country has monarchs such as elizabeth ii , i used it instead of president . 
  if there was two rulers in the country i have chosen the first .
