  it 's both psychological and physical abuse . 
  last time i checked if forced an adult into a room it would considered psychological and physical abuse . 
   like i said . 
  your kids are not normal . 
  probably too much physical abuse . 
  did n't expect anything less . 
   tantrum mode is give me attention mode . 
  you just have to not throw a tantrum yourself . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tantrum i dont think you know what you 're talking about . 
  in tantrum mode : they wont listen a thing you say . 
  you should just leave them alone , even talking to them would make it worse . 
  some children can even hurt themselves , definitely not an attention mode . 
  when they 're in a tantrum mode , you need to control your child : make sure they wont hit their head against a concrete floor for an example . 
   your kids are somehow far more advanced than most other kids . 
  no , they 're normal . 
   `` no , they do n't '' it 's the instinct of young animals to follow their parent . 
  wrong . 
  most kids i know only started to follow when they got a bit older , usually its to run towards something they 're interested in . 
  personal experience : 2 years old ran away everywhere , 3 years old holds my hand without even asking . 
   if the kid is so developed that it can figure out that staying behind will force their parent to do something then using the magic words will work wonders . 
  and if you are n't capable of doing that there are professionals that can help you . 
  that 's because they do n't think . 
  children can ran away from you starting when even only 1 years old , at 2 they can start running very quick . 
   what kind of a kid would stay alone in a store ? 
  especially a small one . 
  kids follow their parents . 
  no , they do n't . 
  if they wanted to stay then they would n't follow . 
  and what kind ? 
  normal kind . 
   explaining to your children does work , even for 2 year olds . 
  does n't work , especially when they are in tantrum mode . 
   if your child has bad behaviour , it might be because they feel they do n't get enough attention . . nope . 
  that 's because they 're children , they do n't know any better . 
   simple : without beating them who said about beating ? 
  that law said `` physical , psychological , sexual and negligence '' that 's a lot more than spanking . 
   taking a child in your arms and putting him in a room is not violence . 
  spanking him is violence . 
  wrong . 
  by putting my child into his own room : * a ) it 's physical violence , i restrained him . 
  * b ) it 's psychological violence , i prevented him from doing what he wanted . 
   yeah , and what happens most of the time , the parents say no and walk out the store . 
  that 's the correct thing to do . 
  so parents need to abandon their children ? 
  that 's abuse and negligence . 
   depends on the context . 
  lol !, 
  depends on what context ? 
  could you correlate the law statues with this context in question ? 
   i am ? 
  thank you !, 
  highly doubt . 
   physiological maybe . 
  physical , sexual abuse as well as negligence are not , they are inexcusable . 
  oh now it 's ** may be ** ? 
  so forcing a child into his/her room is n't physical abuse anymore ? 
  who said anything about beating ? 
  still you have n't explained that magic that makes everything work ? 
  btw children wont understand you until they 're 3 at least and most likely wont understand you fully until they 're 5 . 
  you are young enough not have your own children , but also inexperience enough ( to put mildly ) to know that `` physical , psychological , sexual and negligence abuse '' can be applied to any situation . 
  talking to a child that does n't understand ? 
  children start walking around 9 months old . 
  so how do you talk ? 
  explain that intricate mystical magic ? 
  so how do you raise children ? 
  it 's quiet impossible to explain something to a 2 year old and pretty much everything you do will be considered as violence : for an example : taking a child and putting him by force into a room . 
  that 's violence . 
  what kind ? 
  the article : http://www.gallup.com/poll/203819/nato-members-eastern-europe-protection.aspx, 
  and since your song came out in 1858 , that 's just nonsense . 
   also , the op ignored the fact that the same insignia has been used by numerous unit around the globe , specifically the usmc scout snipers . 
  stop with this whataboutism , it was never an official one and it was always banned in usmc . 
  central ukraine . 
  there is an exception for minorities , but does that apply to ethnic ukrainians ? 
  are russian speaking ukrainians a minority ? 
  we 're talking about the new law proposal , not the active one . 
  afaik this is the new addition to the exiting law . 
  my wife 's neurosurgeon believes that chernobyl could have a been cause of her brain tumor . 
  yes , an official eu agency must do proper due diligence , they should be infallible . 
  but since they are using propaganda outlets as basis for their work , it 's clear that they are just as good as source they are to discredit . 
  pretty much as good as trump in my book . 
  off to cook my self a steak , probably too late for you - good night . 
  to nitpick : russian news said that ukrianian became mostly exclusive . 
  your statement does n't disprove that . 
  since eu task force was disapproving the russian news , i would like to see where did they actually did that . 
  and if they did n't then they produced fake news . 
  logically it 's proven or not , there is no middle ground . 
  french is known for their aggressive support of their language , but even then i could find english only channel in my hotel room . 
   at least from my point of view it can totally be in line with each other that there is no restriction on the language people are allowed to speak in general but also that you have to speak a specific language at a border crossing . 
  i disagree . 
  the restriction is there . 
  now the following restrictions : * ukrainians must name their children using names abiding with ukrainian language , if someone wants to use a french name nicola - they ca n't - must use mikola . 
  * tertiary education must be in ukrainian , except few subjects in english or eu languages . 
  that includes state or private colleges . 
  that 's again restriction on speech , if a professor , in a private college , wants to give math in japanese and he has plenty of students then he should be able to . 
  * all advertisement must be in ukrainian , oral or not . 
  against it 's restriction on speech . 
  no exception . 
  article 28 . 
  * all movies made in ukrainian must be in ukrainian , a foreign language allowed only for 15 % with ukrainian subtitles .
