  they did . 
  just not much . 
  double irish : * apple-usa - us company * apple-bermuda - irish company with tax residence in bermuda * apple-ireland - irish company with tax residence in ireland apple-us licenses tech to apple-bermuda and gets small payments every year . 
  apple-bermuda licenses tech to apple-ireland . 
  apple-ireland gets all the apple 's foreign income and pays substantial fees to apple-bermuda . 
  this way apple-ireland 's tax is pretty much nil due to all the deductions . 
  now all the money are in apple-bermuda 's account and due to us ' laws these money are tax deferred . 
  now if european union will force apple-ireland to pay taxes then apple-usa will claim the money paid by apple-ireland on apple-usa 's tax returns . 
  apple gave money in the first place for us taxes paid . 
  now apple can back claim credits for foreign taxes paid . 
  except since these are back taxes then us will payback to apple for back taxes credits . 
  this is a transfer of money from us taxpayers to europe . 
  if they have european citizenships then they are european muslims . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/female_genital_mutilation_in_the_united_kingdom i see plenty of muslim groups that practice fgm . 
   the diaspora communities in the uk thought to be at high risk of fgm include those from eritrea , ethiopia , nigeria , somalia and sudan . 
  the largest is the somalia diaspora , with nearly 42,000 women and girls in the uk believed to be affected as of 2011 . 
  eu is a single market , not a unified market . 
  there is a difference . 
  if apple gets money back from usa , it gets money back from us taxpaying citizens . 
  us budget would have to be decreased to accommodate for the difference . 
  and it 's in the article :  the us treasury warned that american taxpayers could end up footing the bill if the commission goes ahead and demands back taxes from apple and other us companies as the firms may be able to offset the eu-demand taxes against us tax payments . 
  it described this potential outcome as `` deeply troubling , as it would effectively constitute a transfer of revenue to the eu from the us government and its taxpayers '' . 
  by filling an amended tax return - 1120x . 
  dressed in russian national colors if i am not mistaken . 
  also peeing on the ukrainian flag . 
  wtf edit : oh this was posted by a / r/russia mod . 
  they arent gon na pay , you are going to pay . 
  apple will retroactively ammend us taxes to get the deduction for european taxes paid . 
   source2 [ http://list25.com/25-cities-extremely-high-homeless-populations/2/] i am not sure what you 're trying to say , but homeless people sleep in a shelter in nyc . 
  i rarely see a homeless person sleeping outside . 
   as of 2013 , the number of homeless people sleeping each night in the new york city shelter system was already over 60,000 , 22,000 of which were children . 
  the homelessness crisis in new york is brought by the lack of housing assistance initiatives provided by local authorities to individuals and families who lack housing . 
  here you go : https://ru.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u042d\u0442\u043d\u043e\u0441 aside from few minor details , in english nationality and citizenship are synonyms . 
  @zabor you 're confusing english terminology . 
  literally . 
  go directly to imgur or slimg and ctrl-v :-), 
  since uk have n't left eu yet , the market reaction is simply a speculation . 
  and volatility will not settle for awhile , personally i 'd avoid european markets . 
  well uk needs eu market , eu needs uk market . 
  they need to negotiate to get somewhere acceptable for both sides . 
  if they do n't come to an agreement it may send both eu and uk into a deep recession . 
  now what type of market is up to negotiations . 
  i think i am educating myself about the rome treaty . 
  since that where uk may fallback to . 
  persons :-) check the treaty 's language : http://www.cvce.eu/obj/treaty_on_european_union_maastricht_7_february_1992-en-2c2f2b85-14bb-4488-9ded-13f3cd04de05.html rome treaty talks about workers , not persons or people . 
  ok , the difference i see is :  workers vs  persons, 
  it 's negotiable , uk can push for a common market as it was prior to 1993 . 
  sure . 
  they are . 
  that 's because population density in siberia is close to 1 person per a square km . 
  or downsides since at the same token one can move to a cheaper country . 
  also i would bet that most of section 8 recipients would riot before moving to a middle of nowhere . 
  section 8 is an american program that provide paid apartments to low income families . 
   all of a sudden the majority of the population are no longer as concerned with rent or food as they once were ; they now have a lot more spending money , and that is only good for companies and economic growth . 
  a lot more `` spending money '' will cause inflation and nullify the basic income . 
  now let 's take a bit more complicated example : the average rent in san francisco for 1 bedroom is $ 3,000 . 
  the average rent in kansas city is $ 700 . 
  now how would you structure bi to accommodate both cities ? 
  ruskis definitely do n't know how to make a vodka with pee . 
  us even banned that polish vodka , no pee for americans . 
  j/k !, 
  though not kidding about the ban in us , the imported version does n't have bison grass in it . 
  yea , right . 
  even houston has `` zoning '' laws : http://urbanedge.blogs.rice.edu/2015/09/08/forget-what-youve-heard-houston-really-does-have-zoning-sort-of/, 
   zoning is not the issue . 
  zoning increases prices , this is well known by everyone but you . 
  if zoning laws increase prices then why zoning laws are n't the issue . 
  zoning laws create urban sprawl in us . 
  nyc has plenty of cheap areas , luxury buildings is n't a big issue . 
  zoning laws are the issue . 
   stupid view . 
  poland occupied land that czechoslovakia took from poland after ww1 which was going to be occupied by germany anyways and which was over 90 % polish in demographics . 
   `` everyone was allied to nazi germany '' you really are retarded . 
  and soviet union took what was in russian empire prior to ww1 . 
   you really are retarded . 
  have you looked at a mirror recently ? 
   it is the substance that matters . 
  larger countries larger appetites , but the substance is the same . 
  there was no alliance . 
  if you use this logic everyone was allied with nazi germany . 
  poland also had a non aggression pact with germany and occupied chezhoslovakia . 
  a lot of uber drivers are limo drivers in nyc , but that 's a different group from taxi drivers . 
   those time , place and manner restrictions are severely limited and have no broad applications when discussing freedom of  assembly except in the context of overreach as in my earlier example of nypd overstepping their authority and jailing lawful protesters as their measure of time , place , and manner did n't live up to a judicial challenge . 
  wrong . 
  they settled because they simply mass arrested without cause including bystanders . 
  `` an individual 's participation in a lawbreaking group may , in appropriate circumstances , be strong circumstantial evidence of that individual 's own illegal conduct , '' the judge wrote in a 32-page opinion . 
  `` but , no matter the circumstances , '' he added , `` an arresting officer must believe that every individual arrested personally violated the law . 
  nothing short of such a finding can justify arrest . 
  the fourth amendment does not recognize guilt by association . '' '', 
  that 's because it 's times square , a normal new yorker would n't be around there . 
  not so long ago it was filled with drug dealers and hookers . 
  a city of contrasts :-), 
  us cities are lower on the list , because of our crime rates . 
  i 'd guess the same for london . 
  personally i prefer nyc to the most cities , i like the balance of the city , shopping , entertainment , culture and even nature . 
  there are deer next to my house , just saw one sniffing my car yesterday . 
  i have n't been to germany or austria yet , but i was in many other european countries and still preferred nyc over . 
  also i hate sf , i just do n't get that city . 
  exactly . 
  we should n't do a thing .
