  if europe does n't want tourists it 's their choice . 
  since i have a bulgarian at work , i do n't understand him unless he really slows down and break words down into syllables . 
  ukrainian and polish are mutually unintelligible , but russian and ukrainian are mutually intelligible . 
  lexical difference are possibly large , but pronunciation wise ukrainian and russian are close to each other . 
  ukrainian is closer to old russian than russian , so a lot of ukrainian words are archaic in russian . 
  i have unlimited sick days , but if i need to be out for a longer time i need to take short term disability . 
  the benefits vary a lot by a company , white collar it jobs have awesome benefits . 
  in low wage companies like wal-mart , the benefits suck and these companies will try to screw you over . 
  we do n't get 2 weeks vacations , no such law in us . 
  but personally i get 23 days off , my wife gets 25 days off . 
   ok , so why is this of interest when discussing legislation against beating children ? 
  is it just against beating ? 
  nope . 
  if you ever read anything i wrote you would know , but i 'll repeat : confining a child into his room is made illegal under this law . 
  i never talked about beating . 
   but just because people steal , murder and harass others does n't mean legislation against such things is unnecessary or otiose . 
  but then if those laws can be applied to anyone they become harmful . 
  what is a child neglect ? 
  depending on the interpretation it can be applied to anyone . 
  can i leave my fictitious 17 years old son home alone ? 
  nope , that 's illegal in ny due to the ambiguous laws . 
  it 's child neglect . 
  now about steal , murder and harass . 
  sure , lets stop people on the streets of nyc and search for weapons . 
  and that became stop and frisk : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stop-and-frisk_in_new_york_city ridiculous ? 
  no , it 's the reality . 
   you say laws wo n't help in changing society , i said that the laws get abused . 
  ny is a good example , since we banned beating 40 + years ago also . 
  one thing , in my opinion , is worse in european countries are refugees . 
  they are recipients of welfare , and it 's very unlikely that in the next 20 years they will be able to replace aging ** skilled ** labor . 
  that 's one thing us is avoiding by accepting mostly educated immigrants . 
  same as yours . 
  why are you talking about sweden then ? 
  the article is about lithuania . 
  what this shows that soon most of western europe 's population will retire and that would cause issues in economics . 
  the workforce will diminish a lot , but requirements for social wellfare will increase . 
  similarly the same problem in states , we have around 3t in the pension fund . 
  by 2032 it will be depleted : https://www.ssa.gov/policy/docs/ssb/v75n1/v75n1p1-chart02.gif edit : also for comparison median age of usa is 37y/o , but for whites is 43 y/o - exactly the same as in europe . 
  in 1970s swedish society was ready , with most of the parent agreeing on the issue . 
  nor it seems that the law has any teeth . 
  the opposite is ny , while corporal punishment is allowed the abuse is not . 
  the punishment for the latter one is quiet severe , its being considered a form of domestic abuse and ny has a mandatory arrest law . 
  a police report of child abuse may result in an arrest first , even if there was n't one . 
  aside from an arrest : any report will result in a mandatory investigation by child protective services . 
   haha , no you 're trying to turn braking up a fight , into using violence to end violence , stop using circular logic i am not , you 're confusing me with someone else . 
  i never mentioned breaking up a fight . 
  the only example i have ever used is confining a child into a room as a punishment , which is still illegal under this law . 
   between proportional force and violence is one for the judge , jury and the law to decide not its not , the child protective law abuse is a normal practice : https://www.thenation.com/article/has-child-protective-services-gone-too-far/, 
  https://www.thenation.com/article/has-child-protective-services-gone-too-far/ so you think child protective service gone too far in the above article ? 
  i have seen many generic laws that were n't worded properly to be abused by police . 
  i am interpreting the law that does n't have boundaries . 
  swedish law is a lot more specific than lithuanian one . 
  instead of the extreme of passing laws , lithuania should have studied the issue better . 
  the laws wo n't help if there is a fundamental problem in the society . 
  law abuse is a common place around the world . 
  hey let 's ban all terrorists thought trump and banned all muslims , patriot act gave him the ability to do so . 
  laws wording can mean anything , for an example a utility knife can not be carried in ny since police considers a utility knife to be a gravity knife . 
  and it 's mostly used against minorities . 
  that 's correct about us . 
  is that true for sweden ? 
  unlike you i see the whole picture . 
  instead of banning just corporal punishment lithuania banned everything , now any parent can be convicted for talking too loud to his children . 
  the laws need to precise or can be used for abuse . 
  since when we started to talk about usa . 
  misdirecting from the question about sweden !, 
   it 's fine to hit a kid but not an adult can you make up your mind already ? 
  stop making shit up . 
  it 's clear that in sweden there is a difference between an adult and a child , some punishments are allowed against a child that are n't allowed against an adult . 
  prove me wrong . 
  instead of misdirection you just concede that swedish law make a difference between adults and children , unlike your original statement . 
  my child behaves fine . 
  as i mentioned at the worst he 's forced into his own room . 
  but the latter part is illegal under this new law in lithuania . 
  in my experience : it depends on a child . 
  i know children who were spanked and are bad or the complete opposite . 
  and i have seen when some children that were never punished and thought it was a good idea to throw a glass at my child . 
  obviously the latter ones were excluded from our life . 
  now read the article before you comment . 
   the basic idea is that if you ca n't do something to an adult , you ca n't do it to a child . 
  so now its fine to physically restrain a child and forced that child into an room . 
  but you ca n't do the same with an adult ? 
  can you make up your mind already ? 
   of course not , can you lock anyone in against their will in the us ? 
  corporal punishment is allowed in ny , including schools and day cares . 
   you can pick your child up and carry him/her to their room , but not lock the door . 
  you did n't answer the question , can you pick your wife up and carry her against her will into her room and not lock the door ? 
   banned it in 1979 , it works great thank you . 
  you banned corporal punishment . 
  let me ask you : can you lock your child in a room for bad behavior ? 
  what about your wife ? 
  that 's just 1a . 
  what about the rest ? 
  i am talking about the law in the article . 
  i am sure that in most countries there is no difference in violence against an adult : a stranger or a family member . 
  children are an exception , obviously i cant punish someone 's child . 
  but the law makes it a crime in pretty in most cases . 
   you can physically restrain them without hurting them . 
  that 's physical abuse , remember the article that we 're talking about . 
  if i grabbed you on a street and forced you into a room , it would be a crime in most countries that i know . 
  it 's clear that 's the law is meaningless .
