  we took a few thousand ( ~ 2800 ) . 
  bad idea . 
  basic rules when you travel : * bring few credit cards with you , but carry only two around . 
  leave the rest at the hotel in the secure box . 
  grab an id , personally i carry my american driver license or my passport card . 
  i do n't carry my passport , it 's usually at the hotel . 
  * do n't carry too much cash with you . 
  split small banknotes and change and large bills , large bills put inside of your jacket . 
  * do n't flash expensive items , jewelry and etc. 
  generally do n't even bring it on vacation . 
  watch your camera and cell phones . 
  personally i have a cheap cell phone for travel and i leave my main in the secure box at the hotel . 
  out of three cities , i would worry about istanbul . 
  it 's too chaotic there , a lot of people will try to sell you something and you will get distracted . 
  if you think an area is sketchy , avoid it . 
  simply use common sense and you will be ok . 
  i have traveled a lot in europe and never had a problem . 
  ps do n't pick fights . 
  i think spain to uk is like florida to new york : * better weather throughout the year * much cheaper cost of living i 'll be moving away from ny also when i retire . 
  in addition it probably snowballed , since most of brits wont be learning spanish , they move to the country with the largest expat population . 
  it seems that she never worked and always was taken care by somebody else :  cothill , whose husband died more than 40 years ago , survived on her own in south africa with the support of her friends and her local church . 
  but as she got older and her community thinned , it became apparent to her that she needed to be cared for by her daughter in the uk . 
  i think the family should reunite , but obviously it will drain uk 's money on all the doctors . 
  this is a tough one . 
  http://www.state.gov/j/prm/policyissues/issues/refugeeresponse/  the united states remains committed to helping the innocent children , women , and men affected by the ongoing conflict in syria . 
  total u.s. humanitarian assistance since the start of the conflict in march 2011 is now more than $ 5.1 billion . 
  the united states remains the ** single-largest donor ** of humanitarian aid for those affected by syria crisis , which has become the biggest humanitarian emergency of our er turkey gets a lot of money from donors , this report does n't specify the source of the money . 
  us officials claim that the us is the largest single donor . 
  the report does n't really explain why , a lot of charts do n't even have belgium on them . 
  so no clue . 
  correlate violent rates in uk vs usa with murder rates in uk vs usa . 
  http://i1.wp.com/www.criminaljusticedegreehub.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/violent-crime-hybrid3.jpg?resize=770%2c342 americans are n't really that violent , just with easy access to gun they murder more efficiently . 
   criminality has very , very little to do with local gun laws , and much to do with why someone becomes a criminal . 
  we 're talking about homicide rate . 
   you 'd see that upstate ny has basically no murders in comparison with ny buffalo ny has 6 times higher homicide rate than in nyc . 
   it 's almost never legal access to guns because we are n't talking about gun laws , we 're talking about easy access to guns . 
  you just confirmed my theory , those were n't separate points - it 's a combination of factors . 
  vermont/new hampshire are white states with fairly high median income . 
  edit : also about alcohol : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3174020/ https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/08/19/alcohol-is-still-the-deadliest-drug-in-the-united-states-and-its-not-even-close/ 57 % of homicide attributed to alcohol . 
  edit2 : a black male , who 's drinking and living in a poor metro area will be most likely involved in a homicide . 
  the problems in us : * wealth inequality - poor states tend to have higher murder rate . 
  so states with black population have higher murder rates . 
  * easy access to guns . 
  we have a lot of guns , especially handguns . 
  * americans are also heavy drinkers . 
  with easy access to guns it becomes really a big issue . 
  edit : one more factor : * density : metro areas have more crime than suburbs . 
  also i am not specifying that all of these factor are individually responsible . 
  this is a combination of factors . 
  wow that 's really bad journalism . 
  cherry picking : https://www.vice.com/read/mass-shootings-in-the-united-states-and-europe-in-2016, 
  well it would be easier to direct those people there if they understood what was written . 
  in english or french :-) cizinecka does n't really ring a bell ... 
   the us has never simulated a nuclear attack on london . 
  you would have no idea , because we would n't tell you in the first place . 
   no it 's kind of an issue . 
  why ? 
  plans take a long time to do , some countries are doing many years in advance ? 
  russia had plans to invade ukraine probably since soviet union fell apart . 
  usa has plans to invade canada , europe and etc. 
  because if any of our allies turn enemy we will have a plan ready . 
  being prepared is very important , it does n't mean that we will ever execute any of those plans . 
   i am pretty sure you do n't care much about every investigation for sex between a minor and an adult that happens in your city well because our laws are very strict and such allegations are usually disastrous for anyone accused . 
  and our leos are much better than yours at pr , they would say : the investigation is going , we will let you know . 
  now it 's more confusing :  long before the disappearance of the girl she had apparently had sexual contact to a turk and a german turk . 
  the authorities in the framework of the investigations were aware of it . 
  berlin prosecutors investigating the two men suspected of severe child sexual abuse . 
  how long before ? 
  so the story is n't the clear afterwards . 
  as long as they provide not just news and it seems so . 
  good job . 
   most of its shows will be entertainment and lifestyle , including new ones made for etv + . 
   why was secrecy a bad thing when the swiss did it ? 
  because wealthy can move assets between countries and hide them from our tax authority . 
  for normal people it has very little relevance . 
  to counter it russian propaganda , one should create awesome channels locally with very good programming . 
  usually russian speakers tune in to russian channels due to lack of local russian speaking channels . 
  anyway such channels could be created by more than one country like ukraine , poland , baltic and etc. 
   they do n't have to come here illegally in the first place . 
  that 's why canada/usa does n't like to let them in the first place on a tourist visa . 
  that 's kinda the point . 
   how exactly would one abuse the wellfare as a nonresident alien ? 
  so elderly parents come illegally , wait 3-5 years , get a green card . 
  then they get pension/healthcare for free , because they did n't work a single day in usa . 
   the primary reason why americans are worried about immigration is not welfare abuse , it is because foreigners present competition to them in the local labor markets . 
  most americans do n't care about losing jobs due to immigrants . 
  jews were exterminated with prejudice , do you mind pointing out when soviet union burned/gassed/shot 100 % of population . 
  that what happened in baltic countries , jews virtually were exterminated in those countries . 
  when did soviet union virtually exterminated anyone ? 
  take a second and think about it . 
  fair enough . 
  so what 's the difference between 176b and 178 of the german penal code ? 
   tear gas is not pepper spray . 
  pepper spray is oleoresin capsicum . 
  the word mace means all sprays including pepper spray . 
  here is a mace spray : http://www.mace.com/products/mace-brand-families/pepper-gel/mace-peppergel-large what it 's made from ? 
  mace is a brand :-) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mace_ ( spray ), 
  well denmark need to figure out : either legalize mace or get some alternatives . 
  for your friends - sure . 
  but in general - it 's not , especially for poles or ukrainians .
