  i wan na find a new friend . 
  you forgot the rules ... 
  i recommend reading this thread, 
  i really like the tomato spinach pasta and the chunky lentil soup, 
  thanks man . 
  you saved my sanity, 
  solved, 
  i was quite upset , when i found out that last issue will be about liara . 
  i know that she is one of the most favourite sidekicks but still i think she is getting too much attention . 
  she is companion in every game , has one pretty important and to day biggest dlc , even one comic series ... 
  i was hoping for wrex 's way from mercenary to clan leader on tuchanka , or his relationship with his brother wreav . . 
  so what does reddit think about this ? 
  hi reddit , i bet this question was here like a milion times , but i 'm new user , reddit virgin if you will , or maybe reddit-untouched ... anyhow where and when do you enjoy your reading ? 
  hi everyone ... 
  i am looking for something like greywardens.com but for mass effect . 
  i googled lots of tumblrs , but i am looking for some deeper analysis even some opinions on where the franchise is going etc. . . 
  so maybe anyone could help me ? 
  i 'm a bussiness student right now and i would like to work in afinance sector . 
  however i ca n't find or name * the thing * that drives me to this sector . 
  i just really want to do finance . 
  i am not ignoring aspect of a potential high salary but i feel i just ca n't say `` i wan na do finance because of money i will make '' during a job interview , right ? 
  so what was answer to `` why do you choose to work in finance ? '', 
  or `` why do you want to work for xy financial firm ? '', 
  apreciate any feedback , thanks . 
  hi , there !, 
  undergaduate student here , going throught exercises on fixed assets and i came across this :, 
  firm purchased land for eur 300,000 and recorded these, 
  legal fees concerning the conclusion of the purchase contract and the recording of the ownership eur 10,000, 
  demolition costs eur 50,000, 
  title guarantee insurance eur 12,000, 
  proceeds from the sale of salvaged materials from the demolition eur 8000, 
  what is a balance in the land account ? 
  i can not decide between d ) where i incorporate all the numbers or c ) where i omit insurance and salvation proceeds , as these are not necessary to bring the assets into its inteded use . 
  can anybody help ? 
  hi reddit , i 'm using a few products of google but everytime i want to use them , i need to click more a find them on the google tray ( eg . 
  reader ) while having items that i do n't use at all on the tray like play or google + ... is it possible to change order of items on that list a put favourite ones at the beginnig ? 
  hi everyone ,, 
  have n't played mass effect for a while , but now i have some free time and i came across guys doing a trick when you are supposed to fetch backpack somewhere , they are runnig and they are keep loosing and picking the backpack up ... how do you do that ? 
  hi everyone undergrad student here . 
  at our university we are asked to form a group of four and prepare a valuation of a non-financial company . 
  it is an introductory course to corporate finance so the valuation is not supposed to be detailish, 
  here is an excerpt from project requirements, 
  1 ratios ( profitability , eficiency , solvency & liquidity ), 
  2 projection ( pro-forma ) financial statements for the next 5 years, 
  3 valuation model e.g. 
  ddm or dcf ( only 1 sufices ), 
  4 sensitivity analysis ( using `` what if '' scenarios from excel ), 
  in the ratios you should use a wide number of indicators e.g. 
  decomposition , p/e , dividend pay-out , ebit , ebitda, 
  \u2022 eficiency : receivable/inventory turnover, 
  \u2022 risk : wc , current ratio , acid test , cash ratio , interest cover , debt ratios, 
  and my question is which company should we pick or which sector should we look at in order to not be bogged down by difficulties or some tricky stuff ( e.g. 
  treatment of research ), 
  we have some candidates here : union pacific , walmart , lockheed martin - are these ones that fulfill my conditions ? 
  thank you for any help, 
  hi everyone ... here is the thing . 
  i was really looking forward to playing one episode of my favourite series , so i find mp4 , add it to the itunes library plug ipad , sync it and bam !, 
  i ca n't play it . 
  ipad is telling me that the file has 0 bytes and no codecs . 
  which is kinda weird . 
  i can even play the file in itunes player , but ipad refuses to do so . 
  i can play previous episodes normally , this one has same codecs , so i do n't know where the problem is ... can somebody help ? 
  hi reddit ... would someone explain to me why do brothers from `` it 's a date '' come from czechoslovakia ? 
  because i live in the czech republic now and i do not find them similiar to any czech stereotype i 've encountered . 
  clothes are weird , do not have specific accent ... am i missing something ? 
  hi there !, 
  undergrad here , i 'm taking financial management course at my university . 
  it basically covers everything from company valuation to portfolio theory and efficient markets hypothesis . 
  i am really interested in financial stuff , but unfortunately our professors and tas are boring ( with some exceptions ) and lectures are total waste of time ... 
  so i wonder what finance textbook would you recommend for self study ? 
  or should i forget textbooks and rather focus on blogs etc ? 
  our course uses principles of corporate finance from brealey and myers - what is your opinion on this one ? 
  hi , i was over at / r/dragonage and stumbled across a malvernis post . 
  you had to actually read vague codex entries and return to a previous location to reach him . 
  and of course i did n't read that entry and i could not reach him . 
  so my questions is : are there any places , quests etc in mass effect , that would casual , yet thorough player like myself would miss ? 
  things that only die-hard , i-can-name-every-volus-in-game-by-listening-to-his-breathing type fans would find ? 
  thanks !, 
  after my grandpa passed away last year , we were sorting his stuff out . 
  and we came across this razor http://imgur.com/a/fbikn, 
  now , my grandpa used to tell stories from his childhood featuring his grandpa shaving every sunday . 
  he once had told me that he still had grandpas razor hidden somewhere . 
  and i think this is it - razor that my great-great-grandfather used shave with . 
  do you think it can be that old ( cca 1900 ) ? 
  also do you think there is a potential i could shave it ? 
  well obviously it needs some repair , it is really dull and i think its tip is broken , but it would be really cool to shave with this razor . 
  i am willing to invest here because i am kinda envisioning myself as i pass this family crown jewel on to the next generation . 
  thank you for any help , i will really appreciate it, 
  hey guys !, 
  i am decorating my new apartment and i would like to put some plant there . 
  and i recall that daniel hardman had this sort of small tree in his office , that i really liked . 
  i remember one exact scene , where he was trimming it with scissors , when somebody rushed in his office . 
  does anybody know the plant / the episode ? 
  thanks a ton !, 
  since i am a university student , i am following the current clash between the president and academics . 
  i was curious what do people think , and since it was about universities , i was hoping that more * sophisticated * people would take part in discussion . 
  but no , it is still a pit of ignorance , aggression and superficiality , where you are called either fucking bolshevik or jewish bastard just for no reason . 
  i mean who are those people that spent time on the internet yelling empty threats and remarks . 
  basically discussion is carried in the same tone , just the news headline changes . 
  does anyone here has an idea ?
