  most performance demanding fights are , unfortunately for you , in the very last part of a story , when there are a lot of one-hit-dead enemies & same goes for powerful spells , which can freeze the game and computer ( my experience ) are again available further in a story ( at least 10 hours ) ... 
  i remember how frustrated i was since it took some time - about 4-5 rounds - for computer to capture that hit and kill that enemy ... 
  which is kinda problem when you got about 50 enemies like that + npc and party and fuckin boss . . 
  i love his colour !, 
  that brown head & tail are lovely, 
  that is really cool ... my dream is to have deus-ex style office, 
  that 's like the best pick up line ever !, 
  two friends met after long time not seeing each other . 
  `` so whats up ? '', 
  asked one . 
  the other replied : `` meh you know , nothing special , although i was at doctor checking my prostate . . '', 
  `` really ? 
  i am planning to see my doctor too . 
  tell me , how does this prostate check works ? '', 
  `` you come to a clinic , put down your pants , and then lean forward . 
  then , doctor puts his left hand on your right shoulder and sticks his right one into your butt ... no wait , other way around , he puts his right hand on your left shoulder and sticks his left one into your ... 
  wait no , it was like this . 
  he puts his left arm on my left shoulder , his right arm on my right shoulder and ... that bastard !!! '', 
  are you saying that the fact that schwarzenberg fell asleep during some speech in senate is more despicable than zeman being drunk at one of the most important event of the czech statehood ? 
  speeches are not lawmaking, 
  and which ipad version do you have ? 
  just one thing ... 
  there is one very profitable ( 100 sovs ) quest that involves dwarfs and mages . 
  you need to visit dwarfs and then go to mages . 
  and there is big possibility that by finishing mages first you will loose opportunity to do that quest . 
  so my advice - go collect that quest to orzammar and then go for mages . 
  even though i know i wo n't win ( i never win anything ) , i really appreciate what you are doing . 
  and what is my favourite experience in me . 
  i just love archangel mission in me2 . 
  being lockdown in that fortress , killing mercs while non-chalantly chatting with garrus ... and then when he got hit ... aaaah memories . . 
  it really depends on enemes you will be dealing with ... for example geth , these have shields and ocasionally armor - use sidekicks that have specific powers - garrus ( overload ) miranda ( overload + warp ) tali ( hack ) or mordin ( fire ) . 
  biotic wo n't do much here ... on the other hand lets say collectors here you will encounter barriers and biotic will more useful here . 
  but all this depend on difficulty you are playing . 
  on easy biotic will be nasty because enemies do not have any layers . 
  on insanity where every husk has armor you will need every power against armor . 
  and do n't worry you will be able to open every crate etc there are no requirements on tech skills . 
  edit : grammar, 
  sad panda . 
  after seeing trailers , witcher 3 is the winner for me . 
  so another asterisk, 
  since i focus on different part of a labour market i ca n't really help you with the content part ... 
  but i 've got some tips for you, 
  adjust `` climax , pa , usa '' to the right ,, 
  only one line on the second page is useless , try to find the way to get it on the first one . 
  since your potential employer could print out your cv , he might not be happy about wasted page ,, 
  consider using pdf format , it can be done in word using `` publish '' option . 
  pdf works better with various programmes and platforms . 
  word `` volunteer '' is written using different font , it is not consistent, 
  as i said i can not comment much on the content , but what i found kinda important was certified forklift driver . . 
  if that means you got some sort of diploma , be more proud about that and comment on it ... 
   are those margins acceptable ? 
  i never really dug that deep into margins but i think the point here is to make your cv page looked filled up . 
  using too big margins is then waste of space . 
  i would prefer a kitty chasing laser pointer in circular wheel, 
  that 's narodn\u00ed st. , your are looking at the one side of the national theatre . 
  the glass building is the new scene of the national theatre . 
  how do you deal with disapointment ? 
  what excuse are you gon na prepare for family , potential employer etc. 
  i love that place . 
  i could spend hours and hours just watching tranis go by, 
  limbo , though it is not listed there ... 
  how about me books ? 
  boy , that kid got bigger balls than me ... 
  i mean not those balls ... * sigh * whatever , who am i kidding i am fucking lonely nobody gon na read this, 
  i am concerned , why do you want to know that ? 
  i kinda hoped for more images ... 
  ` merica, 
  were these used ? 
  really ? 
  that is what you are thinking about while looking at this picture ? 
  where is your warden ? 
  i am with you pal ... 
  i uninstalled it after 5 minutes ... basically everything the game is asking me to do is to pay . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  this got nothing to do with dragon age . 
  this is just a atm dressed in dragon age mascara . 
  it actually outrages me more than if authors made mistakes in cannon as they did with last me book . 
  because at least they care about player . 
  here they see you as a sack of dollars waiting to be milked . 
  this is how rich ewoks live, 
  i liked the small detail that [ he actually chewed left bobble , when they were looking for a subway station ] ( / spoiler ), 
  those are the extra armor and weapon sets that comes with playing on dark mode http://witcher.wikia.com/wiki/dark_mode ( possible spoilers ) . 
  you need to save some ingredients from act one or ingredients can be easily missed with no chance of getting them afterwards . 
  but i think there are some mods that will help you in case you have forgotten to save them . 
  they also make ingredients from merchants much cheaper , which is also needed as creating those leathers is costly as fuck . 
  edit grammar, 
  i guess you earn all gold medals in mass effect inflitrator ... 
  i played that on ipad . 
  how did you made that last level with turian is beyond me . 
  but am i a pretty lady ? 
  thanks for sharing hope you had great time, 
  do somebody recognise the area from the map . 
  it looks like redania to me . 
  is n't hany bany supposed to be near staromestska ? 
  you are basically two metro stops from the center of prague so basically 5 minutes from the center . 
  walks in vysehrad park are great for clearing one 's mind and the view is also great . 
  second year czech undergrad here , also interested in ib career , though in london . 
  these are my tips i can think off the top of my head . 
  on recruitment in general . 
  being czech and getting full time job with only bachelor degree in the industry is imo very hard , there are no summer internships going on etc.
