  usually students start looking for a job in the first or second year of master . 
  which is bullshit if you ask me , because i do n't see a reason why the same work done in london or ny by an undergraduate has to be done by a graduate in prague . 
  that is wasting two years of one 's life , but on the other hand we do not have to pay for university ... 
  but your case is a little peculiar , as you are american , so i do n't know whether standards apply here . 
  list of financial institution operating in czech rep, 
  ( predefined lists bookmark ) may help you when looking for boutiques etc. 
  i personally did n't have a clue that rothchilds have a business going on in pa\u0159\u00ed\u017esk\u00e1 st. 
  maybe you can also try consulting or big 4 . 
  e&y got a decent advisory from what i heard . 
  and consulting is present in prague in all its beauty with mckinsey bcg and shit . 
  consider learning some basics of polish . 
  some boutiques ( wood and co. ) or hedge funds ( verdi capital ) cover entire cee region with offices also in warsaw . 
  obviously the deals going on here are global ( sale of telefonica czech arm with goldman leading the way notable exception ) but rather area focused . 
  lots of czech do not understand polish at all , so i think having some knowledge of polish would really be an asset and would make you a great candidate, 
  some helpful websites, 
  www.motejlek.com - really solid information you wo n't find anywhere else in the news , but huge paywall and membership costly as fuck . 
  www.patria.cz - czech bloomberg/cnbc, 
  and then there are obvious wallstreetoasis and m&i . 
  these are rather us focused , but still there may bee something relevant e.g http://www.mergersandinquisitions.com/investment-banking-london-eastern-europe/, 
  would be interested in a story why would american aim for prague . 
  would go for warsaw - bigger market etc. 
  i really liked these too . 
  the style was great , close to the game . 
  having following mass effect i am bit concerned sometimes quality of drawings was really poor ... 
  `` art '', 
  i think that every comic take place before me3 , some like this with jacob and miranda even before me2 ... 
  where/how did you find it ? 
  damn it was worth it . 
  i proved myself i can be strong . 
  that was the fucking reason i did that . 
  facing stress and pressure i messed up . 
  everybody could do that . 
  i am not looking for excuses . 
  time to be strong again . 
  i study in academy of sciences library . 
  you have to pay 100 czk for year entry ( or daily entry for 10czk ) but it has really great studying atmosphere . 
  no cafe though . 
  since you share the bathroom , avoid putting a shower head close to your face, 
  i think you are right . 
  but if you see the other thread new covers also feature characters that were only in pc games . 
  obviously targeted at gamers who did n't read the original series . 
  and you divide that by \u0394x, 
  so you have 12 + 3\u0394x, 
  and in b as \u0394x approaches zero you end up with 12 or also with derivate of 3x ^ 2 at the point 2, 
  thanks guys for the input ... 
  i eventually opted out for the netherlands ( ironically also country with similar tendencies and moreover aimed specifically against `` eastern '' europe ) . 
  but it is sad to be honest . 
  i obviously did not plan to exploit your social security system or steal your jobs . 
  it is simply a way of writing cos ( pi ) - cos ( 0 ) , or in general f ( b ) - f ( a ) . 
  do n't fuck around , differentiate it with respect to y. 
  so here is what i want to do . 
  i have 3 series ( min , mean and max ) for four multiples formatted as a stacked bar chart . 
  now i want to add the current price as a vertical line , passing through appropriate point on horizontal axis , as represented by painted red line . 
  now if i add it as new series it pops out as yellow part ... is there any work around to do this ? 
  like different chart types etc ? 
  thanks for help . 
  not [ working ] ( http://imgur.com/qhejlsx ) ... it is plotted on secondary vertical axis , ignoring horizontal axis, 
  okay never mind i figured it [ out ] ( http://imgur.com/ynwgxzk ) . 
  it is a scatter graph with lines with x and y values + hiding secondary vertical axis ... 
  thanks for your time . 
  maybe they are suicide booths, 
  impressive, 
  just for the record , these guys must have exceptions or from north-eastern parts of czech republic . 
  typical czech and pole would not understand each other and they usually switch to english . 
  ok , i will stop smoking and start saving money for my trip to iceland . 
  came here to say this , it looks really nice, 
  well good thing i am not going for the standard edition but for that edition with statues and stuff . 
  to be honest videogame yenn lacks the spirit and characteristics of books ' yenn . 
  there is nothing charismatic about her in that scene , completely different from book version . 
  but it is just one scene so maybe i will be suprised ... also i am wondering what her reaction will be when she will find out my geralt was banging triss throughout first two games . 
  i am secretly hoping for threesome ... 
  but i am not giving too much chances ... 
  i think you are right . 
  if i remember correctly she is supposed to have black/grey hair ( ashy to be exact ) . 
  she went thru puberty in the books so she could be 18 - 20 at the end of the series . 
  but because of things that happened in the last book , she could be considerably older than that ... 
  fyi this is a picture of ciri in czech book series . 
  and considering vernon introduction , it should be some kind of joke that he is emphyr , spice merchant ... 
  impressive, 
  never bought any of these , so i ca n't really tell whether i need the guide . 
  also i am paying big for ce version . 
  i guess hardcover and also fancier artwork, 
  are you sure ? 
  i do n't want to spoil books here , just read the second last paragraph in that article . 
  developers would have to try really hard to overcome that ... 
  scene in 1:24 is really breathtaking . 
  but the trailer is full of wallpaper material, 
  i asked czech reseller and according to their info this edition will be available only us . 
  honestly , it is getting harder and harder to be a devoted european fan of bioware . 
  putting away game issues such as me3 ending , da2 and last mass effect book ( which is not easy but anyway ) european version of bioware store have not been restocked ever since , not even for n7 day or xmas . 
  then there was this `` glitch '' with lair of the shadowbroker when owners of central europe edition could not install it . 
  now this thing . 
  what could be the possible reason for not selling this edition in europe ??? 
  honestly i want to know . 
  is it too heavy for planes to fly it across the ocean ? 
  are they lazy ? 
  would that thing be too much expensive ? 
  * sigh * ... if there would some sort of apology like free dlc or whatever ... 
  i am seriously thinking about pirating this game . 
  i was always buying stuff from bioware , but since i feel that they do n't give a shit , why should bother with some deluxe edition that is only including first day dlcs .
