czechia is n't exactly athletic is that the good soldier svejk ? 
  it 's not over yet , but assuming that the results will remain like this and nothing dramatic happens , i would like to ask - for how long is this decision binding ? 
  can the people of scotland vote again soon , or what ? 
  when it was based on imperialism, 
  the china one is a stretch , but the rest are very impressive . 
  awesome landscapes . 
  well , i would n't dismiss all these claims out of hand . 
  it should be evident that there are a lot of problems with the `` centralized currency and localized economies '' scheme that europe has n't solved yet , nor does it seem willing to . 
  and the prices * did * go up in many countries , but the salaries did n't . 
  especially countries that imported a lot of goods . 
  it rarely comes up . 
  and the fee fo fi fum . 
  you are being too harsh . 
  the greeks certainly do n't trust their political parties , and have been trying to bring about change en masse . 
  there has been a political see-saw in power the last decades as the party not in power promises reform and shuffles its personnel around . 
  recently the governing parties have n't been able to generate necessary majorities to govern , resulting in alliances to maintain power . 
  therefore there has been a lot of discontent expressed by the people . 
  also have you not seen how the greeks have been rioting and protesting in the streets against the corruption ? 
  where have you been , really ? 
  your comment frankly shows a lot of ignorance about both the people of greece and the entrenchment of political parties . 
  look at every single country and tell me how easy it is to nudge the two big parties from power . 
  answer : not at all easy . 
   the greece journalism did n't do much to bring all the news about corruption before 2008 do you have any sources about this , or did you just pull it out of nowhere ? 
  i think your assessment is the naive one . 
  do you expect a person with a trade and a business to be able to make arbitrarily large amounts of money , and if he does worse than that then he should give up and do ... what exactly ? 
  you 're being absurd . 
  this is a small business owner . 
  he is trying to feed his family with his business , he did n't decide he hit a ceiling of 20k a year and then stop . 
  this is the whole problem with greece that this article outlines - that otherwise sustainable business are becoming unsustainable . 
  you are completely wrong about trade deficit being the result of borrowing . 
  a [ trade balance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balance_of_trade ) by definition depends on exports and imports . 
  greece has been buying german products for as long as there has been no industry in greece : since forever . 
  the difference being that with greece 's induction in the eurozone , german companies now make much more money off of those exports than they did before . 
  and of course because it 's so much more profitable , exports have more than doubled . 
  in retrospect , greece stood to gain very little from the eurozone , and people are now realizing this . 
  i do n't know to explain these basics to you other than this : this is a private limited company . 
  the business owner ca n't pay himself a salary - he is the owner , and he makes what his business makes , and he is in debt for whatever his business is in debt . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  he has a business with a legitimate income of 20,000 euros . 
  how is that bankrupting himself ? 
  no , it 's the pre-tax income of the business , like it says in the title . 
  it 's one guy that has his own business , how is that hard to understand ? 
  that 's what jobs pay in greece . 
   firstly , ownership how the marbles were acquired is not the point . 
  the point is why you should give them back . 
  pretending a shady deal 200 years ago with the turks somehow legitimizes your possession of them wo n't help your case . 
   secondly , ownerership part 2 . 
  the culture that created the marbles has very little to do with contemporary greece . 
  and modern britain has ? 
  please . 
  continuity of culture is largely defined by geography . 
  and , who are you to judge which culture deserves its ancient monuments and which does n't ? 
  should we all ask the british about our monuments then ? 
  maybe wait your verdict as to whether * our * culture has enough to do with our ancestors ? 
   thirdly : as objects of world heritage , it 's a good idea to exhibit them , for free , in a city more people visit . 
  why do n't we move all ancient monuments away from where they were built , to new york ? 
  that 's where the most people visit , right ? 
  in sum : what utter , stunning nonsense . 
  for shame . 
  give back the marbles to where they rightly should be displayed . 
  clinging onto them ( and with such asinine arguments ) is clinging to a remnant of england 's imperialist past . 
  probably nonexistent , but i 'm in favor of that as well . 
  let 's give back everything to everyone who has a right to it . 
  what an unfortunate example you chose to bring up . 
  there is no reason whatsoever to not give back the parthenon marbles to greece . 
  well the perspective is that it is unfortunate at times that good people have to step down because their term ends , but on the other hand that 's how it should work . 
  cohesion within a single country does not mean a lot with regards to larger unions . 
  usually regional separatism has a lot to do with oppression suffered at the hands of the country the regions want to split from . 
  look at the catalans , the basques , the scots , sardinia . 
  but tell them they will be a part of eu , and they have no objection to that . 
  the formation of larger unified geographical entities tends to smooth out regional differences . 
  with what ? 
  secession ? 
  i agree with the caveats i outlined above . 
  if we agree as humans to be limited by the tribal construct of `` nation '' or `` country '' , then we must provide an equal opportunity to everyone to decide what that is . 
  anything else would be tyranny . 
  but my hope is that we can eventually , as human beings , transcend the impulse that drives us to separate ourselves into tribes and castes . 
  i hope that one day any kind of nation , whether whole or split off from another one , will become obsolete . 
  to clarify my position , it was one of thinking forward , not strictly one or the other of what i outlined above . 
  i am convinced that ultimately human progress and freedom lies toward the path of transcending nations , and therefore i regard secession as a temporary state . 
  while i applaud the impulse of freedom that drives it , and endorse it , i think that an attempt to create an even smaller nation , for all its potential benefits , does not lie on this path of progress unless it be temporary . 
  suppose , for the sake of argument , that we decided to call ourselves europeans - what would it matter where the border between basque country and the rest of spain was then ? 
  between sardinia and italy ? 
  it would n't . 
  and that , in my opinion , would be a great thing . 
  good for you for being consistent . 
  i am very much in agreement with the general argument for independence and self-governance , and my natural impulse is to say of course , any number of regions should hold referenda and if they so decide , secede or become autonomous or any other degree of independence they want . 
  however ( as a kind of political sciences exercise ) i also like to consider what the effects of this course of action are in the long run , not in the case of italy or spain or the uk , but in general . 
  vis-a-vis , if you provide every region with the chance to determine whether they would like to be self-governed , some will take that chance and some will not . 
  therefore in such a hypothetical scenario countries will naturally fracture into smaller constituent states with varying degrees of autonomy . 
  that state of affairs runs counter to my feeling that humanity must eventually transcend its tribal concept of nations and archaic us-versus-them ideologies and emerge united , not to mention anything about any adverse socio-economic effects of secession . 
  it 's an interesting question with no clear answer , but i find it hard to argue with those who advocate cohesion not because they are against the right to self-governance , but because they think it provides clear social and economic benefits to everyone involved . 
  do you have any thoughts about that ? 
  surely there are better reasons than that !, 
  may i ask you out of genuine curiosity how you feel about the basque separatists and other such movements within spain ? 
  that is a shame , then . 
  do you feel that the scottish economy can take steps to become less reliant or volatile in the future , and thus enable the scots to make a different decision on independence ? 
  and would that course of action be worth it ? 
  so the reasons are purely related to economy , i understand ? 
  completely agree .
