  and as a eu citizen i resent that . 
  i have faced italian corruption all my life , even when i moved abroad . 
  because my family is still living there . 
  the only possibility to get rid of it is transparency . 
  every country has that problem . 
  america has it - there are bribes , `` lobbying '' , that happens behind closed doors . 
  no records of it , and nobody to tell you what happened except parties with very clear interests . 
  it 's usually to the detriment of the people , and i expect that it 's to the detriment of the people here . 
  well all the italians and spaniards in london would rejoice to hear such beautiful predictions i 'm sure . 
  here is the actual quote from the article , which makes it sound like much more of a threat than that :  in the beginning of february , [ dutch finance minister and eurogroup president jeroen ] dijsselbloem told varoufakis `` you either sign the memorandum that the others have signed too , or your economy is going to collapse '' . 
  how ? 
  `` we are going to collapse your banks '' . 
  it ** is ** a greek letter after all, 
  this baseless speculation does n't help in a climate where both sides need to keep a calmer head , it even actively hurts if you 've seen the rhetoric passed around this subreddit in the past few weeks , so forgive me if i refrain from it . 
  eh , it 's a wild idea with no merit anyway , but if i judge based on what i 've seen , i 'd believe insider trading of lagarde and the rest before varoufakis . 
  100 % guaranteeing no deal is n't an exclusive right , it could be done by either side , and many times there were proposals and counterproposals advanced with more often the imf shooting down the agreement , i believe . 
  i 'm a cynical bastard and that 's a little too cynical for me even so , but i 'll say this : i 'd more readily ascribe motivations like that to padoan , schauble , and pretty much all the rest of the eu finance ministers before i got to varoufakis . 
  it 's par for the course to resign after you lose a vote , like the opposition party leader in greece ( who campaigned for yes ) just did . 
  but in my opinion it takes a special kind of courage to resign after your side has won a vote and popular mandate , knowing that it might be for the best . 
  that tells me he 's not interested in he being the one who negotiates the deal ; he 's more interested in a deal being negotiated . 
  i think those who ascribe political and selfish reasons to him are a little misguided . 
  he put the * possibility * that his resignation would be to the interest of his country above his own political interests . 
  that 's as unselfish as he could be , in my opinion . 
  i wish i had politicians as disinterested , and perhaps as devoted to the interests of the people over their own , as him in my own country . 
  also would it hurt people if you read his damn statement ? 
  it 's like three paragraphs . 
  he was asked by tsipras himself to step down to facilitate talks , so he did it . 
  comments about rats fleeing sinking ships are a little out of line . 
  right , these are the nominal targets they set , but i believe they do n't have a lot of credibility anymore with how they assess their nominal targets . 
  they assign some blame to the first quarter 2015 , but then go on to say how these nominal assumptions changed based on targets not met by year-end 2014 ( when obviously syriza was not in power ) and fluctuations due to markets or unwillingness to privatize ( understandable that a country would n't want to sell all its assets at cut-rate prices in the middle of a crisis ) . 
   the 2014 primary fiscal balance fell short of the program target by 1.5 percent of gdp . 
   the projected privatization proceeds under the program were $ 23 billion over the 2014 -- 22 period . 
  half of these proceeds were to come from privatizing state holdings of the banking sector . 
  however , given the very high and rising levels of nonperforming loans in the banking system that in turn will require setting aside the bank recapitalization buffer as a potential backstop , it is highly unlikely that these proceeds will materialize . 
  they also go on to say how they assumed that borrowing costs would normalize for greece , which has n't really happened at all . 
  there 's also a long section on debt sustainability after that . 
  i 'm not going to attempt to summarize it , but the gist is that even with debt relief , debt dynamics are very fragile for greece and further concessional financing would be required to guarantee stability . 
  they themselves provide one example of a possible solution :  as an illustration , one option for recovering sustainability would be to extend the grace period to 20 years and the amortization period to 40 years on existing eu loans and to provide new official sector loans to cover financing needs falling due on similar terms at least through 2018 . 
  all that said , i do n't place extreme faith in their analysis , which is always disposed towards austerity and mass privatization as the only possible policy option , and which looks to regain stability in the next 50 years , not even in the short term . 
  of course it 's not a consensus , i would be very surprised if the imf agreed with them on all points of fiscal policy . 
  the primary reason being - which is acknowledged in your link - that the imf is not willing to participate in any bailout whatsoever . 
  it identifies the need for one , but wants to stop short of saying we should have given one , therefore it goes on with the old austerity melody . 
  the summation in your link is ,  in short : two different views on what is sustainable and how to get there ; a tacit recognition of the need for a third memorandum , more reforms , more austerity , and concessions ; and a nod towards a haircut as long as it is someone else 's money . 
  not quite a consensus . 
  which i mostly agree with . 
  but i stand by my impression that it verifies the main point of the greek government 's position : debt is unsustainable , and there is need for debt relief . 
  if they agreed on that , and they do , the disagreement on austerity or not could go on the back burner . 
  or not , but any kind of agreement is positive . 
  it 's not against his government . 
  it pretty much confirms his , and varoufakis ' , positions on the unsustainability of greek debt right at the time when they were elected five months ago , and the need for debt relief . 
  here is the whole report so you can read it too . 
  https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2015/cr15165.pdf it 's a little strange how these findings by the imf are largely not taken into consideration when the institutions come together to negotiate with greece . 
  certainly , i would love to . 
  it 's a little hard to sift through them all , there 's quite a few . 
  so it 's possible they will have to form coalition to rule ? 
  is the sentiment in spain that he 'll not be voted again in the coming elections ? 
  and thus we come full circle to what some , like the british , knew all along since the early 90s . 
  there can be no effective currency union without fiscal union , no common currency without wealth transfer . 
  it was an endless debate in the house of commons in the years leading up to the formation of the eurozone - and the reason the uk is not using the euro , obviously . 
  [ there 's a much referenced lrb article by wynne godley ] ( http://www.lrb.co.uk/v14/n19/wynne-godley/maastricht-and-all-that ) that explains what 's always been wrong with the euro and how it would have to end in disaster for countries like greece , portugal , ireland , spain , and anyone not competitive with german industrial efficiency . 
  bear in mind it was written in 1992 : these have been known issues for a long time . 
  and it 's not like no one knows today . 
  [ adam posen was broadcasting the reality of this situation on vox just yesterday ] ( https://www.vox.com/2015/6/29/8863313/theres-a-simple-solution-to-greeces-problems-but-europe-wont-try-it ) . 
  there was a wealth of good discussion about this in an / r/economics post yesterday , [ np link here . 
  ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/3bmq7j/greece_confirms_that_it_will_default_to_the_imf/csnla6y ) some of the info there i used above . 
  hold on a second . 
  can you explain a little more what happened today , and how it relates to the gag law ? 
  from what i understand , he announced something supposedly very optimistic today that he conjured out of thin air , to counterbalance the negativity of yesterday 's legal act , correct ? 
  i 'm gon na use that as the title of my next sci-fi novel . 
  somebody else has to make it first and then discard it for us to find it . 
  well , as long as the debt is recognized by some sovereign entity , then it 's fair game . 
  conceivably the families of the victims could take their case to the hague and have it ratified there before starting to seize assets . 
  they tried to seize assets by just having it ratified by greek and italian courts , but again , that 's not the point i was making : the greek state and the italian state did n't try to seize the assets of the german state in a breach of sovereignty . 
  private citizens did . 
  oh , there 's a world of difference . 
  a court-ordered seizure on behalf of a private citizen does n't mean a state is doing it . 
  private citizens can go to court against a state ; but that 's entirely different than state vs. state . 
  i agree that it violates the sovereignty of another country , but such things have happened many times on behalf of private creditors and declared legal by various entities of whatever standing , national or international . 
  argentina 's assets for example are still in risk of seizure worldwide because of past defaults . 
  case in point an argentinian ship seized in africa by a court order on behalf of a us hedge fund . 
  does it violate argentina 's sovereignty ? 
  of course . 
  but it still happened . 
  no , it did n't happen in this case either . 
  the government of greece did n't try to seize assets , private citizens did . 
  the relatives of war victims . 
  also i think the seizure itself was n't declared illegal , just the trial that resulted in the seizure , because the german state had judicial immunity , or that it can not be tried abroad for acts committed as a sovereign state . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  however that does n't concern intra-country debts , it 's war reparations on behalf of private greek citizens , which was initially rejected even by greek officials from what i can see . 
  and , it should be said , lots of countries have asked germany for war reparations for massacres during ww2 . 
  italy included , like i said above . 
   italian court tried to seize german assets hit me with a source , i ca n't find anything in english or italian other than things about war reparations for war crimes against italians during ww2 . 
  i hope to never see the day where germany , or any other european country , will find it worthwhile to seize another european country 's assets . 
   greece basically pays no interest to the ecb or efsf debt no interest ? 
  http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ go down the list and find all the ecb entries , the interest is included . 
  for example , there is even a $ 3,5 bn payment due in august of this year under 6.1 % interest . 
  are you just trolling here ? 
  this is my last response to your idiocy . 
  first you say `` nothing is produced fast '' to justify austerity , and then when i say , why then does the imf expect greece to produce fast reforms and make its debt sustainable yesterday since it 's apparent it will take time , you reply with some handwaving explanation about `` modern world making things easier '' . 
  your faith in a humanity consisting of people such as you is entirely misplaced .
