  for example , i 've done contract work for the italian state , and in the case of the government not meeting its obligations the italian courts or the swiss courts were defined as the authorities under which the case could be brought to legal scrutiny , so you could in fact take the case to a court of law and obtain damages as recompense , new legislation that overturned the old notwithstanding . 
  and the company i worked for has actually chosen to do that in the past . 
  now it may be difficult , it may not always work out , and so on , but i do n't believe these difficulties merit a whole new class of legal jurisdictions , especially because these come with their own baggage and consequences which i outlined in my previous post . 
   but it 's irrelevant in negotiations - not just irrelevant , even , but counter-productive . 
  i do n't think so . 
  you can make negotiations transparent without giving everyone on the outside a voice . 
  in other words , people do n't necessarily have to participate in the negotiations - but they have to know what 's going on . 
  witness the fiasco of the past year with greece and the eu during which everyone accused everyone else of having unrealistic positions , of trying to sabotage the negotiations , so on and so forth - and then building entire edifices of rhetoric and blame on that which no one knew the truth of . 
  there is a reason that national assemblies are public debate - the people do not participate , nor do they have a voice except indirectly , but they can , and should , be able to hold the participants accountable for the positions they have expressed . 
  the same measure of accountability should be provided in all negotiations that affect public life to such an extent , and i 'm entirely for it . 
  in this age of corruption , the people do n't always have a representative in secret negotiations , and i suspect and fear it 's the same way with the ttip , as it was with the tpp , as it was with the net neutrality debate in america . 
  i 'm out of time . 
  not to shirk the main point though , i 'll say that i heard you about trade treaties and isds both being an increasing trend and it looks cogent enough to look more into it later . 
   is it ? 
  would you be able to point to such documentation ? 
  yes , of course . 
  there are plenty of sources online and a lot of ink spilled on it . 
   `` not long after the ethyl decision [ . . in 1998 ] , the number of investment treaty claims increased exponentially . 
  in the context of nafta , several disputes were pending or partly completed , some of which were equally controversial . '', 
  `` bounded rationality and economic diplomacy : the politics of investment '' by lauge n. skovgaard poulsen , 2015 also here , http://unctad.org/en/publicationslibrary/webdiaepcb2013d3_en.pdf , here , http://ir.lawnet.fordham.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=4062&amp;context=flr and here https://www.citizen.org/documents/investor-state-chart.pdf you could also take a look at `` investor-state arbitration '' by dugan , wallace , rubins and sabahi or `` international economic law and national autonomy '' by s. frankel , though they are a few years older . 
   i ca n't help but feel all of this amounts to really basically not wanting to allow companies any mechanism of remedy when they 're diddled by states , since essentially you 're saying that you 'd only `` look more favourably '' on any such mechanism as long as it was stacked good and hard against the companies . 
  i want companies to have the same mechanism of remedy , and the same freedom of action , we all enjoy - that which is set by law and bound by regulation , and not the extraordinary power to circumvent that law or indeed set the regulation that best suits them . 
  it seems to me you choose to read into my stance the bias you already have . 
   as to whether `` the people '' are a better judge of such matters - to be honest , having been through several referendums in recent years , i 'd have to say that they 're absolutely not . 
  they 're actually far more open to being swayed by pr and lobbying than political bodies . 
  that is probably the case . 
  so we should entrust our lawmaking to corporations , that is the solution ? 
  or should we go the other way and try to educate the public and sanitize politics by regulating pr and eliminating lobbying and corruption instead ? 
  i believe the latter , and the only way to do that is through transparency . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm even arguing this point , to be entirely honest with you . 
  that way ends up being way more time-consuming . 
  being presented with a final version , take it or leave it , makes the process of changing it very much harder . 
  what if you are opposed to certain chapters of it ? 
  do you propose a change ? 
  wait for the proposal to go up the chain , and then wait for another final version to be worked out ? 
  you do n't have to let the thousands of voices in the technical debate . 
  but release the documents so that they can be studied and a consensus reached on each of the main chapters so that everyone knows where they are standing . 
  the organic , transparent way of reaching the final version is much better for the people . 
  much like the way parliamentary debates take place , and why it 's very important to have them in the open . 
  unless of course your real aim is to present parliaments with a final version that will have to be admitted , warts and all , even if the people do n't like parts of it . 
  too late to change anything , and tough luck !, 
  obviously . 
  how much easier would it be to have this conversation , and to voice our respective opinions , if we had access to all the documents under discussion ? 
  transparency is important . 
  i did n't say that profit expectations are expropriation , but that profit expectations and investments made that have n't resulted in returns for the company will be considered expropriation . 
  as for sources , i 've just been paying attention to all the leaks that have come forth so far and the tpp text , which is really considered by the us the working model of the ttip . 
  here 's some sources . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/oct/23/ttip-eu-negotiators-appear-to-break-environmental-pledge-in-leaked-draft http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/september/tradoc_153807.pdf https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/2484986/286658269-eu-sd-proposal-ttip.pdf https://wikileaks.org/tpp-final/, 
   a review of isds case outcomes shows this . 
  it means that if policy changes are made for the public good ( or on the basis of other legal requirements ) companies wo n't win cases on foot of those policy changes . 
  it depends on the particulars of each treaty and how it is implemented . 
  in nafta , the waiving of the ( much-necessary , in my opinion ) requirement that investor companies exhaust local remedies before filing an isd claim has led to an explosion of such claims in the last 20 years to the extent that rates of regulatory measures have substantially slowed for fear of legal reprisal , and that is a well-documented fact . 
  for this ( and a few other ) reason you will allow me to be skeptical . 
  if these requirements like the one above were preserved , if the right of reciprocity were granted to states so they bring forward claims against companies under the same isd stipulations for unfair practices , if the proceedings were as transparent as any other legal case ( which it frequently is n't seeing that isds have extra confidentiality requirements and i do n't hold much hope for the ttip either given its general secrecy ) and if the arbitration authority was a newly-formed , representative body from all parties to the treaty and not some group that is not-so-secretly best pals with said corporations , then i would view it in a much more favorable light . 
  but a necessary condition for achieving any or all these is to have transparent negotiations and mechanisms open to the public so that i may voice these concerns and see that they are being taken into account . 
  being presented with a final package to vote on at the end is not a good option for exactly those reasons , and also because * i * wo n't get to vote on it , but a body of people who are regularly influenced by lobbying or are outright corrupt . 
  a yes/no vote is n't good enough , and transparency is a necessary component of the democracy this treaty claims to serve . 
  that 's not at all what the treaty contains . 
  there are already laws ensuring fairness in most eu countries . 
  what it would enable is , for example , us energy companies suing countries for passing coal regulations ( or say anti-fracking regulations ) , or tobacco companies suing companies for passing anti-smoking laws , only because it would hurt their profit expectations ( `` expropriation '' ) . 
  that kind of legislation is not unfair to these companies ; what 's more , it is those countries ' mandate as the only sovereign authority to pass legislation for the benefit of the country and constituents that have put them in power and whose interests they represent . 
  what is really unfair is to be able to threaten sovereign states with protracted legal action with an uncertain end in order to achieve favorable legislation which is to the detriment of the environment , public health , and so on . 
  and before you say that this kind of scenario wo n't necessarily happen , it has already happened in other trade treaties where isds are in place . 
  for example nafta . 
  it has lead to either big corporate payouts from the public purse or a complete standstill in regulations for fear of legal retribution . 
  something that has generated lots of concern ( at least in the uk ) is health services , which are included in ttip negotiations . 
  this means , for one example , that they could be opened to legal action under the new investor-state dispute settlement ( isds ) rules that ttip aims to introduce between the eu and usa . 
  what this means is , that us corporations would be able to bypass domestic courts and challenge health policy decisions before ad hoc arbitration tribunals , and to sue countries for hundreds of millions of dollars in `` damages '' as a result of future policy changes that might affect their bottom line . 
  i personally do n't want any of that . 
   er , no , they very much do n't . 
  the problem being that corporations do n't play by the rules , because they have other avenues of influencing the content of this treaty . 
  you are fooling yourself if you think that a treaty which stipulates that corporations would be able to influence decision-making if it goes against their interest is n't essentially written by big business . 
  lobbyists have even put forward entire pieces of legislation submitted by their sponsored politicians in the past in the us , the ustr ( the agency responsible for ttip negotiations ) being an egregious example of favoritism and corruption , and their eu equivalents are no fonts of purity either . 
  however , even if they were only adhering to `` consultative meetings '' , they still get the lion 's share :  between january 2012 and february 2014 , as ttip discussions began , the commission 's trade department ( dg trade ) had 597 behind-closed-door meetings with lobbyists to discuss the negotiations , according to internal commission files obtained by research group corporate europe observatory ( ceo ) . 
    there were 528 meetings ( 88 per cent ) with business lobbyists while only 53 ( 9 per cent ) were with groups such as trade unions and ngos . 
  the remainder were with other parties such as public institutions and academics . 
  enough leaks have come to light to almost ensure the final product will be nothing good for the interests of the people . 
  there is a reason the democratic process is transparent , and not of the kind `` wait for final product/take it or leave it '' . 
  especially since corporations seem to have all the transparency they could ever want at their disposal so they can influence that `` final product '' . 
  for one example of said leaks , here 's a bbc leak from about a year ago . 
  what kind of mare nostrum will we have without north africa ? 
  absolute nonsense . 
  diffusing the refugee problem so that greece is n't overrun is n't `` fucking over '' everyone else . 
  we are talking a few thousand per country - which is nothing - instead of concentrating hundreds of thousands in a single country , which is a big problem for that country . 
  sounds like maybe we should get annexed too, 
  ahahah that is precious . 
  from haplogroup spread charts that i 've read , greeks and italians ( southern italians at least ) are basically genetically identical and have been for quite some time , which means they share most of the dna of their ancient ancestors , so the biological connection is definitively there . 
  [ start here for some `` light '' reading . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/y-dna_haplogroups_in_european_populations ) not quite sure about the cultural but again about the linguistic , given that alexander 's conquest made possible the spread of koine greek all over the eastern med which is the ancient greek taught in today 's greek schools , i 'd say the linguistic connection has some merit as well . 
  koine became the middle greek of byzantium which is the direct precursor of modern greek . 
  italy did no such thing . 
  greece is actually doing a good job with the amount of refugees they get via sea crossings . 
  if you buy what orban says you 're completely deluded . 
  greeks have quite a lot in common with italians and spanish , actually . 
  whenever i 'm with greeks i feel like they are italians who speak a different language right down to the way they dress . 
  it 's very hard to have a common tax framework when you do n't have fiscal integration unfortunately . 
  well , not at all from what i 've seen . 
  it 's going to go through the american congress no matter what , heavy lobbying ensures that no matter how many people protest it and oppose it , their parliamentary representatives wo n't do anything to represent that opposition . 
  i share your enthusiasm about this , but it 's no guarantee that anything will come of it . 
  not to mention that it 's the tip of the tip of the iceberg , unfortunately , and i do n't see a lot of signs that it will change very soon .
