  it could have otherwise , but now there can reasonably be a re-negotiation and a grace period extended . 
  it would be difficult to pay any kind of bond while being in arrears to the imf . 
  the imf could step in and claim their primacy . 
   who just a week prior tried / hoped to stir a global financial crisis say what ? 
  i agree , and i resent that extremely . 
  condescendingly talking as if your political choices are wrong and your voice somehow should not be heard . 
  and what 's infinitely worse , and a greater hypocrisy : condemning the greeks for voting the same corrupt parties in power that created this whole mess , but when the greeks finally vote them out of power , they 've suddenly voted for populists and extremists , just because it happens to be a party you do n't agree with politically . 
   there was a hastag on twitter #thisisacoup which i found ridiculous . 
   there were serious concerns whether or not this government would have the backing and the support and the commitment as well as the seriousness to turn 180 degrees and work with the eu and the imf after everything which has happened in the past 6 months . 
  it was really quite clear at the beginning of the meeting it was the strategy of the german delegation to force such repugnant terms on the greeks that it would either cause them to reject them outright and cause a grexit ( with less of the blame attached ) or force a change of government if they agreed to them and took them back to greece . 
  many commentators saw that kind of intent behind the initial proposals . 
  fortunately calmer heads prevailed . 
  in my opinion , talking about lack of trust is really seeing only one side here . 
  from the point of view of greeks , they obviously ca n't trust the projections of the imf and europe , which have been revised time and time again and whose recipe for dealing with the crisis has resulted in a depression in greece . 
  they just wanted to institute more of the measures that had led greece to this situation . 
  the greeks may not have gone the right way about it - and really you can only tell in post-mortems - but the essence of their proposals was sound : a new strategy is required to get out of this crisis . 
  they did n't really get it , despite hollande and merkel 's commitment that the maturity of current debts will be extended . 
   imo , it was totally understandable that the eurogroup would put extreme proposals on the table . 
  i ca n't help but disagree . 
  if the issue was `` trust '' , like you say , they hardly set themselves up as a paragons . 
  that 's an extremely narrow view of the situation . 
  it implies only some parties , of your choosing , are legitimate and the rest are `` populists and extremists '' , and the former should be free to chastise the latter . 
  i 'd say get off your high horse , but seeing what is going on lately i would n't have much hope of that . 
  it does matter . 
  i object to the legitimization of fringe rhetoric by saying `` that 's what most ez citizens want anyway '' and then producing nothing to back it up . 
  if it 's just the yellow press slogans , there 's even more reason to be opposed to them being presented as majority , policy-forming opinion . 
  so you do n't have any actual support for saying `` most of ez citizens '' is for grexit ? 
  if you really think a grexit is for the best - it might be , who knows - then do it properly . 
  propose it to greece and the rest of europe , help them transition back to a sovereign currency , work to make a legal framework . 
  give other countries the option at the same time . 
  not this shameful , double-handed demanding they institute unconstitutional reforms and cede their sovereignty so that they have no choice but to reject the repugnant , ignoble terms and are then left adrift . 
  it looks like you are trying to carry out a coup , it really does . 
  this is beyond shameful . 
  it 's unacceptable , undemocratic . 
  i hoped such things would never happen in my europe . 
  the eurozone is a free trading zone . 
  you know what this means , i assume ? 
  also the common currency is a great help to exporting nations . 
  if i were an exporter , i 'd try above all to have a common currency with those that i export to so that i would n't have to experience the normalizing effect of foreign exchange . 
  amen to all those things . 
  where are these drastic changes he demanded ? 
  what kind are they ? 
  find me a link . 
  so the counter-proposal , instead of pointing these things out , and you know , having an actual negotiation , is to say `` oh , i know , let 's dissolve the eurozone for 5 years . 
  that will make things more stable . '', 
  if it 's true , then it 's idiotic and ridiculous . 
  they should n't take this proposal of his seriously , at least . 
  it is probably just a way to apply pressure . 
  but in my opinion it 's a vile and ignoble way to do it . 
  it shows he never considered the syriza proposals in any serious way , he just wants to bank on short-term domestic political sentiment at the expense of greece and the rest of europe perhaps , even when they have submitted more than fair terms for consideration . 
  in my opinion , if the eu can demand that varoufakis resigns , the next step should be to demand that schauble does so as well . 
  a reasonable and conciliating voice is required , and schauble 's is neither . 
  this narrative about greek defaults is entirely exaggerated and is taken from the book of kenneth rogoff , who is a proponent of austerity and whose paper supporting austerity [ was later found ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/growth_in_a_time_of_debt ) to contain methodological flaws and intentional data omissions , which when corrected was found to reach the opposite conclusion . 
  last time greece defaulted was in the wake of the great depression , in 1932 . 
  from your link ,  just for the record , greek defaults on external debts were in 1826 ( which is pretty good going really , as the country only became independent in 1829 ) , 1843 , 1860 , 1893 , 1932 . 
  i guess this is part of isis declaration of war on italy ? 
  it 's useful but annoying . 
  i always have to also look up what ipa symbols actually mean !, 
  this report you linked is , on the whole , pretty favorable to greece in terms of monitoring their reform rate . 
   greece has made delayed , but eventually substantive progress since the last review completed in july 2013 . 
  building on the impressive fiscal consolidation effort in recent years , greece has exceeded its fiscal target in 2013 , as a primary surplus in programme terms has been recorded . 
  on the back of several measures taken recently to assure achievement of its fiscal target for 2014 , the scope was created for temporary support to the socially most vulnerable . 
  [ . . ] reforms continue in the areas of the revenue administration , taxation , public financial management , privatisation , public administration , health care , pensions , social welfare , education and the fight against corruption . 
  [ . . ] key structural reforms in the areas of product markets and business environment have been recently undertaken or are now being taken by the authorities to increase competition and reduce administrative burden . 
  still very sizeable challenges remain in many areas . 
  nevertheless , the amount and ambition of measures implemented since the previous review completed in july 2013 as well as of the new concrete commitments enshrined in the updated programme are significant . 
  who would n't ? 
  but the situation is n't as good as one or two economic indicators would imply on the face of it . 
  inflation vs. 
  recession is a choice that the us has made many times in favor of the former , most recently in the 2008 crisis . 
  because inflation is self-adjusting much more than a recession and millions of businesses closing , people having their homes foreclosed and loans defaulted . 
  in fact it 's a choice every sovereign currency nation will almost always make ( and greece obviously ca n't ) . 
  i can not for the life of me understand how those things you mention - posturing , leaking , accusing , et cetera - would possibly be solved by less transparency ( which is n't possible , since now we have about zero transparency ) instead of more . 
  the very reason those things are possible in the first place is that no one can distinguish factual , truthful accounts from a negotiating party 's own fiction told for its own purposes , we have no records , no minutes to compare when one minister says black and another ministers says white . 
  so in that sense i guess we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
   negociations are either transparent or successfull , i think that 's the part which is our responsibility , as eu citizens , to challenge . 
  not everything needs to be recorded and published immediately . 
  but more transparency is absolutely necessary . 
  because if not then the side which can make the biggest threat will always win in these negotiations - and that 's not concordant with the interests of the people of the eu . 
   [ . . ] but it 's not necessarily recorded , there are no minutes taken . 
  he was taping , others too . 
  why ? 
  because there are no minutes taken . 
  so there is nothing formal . 
   you ca n't say `` i went to the eurogroup and italy said that , cyprus said that '' et cetera . 
  so everybody can come out and say anything they like . 
  no-one can say : `` are you sure you said that ? 
  let 's look at the minutes '' . 
  there are no minutes . 
  of course , nobody can come out with a tape recorder . 
  varoufakis said that of course he kept the minutes of his own , because he was to report to the prime minister , and ** the others do it too . 
  ** i expect everyone does it . 
  take notes , record with their phones . 
  you ca n't possibly remember everything that has been said when there are representatives of so many countries in a meeting room , each with different opinions , ideas , solutions , proposals . 
  to single him out for doing it is very hypocritical and misleading . 
  transparency is important . 
  all these economic decisions that will impact our lives are being discussed behind closed doors , with no measure of transparency . 
  there is no accountability , nothing . 
  one side says varoufakis is at fault , the other is saying dijsselbloem makes threats . 
  who knows what was said ?
