agreed , rome is amazing . 
  the things you see in paris are old , the things you see in rome are , literally , ancient . 
  even then , there are a lot less fat people in europe , and especially in france . 
  in europe the thinnest countries are actually the nordics and france just after . 
  i said the indian rafale contract was crucial ( to the french defence industry and by extension the french military ) , not the mistral contract . 
  dude , a 5 billion dent in our defence budget would have absolutely devastating consequences . 
  i was talking about arms sales , not business in general . 
  you 're right , that was n't very clear . 
  it sends the message that france 's word is n't final , that 's all . 
  the rafale deal is absolutely crucial . 
  dassault has lost a lot of markets already , if this one does n't work ( thankfully the whole thing is very close to being finished ) the consequences will be significant for the french military . 
  they 're ridiculously cash-strapped at the moment , and if dassault ca n't sell the rafales to india the french government will have to step up to keep the production steady , which will require drastically reducing defence spending in other areas . 
  hopefully that wo n't happen !, 
  if you want my opinion i think it 's ridiculous we 're not spending more on defence with the current situation . 
  i imagine it would be cheaper to convert the ships , yes . 
  perhaps that 's what will happen , who knows ? 
  it seems a little far-fetched is all . 
  i think it 's a lot more likely that if putin backs down the delivery will resume as planned , we need the money one way or another . 
  it was , indeed , a huge mistake to sell these to russia in the first place . 
  yeah , absolutely no one is going to buy them . 
  they 've been built to accomodate russian communications systems and so on , so converting them to sell them to , for example , canada ( as they 've shown interest in the design ) would probably be too expensive . 
  and selling them to the eu or nato as some people have suggested is beyond ridiculous . 
  this deal was a nest of snakes from the get go , we ca n't sell them unless russia changes their international stance on pretty much everything , but at the same time we ca n't afford to lose the 1.7 million dollars and it would send a damning message to everyone we 're trying to do business with . 
  i 'm glad we 're not delivering the ships for the time being , but if this means the indian rafale deal goes belly up i 'll be pissed . 
  why would you be a nuisance ? 
  tourists are * allowed * , you know !, 
  \\ ^ ^ only advice i 'd give is to talk more quietly . 
  what americans would consider whispering is normal volume in europe ( and that 's barely exagerating ) . 
  these shirts make me laugh . 
  gee , thanks for joining in in 1917 !, 
  anyone can learn to say `` hello '' , `` please '' and `` thank you '' in any language . 
  it 's not much , but it 's good enough . 
  yeah , i 'm not disputing that he may have been shortsighted if not foolish towards the end ( myopic , as you said ) . 
  but as far as ideas and internal policies go , he was nowhere near reactionary . 
  many of his contemporaries in france and in europe were still men of the xviiith century ( at least ideologically ) , he very much was n't . 
  i do n't see how he was reactionnary . 
  yes , he crowned himself emperor and basically tried to start a new monarchy , but that 's all facade . 
  beneath all that , his code of law , his treatment of jewish people , his anti-feudalism and belief in meritocracy , his tolerance of other religions made him infinitely more modern than his enemies , especially austria-hungary and russia . 
  maybe not more modern than britain , though , as the article says . 
  we do ? 
  best town name ever . 
  i ca n't even say it in my head without picturing a fur trader doing the jazz hands . 
  probably very precious materials . 
  extremely high end watches are expensive because of the craftsmanship alone , but bar a few exceptions not 800 grand expensive . 
  unless there are diamonds on the case or it 's made of titanium or something like that . 
  posh names in france are not double-barreled , they have particles . 
  this guy 's parents probably wanted to keep both their names , or they got a divorce and he uses both . 
  for the average person it hardly changes anything . 
  that is operation sentinelle , it is independent from the state of emergency . 
  it 's actually because the civilian fire brigade of paris used to suck , and when the austrian embassy burned down during the reign of napoleon i ( when he was married to marie-louise , so the austrian embassy was his father-in-law 's ) he decided to give the job to the army . 
  nowadays the paris brigade is the biggest in europe with more than 8000 members . 
  the marseille brigade is also military , but part of the navy . 
  the paris fire brigade is part of the army . 
  the french revolution and the french army are inextricably linked . 
  the storming of the bastille was done in part with the help of the gardes fran\u00e7aises who had joined the mob . 
  the first republic was very warlike and introduced the concept of the people in arms . 
  yes , because it would influence first round votes . 
  `` so-and-so has no chance to reach the second round but the polls say he 'd win if he did , so i 'll vote for him '' . 
  and the austrian empire , famous for * fuck all * !, 
  all it did was slowly collapse , like a flan in a cupboard . 
  edit : well apparently old eddie izzard jokes are still too touchy for austrians . 
  it 's absolutely a citro\u00ebn dyane , the shape is instantly recognizable . 
  very likely as well . 
  it 's facing downhill . 
  clearly it was bought at the top of the village in 1980 and has been slowly making its way downwards since . 
  oh right . 
  then i have no clue . 
  people who vote for her out of spite but do n't actually want her to win . 
  it could n't be more in it , it 's on the \u00cele de la cit\u00e9 , a few hundred meters from notre-dame . 
  indeed it is , since pretty much the entire population of paris is muslim now , the grand mosque of notre-dame was n't big enough for the state-mandated friday prayer . 
  it 's wikileaks * and * russia , not wikileaks or russia . 
  in the roman period perhaps , but there was no slavery in medieval france . 
  serfdom did involve performing forced labour for your lord in addition to farmwork but on a occasional basis only ( such as road construction ) . 
  press release says psa will honor the deals in place to provide opel cars to buick and holden . 
  after that nothing is certain . 
  so far the joint psa-opel projects have used psa technology , platforms and engines , not the other way around . 
  that was plan b for opel in case they could n't make the sale to psa work . 
  there 's no indication that psa will make opel all electric at least in the near future . 
  vauxhall is not just a badge , it 's also two factories in the uk . 
  the purchase therefore also involves social and political stakes in the uk . 
  they would n't have `` relocated back '' to france , most of them had never been there . 
  north african jews had been living there since being explused from spain after the reconquista ( sephardic literally means from spain ) . 
  oddly enough , beheading was reserved to noblemen in ancien r\u00e9gime france . 
  christians do n't believe that . 
  in catholicism , at least , there is no notion whatsoever that people who were beheaded , quartered or , god forbid , eaten , would have a harder time to enter heaven . 
  catholics do n't believe they will enter heaven with their body as it literally is in this world : for a start that would mean everyone but the people alive during the apocalypse would enter heaven as a bit of a dust . 
  well , til * coke en stock * is the read sea sharks in english . 
  he writes an article at the end of tintin in america . 
  through mindless violence and substance abuse . 
  brel was a french singer . 
  bit earlier than that do n't you think ? 
  phylloxera was in the 19th century . 
  but the point still stands . 
  and if it was n't for us you 'd still be austrian . 
  in that case yes , i suppose being in france in the immediate aftermath of the attacks must not have been the best experience for tourists . 
  then again , people had other things on their minds back then , and things went back to normal fairly quickly . 
  what lockdown ? 
  is there a curfew or something ? 
  is every place of interest closed ? 
  we are n't in lockdown .
