  trash mags are not reliable sources of information . 
  the clue is in the name . 
  submarine ? 
  but they 're not official either . 
  hey , it 's just good customer service . 
  saint-nazaire is mainly a civil shipyard though . 
  it is profitable because the cruise market is doing well . 
  it 's only considered strategic because a few times a decade , large military vessels like aircraft carriers , helicopter carriers or replenishment ships need to be built for the french navy . 
  that explains why dcns is not to keen on taking it over , they have no business building cruise ships for years at a time between big military projects . 
  i do n't know how it is in england , but in france almost all private schools are catholic . 
  if you want your kid to go to a private school , chances are it 'll be a catholic one . 
  there are plenty of atheists , muslims and jewish people in french private catholic schools . 
  well except teenage pregnancy rates , evidently . 
  you have to acknowledge her qualities , she is very loyal . 
  too bad it 's towards the foreign power financing her and not our country . 
  last time there was a guillotine-happy revolution , the bourgeoisie were the ones doing the head-cutting . 
  that speech is still hilarious today . 
  probably de gaulle 's best prank . 
  what a guy . 
  the only interesting thing about him is his dress sense . 
  probably the only major french politician in ages to wear a pin collar . 
  to be fair the 49-3 is a among the tools at the disposal of the pm as planned by the constitution , and perfectly legal . 
  that first article is also dramatising things a bit , using the 49-3 has happened a fair few times in the last decades . 
  depends who wins . 
  i think it would make sense for montebourg or hamon to make a deal with m\u00e9lechon , as they are the left of the ps and as such not very far from him politically . 
  i agree with you , however zemmour was indeed born in france and the situation is a little bit different with plac\u00e9 ( as well as fleur pellerin for that matter ) : they were both adopted , they were not immigrants . 
  he 's the foreign minister . 
  he does n't seem to have any presidential ambitions . 
  that is sort of what it was designed to do when it was created , though : provide the country with a new elite based on academic merit rather than birth . 
  our food does not lend itself well to fast-food adaptations . 
  french food is still everywhere in restaurants and on the family table , no worries to be had . 
  well he 'd have to be a saint for starters . 
  turned france into a prestigious and powerful nation but also maintained it in a state of quasi permanent war . 
  you mean aix-la-chapelle , surely . 
  they do seem to love dordogne in particular . 
  i think one of them got fired . 
  have you not seen * legally blonde * ? 
  spain : the billboards on the side of the motorways are gigantic . 
  you seem to have looser rules on that stuff . 
  probably because the work is done , the languages are already dead . 
  franco-provencal ( or arpitan ) is not a dialect of occitan . 
  french police does n't have helicopters , they use those of the gendarmerie . 
  what is also missing if we wanted to include all aircraft of the interior ministry is the civil security . 
  or they under the impression that entrepreneurs are forbidden to work more than 35 hours or something ? 
  it 's unusual . 
  but it 's not like it has n't happened before . 
  and yet it can be argued , and indeed it has been by many historians , that he did more for the spread of revolutionary ideals throughout europe than any other in his time . 
  certainly the figureheads of the supposedly democratic french first republic were no less guilty of hypocrisy than him . 
  it 's totally anachronistic to throw the term dictator around in the context of the early xixth century . 
  he was an autocrat like a lot of european leaders at the time . 
  men traditionally do n't have engagement rings in france , just wedding rings . 
  women wear both but on the same finger . 
  no weirder than bismarck being appreciated in germany and reviled here . 
  all these people have several sides and the bad ones tend to be overlooked when they did something good for your country , and the good sides count for nothing when they invaded and occupied you . 
  as was said in ( i believe ) a perry bible fellowship comic , `` good king wenceslas murdered my people '' . 
  i had n't even noticed those on the right !, 
  all ranks and distinctions within the order can be granted to foreigners ( except grand master of course since there 's only one ) , but they 're technically not admitted into the order . 
  they still get the medal and in practice it makes little difference . 
  nothing being innocent in those pictures ( notice the rooster and the clock ) , do we know what the open book is ? 
  miterrand was photographed reading , if i remember correctly , the memoirs of michel de montaigne , and sarkozy had a biography of napoleon displayed so unsubtly behind him it was hilarious . 
  i think pompidou had his hand on several books as well , unless that was de gaulle . 
  what do we think for macron ? 
  it 's the difference between de facto and de jure , which is not insignificant . 
  italy 's looks like a glorified heineken logo . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  french republicans had been using these roman symbols for ages before the fascists did . 
  the entire government has resigned on monday after the legislative elections as per tradition . 
  the new one will be announced this afternoon , and was expected to be largely identical . 
  evidently macron has decided to take the opportunity to get rid of the three modem ministers , plagued as they are by scandal , since he does n't need the 44 modem deputies to have a majority in the assembly . 
  it 's used by the government , among several other emblems , but it 's not officially recognised or codified in any text as the coat of arms of the french republic . 
  they do n't have an official status however . 
  technically the french republic does n't have a coat of arms . 
  hardly half , four . 
  bad example then . 
  your french history is a bit rusty dude . 
  the bourbons lost the throne in 1830 , not 1905 . 
  that coat of arms for france makes no sense . 
  it 's the arms of the monarchy and the tricolore is the flag of the republic . 
  that would be like putting the spanish royal coat of arms on the red-yellow-purple flag . 
  yeah they 've uberised it essentially . 
  it 's awful . 
  it 's not the chronopost guys who deliver my amazon prime stuff in paris . 
  they 're always in a rush and do n't say much but they 're a lot better at actually delivering stuff . 
  i 've been getting more and more of that with la poste ( chronopost ) . 
  they just do n't give a shit anymore . 
  they call you and ca n't articulate two words to save their lives , say they 're leaving a note in your mailbox but never do , refuse to put small parcels under the doormat , or they leave the parcel god knows where ( a neighbour , the bar downstairs ... ) , declare it delivered on the website without telling you where it is , and you have to get on the phone with the call center to track it down . 
  i 'm astonished we finished second in this ranking . 
  i still think it 's worth it . 
  consider going in the off-season if you can , it 'll be less crowded but it wo n't be less of a freaking abbey on a giant rock in the middle of the sea . 
  also , my advice would be to go straight to the top at first . 
  do n't stop for any of the touristy shops , expensive restaurants and laughably historically innacurate `` museums '' . 
  just enjoy walking up the streets , maybe stop for the gardens , but go to the abbey first , and especially the cloister . 
  it 's the real party piece and the place that does feel magical , suspended between the earth and the sky . 
  i believe more than half of visitors do n't even go all the way , which entirely defeats the purpose of coming there in the first place . 
  you can always visit the shops on the way down . 
  counting the incumbents ? 
  it is still technically a real village , with a mayor and all , but most of the inhabitants are shop owners and have other homes on the mainland . 
  of which he exhibits hardly any of the traits . 
  senate is elected indirectly by a whole bunch of local officials ( mayors , municipal , departmental and regional councillors ... ) . 
  i believe it is renewed by thirds every three years or something like that .
