  it 's usually a tad bit more conservative than the assembly . 
  more like two years . 
  do n't think of it as one national election where lrem gets 30 % . 
  it 's 577 different local elections . 
  lrem will advance to the second round in most constituencies and probably win , therefore securing the seat . 
  hence the majority . 
  yeah , it 's never been an anglo-american order . 
  it 's been an american order , britain has just been riding the coattails . 
  to answer your rethorical question , yes , many people think it 's wrong if the man is the younger one . 
  because alphas got ta dominate , amirite ? 
  depends on the colony really , there were several systems . 
  in the past local populations of the colonies were not citizens . 
  the literal one ? 
  you mean the fish ? 
  nope . 
  come on ... trump had promised to exit the paris agreement . 
  he had already put in place policies that voided the promises made by the us anyway . 
  the writing was on the wall , blaming it on macron 's handshake is ridiculous and absolves trump of what is his decision only . 
  under the third and fourth republics it was exceptional for governments to last years . 
  dozens lasted weeks or days . 
  it was ungovernable . 
  good thing our president 20 years ago spoke horrible english then !, 
  * this is not a method , this is a provocation !, 
  do you want me to go back to my plane and go back to france ? 
  probably because they made themselves so unpopular in the last 5 years , more like . 
  praise be !, 
  we just had a little 80-year break , and now we 're back !, 
  go forbid we spend money leaving a habitable planet for our children !, 
  sure why not . 
  were you being sarcastic or do you really expect europeans to recoil at the very idea of taxes ? 
  what are taxes for if not allowing the state to invest where i matters ? 
  fair enough !, 
  i 'm only speaking for us french but i have never , ever heard the american stereotype about your bad teeth here before learning it from americans on the internet . 
  trust me , we have enough other stereotypes about you dating from way before wwii . 
  we 're also familiar with left-overs stereotypes from wwii gis ourselves ( we do n't wash , our women do n't shave ... ) . 
  the only tooth-related joke we say about you is that british women are so bucktoothed they can eat an apple though a tennis racket , but that 's not the same as americans saying you have dirty or missing teeth . 
  also , you 're europeans as well . 
  just like cricket and rugby . 
  what ? 
  why on earth would you want to do that ? 
  it would make everything look brand new !, 
  i bow down before the superiority of your comedy . 
  resistance in that respect is futile . 
  we do both . 
  there 's been other dixmudes in the french navy before , including an airship !, 
  a zeppelin given by germany after wwi as war reparations . 
  i think it was supposed to be a jewel as well but they changed it . 
  i believe all scientific vessels of the french navy are traditionally painted white . 
  see also dupuy de l\u00f4me and lap\u00e9rouse . 
  i have been told as much , in any case . 
  your women are horse-toothed and your men treacherous . 
  also your father smelt of elderberries , but you already knew that . 
  it 's not specifically related to those two , but they 're examples of other occurrences of the words . 
  in french there are very real , not at all comical historical people called ivan le terrible ( czar or russia ) and charles le t\u00e9m\u00e9raire ( duke of burgundy ) . 
  i do n't know if there is something lost in translation but i do n't see what 's comical about calling a ship t\u00e9m\u00e9raire for example . 
  oh my god , karen ... 
  no tourist shops in the abbey at the mont saint-michel , though , which is the best part of it all . 
  shame people do n't even go that far . 
  just because republicans are in line with macron 's ideas does n't mean they will vote for them . 
  parliamentary politics are too dependent on party lines in france . 
  the labour laws passed under hollande were perfectly in line with the economic ideas of the republicans but they voted against just because . 
  yay , let 's have full proportional elections and a completely ungovernable country with 5 different parties in parliament who ca n't agree on anything . 
  it 's working great for the netherlands at the moment . 
  i 'm not against some level of proportional representation but you also have to strive for a clear majority in order to get anything done . 
  legislative elections are not about the overall vote share however , they are about the number of seats you end up having . 
  so just `` dear '' then ? 
  kouchner was very famous . 
  yeah because no two german and french leaders have ever taken such a photo before . 
  remember mitterrand and kohl literally holding hands ? 
  i do n't think it needs to be subtle to work . 
  the first one is better , watch both !, 
  what ? 
  literally not a single word of that applies to normandy . 
  you 're describing the north of france , like nord-pas-de-calais and picardy . 
  he did n't say it necessarily was in france , he said the way the government works turned it into a partisan issue . 
  the law was proposed by the left-wing government , so the opposition party voted against as they do all the government 's laws without much question . 
  i think it was the second documentary aired after his victory , so not * les coulisses d'une victoire * but the * envoy\u00e9 sp\u00e9cial * episode . 
  le havre is in normandy , not in what we call `` the north '' . 
  he pretty much laid out the strategy on camera during a prime-time documentary last week . 
  so yeah it 's a fairly well stated goal of his :-), 
  classic american `` let me tell you about your country '' behaviour . 
  you mean our rockets , 
  good thing this is n't / r/picturesofeurope then . 
  the ariane program , the kourou space center and the european space agency are relevant to european scientific and economic interests . 
  therefore , this post belongs here . 
  `` fuck you , paradise ! '', 
  * ahahaha * \\* wheeze \\*, 
  to be fair , that 's true of almost all place names everywhere for all of time . 
  place names do n't just pop into existence . 
  thank god we do n't , it 's so undemocratic . 
  you have to be joking . 
  the ears . 
  the nose . 
  the general 's uniform . 
  was that no enough for you ? 
  indeed but it 's not exactly the same throne , if you will . 
  yes certainly !, 
  louis xx , he 's a member of the spanish royal family . 
  charles x died without heir , but going back to philip of spain , the son ( or grandson , ca n't remember ) of louis xiv and from whom the spanish kings are descended , you get louis xx . 
  philip actually renounced his claim to the french throne when taking the spanish one , but the french rules of accession do n't give a shit what the royals think of them and state that philip 's renunciation is essentially void .
