  how ? 
  he could have said no . 
  tell your government to withdraw from the treaty and then we talk about sovereignty of akrotiri and dhekelia . 
  akrotiri and dhekelia are not part of part of the republic of cyprus . 
  and the violent option would only happen if cyprus attempted to take the areas by force . 
  the uk 's ownership of the territories is legal . 
  the uk is the rightful owner of akrotiri and dhekelia . 
  i know that annoys you but you will have to accept it . 
  and which ruler are you talking about ? 
  the uk wo n't cede the areas unless we choose to or are forced to . 
  no , it did n't . 
  and britain could still hold the areas even if cyprus was unified . 
  the former leader of your country singed the treaty which granted the uk sovereignty of the areas . 
  the cypriot government has n't withdrawn from the treaty . 
  no , it did n't . 
  and the issue between the greek cypriots and the turkish cypriots is not the main reason we have those areas . 
  it 's because they 're of strategic importance to us . 
  his was focused on attempting to achieve enosis with greece . 
  the uk has no attention of ceding all of the areas to cyprus . 
  and do n't bring up the falklands unless you know the history of the islands . 
  and you do n't need to remind me that we do n't have an empire anymore . 
  most brits do n't give a fuck anymore . 
  the uk did n't force you to give us those areas . 
  your leader could have said no . 
  he did n't . 
  the cypriots should be focusing on solving the main issue on their island . 
  the uk retained the areas , under the 1960 treaty of independence . 
  the treaty was agreed and signed by representatives from the greek and turkish cypriot communities . 
  you 're more than welcome to try to take the areas from us . 
  they 're from poland , you idiot . 
  place your cursor over their flair . 
  makarios iii agreed and signed the treaty which granted britain sovereignty over the areas . 
  it 's our land . 
  cypriots ' . 
  cypriot 's implies only one person . 
  akrotiri and dhekelia is british territory . 
  therefore , the british government will use the bases for whatever purpose they wish . 
  it shows in the replies to the group 's tweet . 
  a person said that the result would be different if it were left to the people . 
  a google search would have told this person that the majority of the people in the uk are in favour of air strikes . 
  but that was obviously too hard for him to do . 
  better to stay ignorant . 
  another person called our politicians traitors . 
  they did n't betray most the british people . 
   if the uk wants to help people then it should accept syrian refugees and not close the border . 
  the uk is accepting syrian refugees and we have n't closed our border . 
  what are they talking about ? 
  bar and an interaction with several of sister in law 's relatives . 
  they were clearly being pricks because of what they were saying to me and the tone of their voice . 
  i did n't need to assume . 
  i do n't go around assuming that all irish people are pricks based on those experiences . 
  i do n't need to assume that they 're a cunt . 
  i already know that they 're a cunt because of the language and tone they 're using . 
  i did not need to ask . 
  some do n't . 
  i 've come across irish people who do n't make the distinction . 
  they should blame the government and not all the english people . 
   irish prime minister enda kenny said tensions between ankara and moscow over the downing of the warplane were of `` enormous concern '' . 
  you know things are bad when enda kenny is expressing his concerns . 
  some people were just pointing out that many other peoples died in the soviet famine . 
  the kazakhs were most severely affected by it in terms of percentage of their population who died . 
  other people have taken issue with your title and i agree with them . 
  it was n't just russian communists who perpetrated the famine . 
  stalin was n't russian . 
  i know they made the decisions in russia but that 's no different to the uk . 
  the decisions during the irish famine were made in london . 
  non-english people still had a role in those decisions . 
  it 's just shit belgian humour . 
  at least they try . 
  it is . 
  they 're referring to the eu being based in brussels . 
  so the whole eu is belgium 's empire . 
  it 's actually germany 's and france 's empire . 
  and the uk does it 's own thing . 
  quiet , colonial . 
  shit if you 're a communist or an anarchist . 
  some of the irish blame the english because the majority of the population was english . 
  they 're not taking into account the indifference of the welsh to the suffering of the irish . 
  the welsh did n't like the irish who immigrated to their country . 
  the arrival of irish caused cardiff 's first race riot . 
  i suppose you consider the people who are saying that it was n't just ukrainians who suffered in the holodomor as `` russian deniers '' . 
  edit : you even tried to post this / r/todayilearned . 
  i doubt you learned about the holodomor today . 
  various ones across london . 
  there is n't a difference though . 
  all of those places are just as likely to be hit by a terrorist attack . 
  and a pub would be more tightly packed than a concert hall . 
  would you still go to a shopping center , pub , or walk around your city ? 
  i watched the first 4 seasons . 
  good show . 
  all i know about kentucky is that it has a city called louisville and i should never visit harlan county . 
  alternate wyoming is nebraska . 
  i could n't get that one either . 
  what is the purpose of its existence ? 
  missouri is the second one of the three . 
  [ i could n't get four of them . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mnivcsv.jpg ) i got louisiana and mississippi mixed up . 
  i can only see chechnya causing disintegration in russia . 
  and that 's unlikely as long as putin keeps kadyrov happy . 
  russia will not dissolve within the next 10 years .
