  greece does the same thing to you because you 're doing it to them . 
  i 'm sure there 's people on both sides who get some benefit from it but the number of airspace violations by greece would be decrease if turkey reduced their violations of greek airspace . 
  some of the airspace violations from 2013 - 2014 can be explained as accidents but the huge increase suggests turkey are doing it on purpose a lot of times . 
  and turkey keeps violating a fellow nato member 's borders . 
  that 's worse . 
  everyone expects russia to violate nato borders because they 're not an ally . 
  allies do n't violate eachother 's airspace . 
  what warranted that huge increase in airspace violations from 2013 - 2014 ? 
  you were doing well from 2010 - 2013 . 
  the number of airspace violations dropped by nearly 50 % . 
   britain rules the waves no more . 
  we 've heard that one lots of times already . 
   then you wonder why most cypriots are n't fond of the british . 
  we wo n't lose any sleep over it . 
  ask your government to bring up the issue with our government . 
   luisiana i hope that is a mistake . 
  i suppose . 
  i 'll give them another few days . 
  perhaps we should give them some help . 
  that was brilliant . 
  still some bitter people in the comments . 
  at least they 're having fun . 
  nope . 
  1766 was a long time ago . 
  you need to get over it now . 
   spare a thought for @filmusdaniel - out of a job tomorrow . 
  lol . 
  #falklands kelper banter . 
  we can have good relations if argentina recognises the falkland islanders ' right to self-determination . 
  the uk did send troops and equipment to mali . 
  the raf deployed two [ c17 globemaster iii planes ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-21004040 ) and a [ sentinel r1 surveillance aircraft ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-21200718 ) . 
  [ british troops ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-21955839 ) were deployed to mali but they were not involved in combat . 
  the uk did help france in mali . 
  they do n't have to have double housing . 
   this reminds me of another retarded law where a uk citizen has to earn 18000 + a year to bring a non-eu spouse to the uk . 
  it 's inhumane . 
  it 's not inhumane . 
  they should be able to afford to have their spouse live in the uk while she finds work . 
   funny because english is not even an official language in england . 
  so this rule would only apply to immigrants but not people born there ? 
  people born in the uk will learn english at school . 
  you could only apply this rule to british people who want to bring a foreign spouse to the uk . 
  you 're going to have to explain that one to me . 
  a lot . 
  and that 's just the country i was raised in . 
  i 'd be here for a long time if i mentioned all the crimes against humanity committed by my parent 's countries . 
  i 'm watching you . 
  people are always getting the pkk and the peshmerga mixed up . 
  you could n't study religion in history classes . 
  we already had lots to learn about in history . 
  they should retitle that petition to ` stop all immigration from islamic countries . ', 
  because they probably do n't care about the german or french person moving to the uk . 
   war is never a solution . 
  isis ca n't be dealt with diplomatically . 
   did said a year ago they saw no legal hurdle in attacking is in syria but now they do . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  a legal hurdle means there is a problem that must be overcome before doing something . 
  france does n't see any problems now . 
   let 's be realistic , supporting a designated `` terrorist organization '' just is n't practical . 
  we can support the peshmerga instead of the pkk . 
  do n't tell them that . 
  scared ? 
  i was n't scared in 2005 and i 'm not scared now . 
  same reason terrorists attacked the underground . 
  they want you to know that you 're not safe wherever you are . 
  we all know what that got them . 
  do n't be cheeky , frenchman . 
  was he paying attention at all when he visited ? 
  i 'm not overestimating the tourism she generates . 
  i have n't said anything about that . 
  i 'm just saying that i do n't think the uk will get more tourists if we abolished the monarchy and opened buckingham palace to the public full time . 
  people do n't just come to london to see buckingham palace . 
  and plenty of foreigners do care . 
  they use versailles as an example . 
  we could open up buckingham palace to tourists full time if the royals did n't live there . 
  i know but people often say we will get more tourists if we abolish the monarchy and i do n't think that would happen . 
  france has a lot more to offer to tourists . 
  they 've got the alps , the mediterranean coast , etc. 
  the uk does n't have anything like that . 
  we 're not going to have more tourists if we abolish the monarchy . 
  that 's absurd . 
  this is n't a low quality submission . 
  so what 's the answer ? 
  most of aer lingus was privately owned prior to being bought by iag . 
  i do n't think the irish government gave them any funding . 
  estonian air is different . 
  and ? 
  the plane could have come down over turkey or russia . 
  it would annoy a lot of people if this happened in heathrow . 
   politically it becomes more and more like asia tho how so ? 
   in time culture will align too there would have to be a very big cultural change for that to happen . 
  i do n't see that happening . 
  yes . 
  russia has a lot more in common culturally with other european countries than their asian neighbours . 
   i 'd push it so hard it would explode like metrojet flight 9268 . 
  why did you feel the need to say that ? 
  how many of those 40,000 were taken in by denmark legally ? 
  the uk already takes refugees from the camps . 
  cameron said we will take 20,000 syrian refugees by 2020 . 
  we are taking our share of refugees .
