  at least southend has a direct rail link to london . 
  dublin and glasgow . 
  luton is closer to central london . 
  i used t2 during the summer and i thought it was pretty good . 
  i 'm glad they 're getting rid of t1 . 
  that place was terrible . 
  you surely ca n't be saying that you do n't understand why people fly . 
  you 've already said the two main reasons . 
  heathrow ? 
  i was n't expecting that . 
  i often see people complaining about the airport . 
   the court found that bilemkhanov 's life would be in danger if he was deported to chechnya , but not to russia . 
  i 'd love throw something at the heads of the people who made that assumption . 
   the most recklessly binge-drinking region in france is brittany , the celtic region , and to me that comes from the irish influence of what it takes to be `` celtic '' , ie there 's `` british-isles '' influence . 
  are you saying that the irish 's relationship with alcohol is influencing the breton 's relationship with alcohol ? 
  i never said the soviets were the best possible alternative . 
  the best possible alternative was the soviets not existing . 
  i 'm saying that both the soviets and the nazis coexisting with eachother is a lot worse than just one of them existing . 
  i 'm not justifying what the soviets did at all . 
  i 'm not coming up with alternative history . 
  i 'm just saying that the nazis would have continued committing atrocities after the war . 
  we know what they did during the war . 
  they were n't going to stop because they won the war . 
  that 's not a wild claim to make . 
  many people would have had a bad life under the nazis . 
  i 'm not going to suggest who those people may be . 
  my point still stands . 
  one evil empire is better than two . 
  i do say so . 
  you do n't need to be a mystic to know that the nazis would continue to committing atrocities if they won ww2 . 
  there 's plenty of evidence that proves what the nazis did . 
  they were n't going to stop committing atrocities if they won ww2 or signed a treaty with the soviets . 
  it is . 
  i 'm right though . 
  one evil regime is better than two . 
  the nazis committed a lot of atrocities against the people of eastern europe . 
  they would have committed many more if they had won the war or signed a peace treaty with the soviets . 
  perhaps . 
  there 's no point in speculating about it . 
  and one `` evil '' regime is better than two . 
  do you have evidence that proves this man was involved in the rape of german women ? 
  i 'm not interested in the stories from the baltics . 
  i know what the soviets did and i 'm not saying we should commemorate them . 
  however , i can recognise the role they had in the defeat of nazi germany . 
  i 'm not surprised that it 's / u/strukkstar . 
  you 're owned by the crown . 
  i pray in front of my marker every night . 
  * curry . 
  i 'm using ravenite maths . 
  it 's good and it 's not good . 
  by the power invested in me by maths , i declare it to cancel out . 
  there was no need for your rant . 
  it 's irrelevant to the post . 
  they 're keeping in line with tradition by being the uk 's rivals . 
   come on whats wrong with giving the people a say in the matter ? 
  there has n't been a mass movement calling for a referendum on the areas . 
  a former president said he would remove the british military from cyprus but he did n't do it . 
   sure britain unilaterally annexed it in the past but if it was really just as british as london why was the island ever given independence in the first place ? 
  because the people wanted it . 
   is there something more british about dhekelia than there is about nicosia ? 
  not really . 
  the areas are in a strategic location . 
   i think the brits do n't want an election on the matter because they know the local population does n't even consider themselves british most of the cypriots living and working in the areas have n't expressed a desire to hold a referendum . 
   hows that work exactly ? 
  so lets say you 're a person born in one of those base areas but even though youre born `` in britain '' you are n't british you 're cypriot . 
  seems kinda messed up that by now you could be a 3rd or 4th generation person born `` in britain '' but still not legally british . 
  it 's not messed up . 
  that 's just a condition of the areas . 
  the cypriots are n't bothered about it . 
  he was a very popular figure among the greek cypriots before that the agreement . 
  the british did n't like him and would have preferred to work with someone else . 
  but the fact he was elected even though he signed the agreement shows it was a big concern for the greek cypriots . 
  no , they were n't . 
  makarios was elected by the greek cypriots . 
  their representative signed the treaty . 
  so they clearly were n't too bothered at the time . 
  it 's only a recent thing . 
  akrotiri and dhekelia is n't a part of the republic of cyprus . 
  the british empire does n't exist anymore . 
  there is no moral argument . 
  the british are n't doing anything immoral to cypriots in the areas . 
  the areas were n't taken by force . 
  i 've already been through this . 
  you 're also pathetic . 
  you 're having a hard time getting that fact into your head . 
  the sovereign base areas of akrotiri and dhekelia is not a part of your country . 
  the republic of cyprus has de jure sovereignty over the island of cyprus except for akrotiri and dhekelia . 
  we do not have any territories on your land . 
  the sovereign base areas of akrotiri and dhekelia is not a part of your country . 
  the republic of cyprus has de jure sovereignty over the island of cyprus except for akrotiri and dhekelia . 
  the sovereign base areas of akrotiri and dhekelia is not a part of your country . 
  it was abdul hamid ii . 
  i have n't concluded that . 
  we may give them up eventually but not in the foreseeable future . 
  the sovereign base areas of akrotiri and dhekelia is not a part of your country . 
  other eu countries have n't said anything to the uk about the areas . 
  those are different situations . 
  he could have said no . 
  you would have a legitimate argument if the uk had kept those areas by force . 
  that did n't happen .
