it 's werre , seemingly . 
  in england ? 
  the old french is guerre . 
  werre is the anglo-norman french variant . 
  guerre was derived from the frankish werra . 
  i like to be thorough in my explanation so there 's no confusion . 
  it 's one of those traits that makes for a good englishman . 
  he asked what other country was near the uk and i gave him three countries that are near the uk . 
  he then said `` it 's southerly '' which i assume is a reference to those countries being close to the south of england . 
  that 's why i said he did n't specify that it had to be a country near the north of the uk hence my use of the term `` the north '' . 
  he thought i was referring to northern ireland which i was n't . 
  and they are countries . 
  it 's derived from an anglo-norman french variant of the old french guerre . 
  yes , both northern england and scotland are a part of the uk . 
  you did n't specify the north . 
  france , belgium , and the netherlands . 
  you should look at a map of the german empire and a map of the region before the empire existed . 
   caroline lucas , the green party 's only mp in the house of commons , agrees . 
  a basic income -- the greens call it a `` citizen 's wage '' -- has long been party policy . 
  it did not make the cut for their manifesto because they could n't find a way to fund it . 
  i 'll be waiting for the greens to get back to us when they find a way to fund it . 
  anyway , it does n't matter . 
  the greens will never find themselves in a position of power . 
   even then , it would still take more that a century for other countries ( including great brittain ) to overtake the dutch economy . 
  the republic 's decline was only a relative decline , and the republic did not ride a quick wave . 
  that 's understating the decline of the dutch republic . 
  you 're right about britain 's economy not overtaking the dutch economy for more than a century . 
  the british per capita income did n't overtake the dutch per capita income until the late 1700s / early 1800s . 
  however , britain 's economy performed better during this period . 
  britain became the dominant maritime power by 1712 and dominated world trade by 1720 . 
  britain 's per capita income underwent a rapid increase from 1740 , due to the industrial revolution . 
  it was an invasion . 
  although , it had a lot of support in england . 
  james ii was n't popular . 
  william iii was because he was a protestant and he was married to mary ii . 
  i 'm from brent . 
  my area was one of the few that had a majority white population . 
  i think it is the influx of immigrants from certain regions of the world that causes white flight . 
  i say that because i 've rarely heard a white british person complaining the amount of immigrants coming from france , portugal , australia , etc. 
  they usually complain about amount of immigrants from africa or the middle east and southern asian countries . 
  i do n't have a problem with immigrants but i do understand that there needs to be a limit . 
  you would have to be more specific . 
  east london is a big place . 
  the majority of the population in the boroughs of bexley and bromley is white british . 
  house prices are also too high for the unqualified immigrants living in the city . 
  white flight is nothing to do with house prices . 
  a republic ca n't have a queen . 
  has ireland changed its form of government ? 
  this has n't gone well for you , op . 
  that march looks very small . 
  look them up yourself . 
  it 's not my job to teach you . 
  flemish people fled to england during the reign of henry viii and elizabeth i so i 'm sure some english people have flemish roots as well . 
  although , many of them returned to the dutch republic during the 16/1700s . 
  their culture is different . 
  because they 're not serbian . 
  you clearly taking this down the route of genetics . 
  slavs in the balkans share similar genetic origins . 
  there 's more to identity than genetics . 
  i do . 
  i just do . 
  nope . 
  they 're not . 
  so you think bosniaks should live in serbia . 
  what kind of an offer is that ? 
  there is in the outer boroughs . 
   county liverpool is the 33rd county do you want to buy it from us ? 
   to kilburn yeah . 
  not anymore . 
  is it the [ vend\u00f4me column ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/place_vend%c3%b4me#the_vend.c3.b4me_column ) the germans have [ this . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berlin_victory_column ), 
  thankfully , it 's changing in london . 
  some clubs are open until the early morning . 
  i prefer to stay in a pub/bar later and then go to a club . 
  you also have habit of doing a finger wave to other drivers . 
  my friend also does this wave which i 'll these guys [ explain . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ilzh2lg6ic ), 
  some people would start drinking in the evening so they 're fucked by 2am . 
  it 's not late enough though . 
  i think late closing times would stop the nonsense we see on many streets . 
  everyone is being forced out at the same time . 
  at least people would be able to leave at their own time if the clubs were open all night . 
  i close my curtains so there 's no daylight in the room . 
  here is one for the french . 
  you can visit stratfield saye house and visit the duke of wellington 's funeral carriage . 
  it 's made from melted down french cannons . 
  make sure you pay your respects . 
  [ adele - hello ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqhsxmglc9a ) [ ellie goulding - love me like you do ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajtdxiazrmo ) [ sam smith - writing 's on the wall ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jzdnsjyv9a ) there are lots of other songs by british artists which did well but i 'm not going to list them all . 
  i do n't listen to the artists in the uk top 40 . 
  they probably did it to keep the chechen authorities happy . 
  of course she did . 
  i 'm sure ramzan kadyrov had a pleasant conversation with her . 
  there is n't a railway line to new york . 
  people fly because it 's more convenient and much quicker . 
  i live in london so i could get the eurostar to paris but i prefer to fly to most other places . 
  i could n't imagine getting a bus or train to austria or ireland . 
  you said in another comment that there 's not a lot places you ca n't get to in under 48 hours . 
  most people do n't want to travel for 48 hours . 
  a 1 to 4 hour flight is much better .
