  we 're just not taking the ones who decided to illegally cross europe . 
  also , sharing out the refugees is n't going to solve the problem . 
  more and more will come . 
  why would n't you ? 
  refugees are supposed to claim asylum in the first safe country they reach . 
  most of them have passed through several safe countries to get to germany , sweden etc. 
  that 's illegal as far as i know . 
  that headline made me think the uk had a much worse ranking than 21 . 
  that 's not that bad . 
  how is it easier to get out of rome ? 
  yes . 
  i know that . 
  i never said anything about anyone being `` cool and hip '' for celebrating it . 
  the person i responded to said it was a celtic holiday and i 'm telling them it 's not anymore . 
  it 's not a celtic holiday anymore . 
  at least we wo n't run out of money in 5 years . 
  are you sure ? 
  ireland seems very pro-eu to me . 
  i think the only issue for them would be a common eu army . 
  great way to do it . 
  it does n't contradict what i said . 
  i said i was talking about spain and britain . 
  britain had their settlement first . 
   the french gave their colony to the spanish . 
  that 's from other comment . 
  i meant that britain had their settlement on the islands before the spanish . 
  spain did n't relinquish their claim to the islands in the 1770 's crisis . 
  britain never acquired the islands from spain . 
  they had a settlement on the islands first . 
  britain never took the islands from spain . 
  both countries had settlements on the islands . 
  spain had a colony on the falkland islands . 
  argentina claims former spanish territories in the south atlantic . 
  the problem with this is that britain also had a colony on the islands . 
  britain established themselves on the islands before the spanish . 
  the french gave their colony to the spanish . 
  the latter then took britain 's colony and gave it back to them . 
  both britain 's and spain 's settlements coexisted on the islands until 1774 . 
  britain then left the islands . 
  they maintained their claim to the islands through the use of a plaque . 
  another reason is that the predecessor state to argentina , the united provinces of the river plate , had a colony on the islands . 
  the united provinces granted east falkland to merchant luis vernet in 1823 . 
  he knew about the british claim to the islands so he sought permission from the british consulate in buenos aires before he left to set up the colony . 
  the united provinces named vernet civil and military commandant of the islands in 1829 . 
  also , he was granted a monopoly on seal hunting rights . 
  the british consulate protested this . 
  the colony existed for several years until 1831 . 
  luis vernet attempted to assert his monopoly on seal hunting . 
  he had three american ships captured . 
  the us sent one of their warships to raid the islands . 
  the united provinces attempted to retain their influence on the islands by installing a garrison but there was a mutiny . 
  britain reasserted their rule over the islands in 1833 . 
  tldr : the current argentine president needs a history lesson . 
   do n't be surprised if everybody hates you . 
  why would be surprised at that ? 
  i personally do n't care if everyone else hates us . 
  it 's not true anyway . 
  you 're going onto another issue . 
  my point still stands . 
  self driving technology for high speed trains is n't available yet . 
  there 's no `` lol '' about it . 
  the trains would be self driving if the technology was available . 
  poor cornwall . 
  travelling through the countryside is part of the appeal of train travel for some people . 
  also , there 's probably only enough demand to run one train a day . 
  eurostar 's service leaves early in the morning and arrives in the afternoon . 
  that would suit a lot of people . 
  i thought you were talking about a metro in lithuania because you said `` we '' . 
  right . 
  you can always change in lille if it 's that bad . 
  i 'm asking what your metro is . 
  i did n't ask for a list of all the automated metro systems . 
  you have to get the eurostar and thalys . 
  and what place are you talking about ? 
  eurostar have a direct service from london to marseille . 
  it seems popular enough . 
  some people do n't mind long train journeys . 
  most train drivers do n't cause accidents . 
  i 'm sure there will be self driving trains in the future but the technology for self driving high speed trains has n't been developed yet . 
  what metro is that ? 
  i would say most people who live in the eu do n't know about those people . 
  do you want them all to leave as well ? 
  why would i want to learn about those people ? 
  they are of no interest to me . 
  i do bother with knowledge . 
  i just learn about things which i have an interest in . 
  i was n't learning about the people you listed . 
  we were busy learning about other things . 
  it 's not a shame . 
  we did n't have time to learn about the idea of european unity in history . 
  we already had lots of british history and the world wars to learn about . 
  that easily fills up the 2 hours of history that i had every week for 3 years at secondary school . 
  i have n't missed out on anything important . 
   and just cluelessly enumerating random persons does n't make these debates any more reasonable . 
  that 's exactly what you did . 
  you just listed several people and did n't explain what they mean to you in relation to the term `` european '' . 
  was peter the great european ? 
  surely it would be colombian accents . 
  stop avoiding the question . 
  i 'm not justifying any misdeeds .
