  the a2 has a nice cloverleaf interchange with the a4/1 and remains separated nicely until sigulda . 
  a little bit nit-picky since its such a small item on the map , but estonia should have some motorways in place . 
  highway 1 that runs between tallinn and narva has some dual carriage way section that should count as motorways : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_national_road_1 so does highway 2 that runs between tallinn and tartu : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_national_road_2 together we manage just over 100km of motorway , yay !, 
  latvia also has some dual carriageways that should count as motorways , mostly near riga : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_national_roads_in_latvia, 
  prostitution is legal in estonia in licences brothels . 
  apparently there are quite a few western european tourists who buy these services , but i do n't know a single estonian who has bought them here . 
  i do however know one person , who bought services from a prostitute in russia . 
  ethnic estonian and with no ties to russia to boot , no idea why you would travel there for it , but apparently there were quite a few estonians who used those services there . 
  as far as appearances are concerned , i think its mostly a case of the grass being greener on the other side . 
  lower average age and less instances of obesity helps , but i do n't think that western european women are any significantly worse than eastern european women . 
  having had quite a bit of contact with disabled people in my life , i have to say its not that simple . 
  they really do have a hard time and depression and suicide attempts are not uncommon . 
  i 'm not saying they should be able to send checks from brothels to the government for reimbursement , but if a medical/psychological professional decides case-by-case that such a service is necessary , then i 'm not against it . 
  life is hard for these people and they need all the help they need . 
  if this makes some of them think their life is worth living for , then why the heck not . 
  i grew up on the internet , but it never stops to amaze me, 
  if you 're constantly meeting women on their `` bad days '' , then the issue might not be with them . 
  it might be an excuse . 
  just saying . 
  dunno , its mostly western europeans who use those services here . 
  apparently its thing to cross the eastern border for that here , apparently its cheaper ? 
  edit : you just edited eesti to esti  :(, 
  i have no issue if a physician/psychiatrist determines a disabled individual needs this service and the cost for the service gets covered by the health system . 
  but sex is a right now , huh ? 
  oh , shove it , you posh scottish twat / s, 
  if suddenly everyone around you falls silent for a minute , would you even notice ? 
  they were probably focused on the game and getting warmed up, 
  that silver halo in the middle of the picture tho o. 0, 
  interesting that you would mention nigeria , since african farmers ca n't compete with european farmers , who are able to produce food at half the price and have basically no tariffs imposed on them as enforced by the wto and international treaties . 
  this in turn increases poverty and paradoxically hunger , which in turn increases the need for aid and immigration to europe . 
  europe is far from barren in terms of farming , we 're just able to farm the same amount of food with less land and labour . 
  the cause for low prices is usually overproduction . 
  the real issue is that small-time farmers just are n't able to compete with large scale argo-businesses . 
  there is still plenty of salt in the baltics about your wages and pensions , so do n't worry , the grass is still greener on the other side . 
  could we get rid of this 999,99 bullshit next ? 
  on the eu level , please ? 
  it just there to manipulate and fool costumers . 
  anti-consumer and fucking annoying  :(, 
  while i do think scandinavians see more of the positive effects their tax-money has than americans , the way they pay those taxes probably has a big role as well . 
  going through the mess thats the american tax system and tax forms is n't going to leave anyone without a bad taste in the mouth , plus a lot of pundits abuse the tax system as a easy target which does n't help the matter either . 
  `` invisible '' taxes like vat and employer submitted tax information , i do believe , helps to accept higher taxation better . 
  i 've heard this stance over and over again recently . 
  is there a new strain of puritanism going around or is straight edge back in fashion ? 
  of course abusing substances and forming compulsive dependencies on entertainment and what not is bad , but live a little . 
  getting drunk ( or high ) a few times a year in good company is n't the end of the world . 
  using nicotine to relax after some stressful days via the less harmful methods like e-cigarettes is n't going to kill you either . 
  you can live your life 9 to 5 and drink tea with friends on weekends , but i personally wan na try and get as much enjoyment for my fleeting time on this blue ball . 
  sure there are risks , but there are risks to many things , like sex and driving . 
  its all about managing those risks and being smart about it . 
  instead of pushing cannabis users underground with the threat of prison , keep an eye on them to make sure any of them do n't have complications with latent schizophrenia . 
  instead of suppressing alternatives to traditional tobacco , use them to end the most harmful form of tobacco . 
  its not easy , but you 're not going to get everyone to be abstinent anyway and pretending that every decent person is has always backfired . 
  where did this come from ? 
  ^ ^ / me ^ ^ looks ^ ^ up ^ ^ wiktionary ** populism ** * noun ( countable and uncountable , plural populisms ) * * ( philosophy ) a political doctrine or philosophy that proposes that the rights and powers of ordinary people are exploited by a privileged elite , and supports their struggle to overcome this . 
  * ( derogatory ) the practice of appealing to the interests of the common people . 
  the previous comment says that the will of the majority is ignored by the government and then makes a public call to `` stop living in a populist bubble '' , which is oxymoronical as i was trying to point out . 
  before this , of course , was a cynical jab at swedish public discussion , which for whatever reason was downvoted to hell at a time and then you make a straight-laced comment about the danish governments policy towards cannabis . 
  how is any of this connected ? 
  eh , am i stupid or something ? 
  what am i missing ? 
  am i going mad ?? 
  its overrun with stoned tourists and junkies looking for a easy fix !, 
  its chaos !, 
  total societal collapse !, 
  yeah , the political classes have been demonizing drug use for so long that actual solutions have become impossible for them to support . 
  even if you manage to get them to say that something has to be done , they 'll point to drug tourism and say that other countries have to take the step first , otherwise we 'd become the netherlands !, 
  oh the horror !, 
  lets crab in the bucket some more !, 
  sense makes your comment not, 
  too warm . 
  * norway is in the eu * corsica is a country * malta is too small for maps * iceland is too far for maps * but cyprus has got a toe in the door !, 
  sadly its not just supermarket food , their food serving establishments are generally not much better . 
  those doughnuts you see in classic police drama ? 
  tastes like rancid pieces of lard with sugar on top . 
  finding good food in america requires quite a bit of effort and generally means going to a place that very clearly is n't american in origin . 
  why ? 
  no offense to americans reading this , but american food is garbage . 
  everything either tastes like fat , sugar or both , has no texture and lacks any other subtler flavors . 
  resulting in a cuisine where everything tastes like the same tasteless oily cardboard , be it a piece of meat , chocolate or pastry . 
  hey , a settlement of 1m people is a village in india . 
  be happy they did n't call it a hamlet or something . 
  my parents have been stuck with a 12/1 adsl connection for more than a decade now and no competing isps . 
  i would n't be making such bold statements -_-, 
  in that situation they could play the hottest shit that has ever graced human eyes , i 'm not sure they would be able to get more than some nervous sweat out of me . 
  but what do i know , maybe a i 'm a shivered up baby who needs to learn to live a little / s, 
  the problem is n't just size , although it would be difficult for a small country like estonia to maintain an air force capable of effectively defending its airspace against a country like russia . 
  the problem is also that finland has had nearly a century to continuously build its military , while estonia still often relies on equipment donated to it by sweden and others during the 1990s and 2000s . 
  not only that , we also have n't built up the societal attitude towards our armed forces for a conscript army to be effective . 
  also , estonia , too , has a conscript army , but while conscription based armies can boast about potentially mustering large forces , they are n't as rosy as leaders would like to make them out to be . 
  the local military leadership dreams about training 40 000 men to serve in the reserves , but the value of that number seems dubious . 
  from the russian border its about a 2 hour drive to the capital of estonia , tallinn , for a tank column it might take 4-5 hours , theoretically the professional branch of the estonian military could react in that time , but its unlikely that even together with allied forces currently present that they would be able to hold back a full blown russian invasion , which would also incorporate air and naval invasions , for more than 24 hours without giving up what little strategic depth the country has . 
  however , according to current plans the first wave of mobilized troops would be ready in more than twice that time , a number that i would dispute as being unrealistic and more likely it would take something closer to a week , but even if we take that number , the conscript army would be woefully slow to react to any invasions . 
  now , the official sources would say that no such invasion would happen on a dime and there would be time to mobilize troops before hostile forces cross the border , but the reality is that russia is well aware of the speed at which the estonian army is capable to mobilize its reserves and they wo n't give us that time unless they 're forced to . 
  the real way to win a war with russia would not to have a war in the first place . 
  even if we managed to win , it would most likely still be the end of estonia as we know it or at least it would completely devastate our country . 
  this does n't go unnoticed by young people , who are n't all that keen to sacrifice a year of their lives to it and i do n't blame them . 
  over a half of young men get proof from a doctor that they 're unfit for service and escape conscription that way . 
  putting the inhumanity of this aside for a moment , would this even work ? 
  imagine your self in a foreign country , you do n't speak the language , completely different culture , you 're most likely alone and then you get isolated from even other refugees . 
  they make you sit down in a closed room in front of a screen , then attach a machine to your genitalia and show you pornographic imagery .
