  if you buy something from another eu country via the internet the vat is supposed to go to your country , but it rarely does , its just impossible for the countries to keep track of it and most countries are n't all that eager to help other countries claim their taxes either . 
  and all the different rules and laws in different countries either deter companies from selling across the borders or just make them ignore the laws and do whatever they want because there is almost zero enforcement . 
  its the spanish republican flag from before and during the civil war . 
  read : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_the_second_spanish_republic https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_spanish_republic https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_civil_war, 
  did someone not get the memo ? 
  its supposed to be summer in a month , yet its snowing outside -_-, 
  those trees are awfully close to the tracks . 
  does n't there need to be more clearance ? 
  in case one of those trees decides to kneel over during a storm or something . 
  49 % crime/violence , really ? 
  wan na talk about it sweden ? 
  well taking a look at wikipedia , it defines the first world as : '' [ ... ] the definition has instead largely shifted to any country with little political risk and a well functioning democracy , rule of law , capitalist economy , economic stability and high standard of living . '', 
  i think we can all agree that the first 4 points have been fulfilled ( although economic stability can be argued with in the case of ukraine ) . 
  the question remains about the standard of living in these countries . 
  looking at the human development index , which is probably the best measure we have of this , we can see that estonia and poland are classified as very high hdi aka `` developed '' countries , ranked 30 . and 36 . respectively ( humble brag :p ) . 
  ukraine is however classified as a high hdi aka developing country and ranked 84 . which probably would disqualify it as a first world country :\\ ( unless you qualify most of latin america as first world and china if it fulfilled the other qualifications ), 
  when your country is used as a yard stick to measure whether a western european region is `` super shitty '' dx, 
  i wish all latvians many more years of freedom !, 
  let me repeat for the third time : the bombings have nothing to do with attacking assad or ending the war . 
  period . 
  no pressure , no nothing . 
  as far as assad is concerned they might as well not be happening . 
  as far as the kurds are concerned : first , controlling syria would required at least an order of magnitude more military power than what the kurd have . 
  there is no way the kurd will be able to occupy the whole country by themselves . 
  second , a kurdish occupation is likely to lead to massive ethnic tensions , maybe even ethnic cleansing . 
  never a smart idea to give one ethnic group complete control in such conflicts . 
  third , the kurds would provoke a response from other countries in the region , most notably turkey , but there is no saying what this would do to iraq either . 
  its likely to spread the conflict further across the region . 
  the current bombing campaigns by none countries are about that !, 
  thats the point . 
  if we want to remove assad via military intervention we need a proper plan for that and it wo n't be carried out just by air attacks either . 
  if you want that , you 're talking about a full on military intervention with armies on the ground . 
  oh , for sure . 
  no argument there . 
  my suggestion is that : how about we do n't contribute further to the crisis , by bombing an already devastated country ? 
  you do know that the airstrikes have nothing to do with the civil war , its foreign countries trying to kill people they do n't like and killing a bunch of civilians in the progress ? 
  except for russia , who is just trying to keep their would-be puppet regime in power . 
  and trumps missile strikes did fuck-all , other than give assad more propaganda ammunition . 
  none of the foreign powers in syria are actually doing anything to protect the civilian population or to put a reasonable end to the civil war . 
  obama , trump , putin , assad and co. are just behaving in their own best interest and do n't give a fuck about the syrian people , who are then faced with the choice : join a bunch of sick-in-the-head lunatics or lie down and just take it . 
  which puts us in our current situation . 
  those syrians who actually take the third choice and get the hell out might very well be the most reasonable of the group , but too bad that there are so many people who 'd want to show them the middle finger . 
  yay for this fucked up world !, 
  these fake `` invisible church '' posts are getting out of control . 
  its like a flood . 
  or replace some of those trees with houses and you get parts of tartu near emaj\u00f5gi thanks to awesome city planning / s, 
  what the title should 've read : island is spreading its hot tentacles across north-western europe . 
  you mean not all finns get a sexy teacher show them how to do it ? 
  japan ? 
  horse-flies might be much worse than the mosquitoes . 
  in early summer the air can be thick with them . 
  long sleeves recommended , the sweat is preferable . 
  this whole map seems like a jab at northern europeans . 
  yes we 're all pale as the snow , we know . 
  ha ha / s, 
  follow her glance . 
  what is she looking at ? 
  your summers most then be really horrible . 
  until one of them retires :p, 
  is n't the blue supposed to represent the sky , the black the earth and the white purity ? 
  pretty close , eh ? 
  reminds me of the monarchist party during the 90s . 
  they wanted to do this and invite a swedish prince to become the king and head of state of estonia . 
  what ever they were having , i kinda feel like i would like some of it as well . 
  there is a massive black market trade route into russia through belarus . 
  its crazy how many hoops people are willing to jump through to sell to the russian market in eastern europe . 
  some take cars apart , part by part , get the parts to russia and then reassemble the car and get new documentation for it . 
  all this trade is lubricated by massive amounts of bribes and under-the-table deals . 
  the risks are huge , but so are the profits . 
  could use some of that up here as well, 
  oh , but they 're already doing something . 
  they 're being very generous with all that ammunition they 're dropping on russians living in eastern ukraine . 
  i had the image of a bunch of sweaty men in stuffy iron suites swinging around pointy iron sticks and blazing touches , but i kinda like your version more . 
  german `` missionaries '' , huh ? 
  looks like the closest station is in lithuania t.t, 
  i wo n't say that estonia is a polluted hellhole , the nature is beautiful and mostly clean here and the towns are fairly clean ( even if we really are pinching every penny from the street cleaning budget ) . 
  the real issue is the oil shale industry which is a massive polluter . 
  if it were n't for a huge 3-layered water table and all those wetlands , our oil shale industry would have turned this country into a industrial wasteland long ago . 
  my guess is that they messed up with their source data and did n't include data from the north-east of the the country properly , which would make estonia rank high . 
  also the issue with that ranking is that smaller countries like estonia get wildly varying and inaccurate data ( just look how wildly these countries jump up and down on that rating year to year ) , while larger countries with more larger urban areas tend to get more data from those urban areas . 
  also its quite easy to create large nature reserves and to limit pollution if most of your country is a wilderness . 
  that does n't explain latvia , they have about as much forest as we do . 
  also looking at other countries , those numbers do n't make much sense either , there are plenty of other heavily forested countries out there that do so poorly in that list . 
  quite frankly any kind of co2 emission data with offsets is usually pretty wild and inaccurate . 
  if you wan na see a more realistic ranking of countries based on co2 per capita look at wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions_per_capita that puts estonia as the 2nd highest co2 emitter per capita in europe behind luxemburg and just ahead of russia . 
  i quite frankly when `` wtf ?!? '', 
  when i saw estonia 8th on that list and i looked into what epi looks at and it kinda makes sense . 
  it overrates countries with low population densities and fewer/smaller urban areas . 
  thats probably why finland came 1st and estonia 8th . 
  imho its a crappy index . 
  second thing that got my attention was the co2 ranking . 
  there is no way that the only country in the world to almost solely depend on oil shale for electricity production is number 4th in least co2 emitted per capita ranking !, 
  * ahem * sorry , but this article is complete garbage . 
  estonia emmits about 15 metric tons of co2 per capita and not 0.9 , also latvia produces some of its electricity from hydro and most of the rest is imported which would logically put it somewhere between estonia and lithuania and not at 22 + tons of co2 per capita . 
  i did n't find the source for their data , but its pretty clearly trash . 
  sure , but the government decided it was a good idea to crack down on snus trading and now the street prices have shot way up . 
  another lucrative income source for organized crime , this time with a source country right across the lake . 
  yay \\ . /, 
  thank you , iceland, 
  actually the reason why estonia is so red on this map is because post-secondary education is free in estonia , except for private universities and , here 's the catch , foreign languages .
