  rather i was responding to the sentiment that russia had somehow deserved its current predicament because action taken generations past . 
  it was n't china that did that , it was massive western investment . 
  russia tried to open up at first as well , but lacked stability and leadership to pull it off . 
  in the end one oligarchy was replaced by another and with the loss of subserviant nations to exploit and a leadership bent on turning the country into a banana republic the country had no hope in becoming an economic powerhouse . 
  an eye for an eye would leave the world blind . 
  i do n't see the russian people as deserving of this for something that happened two or more generations back . 
  latvia and lithuania have done well too . 
  georgia has n't done too bad either if you exclude the conflict with russia . 
  the more undemocratic and anti-western the country , the worse it did after the soviet union on average . 
  strange that , huh ? 
  amenia suffered a lot of ethnic conflicts with the turks ( and others ) since before the first world war , including genocide . 
  falling under the control of russia gave them a degree of safety from those conflicts . 
  after the fall of the su , those conflicts have started to flare up again . 
  also it has isolated armenian minorities in the area more from armenia . 
  i 'd wager their `` nostalgia '' is more related to security rather than some sort of loyalty to the su . 
  thats 14 , are you sure mother 's and father 's day are holidays ? 
  * new year , 1 . 
  january * independence day , 24 . 
  feburary * good friday * easter , pointless since its always on sunday * spring holiday , 1 . 
  may , basically labour day by another name because the soviet union ruined the image and the day also loosely correlates with an ancient holiday * pentecost , lets be real : almost no estonian knows what these strange church days are supposed to mean * victory day , 23 . 
  june , from when we saved latvia 's arse during the independence war and remove the teuton * midsummer 24 . 
  june , together with victory day its like christmas during summer : everyone 's drunk af * re-independence day , 20 . 
  august , because russia did n't think one national holiday was enough for us * christmas eve , 24 . 
  december * 1st christmas holiday , 25 . 
  december * 2nd christmas holiday , 26 . 
  december autumn could use some love . 
  also the day before new year , good friday , victory day and christmas eve are usually shortened workdays if they fall on weekdays , depends on the employer i think ( ? 
  they 're just guarding leaders of 20 of the worlds most powerful countries , whats the harm in having a little fun ? 
  people always want to change things they have no control over, 
  finland is n't a very representative province of suomi either ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  at this point you might as well change your country 's name to holland and most of the world would n't even notice . 
  our finno-ugric brothers were n't alone this time , 
  actually they are n't . 
  observe the border between latvia/estonia and russia . 
  if they would be as into as twitter as the west of europe , moscow would look more like a larger version of paris . 
  in this it looks more like a larger version of minsk . 
  it takes an american to see them as such with the tip being cut off . 
  at least there is one sane state between the three of us . 
  that thick line between tallinn and helsinki , though . 
  its crazy to think that two countries with the combined population of a little over 6.5 million have one of the busiest passenger ship lines in europe between them . 
  tbh , the people going to latvia for their booze are either very close to latvia to begin with ( or straight up in latvia for another reason ) , large scale ` smugglers ' who buy alcohol for more people than themselves or idiots that waste more money on gasoline than what they save doing it . 
  can we talk about this ? 
  because i think there is a real issue here . 
  there are women , who spend 50 $ on hair colour per month alone . 
  together with cosmetics , nailwork etc. 
  the monthly cost can easily top 200 $ . 
  plus they spend about 3-4 weekend days on this month . 
  why ?!, 
  yeah , that would work out just fine in a middle school ^ ^ / s, 
  got a unit installed this spring . 
  about 1k $ with installation , but i 'm quite happy , especially since i work at home quite a lot . 
  someone make this a real thing !, 
  i would read it to bits !, 
  oh , so thats a curd snack like `` kohuke '' around here ? 
  i 'd love to try it , every country seems to be making them a little bit differently , but in my experience they do n't survive transportation during the summer well . 
  ignalina was too old and past its best before date . 
  but i agree that the baltic states need a new nuclear power plant most likely . 
  yes , but its not like the eastern countries do n't have any wind or sun . 
  the baltic sea has plenty of wind and poland is essentially on a plane which get a good amount of wind all around . 
  the balkans have opportunities for solar . 
  the real problem is political will though . 
  i would really contrast this with a photo of a snowless winter/late autumn day in estonia . 
  kinda of a heaven vs. hell comparison . 
  ugh , i do n't understand how you can stand all that colour and warmth , horrible !, 
  also , all ground should be flat !, 
  uk has also done good by adopting wind power and stricter regulations . 
  i 'm most worried about eastern eu countries however . 
  poland does not seem to be in the mood to give up on coal and estonia seems to be failing to replace oil shale power as well , which is about twice as bad per wh . 
  no , actually meat has historically been also used to refer to certain parts from plants . 
  ever heard of anyone refer to the meat of a fruit ? 
  milk has also been used to refer to some juices and secretions of plants . 
  it was n't the port that caused and preserved tallinn 's medieval look . 
  tallinn was a important military position for the conquering empires , who made sure to build up and maintain its fortifications . 
  a more commerce focused city would n't be as `` attached '' to its walls , towers and bastions . 
  riga as a more independent city and a regional centre of trade and administration , had other priorities in its development . 
  good luck with that . 
  to my knowledge europe has been trying to get russia to stop dumping sankt-petersburgs waste nigh-untreated into the baltic sea for a long while now . 
  considering the environmental condition in russia and the russian governments stance on it , i do n't see things changing any time soon . 
  lte must still be bad for online gaming and working via remote desktop , right ? 
  lag , inconsistent network conditions and what not . 
  latvians must be so jelly for those islands . 
  actually `` strong and stable '' ? 
  you 'd be suprised, 
  that a little bit oversimplified . 
  while the neo-liberal advice did n't help , its pretty much russians themselves who pillaged and looted their country . 
  those are some nice rocks there, 
  stop butchering old livonian place names and give back rightful finno-baltic clay  :(, 
  ikr their whole infrastructure feels schizophrenic and lazy . 
  every time i 've gone to riga in recently i 've been amazed at a power cable thats just past valka for a couple of km 's . 
  they 've ran a cable post to post , without cutting down any trees so its buried inside branches now and the whole thing is so tense it feels like it might snap at any moment . 
  how come it has n't snapped is either a miracle or they 're just replacing the cable just the same way every time . 
  their road system is just the most visible part of it . 
  so , to recap , brexit has so far : * led to a bunch of economic instability * killed off ukip * messed up the tories chance at power * and now is slated to make a nice shitstorm a classic shot in your own foot , eh ? 
  the t2 has grade separated interchanges with the t11 and t5 as examples for the dual carriageway sections near tallinn and m\u00e4o respectively . 
  no intersections on the dual carriageway sections . 
  btw , the dual carriageway section the wiki mentions near tartu is just a bridge i think . 
  the t1 is more difficult since it does not cross with other major roads where its a dual carriageway , but the minor roads leading off it all have interchanges . 
  the best example is probably the exit to maardu . 
  latvia is a more complicated case . 
  the a6 , for example , has a interchange where it meets the a4 , but then goes on to have a intersection in ogre ( latvian naming sense , go figure ) .
