  it would n't be reasonable to punish them for an alliance made in 1991 . 
  the most competitive worker is the one that needs no pay , just basic housing and food . 
  oh , wait , i 'm describing some ancient institution here ... 
  is this the end to their proxies in the ukraine , moldova , georgia and syria now ? 
  our national air company we n't belly up not long ago . 
  a new one is now operational , but that saga probably caused enough chaos for us not to show up in the statistics . 
  wow , what does that make us ? 
  people in my family make shopping trips to poland , because stuff 's more than two times cheaper there . 
  last month a store had a sale , a plain black t-shirt was being sold for 5 $ , down from 10 $ . 
  sounds like something from the soviet union . 
  you can still tell whether a piece of cutlery was made in the soviet union by seeing if it has a price printed or engraved on it . 
  kolguyev mostly operates ufos and flying reindeer . 
  the curious thing is that there are , although few , german monuments and cemeteries shattered about in most of ee . 
  burial places to german soldiers from both world wars , but also civilians and victims of atrocities . 
  they 're not particularly fancy nor do they carry the symbols specific to the wartime regimes , but they 're well kept and tasteful . 
  and guess what ? 
  at least in part , their maintenance is paid for by the german state . 
  the soviet monuments on the other hand are not only very militaristic and carry the symbols of occupying forces , but they also only serve to glorify the soviet regime and do not mention the victims of that regime . 
  most of them are also debilitated , lost in a overgrown forest or concrete jungle . 
  the russian state does not care for most of them , merely the most famous ones that make good propaganda . 
  yet when a local government decides to remove one of them to make room for something useful to the local people , oh the drama . 
  i 'm quite sure russia does n't even have a proper list of all the monuments they 're `` protecting '' . 
  patience , we 're getting there, 
  tax evasion ? 
  i guess its not really averaging the world , if ireland gets all the monies . 
  kinda weird we still use figures with skirts/dresses to symbolize women . 
  i ca n't even remember when i saw a woman i know in a skirt or dress in an every day situation . 
  fancy occasions , e.g. 
  weddings , sure , but not while working or a casual outing with friends or whatnot . 
  now that i think about it , it must 've been this summer since skirts are more popular while its hot , but still , its increasingly rare . 
  while its true that many of the guerrillas had fought on the german side , many as volunteers , its wrong to think that they had any love for the nazi regime or that they participated in the atrocities . 
  nearly all of them were motivated by the violence the soviet union had perpetuated on the civilian population in the baltic states . 
  calling them `` nazi collaborators '' is an oversimplification and , frankly , stupid . 
  they merely refused to stand idly by while their people were slaughtered and chose what they saw as the lesser evil . 
  its quite telling that the soviet union managed to motivate so many people to see nazi germany as the lesser evil . 
  whats the sub count for r/russia and r/the _ donald ? 
  so sometime before 2050 germans get time travel ? 
  will einstein kill hitler ? 
  i have to say , i 'm surprised . 
  i 've been to finland and did n't think their milk consumption differed that much from our own . 
  heck , i 'd say you 'd have a tough time as lactose intolerant getting a decent meal over here . 
  :\\ fun fact : when i was growing up i thought salad meant cut up vegetables mixed with sour cream . 
  i was later in life shocked to learn there are salads without sour cream ( with the exception of carrot salad ) and people would put fruit in them !, 
  the problem is n't at all with having a lower population , the problem is with a continuously decreasing population . 
  if we just had 20 % less people around , then that 's not a big problem , but if we have more and more elderly in our societies compared to working age people then that 's a problem . 
  a better designed pension system would help , but you 'd still have to provide the same public services as before . 
  healthcare , transportation , public security , general bureaucracy etc. 
  still needs to be the same and with less people paying taxes it becomes more and more difficult to do with decreasing tax revenues . 
  which leads us to two solutions : have more working age people ( e.g. 
  more young people ) or utilize older people better ( e.g. 
  artificial sweetener is sweeter than natural sugar , what can you do ? 
  in the end we either need to start treating parenting as a proper job ( which it damn well is , full time at that ) with a proper wage with all the bells and whistles ( including job qualifications ) or we need to develop proper anti-aging medicine so we just do n't need that many children to keep the population going . 
  not a bad idea , since that group is also involved in various other crimes and is in general more violent than other groups , but could you wait , like , 10 years with that ? 
  i wan na move to iceland . 
  damn you lucky bastards for getting to live there !, 
  icelandian winter is actually fairly mild . 
  the average temperatures are about the same or even slightly higher in iceland compared to estonia , except northern iceland which tends to be colder . 
  however because of the highly maritime climate , the fluctuations are smaller and there is less precipitation throughout the year . 
  so , kelvin ? 
  that might be because of the ancient tradition of bride kidnapping . 
  the coastal ancient estonians were especially infamous for it . 
  ever heard the tale of the courland bride ? 
  that said both finnic people and balts were the first to settle this region so it makes sense that we had plenty of interaction and intermarriage between us . 
  i see a good investment opportunity in the estonian alcohol industry . 
  we should join forces . 
  so , you were just watching ? 
  wo n't be long . 
  as soon as those brits are out you 'll have the atlantic at your beaches . 
  its a dog . 
  no pets allowed on the train . 
  powered by bicycle mounted dynamos, 
  albania is kinda hot :p, 
  1.3 m vs. 17m is n't what i would call similar sized to begin with :p co2 emissions are n't a property of land anyway and just because there are few of us does not mean that its okay for us to live like pigs, 
  so pan-europeanism has become a voting block you can hang your hat on now ? 
  i do n't think calling one side `` wrong and inept '' is all that helpful in overcoming those divisions . 
  that said i do agree that the way it has divided britain is bad . 
  every time brexit is brought up one side or the other gets bombed with down votes , even if the subject matter is very light for other topics . 
  a funny jab can get you some real nasty hate and it feels very much like a microcosm of the general public discussion on the matter in real life , or rather , where it is headed . 
  i hope you can recover some of your national unity and not fall into extremely divisive politics like the us . 
  i would n't make heroes out of them , because they did still use a fair amount of force to secure their power and suppress their opposition , which was n't always radical or violent . 
  these regimes were still a fair ways off from a `` good '' dictatorship , but they might 've very much still been necessary since the democratic regimes had proven themselves to be unstable and defenseless in face of violent radicals , often sponsored by large foreign powers . 
  dark times with no good choices , those were . 
  klaip\u0117da is a very nice place to visit . 
  i kinda understand why the germans wanted it for themselves :p, 
  anarcho-communism ftw !, 
  i think all the authoritarian regimes during that period in the baltic states were anti-fascist , anti-commie . 
  our autocrat took power specifically because he feared that the fascists might try to take power via coup . 
  oil shale . 
  produces about twice the co2 per kwh and is hell of a lot more polluting in general . 
  that 's without the petrol production from oil shale . 
  yup , thats the only two choices we have : russia or leading co2 producer in europe . 
  cake , there was no bread, 
  the muslims are coming , have you not heard ? 
  wow , i just visited / r/politics after a while and almost every post on the first page is about trump . 
  what a divided world, 
  if it hurts that much you might want to get a doctor to look at it . 
  colorectal cancer is not a joke . 
  exclude islands and city states/regions , then divide the baltic regions by half and we 'll all end up in the bottom 5 % of that list there . 
  i 'm not convinced that 's such a great idea . 
  and what will that show us anyway ?
