i 'm amazed it stopped with the dutch and that we do n't have the same bridges in nearly every eurozone country . 
  fair enough , though i do n't think distinguishing between mountain germans and the largest port city in germany is that hard for eastern europeans because they 've shared quite a bit of history with germany . 
  that said eastern europeans would have a hard time distinguishing between a occitanian and a metropolitan frenchman or between a walloon and a flemish . 
  yet , they 're not different countries , are they ? 
  oh , really ? 
  met an eastern european unable to tell the difference between a frenchman and a spaniard ? 
  my experience says its not an unfounded generalization . 
  still seeing people from western europe being unable to differentiate between eastern europeans is sad . 
  especially when its a german unable to differentiate between a pole and a czech . 
  poles and czechs are quite different for me . 
  one is very religious , other not at all , as an example . 
  besides , czech beer is way better than whatever the poles are making . 
  i was quite shocked to learn in my early teenage years that salad does not mean cut up vegetables mixed with sour cream . 
  was that salad with sour cream ? 
  if yes , then there 's something quite baltic right there . 
  leading up to wwii , we did all act quite similar . 
  we had autocratic regimes trying to prevent extremists from the right and left from taking power . 
  we tried to form alliances with each other , poland and finland , possibly sweden . 
  we tried to avoid war to the point that our political elite was n't willing to make an hopeless last stand against the soviet union . 
  lithuanian history seems crazy interesting , any good media to watch , listen or read on the matter ? 
  preferably in english :p, 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1b/slavic_languages_tree.svg the southern baltic sea coast starting from base of jutland to courland used to be home to the batlo-slavic people , of whom the latvians and lithuanians are the only surviving groups . 
  1/3 not 50 % . 
  also , watch out for a lithuanian hitman after that stunt, 
  so , the new federal states will be decided on by which banking and retail chains a country has ? 
  i count 3 out of 5 . 
  though , i get that balto-slavic is a bit more distant from other slavic cultures , your comment feels a bit too nitpick-y for that to pass in my book . 
  thats right , give bakc rightful finno-ugric clay !, 
  not if his dick tastes like dog poo . 
  so in 12 years there have been 17 airspace violation cases by russian planes in finland ? 
  in the last 4 years there have been at least 20 airspace violations by russian aircraft in estonia and we have 4 times fewer people and 7,5 times less territory !, 
  finland , you have to step up your game !, 
  if it hurts that much you might want to get a doctor to look at it . 
  colorectal cancer is no joke . 
  nothing beats that unique feeling of your nose hair sticking together because you tried to breathe through your nose when its a dry -30 c outside . 
  iceland must be the ideal place to live climate-wise though . 
  15c summers , -10 c winters . 
  the problem with that is that this has been going on for nearly forever . 
  strong men in chechnya have been killing , torturing , disappearing , etc. 
  people for who knows how long and there 's no signs of this stopping anytime soon . 
  attacks against sexual minorities have simply gathered more attention as of recent and maybe there 's been some increase in it , but its nothing new . 
  the victims are not all from sexual minorities either , dissidents , inconvenient people , other minorities , political adversaries , criminals , random people from the streets etc. 
  sure , you could try and save a few lucky souls , who manage to escape and reach europe outside of russia , but it wo n't even be a drop in the bucket . 
  the portuguese are weird . 
  around here we sit around a grave one day every year and get drunk . 
  that 's not really a solution . 
  what happens to the coming generations of non-straight people ? 
  these attacks need to stop and i do n't see constantly depriving such societies of their oppressed as a real solution . 
  a messed up situation for sure , though . 
  so , instead of some people getting their money back , no one will ? 
  though with an exception for deposits under 100k $ , i do n't think it even matters that much . 
  ca n't be worse than drunk finns and russians , bring it on, 
  on which foot is the fifth toe ? 
  oh man , latvia stronk . 
  make russia latvian . 
  i wish my compatriots would take a page out of you germans . 
  instead of fussing about this migrant thing that barely affects us at all and which we 're not seriously going to be a decider in , we could use to take a look at other more important issues like our healthcare system that 's underfunded and suffering from corruption . 
  its still strange though , its not like other countries do n't have other big issues to deal with , yet ... 
  in britain it has shifted the ruling party to the right and aided the brexit cause , in the netherlands it has gained significant political power , in france and austria it almost allowed for far-right politicians to take the presidency , in poland and hungary the governments are using it to prop up their political agendas , in scandinavia it has caused an increase of far-right vigilantes and violence , etc. 
  but the german reaction seems to be , and allow me to quote a german redditor on this topic , `` yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawn '' . 
  interesting , the refugee crisis and terrorist attacks seem to be such a hot topic in other european societies . 
  what do you think makes germany different ? 
  why are n't there strong feelings about it in the population ? 
  why is n't it affecting the polls much ? 
  i like women in uniform , so it ca n't be that bad , right ? 
  meh , you indo-europeans look all the same to me, 
  czech are slavs though :\\, 
  ugh , you must be the type of person who does n't like salmiakki , huh ? 
  pity you, 
  i do n't think morality is a religion only thing . 
  you have to differentiate the word ( and people 's reaction to it ) , the concept and whether someone acts morally or considers morality in their actions . 
  people here usually like to use `` ethics '' instead of `` morals '' in their speech . 
  mostly because they do n't feel that the word `` moral '' represents what they want to convey as it has often been used by religious figures to justify things that they do not necessarily agree with or care about . 
  also , non-religious societies do not like to look at problems of individuals in terms of collective values . 
  sounds tasty . 
  also , bumpkin seeds      sunflower seeds . 
  good taste there , bosnia !, 
  yes . 
  rye bread is pretty much the default in the baltics . 
  took me some time to adjust to the fact that bread in english means white wheat bread usually and that there are n't different words for rye and wheat bread . 
  the estonian word for vienna , `` viin '' , means vodka in estonian . 
  i do n't know any anecdotes about it , but its always a little weird to use that name in singular nominative :p, 
  a bit of an overreaction , perhaps ? 
  as i understand it they 're not arguing its not wrong , but rather that the french understanding of the word ` moral ' is different . 
  they ( the french that is ) still seem to widely believe that its not acceptable . 
  i kinda understand , where then french are coming from with this . 
  over here religion is n't a significant aspect of people 's lives as well and concepts and words associated with religion tend to have different meaning and reactions to because of this . 
  tbh , pew messed up bad when they did this questionnaire . 
  brits are weird . 
  i ca n't imagine ever wanting to go south of poland during the summer . 
  a bit rarer to see that on the map , but not apart of the the country though . 
  at least they 're drawn pretty accurately and not one big blob connected with the mainland . 
  and an ever-approaching bureaucratic one-party dictatorship :p, 
  its nice to see that you have spotted the tragedy of the commons in this . 
  i 'm doubtful however that the powers that be really give a damn . 
  pretty words aside , our current economic institutions do n't seem to give a fuck whether the labour force is motivated by wages or by whips . 
  whenever given the opportunity to make money off the suffering of workers arises , its taken . 
  a firm that does not will be out competed by a firm that does . 
  these statistics about `` productivity '' and `` competitiveness '' always serve to remind me of that . 
  czechia and slovakia have n't taken the plunge off the deep end yet .
