  how much better our capitals are doing vis-\u00e0-vis our countrysides ? 
  is n't pretty much all of italy rightful greek clay ? 
  damn czechs one upping us on everything . 
  at least the nuts divisions make us look better on this map . 
  ca n't nuke finland though . 
  all those drunk finns are the sole pillar keeping our economy afloat . 
  if we lose them , we 'll be like latvia !, 
  ffs !, 
  its okay ? 
  kind of a weird question to ask :p mad about the high prices here though , i want to buy a new monitor , but the prices here are 100-200 $ higher for the more high end ones than in germany , not to say anything about the us  :( that said though , an openly gay head of state or government will take some time for us . 
  the majority of our societies are still opposed to homosexuality , although its generally a very passive opposition and for example the pride march in tallinn this week was quite widely and generally positively portrayed . 
  although it had a `` look we 're like western europe '' wibe to it . 
  interestingly , 2 of the 3 baltic countries have female presidents and all of them have elected female heads of state in the last 26 years since reindependence . 
  yet countries like the us are yet to manage it . 
  they 'll have to redo all of these maps once iceland joins, 
  you know that the baltic countries are probably among some of the least populated nuts regions ? 
  divide us more and we 'll be comparing villages to megalopolises . 
  suck it latvia and lithuania ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  amphetamines and opium-based drugs used to be widely used in colonial nations . 
  as day-to-day medicine and a kinda replacement to coffee and energy drinks . 
  maybe its a carryover from the good old times ? 
  vis-a-vis norway vs. finland , i do n't know and nether do you really . 
  my message is clear : get proof , get guarantees . 
  no point sending people in harms way blindly . 
  which is kinda why i have found the distinction between atheists and agnostics to be ridiculous . 
  unless you 're asserting that something exists , you 're going to end up behaving the same way whether you assert that it does n't exist or do n't . 
  the differences only matter when you 're arguing the point , but in practical terms it does n't matter in everyday life . 
   also , last time i checked norway did not seem to have any endemic harassment going on in their mixed army . 
  are you implying that finns and swiss are somehow inferior to norwegians when it comes to this ? 
  personally i find it ridiculous to believe that there are not differences between how genders are treated between different countries . 
  just because they currently do not have difficulties with sexual harassment in the military , does not mean that you wo n't have that problem . 
  the gender gap index is hardly a good measure for how ready one 's military is to handle a large number of women serving there . 
  btw , that was a nice double standard there . 
  insinuating that another country if inferior to yours and then being shocked that someone might think that yours might be inferior to another , that could n't possibly be true right ? 
  damn those post-soviets ruining your day, 
  well as i understand it , you 're arguing that women have to be conscripted as well on the basis of gender equality , yet if a country is poor enough , they do n't have to ? 
  i mean , not having enough money for toilets is ridiculous . 
  its a clear statement of priorities by the government and facilities for soldiers ( or accommodating female soldiers ) clearly are n't high up on those priorities . 
  its not like they ca n't , they just choose not to , but you said they do n't have to since we 're not rich enough . 
  so , where is that magic line from where your principles start to apply , or is it a matter or priorities as well ? 
  if so , what is higher on you list of priorities than gender equality ? 
  i would encourage finns and the swiss to be more skeptical of their armed forces as well . 
  the military has proven to be a hostile environment for women and considering your society to be a magically more tolerant and less violent one can lead to some rude awakenings . 
  so i guess your brand of gender equality is only for the sufficiently rich ? 
  :p ^ ^ ^ if ^ ^ ^ knock ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ digit ^ ^ ^ off ^ ^ ^ our ^ ^ ^ gdp ^ ^ ^ can ^ ^ ^ we ^ ^ ^ have ^ ^ ^ compulsory ^ ^ ^ burkas ? 
  oh , does my flair not show up for you ? 
  ^ ^ ^ / s joking aside , those environments that promote aggressiveness , subordination and have a tendency to cover up wrongdoing and be opaque , tend to breed that kind of violence . 
  all i 've been saying is that safeguards have to be put in place , accountability has to be established , transparency has to be put in place and generally the military has to prove itself before i would be willing to consider having women be required by law to serve there . 
  i served in a barracks that had two toilets for 50 + guys just across the sleeping quarters . 
  at one period it was 200 + guys per two toilets because the piping failed in that old soviet era barracks . 
  that experience taught me and the rest of the guys in the unit to respect toilet etiquette and follow it to a t ( might be the only useful ` skill ' i learned there tbh ) . 
  one might get beaten up behind a corner if he did n't , having all the sleeping quarters smell of shit does not a docile soldier make . 
  i kinda doubt the government would actually build more toilets there and i 'm kinda morbidly curious what would happen if 40 + guys would have to give up one of those toilets to 10 girls . 
  sadly its not that easy . 
  people like that would n't target the women while they 're in a group anyways , they 'd target them when they 're alone . 
  with the perpetrators often being in positions of power , eg . 
  superior officers , it would n't be such a hard situation to create . 
  i do n't see it . 
  i said it in another post , but `` as long as the military is out side the jurisdiction of civilian law enforcement and as long as it remains such a opaque institution that constantly tries to put up a facade , i will not support [ mandatory ] conscription for women . '', 
  and what a hill to die on , lets force women , on the penalty imprisonment , to take part in of an institution which might lead to them experiencing harrowing violence and harassment during peacetime in the name of `` gender equality '' . 
  you might accuse me of chaining women up in the name of security , but what you 're proposing is way worse . 
   the price of a shower is pretty insignificant compared to a tank . 
  no tanks for eurogay estonia t_t ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  then how about we fix the institutions before we legally force women to be apart of them ? 
  so its like a worse version of an actual job ? 
  most universities give credit based on job experience and since you can choose your job , you 're more likely to get credit and more of it . 
  plus that experience will directly help you later . 
  as far as assholes are concerned , there is n't any need to take a special course on them . 
  there 's plenty of them around and you 'd can just get a retail job if you want a crash course in how to deal with them . 
  if your idea of discipline is being able to get dressed and form a line at 2 in the morning in a minute or to be able to follow orders blindly then that form of discipline is useless in modern society . 
  a machine can do that and do it better and cheaper . 
  and there 's no shortage of machines in today 's world . 
  a job requires a different kind of discipline . 
  the kind that allows people to carry out to the end what they started , to take initiative when they see a problem , to carry out their responsibilities adequately without having a superior babysitting them . 
  the military does nothing to foster that kind of discipline , the military wants human machines who would carry out orders without questioning even if it meant death . 
  thank you for that lovely strawman . 
  because making women completely dependent on male relatives and infantilizing women is completely the same as saying that its not okay to coerce women by law into an organization that has a very real risk to cause them harm . 
  i do n't think its the average joe that suddenly turns into a rapist in a military environment . 
  its the environment that allows the small minority to behave in a way that 's violent against women . 
  by far , most rapist are serial rapist and an environment that promotes aggressiveness and tends to turn a blind eye ( or just cover up ) misconduct and abusive behavior is `` fertile '' ground for them . 
  its not conscription of women that would solve that issue , its accountability and transparency . 
  as long as the military is out side the jurisdiction of civilian law enforcement and as long as it remains such a opaque institution that constantly tries to put up a facade , i will not support conscription for women . 
  i will not prevent those , who choose to serve to do so , but i do not think that at least our military is worthy of women serving there yet . 
  i am dead against compulsory national service for women . 
  the issue is not with the women either quite frankly . 
  the experience of other nations has shown that the military is a very hostile environment especially for women . 
  some studies show that about a third of the women in the us army have experienced sexual assault or outright rape and more than half have experienced serious harassment . 
  my personal experience has n't persuaded that this could n't happen within a conscript army during national service . 
  voluntary service is possible for women around here , but i would be very against anyone i know volunteering and would try to persuade them not to . 
  and this is without discussing the merits of conscription and national service to begin with . 
  something i 'm not convinced of either . 
  the army does not prepare anyone for adult life . 
  if you want to teach someone independent adult life , have them get a job . 
  freezing in the mud in some forest , sitting in some barracks , getting athletes ' foot and the rest of the crap national service puts people through does nothing to prepare people for actual real life . 
  basically every conscript i served with agrees that a real job is both tougher , teaches better discipline and gives skills that are actually useful . 
  there was a story in the media here about a man meeting a mother-bear and her cubs while traveling on a country road in the middle of nowhere . 
  * he followed them for a while and took pictures the whole time while posting them on social media * . 
  said it was a interesting experience . 
  oh , of course . 
  estonia or any other country should n't have to be subjecated for the benefit of another .
