  i assume its all also done under supervision , so there is either someone in the room with you or a camera is looking at you the whole time . 
  also the video they show you is probably culturally foreign . 
  would you get aroused in this situation ? 
  i ca n't imagine anyone , other than some massive masochists get aroused in this kind of a situation . 
  wat r you talking about ? 
  they beat you by 1,6 %, 
  thats some nice trolling , have a upvote xd, 
  look i can understand where you 're coming , but people are going to try to sell you things that are pleasurable to you and what you 'll want to buy again . 
  i 'd also argue that its preferable , since we do n't want to eat food that tastes bland , for example . 
  food is engineered to be pleasurable and for us to desire to consume more of it . 
  texture , fat , salt , sugar , etc is scientifically formulated in a food product to make it `` addictive '' and to the point that its not more harmful than enjoyable , thats fine . 
  we ca n't just go banning things from sale because it might make us dependent on it , otherwise you 're gon na find yourself banning petrol , electricity , water , etc. 
  the measure has to be harm and there is not conclusive evidence that i 've seen that snus should be banned because of that based on our current standard . 
  tbh , i was n't defending the id card proposal that the british government had , rather i 'm expressing amazement that people do n't have that kind of a reaction to online spying . 
  i guess its a case of ` out of sight , out of mind ' , since it is n't as tangible as a physical card with all your info on it . 
  maybe they 're poor because they 're wasting all that money on booze and hookers ? 
  just saying / s, 
  you do know that your online activity will betray everything * except your fingerprints and iris scans * ? 
  i 'd rather have my fingerprints and iris scans taken , thank you very much . 
  you can get addicted to many things ( even things like running long distances , eating , gaming etc. 
  basically anything that creates a affirmative chemical response in the brain ) . 
  its not the addiction thats dangerous , its the effects of addiction . 
  the negative effects of snus are very minor , especially if compared to things like alcohol and traditional smoking . 
  we should n't be legislating based on what is and what is n't addictive . 
  we should only make laws that have a cumulatively positive effect on society and i do n't see banning snus as such . 
  is n't public smoking pretty much illegal eu-wide ? 
  i used to use snus and rarely vape , but i never felt like i wanted to start smoking . 
  i took a puff from a cigarette when i was young and decided it was n't for me and that was that . 
  i also stopped consuming snus entirely and very abruptly , when it came apparent that because of my government 's activities buying snus might start funding criminal organizations . 
  i did n't have any problems stopping using a far more powerful nicotine product than cigarettes and i certainly was n't shaking in a corner fantasizing about getting by next high . 
  fair enough , it is n't the most attractive activity , but that should n't make it a target for laws and law enforcement . 
  especially not criminalization . 
  i would n't put too much stock in these international indexes or polls . 
  they 're rarely anywhere close to accurate . 
  i just gave a map with iceland , i did n't say its a good map :p that said , iirc they [ the indexing ppl ] had an issue with transgender rights in iceland and there was some nitpicky stuff . 
  would n't fret too much about the absolute score though . 
  also , if your 47 % is medieval , where does it leave eastern europe t.t, 
  what i do n't like is that they 're treating alternatives to cigarettes as outright hard drugs . 
  cigarettes ( and cigars for that matter ) are about the most damaging way to consume nicotine and alternatives like e-cigarettes and snus are far less harmful . 
  even if you do n't agree with the consumption of those products , funneling people to the most harmful form of nicotine by making alternatives illegal is plain stupid . 
  alternatives can and would reduce the harm done by smoking as shown by the swedish experience , yet whenever this is raised the anti-smoking lobby close their eyes , cover their ears and scream `` no , no , no ... ! '', 
  to smother any dissent . 
  its outright disgusting to read the articles put out by public relations of the police in my country , making out snus users to be like they 're stereotypical homeless junkies that share needles with each other and rob people to feed their addition , except in this case its snus pads !, 
  all the while ignoring the fact that snus users are typically middle class , socially active and overall normal people . 
  but of course they 'll use their fantasies to criminalize it , waste limited resources trying to arrest ordinary harmless citizens and give a new market to underground criminal groups . 
  for fucks sake !, 
  kurtzgesagt did a video on this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czgowmtgvgs its amazing how few people are aware how old human civilization actually is . 
  saying its the year 2017 doesnt ' t really help it either . 
  * cough * medvedev * cough * ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ theres ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ big ^ ^ ^ difference, 
  do n't worry , putin-sensei still has elections too . 
  he even does rotations with medvedev-senpai . 
  its the rainbow europe index . 
  it measures social acceptance , discrimination and legal rights in regards to lgbt people , rather than just public opinion . 
  yes . 
  we need this as well . 
  too many young parents have proven to be complete idiots when it comes to rising children , a knock on the door from some men in blue uniforms might just knock some sense into them . 
  just to live up to my flair and to give iceland a place under the sun : http://ilga-europe.org/sites/default/files/attachments/rainbow_europe_map_2017.pdf, 
  tell that to the map :d, 
  you racist scum !, 
  / s ^ ^ black ^ ^ runners, 
  this map makes iceland cry ;(, 
  i remember how our experiment with that ended . 
  `` incorruptible '' they said :\\, 
  yes please . 
  and while you 're at it , also ban regional licensing within the eu . 
  netflix sucks over here :\\, 
  to be honest the infrastructure in southern europe for internet services is lacking already . 
  those investments should 've been made earlier and these regions have had comparatively high prices for some time now . 
  i would n't blame the legislation , but rather the isps who have just milked those countries without making important investments . 
  well ... its actually an old tradition only interrupted by the soviet union . 
  tsars used to meddle in religion a lot and used it for their own ends very often . 
  heck , they were commonly worshiped by common people as well , with shrines and all . 
  stalin also used orthodoxy during wwii for propaganda and his cult of personality took religious forms as well . 
  hmmm ... 
  the more i think about it , the more it seems like its pretty much the status quo for russia throughout the ages . 
  wwii germany definitely was n't `` the most advanced country in the world '' . 
  basically all the major powers that germany fought , even the soviet union , were more advanced on many fronts , especially militarily . 
  quite frankly it was kind of a miracle that germany was so successful during the early period of the war . 
  a miracle made from great incompetence from its enemies , getting many military theories right from the start and a shit-ton of luck . 
  for example the french army was far more motorized and had more tanks than the germans ( even without the british ) , but because the way they used and designed their tanks they were far less effective than the german tanks . 
  the list of significant errors that the french made is very long , while the germans did one specific thing right ( attacking through belgium ) and basically scored a one-hit knockout . 
  plenty , he ordered carpet bombing against western europe , including in parts of occupied france . 
  it was even worse in japan and its often called `` terror bombing '' . 
  killed way more innocent civilians than the atomic bombs did . 
  was n't there a hobo who claimed to be the emperor of california or something ? 
  i ca n't even remember my own age, 
  not cool , dude #notallkeys, 
  estonia/estland/eesti and its derivatives come from germans ( who in turn have been speculated to having been influenced by the romans ) . 
  ancient estonians did not call themselves thus , they saw themselves more as members of their individual tribes ( sakalased , liivlased , ugandi , saarlased , harjulased etc. ) . 
  if they had a broader concept of identity it would most likely have included a far wider group of people , e.g. 
  the northern finnic people : modern-day finns , ingerians , estonians , livonians , vepsians , karelians etc. 
  reason being that their language and culture was more similar and yet uninfluenced by individual invaders . 
  have n't gotten to cut grass once this year . 
  usually we start cutting grass around the beginning of april . 
  got a new lawnmower last year as well :\\, 
  its possible or maybe not exactly as the republican faction from the civil war , but the current flag of spain is the nationalist flag ( or variant of there of ) , which it self is based on a military flag from the imperial period . 
  they might be arguing that the republican flag is more appropriate for present day spain , they might oppose the monarchy or , you know , they might be just doing it for shits and giggles because they 're on the internet . 
  this is nothing compared to the larger issues with e-commerce in the eu . 
  the large players play dirty , but that 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  its currently nigh-impossible to properly tax all the e-commerce across internal eu borders .
