  after all the bible of liberalism was written by a protestant scottish man based on his own specific experience of life . 
  personaly maybe that 's because i 'm from a catholic country , or a somewhat more collectivist country , but i could never help feeling that personnal profit and money ca n't be a goal in itself . 
  it feels too immoral and selfish . 
  i could work more and ask to be paid more for it if i did n't have this moral problem . 
  but somehow i feel it is more rewarding to have the feeling of `` sharing the cake '' . 
  that 's weird . 
  there were special arabic classes in primary school in france at least 25 years ago that took place on saturdays . 
  i had friends who attended those and others who went to sunday school ( which actually took place on wednesdays ) , and at the time it was considered a very normal thing to do . 
  whether people like it or not arabic is a widely spoken language , many arabophone countries have a lot of ressources , and we have young pupils who have the benefit of having a double culture . 
  you can never learn enough languages anyway . 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't know about the dutch disease . 
  i do n't agree with paris . 
  there are some party goers , but tourism here ( although annoying at times ) is more diverse than that . 
  i had troubles with an airbnb flat just in front of mine , and i loathe tourists who think it 's cool to get pissed on cheap wines in the metro but it seemed to me that the nuisances are way not as bad as what people undergo in barcelona ... 
  but maybe i 'm too used to tourists here . 
  i personaly only went to barcelona and sitges ; those are beautiful places , the locals are very nice ( and very patient ) , it 's sunny , there 's the sea ... 
  but sometimes i felt like spain has been sold like a cheap whore to mass-tourism . 
  some areas of the coast are just drowned in concrete buildings . 
  in french the word for `` out-of-control only for tourism fast urbanization '' is `` bal\u00e9arisation '' , that is `` to turn into the balearic islands '' . 
  i believe it 's different in the atlantic coast but i never went there . 
  the problem is spain is the very low level people they attract , mostly lower class northern europeans who think it is ok to binge drink , yell and puke at every street corner . 
  i went to barcelona once , it 's a wonderful city with a horrible crowds who spoil it all . 
  i totally aggree with people getting tired of this kind of visitors ; the money they bring is not worth the loss in quality of life . 
  and do n't get me started on airbnb , people who want to `` live like locals '' but have absolutely no respect for their neighbours . 
   a large part of the right-wing was against it , when the left-wing was unanimously favorable to such a bill . 
  the whole right from centre-right to far-right was agaisnt it . 
  only 7 mp out of 224 from the right voted in favor of it . 
  it has been the most polarizinf debate in years in france , and nowadays it seems that only those kinds of matter really show some differences between the ( moderate ) right and left . 
  `` baguette '' `` why do you keep speaking an obsolete language '' `` you 're always on holiday '', 
  i do n't think picking a picture from the sissi movie really pays hommage to both her acting career and her beauty ... 
  no they do n't . 
  agriculture in the south-west is very important . 
  they need european subsidies , they need to export freely , it 's also very touristic and they need those sweet euros coming freely from dutch , german and english tourists . 
  it 's on the way to spain which is n't far , people just go there for the weekend . 
  the ones that do are the same that vote for fn as in the rest of the country : most of them are lower middle class , middle class people who feel they are left behind by the government and the eu ( and i think to some extent rightly so ) . 
  poverty has increased a lot in this area recently , especially in a place nicknamed `` the corridor of poverty '' ( le couloir de la pauvret\u00e9 ) between bordeaux and toulouse . 
  small and medium cities are deserted and new poor `` clusters '' develop in the countryside where rents are the lowest . 
  despite subsidies agricultural prices are too low to maintain the traditionnal low-skilled job demand . 
  the area suffers from many problems , but europe is the least . 
  it 's rather a problem of national land use planing to me . 
  ( i was born and raised in the area , the poorest d\u00e9partement of aquitaine ; i talk from what i could observe over the past 20 years ), 
  custard cream biscuits and vinegar crisps, 
  i went to santirini in a quite small boat from another island , the feeling when you enter the caldeira along the dark , raw cliffs is magical , with the alien , black nea kameni in the middle . 
  too bad there always are 2 or 3 giant ships continuously puking obese and stupid tourists that really spoil fira . 
  they say `` os '' like it 's written `` ausse '' both in the singular and the plural , and po\u00eale and couenne with a '' \u00e8 '' instead of a `` a '' . 
  no it 's free for all . 
  she says it should be free for french children only . 
  ( which is weird , because most children , born on french soil , get french citizenship when they turn 18 ), 
  someone please make a movie of this !, 
  how come did n't i know this ????? 
  that 's why insist on people being so polite to each other , so we can say horrible things and still feel distinguished . 
   i love your expression `` bon courage '' which basically means `` i 'm so happy i do n't have to do what you have to do '', 
  so what do you think ? 
  how less condescending and patronising could you be ? 
  that 's what some guy from the same party as him said . 
  that 's what some economist fear . 
  it 's not going to be socially aware reforms , it 's going to be 70s ' uk style reforms ... 
  so they think they 're dangerous instead ? 
  until the ceiling shatters, 
  they should n't be antithetic in a less dogmatic world . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  i 'm just worried my french people are becoming more and more stupid nowadays . 
  beware , for some time le pen has been working on her left side . 
  she will play the protective candidate , the one that will safeguard the french social deal against anglo-saxon inspired brutal measures , the one that can protect them from ( international ) corporate greed . 
  she also carefully try to appear woman rights , gay rights friendly ( she uses that to oppose islam ) . 
  exactly . 
  le pen will play the leftist sovereignty card she 's been keeping in her pocket for the last 5 years . 
  even if fillon 's reform had good results on the long term , she would be the one to reap the benefits by offering protection to the lower middle class people . 
  maybe some of the issues lays there . 
  europe stubbornly apply orthodox economic policies and play by the international trade rules like a good student whereas other big economies do n't hesitate to protect some part of their industries . 
  look at the chinese steel 500 % tariff raise in the us , and the time it took for the eu to finallt take measures agaisnt chinese dumping . 
  but i think that there are some changes to bring internally anyway . 
  that 's because for the last 10 years most analysts points toward germany as the good student , the example to follow , a country of reasonnable people from whom the french should imitate ( which is impossible because the difference in management and organisation culture , as well as economic structure is way too different ) . 
  so you can say that there is a strong `` let 's be germany '' trend . 
  fillon 's plan is much more like `` let 's be thatcher and reagan at the same time '' . 
  some of it 's proposals concerning healthcare for instance basically transform the national insurance scheeme into a kind of medicare only for poor people and only for for life threatening disease , all the rest of medical expenditures being totally given to private insurance companies . 
  ( still with fixed prices though ), 
  we are not germany , nor we are the uk , i agree and i think that 's where fillon makes a severe mistake . 
  as for what kind of change we need , the thing i am sure of is that we need optimism and confidence in ourselves , and fillon is definitely not going to inspire that to french people . 
  france needs labour market reforms , nobody denies it . 
  all candidates in those primary have drawn bold proposals to modernize it , and as the right-wing candidate will probably be elected in may , people are expecting hard changes . 
  but fillon programme is so harsh it is either unachievable or it will have , at least during the first year the opposite effect . 
  other countries that successfully did that at least could play with their currency to alleviate it ; france ca n't . 
  besides , french people will stop buying things altogether and even more money will be put in savings ( france household savings level is already very high ; savings that mostly go to very low risk financial products ) consumption level will dive and most jobs nowadays are directly related to it , not industrial production . 
  in hofstede cultural dimensions , france has an extremely high uncertainty avoidance level , and low masculinity . 
  we are not the champion of anti-depressant use for nothing . 
  we can adapt , but you ca n't apply formulas that worked in radically different cultures without adapting them too . 
  and do n't get me started on his view of social issues . 
  this guy looks kind of moderate but he 's supported by the anti-gay , anti abortion ( and/or any birth control ) groups that gained huge momentum in france since 2013 . 
  censorship is back in cinema ( blue is the warmest color lost its right to be shown in cinemas although it won the palme d'or in cannes ) , anti-hiv campaign posters are threatened to be taken away too because they show 2 men about to kiss ( whereas on newspaper stands you can see porn magazine covers , or ads with puns ultimately comparing all women to prostitutes ) in order to `` protect the children '' . 
  forget the stereotypes of liberal france , it is gone now , and fillon can make sure it is not about to come back any time soon . 
  in french we say `` minuit ( midnight ) something '' or `` zero heure something '' ( `` zero hour '' ) . 
  no i think when we talk about bread we talk about the square white thing you use to make sandwiches . 
  in french we call it `` pain de mie '' because it 's all soft and not crunchy , like there is no crust . 
  it is definitely sweet compared to breads you can find in europe . 
  not sugary sweet , but a little bit . 
  i feel overwhelmed with nostalgia when i remember the last time i snobily ate frog legs back in 1992 . 
  wow what a great design !, 
  it looks like an x-files set !,
