greed , obesity , guns , bigotry , imperialism , guns , hypocrits freedom , entertainment , enthusiasm , entrepreneurship , kind and friendly people i think french people mostly love obama , and hated bush . 
  american litterature is highly esteemed . 
  french people love to say that american things are bad , but secretly they love it . 
  on the other hand we do n't really understand the anti-government culture of the us : no one can understand why a thing like obama-care is not welcome by the majority of the population . 
  same with guns . 
  personaly , i feel a bit uncomfortable with the apparent friendliness of american people , it feels intrusive . 
  i also do n't understand , when i look at some american tv shows and documentary , how they can manage to have such hideous haircuts . 
  ( why so many women insist on having their hair like cocker spaniel dogs ? ), 
  love what eastern europe thinks about western europe !, 
  ( the other way round too ! ), 
  very nice !, 
  can they only choose ? 
  the principle of totalitarian ideology is that people ca n't disagree with the power . 
  the war in syria started when people started to demonstrate for more freedom . 
  al-assad crushed them and this , with the incredible mess left by the westerners in irak , led to the rise of isis . 
  those people are not to blame for the mess in their country . 
  in french it can be extremely impolite to use `` tu '' with strangers , especially the people nobody introduced you to . 
  if a friend that i `` tu '' introduces me to one of hir or hers , i will `` tu '' : i think that 's the only time you can start with a tu , or it has to be a rule . 
  to get my first real job , i had to `` vous '' my interviewer , when she became my manager she told me the first day `` no `` vous '' here , it 's the company culture '' . 
  but if a stranger in the street `` tu '' me to ask me something , i will feel offended and probably just go away without answering his or her request . 
  french cops are even warned that they must not use `` tu '' with civilians because it is too derogatory . 
  they could n't get into gulf countries because of religious issues . 
  syrians are mostly moderate muslims , if they were n't they 's stay in isis . 
  lebanon and jordania are small countries which already have millions of syrian refugees . 
  those people are tired of dictature and war , and when you look at a map , in the end , the only stable countries near by are european countries . 
  the stability of the area is one if not the only great achievement of the union . 
  moreover in terms of geopolitical moves , how can you seriously criticize isis regime , cry at the murders , the rapes , the destruction of old temples and culture and not set an exemple to those people of how decent countries behave ? 
  show them that there is something different than dictatorial or religious state based on terror ? 
  do n't you wan na send a message of who are the good guys ? 
  by not doing so you could fear you give reasons for some to turn to isis instead and come threaten us . 
  especially when it is sensible to say that we ( as europeans and westerners ) are partially if not mostly responsible for the fucked-up situation in syria and irak , be itdirectly ( war in irak ) or indirectly ( former colony partition between france and england , or support of various dictators in the area , including the al-assads ) and have you seen the demographic forecast for germany ? 
  the lowest birth rate in the world , it just passed japan . 
  although i am not in favor a natalist policies , germany desperately need them to keep a sufficient workforce , especially one which has a decent education level . 
  this sentence should tell me all i need to know about you . 
  maybe they 'd rather go for democracy and freedom for a change ? 
  you could be required to permanently keep a beard , or to take your responsibility for letting it grow before hand to be accepted in the country . 
  still that would be imposed on you by your company because of your gender . 
  no big deal , you 'd say . 
  now what if growing a beard was compulsory because men 's cheeks were deemed impure or not decent ? 
  would you like to abide to an act that basically says `` i am less worthy because i am a man so i must conceal by cheeks from god 's face . '', 
  some would be ok with it , i think that some would be right to ask to avoid having to comply to a self depreciatory sign . 
  how is that different as long as you consider that it is inherently linked with your gender ? 
  something that would mark you as a lesser human being guilty of being just on the wrong side of mankind ? 
  i deliberately chose extreme and impossible examples that refer to men 's body integrity . 
  yes , putting on a scarf on one 's head does n't look like a big deal , but the meaning behind it is , and many women in iran would like to have the choice to wear it or not . 
  if my examples seem to far fetched for you , just think about a country where only a group of people , even short term visitors , would have to display a clear sign that would segragate them based on what they are : red-haired could be forced to hide their hair , or atheist be made to wear a special armband , or white people would have to wear gloves because god ( = some men ) said so . 
  i would like to think twice before being sent to such a country . 
  just imagine what if the world had been ruled by women for ever : men would have been used to be considered as property of their wife , not being able to vote or work without their wife 's permission , and would be still judged mostly on how appealing and sexy they are to women : too much , not enough , scandalous because they could cause women to have bad dirty thoughts , so a good , clean , worthy man would be the one which does n't show too much skin , who does n't give his opinion , who does n't show his face , his hand or his hair because of the honor of his sisters , mother or wife . 
  as a man , that would seriously piss me off , and if i lived in a country where some of this situation had improved throug the years , i would be very angry and scared to have to comply with rules of a country where i would be suddenly asked to go by my employer . 
  those flight attendants are not asking to not abide by the iranian laws , they 're asking to opt out from a destination that requires them to go against their belief that they should not be imposed a segragating sign on them ; to a country which was not part of the countries they signed for since it is a new destination for air france . 
  are you so sure ? 
  especially if this hat was a symbol of centuries of being treated with barely more respect than a piece of furniture or an animal , because you would be responsible for the attraction and thoughts that would occur in the mind of people of the opposite sex , and because you would be considered `` dirtier '' and worthless just because of your birth gender . 
  if some female flight attendants are ok with this i do n't mind , but i think the decision to let them decide whether they accept or not to comply with this is the right one . 
  funny how some comments seem to just say `` it 's the law of the country , a veil is no big deal , ca n't they just comply and shut up ? '', 
  just wondering what people would say if those kinds of modesty laws were apllied to men . 
  `` no entrance in the country without a beard '' or `` only circumsized men are allowed '' ... 
  especially if no such laws were enforced on the other gender . 
  let 's also imagine what if there was a segragated state that would require all black staff to use special facilities to keep them apart from the whites . 
  i wonder if people would respond in such a blas\u00e9 way . 
  and if you think of the number of women in iran who really would like to be able to chose for themselves whether they want to wear it or not , and not risk to be humiliated in the street by a `` modesty police '' if too much hair comes out their veil , if think those female crew are in their very right to opt out from going to such a country . 
  firing or recruiting someone on a religious basis is an offense in france . 
  only iran request women to wear the veil as soon as they 're in the country , even saudi arabia is more tolerant concerning international areas like airports and hotels . 
  plus many muslim french girls are against wearing the veil . 
  greece : skordalia ( garlic pur\u00e9e ? ), 
  grilled octopus , all kind of keftedes , ouzo and gyros . 
  the ones you have there have nothing in common with what you get in france . 
  spanish ham can not be beaten . 
  uk real fish and chips with the real batter . 
  it 's like talking the guilt of eating so much fat by stuffing it with a piece of fish . 
  brillant . 
  erasmus experience jumping in a train and get off in the center of koln , brussels , london , amsterdam or bilbao greece beaches , food and sites ( and people ! ), 
  being able to practice german on the south-west coast of france during the summer !, 
  the very least they could do . 
  latvia , lithuania , estonia . 
  i could n't name a city there but for maybe riga ( and i ca n't remember in which of the 3 it is ) . 
  sorry if it is a dumb question , but does n't this infringe the whole common market idea if eu citizens are not treated the same way as uk citizen in the uk ? 
  thank you !, 
  funny how i overestimate the `` you 've got to cope all by yourself '' side of american culture . 
  this seems like decent amount of money by our standards , but when you need to buy health insurance , a retirement plan , pay back ridiculously high student loans and manage consumer credit bills , i guess it is not that much ? 
  thank you for your answer !, 
  i still do n't agree with you on your last point though , i think you are very focused on the concept of `` individual health insurance '' whereas i can not think outside the whole public , state-driven public health policy concept , where the state should tell individuals what they should do with their health , at what age , to ensure that even people without the `` common sense '' or even the ability to save the $ 500 you mentioned can still be protected . 
  what a cultural gap !, 
  well , i get what you say in retrospect of what the article said about the usa health system and a certain trend of treating patients like consumers rather than patients , and doctors over-prescribing exams to please patients , but it bothers me to think that so many people would abuse the system ; i also do n't understand how a policy maker would n't be able to restrict those tests to the people who would be more at risks , like men over 50 for prostate cancer . 
  in france women over 50 get a 100 % free mammography every one or two year , it saved lives , you can not have it 6 times a year because you 're paranoid . 
  and even though being french with quite a generous healthcare , i never thought * someone else is paying * ; we are ** all ** paying for each other . 
  i have a long-term disease with an very expensive treatment totally paid by the public insurance ; the insurance offers me the flu vaccine every year because of the complications thare could be : i do n't have to do it , but i do it anyway not because it is free ( which it is not ) but because it protects me and it protects the society from inducing even more cost . 
  if we stay with the metaphor of the car insurance , is n't it better for the insurance company and the other insured people to prevent accidents or theft as much as possible to reduce the overall cost ? 
  if your car seems to be in perfect working order but has a defect that could cause an accident and that only a thorough check-up could find out , is n't it in both the car owner and the insurance company 's interest that there be an incented or offered check-up of the car ? 
  the cost of providing it could be far lower than the cost of the consequences of not providing it . 
  i do n't understand your first point . 
  i mean i can understand it is not strictly insurable because nothing has happened yet in case of prostate or regular checkups but as part of a global health policy is n't it less costly to have people do regular check-ups and screenings for disease that if left to develop unnoticed , will be much more costly than treated at an early stage ? 
  many car insurance company provide car maintenance services , it prevent bigger repairs and accident therefore they spend less money ( and make more profit or lower their prices ) . 
  if a regular check-up can help diagnose and monitor a type 2 diabetes or a small lump before it turns full cancer at an early stage , you can save thousands and improve your population quality of life . 
  some treatments are badly covered , like dental or eye care , many people just ca n't afford glasses and crowns ; drug reimbursement varies wildly depending on the type of products and the indication ; precarious people ca n't skip a day at work to go to the hospital for tests and follow-ups . 
  people in belgium are so nice , warm and funny i quickly realized that although some speak french they are nothing like us . 
  it must be because of the delicious beers they make . 
  in french the posh accent has very open voyels that last longer on last syllables of words , a bit like in `` fast '' where the `` a '' is very open and lasts long there is a female comedian called florence foresti who impersonnated a very posh , intellectual women . 
  she would change all / e / and / i / to / \u025b / , all / o / to / \u0254 / and / \u00e4 / to / \u0251 / . 
  rs / \u0281 / tend to become a / h / . 
  nasals feel even more ... nasal .
