  parisian french as understood nowadays is not posh , it is too mainstream . 
  real parisian accent is kind of associated with working class , with very stong rs , palatized k and g , different voyels ( / \u00e4 / becomes / \u00e6 / , etc. . . ), 
  so skite should be spelled skight , and bite bight ? 
  would you be ready to discard the spelling through in favor of thru , get rif of the p of `` psychiatrist '' and spell both night and knight nite ? 
  you ca n't throw centuries of spelling away without having the people who learnt it as it was before fear to be seen as fool who ca n't write properly . 
  ognon looks gross . 
  at least they could have simplified it by having the english spelling onion . 
  same prononciation as now , etymologically ok , nice to look at , easy to learn in english . 
  that 's not true . 
  there are many different ways of writing the same sound , but only one way to pronunce what it written with few exceptions . 
  i learned french with the syllabic method i struggled only with digramms like `` ch '' . 
  whereas in english you can never know how to pronunce words with '' - ough '' , and it is full of silent letters too , like in knight or psychology . 
  to me greece is a magical place and greek people are very nice . 
  i will never stop going there ( plus it takes away the guilt of spending far too much money there ) i want to go visit istanbul in the near future but its proximity to syria , the fact that all the european djihadists wannabe use it as a hub to isis and the image of the current government ( because of the war and because of the police attacking people during last year 's gay pride , or erdogan appearing more and more dictatorlike ( to me at least ) ) kind of restrain me from going there next spring , had i thought of going there 5 years ago i would n't have had a second thought and bought a ticket . 
  i am sorry for the people dead or injured there , and for the people of istanbul in general . 
  do n't give in to fear . 
  well we have johnny haliday . 
  thank you uk for having produced so many great artists !, 
  gun culture as america seems to know it is completely foreign to most of us . 
  people have guns in europe whether it 's for hunt or sport but most people aggree that their sale should be strictly limited and framed by the authorities , and people would run away screaming if they saw someone other than a cop having a gun on his belt . 
  so when someone in american speak up for tighter , stricter gun control , most of us europeans are like `` obviously , what are they waiting for ? '', 
  and it is very difficult to understand how pro guns advocate are so numerous . 
  the cultural divide is wide in this topic . 
  the saddest thing is that now people do n't really react when some guy loses it and randomly shoots at people in the us , it 's likes 10 sec in the evening news before they move on to the last soccer match coverage . 
  well i never take them off , do n't have friends who ask me to take them off . 
  to me it 's something you do only when you 're a child when your mother yells at you because she 's just cleaned the floor . 
  even when invited to a fancy dinner with people you do n't know so well ? 
  france . 
  it is impolite to ask guests to remove their shoes . 
  if a guest offers to take their shoes off , the host will ask him to not bother . 
  ( out of politeness and also because it is kind of gross/intimate to see people 's feet ) unless there is a good reason to take them off : soaking wet feet because of rain , or steped in poop ... 
  when it 's your own home , some people remove them right when they come home , some take them off only before getting ready for bed . 
  i do n't think there is a clear pattern . 
  personnaly sleepers are a big no-no , so if i need inside shoes i will use flip-flops or espadrilles . 
  edit : carpets are not so common because it 's considered dirty and unhealthy , so people have either wood or tiles which is easier to clean . 
  i 'm tired reading bullshit connecting this to migrants . 
  all the guys who killed people so far were born in france , raised in france , and just happened to get sucked into an organisation that is very close to a cult ( brainwasing , impossibility to leave , commitment to suicide ) . 
  they acted out of a death drive . 
  the exact opposite of people who just take huge risks to cross the sea and a continent to try to find a better life . 
  if they craved death to get to an hypothetical heaven they would as well stayed in syria or whatever country they came from . 
  so far the guys who slaughtered people in france were french ( or belgian , but what difference does it make ) . 
  born and raised in france . 
  some will say they were not `` ethnic french '' ? 
  tell me what an ethnic french is , i 'm afraid i have none around me even among the whitest ones . 
  they could just say that they are not white enough , not christian enough ( france being one of the most atheist country in the world this makes me laugh . ) . 
  so instead of trying to understand how we came to create monsters within our own ranks , acknowledge the global crisis of islam and the real segragation that exists between whites and non whites and which fuels resentment and a thirst for extreme religious deviance , you want to put the blame on people which are not even here yet . 
  close your door , shut your borders , reject the newcomers . 
  the monsters are already in anyway . 
  you should be more afraid of your neighbors than the newcomers . 
  ps : i know i 'm off topic . 
  it just angers me to read how stuff that happens in my country , where people got killed , hurt , scared , where people of another color which already have it tough have to constantly justify that no , they do n't condone mass murders , is being used , distorted to accomodate xenophobic , self-centered , passeist agenda , to accuse innocent people of horrible things that they ca n't have commited yet since they 're not here . 
  no society would allow softporn primetime . 
  period . 
  there are a number of movie where christian figures are made fun of or desacralised , whether in comedy , horror movies , or just regular movies like the last temptation of christ , work of art like `` piss christ '' ( a crucifix diped in piss ) and theater play were jesus eats its own shit . 
  even in south park . 
  in numerous paintings mary was painted using a prostitue as a model , it created stirs a long time ago but the paintings were not fordiden anyway and nobody raises an eyebrow . 
  and nobody killed for that . 
  islam forbids depictions of muhammad ? 
  fine . 
  let them restrain from drawing it , or eating pork and showing hair for all i care . 
  let it be law in countries where the law says that islam must be protected and blasphemy punished . 
  may anyone who says `` muslims are evil and should be killed '' be punished for hate speech . 
  but let anyone who wants to say `` religion is bullshit '' and draw what they please do . 
  muhammad is not someone that is currently living . 
  drawing him does not collide with the freedom of anyone to believe whatever they want . 
  besides it is not the xcore of their religion not to represent him . 
  the core of their religion is to believe in only one god and reject idolatry . 
  ( which you can argue that 's precisely what they do by giving a god-like status to muhammad and forbiding its image to be drawn ) . 
  whether they want it or not muhammad is an historical figure which belongs to everyone . 
  it 's not because he 's central to a belief system that you should n't be allowed to study him on an historical level , pronounce his name freely , make jokes about him and draw him , otherwise it means that you give more weight to something transcendent which has no physical ground over the right of real people to practive their basic freedom . 
  nothing interfere with muslim people 's right to have their own faith with the specific set of rules they follow . 
  you are not going to outlaw someone who say santa does n't not exist on tv just because it will hurt some children 's feeling and belief system . 
  or if i publish a book or a magazine with `` god does n't exist and religions are just trying to control people 's mind '' on its cover do i infringe people 's right to believe whatever faith they want ? 
  in the south-west of france there is no village where you ca n't hear english . 
  most of them retirees who wanted to buy a house in a quiet and natural environment . 
  ( apparently houses in the countryside are expensive in the uk ... ) . 
  the real estate was cheap , the pound was high so it was good for them . 
  even families with children came , bought old farms to turn them into bed and breakfast etc. . . 
  i guess the french countryside ressembles an `` ideal '' english one with less rain and an image of sweet life . 
  they were welcomed at first , because they brought money and stimulated the local real estate market and spent their money . 
  but gradually local people were less and less able to afford houses whose prices had risen too much because of the brits , and they started to complain that they would not make effort to integrate . 
  many british people were said to just never bother to learn the language and tend to create small communities and not mingle with the locals . 
  some people who tried to come and get a job and a family life here also thought they could manage without learning french and the french way of life and obviously failed and had to go back , some even had to ask for state allowance , or just realized that you can feel very lonely during winter in the countryside of a country were friendship takes time to build and where you 'll always be seen as `` not belonging '' there . 
  ( my parents , french , came from the paris area in the late 70s , they are still refered to as `` parisians '' ... ) on the other hand , it is true that this arrival of brits have helped to bring life to places that were deserted by the french, 
  everybody is allowed to draw picture of muhammad , except muslim believers . 
  they choose to believe it and stick to their rule , fine , but people who do n't believe should n't give a shit about it . 
  france : there is not a universal healthcare system , rather a bunch of different systems which eventually ensure that everybody is covered . 
  but if you 're in the most common one : prescription drug prices are decided by the state . 
  some generic antibiotics can be very cheap ( like 2 euros a 8 day treatment ) some other specialties can be expensive ( like 750 $ for 1 month treatment , some more ) . 
  for some treatment you never know the price as they can only be used in hospitals for deathly disease which are 100 % covered by the state anyway . 
  if you do n't have a side insurance , you go to the pharmacy with your prescription , you only pay the part which is not covered ( usually the state insurance covers 65 % of the drug price , depending on the specialty and the disease for which it is prescribed ) . 
  if you have a side insurance , you do n't have to pay anything as the side insurance will cover the rest . 
  doctors do treat us well , as we are totally free to switch doctors if we like . 
  the state sets a regulated consultation price . 
  ( 23 $ for a gp , more for a specialist ) . 
  the public healthcare system will reimbursed 65 % of that fixed price . 
  it is up to the doctor to stick to the regulated price or to raise it as high as he or she wants . 
  most do or are slightly above not to lose patients . 
  at the doctor office you pay full price , you 'll get reimbursed later by the public healthcare and by your side insurance . 
  usually there is not much waiting before you can get an appointment , except with ophtalmologists ( we 're runinng short of them ) hospitals are a different story , as usually you go there when it 's bad , so usually it is 100 % covered by the public system .
