  instead of hoping for a job to serve another country 's interests , should n't he be working hard on finding a way to make the brexit he campaigned for as painless and smooth as possible ? 
  should n't he be working on solutions to make the future of the uk as good as can be outside of the eu ? 
  i get ashamed at politicians of my own country , but the level of despicability of farage is something i 've never seen . 
  has he got any redeeming quality ? 
  15 or 20 years ago was the time for turkey and eu to speed up things . 
  it 's too late now . 
  that 'd be cool . 
  you ca n't have too much iceland on earth . 
  : - / i am afraid it would split iceland in half though ... 
  and getting wider every year !, 
  french ( native ) , english ( fluent ) , japanese ( fluent ) , some german ( i think i could survive ), 
  well words tend to merge into one another in french , the language hates when the flow is interrupted ( hence the amazing amount of filler words ) i guess the best is to not worry how words are spelled and rather focus on the spoken language not to be messed up by the orthography ... 
  as a french , italian is probably the easiest romance language for me ( well maybe ex aequo with catalan ) . 
  people complain about our orthography and our silent lettes but if we had n't kept them we would have a really hard time grasping words in italian or spanish ... 
  really interesting but i do n't think it 's up to date with the current trends for what i observed . 
  in france , small to medium size town centers are becoming depopulated . 
  people who can afford it move to the immediate countriside in individual houses , with garden and pool and 2 cars . 
  they shop only by car in periurban commercial zones ( basically huge shops that look like fancy warehouse along main roads ; you do n't need to get inside the town anymore ) . 
  city centres shops , bars and restaurant are closing at an alarming pace , being replaced by real estate agents , banks and pharmacies . 
  the only new shops care to the needs of poorer people who ca n't get aways ( usually immigrants or people of immigrant descent , or small pension retirees , so it 's mostly halal butchers , kebab , grocery stores and nursing aids . ), 
  my home town was a bit dull but alive with people running errands , small bars , flower until the mid 90s . 
  nowadays it feels like a ghost town even on a saturday afternoon . 
  the only moment you see a bit of life back is during the summer when british and dutch tourists come . 
  what is fun though is that the city services spent a lot of money rehabilitating the historical buildings ( romanesque ) , inhabitants are proud of it but actually never come to see it anymore . 
  lies !, 
  no hospital in france serves croissants for breakfast . 
  croissants are against any dietetary rules hospitals try to follow for meals . 
  i wish the situation were clearer for those territories . 
  french peopleknow what doms are , they 're little bits of france scattered around the globe , but the status of toms are really hard to grasp to us . 
  i saw a documentary recently about french territories ( saint pierre et miquelon , or nouvelle-cal\u00e9donie ) . 
  in new-caledonia the teachers had to print weather maps themselves , france impose all schools to have the same array of schools books that the school has to pick and all of them only talk about european france . 
  that 's unfair and i would be very pissed if i was an inhabitant . 
  and even if i find the caledonian and tahitian accents in french the loveliest things , not recognizing local languages ( france having not ratified the directive on regional language ) is a shame . 
  i guess both would agree . 
  what is a religious education if not teaching a doctrine ? 
  the fact that what was a neutral religious term has taken the meaning of brainwashing and is nowadays used by a pope is quite funny . 
  you could argue that catholic indoctrination is less insidious since it 's called `` sunday school '' or catechism ... 
  working holiday visas are great tools to go abroad and get to know the culture without too much red-tape . 
  i did it in japan , best experience of my life . 
  a pope criticizing `` insidious indoctrination '' . 
  what is the catholic church if not an indoctrination ? 
  he can teach his followers whatever he wants , that women are designed to stay home to make children and cook when their husbands can have a career and bring the dow , but he has no saying in what 's in school books and programmes . 
  church out of school . 
  frenchmen are lazy frenchmen stink i ca n't decide which one i hate the most, 
  languages change get over it . 
  * ( but they 'll never take our \u00fb and \u00ee ) *, 
  it 's time to tell sarkozy he 's place is in retirement . 
  this rat would say his mother was a whore if it 'd bring him some votes . 
  i 'd say christian influence , secular people . 
  maybe only china or japan care less about religions compared to us . 
  * at the guardian morning meeting : * `` let 's make a new article about france , it 's always a clickfest !, 
  _ well . . , i 've read some things about an obscure royalist-catholic fundamentalist association that asks for the return of some king , but it seems 99 % of the population does n't know and does n't give a f. . . '' _ great , just make sure to have the title look like it 's the state of france doing something crazy , nobody cares anyway ; think about the clicks ! '', 
  i 'm not saying i would go to war . 
  the country is just on the edge , tensions are ready to burst . 
  were she to be elected , some people would not accept her rule and say that voters are just uneducated white trash or frightened old ladies , just like in the uk after the brexit vote , and consider the vote to be not valid . 
  the first incident in the suburbs would set them ablaze , the first perceived abuse of power by a figure of state authority ( eg a crs beating some guy in a demo ) would be seen as condoned by the government , which would trigger more demos etc. . . look at the mess which happens in france each time a law is voted that is not accepted by some people , no matter how democratic the law is . 
  people get hurt and respond by setting police officer in fire , in return the police uses more violence etc. . . 
  it does n't take much more than one big demo to turn into a warfare like mess , and i think the french are prone to that kind of behavior . 
  left wing was more a lower middle class thing in france . 
  people whom are said they must work more and let go a lot of social protection . 
  le pen is showing herself as their champion who will protect them both from immigration and globalization . 
  a lot of right wing people are really against her . 
  her vote reserve is more on the traditionally left wing people nowadays, 
  this is being over dramatic but i think civil war , at least very strong unrest . 
  much worse . 
  chirac was no angel ( and surely not an innocent ) , but at least he seemed to have real beliefs , values and a sense of what the president job was about in terms of symbols and dignity , and le pen ( the father ) never wanted nor believed he could get to power ; besides he was too extreme to get as many votes as his daughter . 
  she will be at the 2nd round no matter what . 
  the idea of having to choose between sarkozy and le pen leaves me and most people i know completely stunned . 
  this debate makes me sick . 
  it 's either all white or all black , like banning them is the worst racist move and letting them is letting a creepy mysoginistic culture taking over france . 
  everybody is talking about principles and not looking at the current mindset of the french society after 2 years of attacks . 
  the people here are on edge , 2 days ago there were injured people because some people heard crackers and immediately thought it was machine guns . 
  the people in the bataclan were killed because of their alledged `` debauchery '' and `` immodesty '' and now some people argue in favor of the burkini as `` modest '' fashion when in the mind of french people , the times when a women had to be totally covered only remind us of a time without contraception , when women could note vote or work with a `` moral police '' that could keep track of the citizens sex habits . 
  every french people associate religion with that kind of thing , i even think that our definition of `` religious freedom '' is more `` freedom from religion '' than anything else , and after 2 years of slaughters in the name of religion , people demand that we accept their attire because ours is not `` modest '' enough ? 
  even if i think anybody should be allowed to wear whatever makes him or her feel good , i totally understand that people freak out about this and that a mayor can make the decision that he thinks will keep his citizens the safest . 
  when i was studying in the uk ( thanx erasmus ! ), 
  i would always be very careful when going home alone at night . 
  if ever talked to by a bunch of ( usually drunk ) young english guys i would not respond to them or try to keep my answers minimal , so that my accent would n't betray me as french , i had exerienced the `` go back to your country bloody frog '' or other slurs , not said as a light and casual tone . 
  the uk is a great country , the majority of brits are decent people but it feels like there 's always this xenophobic thing in the dark , ready to get unleashed in some of them . 
  well the french already have in high school but it does n't make us any less stupid as far as voting goes ... just better hypocrits . 
  education system failure ? 
  i do n't get all the fuss about the apparent `` race '' of some of them . 
  are n't there black germans ? 
  those are just people painted in some countries colours , not archetypical nationals , or they would be much less nice to look at . 
  with all the foreigners currently in france for the euro , it would take 20 kg and 2 g/l blood alcohol more on each of these models to only begin to get closer to the sad reality . 
  good , hopefully the people who took this decision have perfectly clean hands . 
  hopefully . 
  so you 'd rather have no food production and food safety in europe for the sake of ideology ? 
  food is incredibly cheap already , to the extent that farmers , with all the mechanization they can get ca n't make it without subsidies . 
  so you 're suggesting that we should get rid of farmers , or let agricultural wages get so low that our food would be made by people who would be little more than slaves , like the ones picking palm oil for almost nothing in africa ? 
  i think internet happened . 
  every body can access a lot of information that looks true because it is written somewhere and widely accesssible , and anyone can produce content very easily . 
  there is no more `` filter '' based on academical or political legitimacy , it 's become almost the opposite : the more established a source looks , the more suspicious it seems , whereas the most obscure piece of news without any proof can be pushed to the headline by playing on basic emotions like fear and distrust . 
  people are no longer able to react rationaly . 
  religion then replace the void in their head . 
  well the eu is less protectionist than the us or china , the average u.s. farmer receives $ 16,000 in annual subsidies and a lot of american markets are by law forbiden to foreign companies . 
  eu is the one which plays by the rules when the others do n't and gets fucked for it . 
  i do n't get that people ca n't understand and accept that every freedom comes with some restrictions : i can walk where ever i like except in areas that are forbiden to me , like in some hospital wards ; i can say whatever i want , however loud i want except in places where i have to stay quiet ; i can wear any piece of clothing i want except in places where a dress code is implemented . 
  a schooll is a place with a specific purpose , teach according to a set schedule , and if the director of the school decides that it should be the sole purpose of their institution then people have to comply with it . 
  or is there less poverty in more individualist countries because modern capitalism is born of an individualist culture , and might not be fit for more collectivist cultures ?
