  and less teen-pregnant-ish . 
  no i was right in the middle of nowhere ( somewhere in aquitaine ), 
  not greeting back in japan is unsettling sometimes ... 
  i had made a point in always greeting and being polite to the employees of my local konbini . 
  not greeting back in france is a gateway to customer hell . 
   i found the coldness of latvians to be refreshing after france are you implying you found french people overwhelmingly warm ? 
  err ... , is latvia the country of the white walkers ? 
  i never heard we were warm , i only heard we were snutty assholes . 
  i felt the baker would throw my change in my face like `` you got your chocolatine now get the hell off ! '' . 
  when i think i got annoyed sometimes by the extreme politeness in shops in japan ... ( sigh ), 
  well stereotypes must come from somewhere , mus n't they ? 
  ;-) it was far worse when i came back from one year in japan though . 
  during 2 months , i seriously thought that every french people i met was deliberately mean to me . 
  even my own mother for god 's sake . 
  men too , although it 's less ... visible . 
  actually i got used to just wearing a short sleeved shirt at night in winter . 
  i guess i really wanted to blend in , but drinking a lot in a very short amount of time did help . 
  france . 
  the land of well-dressed , rude stuck-up people then . 
  i was on an exchange programme between my university and a university in the uk . 
  this may seem arrogant , but when i came back i found that everyone was looking good ( at least slim and well dressed ) , and that girls seemed very prude . 
  also i could n't watch dubbed tv show anymore as i could see that the words would not match the actors ' lips . 
  i had also been influenced by some british politeness and my friends would say `` stop being so polite , it 's embarassing '' . 
  i thought it was the same all over europe . 
  good luck for finding ethnic breakdown in france !, 
  i personaly do n't know , you can ask directly on r/france / , you can ask in english without problem . 
  that sounds great , but it illustrate the difference we have about money : i know my debit card has some advantage too ( free insurance in what you buy with it ) but we just do n't really know/care/speak about it on european parts of reddit ; among friends we do sometimes speak about real estate loan interest rates though . 
  come on , the thread is about what we often read on reddit that is not really a concern for us . 
  it is true that there are a lot a money stories which we do n't relate to ( which i think is also because talking about money is something we do n't do much ) i do n't get the freedom of ownership thing though . 
  we can have guns and animals . 
  well something is definitely not working here . 
  some people argue in favor of it . 
  is it only the constitution ? 
  is it a problem with the education system , or the media ? 
  french people love to say `` we should do this , we will do that '' but when it comes to action nobody does anything not to alienate potential voters , so usually things can only be done in france the year , if not months right after the presidential elections because afterwards they get paralyzed out of fear not to be reelected . 
  i guess the same can be said about other countries but in france it takes ridiculous proportions . 
  so common people come to turn to far right leader who just blame the other parties for inaction but instead of proposing real reform just point the finger at external reasons : the eu , the foreigners , etc. 
  yes !, 
  i am always amazed at how american people have problems dealing with loans , interest rate and credit card bills . 
  the good thing is they understand banking and finance better than i will ever do !, 
  probably not , and i do n't think any future president will be . 
  the function , its election process and his perceived prerogatives are cause for demagogy , impossibility to hold on promises and perpetual disappointment . 
  the constitution is tailored for half-monarchs presidents . 
  people comment on freedom of speech as if it 's not real freedom if there are limitations . 
  freedom does n't exist if it is not limited , that 's was laws do . 
  nobody can tell me where i can go when i please , but is n't it normal to say that i ca n't go to hazardous places , restricted area or places where my presence could be harmful to the interest of others or the state ? 
  dieudonn\u00e9 is clearly aiming at one community , which is constantly under threat , basically saying his audience `` they are responsible for your misery because they are jews and do things that jews do , that is stealing your money and controlling everything in the shadow '' . 
  such a 1930s feel . 
  he 's not only saying `` judaism or zionism is a bad ideology '' he 's saying `` jews are bad people by birth '' and audience , which consists of many different kind of people but has a large share of people who suffer every day discrimination and are entitled to complain about the way they 're treated , are all to happy to be presented with identified target to blame . 
  this is dangerous , especially in a countries where children were executed at contact shots just because they were on their way to a jewish school . 
  japan had developed well before ww2 ; even if you compare it with the forced opening of the country after the perry expedition in 1853 there is absolutely no possible comparison with the incorporation of land , its resources and inhabitants into an empire totally controlled by a remote power for decades . 
  japan developed its industry during ww 1 , when europe was busy at war , and they had created a modern state by sending people in europe to observe the different systems of the time and they picked what they thought were the best from the uk , germany and france , and willingly adopted some western elements and adapted them to the japanese society . 
  it was not forced on them . 
  post ww2 japan got its constitution as soon as 1947 , restarted an economy with the us help but was never colonised . 
  ( unless you say that all defeated countries were colonized by the us after the war ), 
  sorry for exaggerating . 
  indus valley civilisation can not compete with such a lovely cottage by the see . 
  europe was a collection of warring kingdom too , maybe if we had been colonised it would have saved the pain of building the eu ? 
  what is done is done , but you ca n't say indian people should show some `` gratitude '' and that british india was set up with any concern to the well-being and development of the area , the adoption of some western techniques and organizations is a natural consequence of acculturation . 
  and i am not saying that the brits should give the diamond back , just that the `` they owe us '' point is hypocrisy . 
  nor am i saying that the french are better than the british . 
  in many respects we were worse . 
  i ca n't help smiling at the comments of englishmen saying `` we brought them railroads , laws and tribunals , they should be grateful and yet they want something back '' . 
  such a french thing to say . 
  like they did n't already have litterature and a complex culture , when english peasants were still learning how to milk sheep . 
  like there are n't any example of countries which developped greatly without having been colonized ( japan ? ), 
  on the other hand most of the countries that were colonised dis n't fare very well either . 
  i do n't know enough of the british indian colonisation history , but i doubt the railroads , the buildings were built for other purpose than to effectively move crops and commodities and ensure that business would run smoothly . 
  at least they were lucky enough not to receive the same treatment you gave to the native americans and australians . 
  so although i doubt there is a point in reclaiming a big stone that was taken years ago and that is part of history , i find it at best naive if not utterly stupid to go on with the `` white man 's burden '' kind of rhethoric . 
  without the money generated by its former empire who knows what britain would be today ? 
  the only common names in french i can think of are langlois : english germain : german but germain in french also means `` which share the same father and mother '' or `` from brothers '' , or `` neighbors '' so i do n't know if it specifically refers to the ethnicity . 
  i had a school teacher whose name was `` allemand '' ( german ) but i do n't think it is a common name . 
  most french names come from natural elements ( forest `` lafor\u00eat '' , fields `` deschamps , duchamp '' , river `` rivi\u00e8re '' ) or geographical names within the modern french territory . 
  what parent would n't worry their child is not properly fed when away ? 
  when i went in the uk during high school my mother was appalled by what i had eaten . 
  ( fried food everyday , sandwiches , no vegetables and only one sitting meal a day ) this was definitely bad in term of health . 
  i think it 's ridiculous to think that french people do n't speak french because they think every body should speak french or because they think french is superior in any way . 
  individuals just do n't think about such things and `` refuse '' to speak english , i ca n't think of any pupils or student saying `` sorry professor , my national pride forbids me to make effort to learn the most useful language in the world '' . 
  french are just as big consumers of culture in english as are many of their neighbours . 
  i think the reason are internal to the french society . 
  the school system is based on knowledge learnt only to get grades which are everything . 
  knowledge is never shown as something that will be put to use one day but only an amount of things you 've got to know in order to pass the next exam . 
  the other thing is a sense of ridicule that is very widespread among french . 
  french humour is mean and often as the expense of people who do n't fit in what is deemed `` acceptable '' , hence the fact that people in france tend to dress the same and that eccentricity is seldom seen . 
  when i was in english class , nobody would dare speak and make sentence in english because any mistake would mean being ashamed , trying to have a good accent seen as being pedantic and showing oneself as `` better than the others '' ; and this happened during all the course of my scolarity not matter how good was the teacher or how hard he tried to have the students speak . 
  personally i think i can speak conversational english today but it still is one of the most intimidating thing to do because i fear people will laugh at me or think i am stupid , although i 've always been drawn to the language and the culture . 
  on top of that the sounds in english are very remote from the ones found in french ( consonant clusters , diphthongs , etc ) . 
  i guess it would take a huge educational reform and a collective psychotherapy for us to improve in english ... 
  food in regular restaurants is rarely good , and they ca n't make real good croissant anymore . 
  architecture is meh , shops are just cheap cloths chainstores , a lot a thugs , roma beggars , tired call-girls and hideously dressed and vulgar tourists with selfie sticks . 
  another useless overpriced expenditure to satisfy a president 's megalomania and give nice contracts to his friends . 
  ever since we chopped the king 's head off we crave for new kings . 
  the president of the 5th republic is basically an elected king with a lot of power : we expect him to solve everything , of course he never succeds so we want his head ; he lives in a castle , has mistresses and can repudiate his favorite in public , and is surrounded by a court of people who are like the aristocracy of the civil servants and went to the same school as him . 
  as a result the political debate always resort to `` who 's gon na be the next king '' and no issue can be treated solely based on cold facts . 
  i understand that many people are tired of this and think they 'd be better off with a dictator ( and have a king for good ) personnaly i think we should shift to a system with more power to the parliament like in the surrounding countries . 
  maybe we would have more pragmatic laws instead of demagogic ones , but i am naive . 
  do n't forget reagan . 
  should n't he be happy that the uk voted leave already ? 
  this man is mental .
