umm a pegi 18 monster hunter, 
  oh no i hope you can cope with this somehow and i 'm so sorry for your loss, 
  that controller does seem pretty mockuppy, 
  6am here ( finland ), 
  my biggest fear is that third parties will ditch it again . 
  wow that 's so amazing . 
  i wish i could draw as well . 
  i own a wii u and i did n't even know that, 
  that was almost perfect you should ' t have said you like the nintendo switch, 
  that was almost perfect you should ' t have said you like the nintendo switch, 
  that 's what i thought the whole time, 
  blue and red, 
  well you coul 'd always subscribe, 
  mee too but i ca n't afford it yet and plan to purchase super mario odyssey at first, 
  that was so beautiful i almost teared up wellcome back . 
  even though i might not have been a huge gamer even in the game cube era i had a ps2 back then . 
  i know you must be right . 
  i think nintendo should market it as it is a console hybrid you can play at home and on the go . 
  g i wonder what could that be, 
  finland is worse it costs 351 eur ( 373 usd ) here including tax . 
  why are people saying that 's a bad line up, 
  why are people saying that 's a bad line up, 
  i ca n't tell if this is sarcasm or not, 
  and there was dragon quest warriors ii witch is also coming to the switch, 
  i would say it 's both, 
  maybe not super important but they would n't hurt either, 
  that 's weird cause in finnish gamestops you can pick the produckts up from the store, 
  of course they wo n't, 
  of course they wo n't, 
  we are getting it already it 's super mario odyssey ;-p, 
  ok that already goes beyond wierd, 
  jealousity the feeling that brings people together . 
  usually if 10 % of a survey says they want to buy one that does n't mean 10 % of the population will buy one . 
  still those are positive numbers . 
  sakurai did say that he want 's to take a break, 
  some people might want to talk about strategies through online chat . 
  i do n't play online that much so this would n't affect me that much but i can see why people would be anoyed . 
  i think even if they release a new handheld with the switch they will still release all the games on switch especially if it foes well . 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss but i 'm glad that video games can bring you some light and hope in these dark times, 
  well at least as an adult you have the money to get it on launch day, 
  well the vita kinda did that already ;-), 
  well those are just platinum coins, 
  what are the following websites, 
  you can get some games for free, 
  well the virtual console might not be ready at launch, 
  i think that hard mode should be free but other than that seems fair and good, 
  umm why exactly is nintendo advertising fifa in japan or am i missing something here, 
  nintendo always shafts canadians please understand, 
  that does n't mean it 's based on the ps3 version cause not every football player uses their first name initials, 
  nintendo has baisicly never talked about specs, 
  well the switch can run it and it 's based on arm, 
  of course i do i 'm a finn, 
  that 's actually really cool, 
  that just looks fucking adorable, 
  i doubt nintendo is reading this just being reallistic here, 
  oh so swedes are getting even more screwed than finns, 
  - cnet places the switch on the dock and tries to use touch screen, 
  `` the switch touch screen does n't even work switch fail ??? '', 
  this game is so freaking adorable, 
  and it made it clear that if it snaps out of the system you can put it back, 
  well actually nintendo owns the pok\u00e9mon brand 100 %, 
  i think these are genuine reactions but we have to remember he 's getting payed by nintendo, 
  neither have i, 
  well this seems very good for nintendo ( no disrespect for sony or their fans, 
  daamn that 's some big stock good for you americans d - :, 
  only down side it does n't have analog triggers, 
  but if you have a pc why do you need a switch for third party games, 
  of course it needs them but do you, 
  but it could fix the joy-con desync issue, 
  i thought the 279 kr you spare would be the price of breath oh the wild there, 
  ok i was wrong sorry for bad information, 
  but the console still costs a bit more there and let 's just say we both are getting screwed, 
  and id say finland also, 
  it 's coming to europe and north america also, 
  but for example ign seems to have too high expectations . 
  umm three games from nintendo this year ? 
  zelda , snipperclips , mario odyssey , mariokart , splatoon 2 and xenoblade chronicles 2 and more to come 100 % at e3, 
  i 'd say so yea . 
  yea they do n't ad enough to the games and are kind of a waste of money ( in my opinnion ) . 
  i do n't own one . 
  so now spawn wave has officially no work anymore, 
  not me cause ido n't have the money yet d - :, 
  let 's cry together, 
  well i wont get it in a week because i 'm a high school student, 
  i thank god the console is portable so i can play it in school brakes cause i would n't have much tim for it othewise because of homework and hobbies, 
  i would never leave the school i 'm in before i graduate, 
  why ca n't every gamer just be respectfull towards eachother, 
  oh god is that fahrenheit, 
  i feel you :(, 
  thats so awesome the power of video games i hope the best for both of you, 
  get well soon my fellow nintendo enthusiast, 
  did n't spawn wawe find out it was glued, 
  i feel you bro d - :, 
  i think that there was also some alternate costumes in smash 4, 
  some nice lunch you have there, 
  well not everyone has owned a 3ds , a ds or a gameboy, 
  well i 'm thinking about selling my wii u so yea, 
  umm he already did that read the whole post, 
  even the joycon issues are a minority and zelda 's fps ca n't be fixed it 's just that it 's not fully optimised for the switch because they made it for the wiiu first and of cours it depends on the switches harware as well . 
  yea i kinda thought so but just wanted to make sure .
