does n't he realise that turkey 's best chance of being influential in the post-assad syria is fighting with the west and not against it ? 
  the only faction in syria that could really benefit them is the moderate rebels . 
  well , much more than the other major powers . 
  the balkans and the july crisis were a spark . 
  germany and austria-hungary 's ambitions for war was the real powder keg . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with your wider point , but i thought something similar when i read the title : it seems like communism/socialism did a lot better than neoliberalism at attracting psychos to the top jobs . 
   think about how wildly the interests of scotland and the city of london diverge . 
  yet currently every action the uk takes is solely based on appeasing the banks , justified by `` so they do n't move and we lose business '' even if you wanted argue that the majority of the u.k. / scotland 's social problems are caused by the financial sector ( which i do n't necessarily believe ) , monbiot needs to be a lot more specific about it and the reasons why the situation would be improved by independence . 
  the paragraph about the pound holding back manufacturing was the only substantial part of the article . 
   this was the main argument in a similar debate : eu integration and a financial tax . 
  like the article says , apparently that suddenly represents a horrible loss of autonomy while scotland suffers way worse , yet it 's supposed to be ok for scotland because they gain `` advantage '' from it . 
  yes i agree a person would be a hypocrite if they made an unqualified statement that autonomy for the u.k. from the e.u. 
  is good , while scottish autonomy from the u.k. is bad . 
  however that 's a bit of a strawman argument , and blanket notions of `` autonomy '' do n't make up the meat and bones of the independence debate . 
  im usually a fan of monbiot but this argument is pretty weak . 
  a bunch of platitudes about things that are wrong with the u.k. , and a zero-context hypothetical country giving up its sovereignty , does n't make for a good argument about whether or not scotland would be advantaged by independence or not . 
  what ? 
  ... and people think the main factor in british euroskepticism is about wanting to cling to the u.s. 
  what about 1941 to 1964 ? 
  from winning the great patriotic war through to putting the first man in space or peter the great or catherine the great ? 
  plus after portugal joins we 're just insulting the usa, 
  kitchener forsaw a destructive quagmire of a war and predicted it would last at least three years . 
  i actually subscribe to the fischer 's thesis about the causes of wwi , which was a revisionist theory that emerged in germany in the 60s , so i accept that you disagree but im not simply regurgitating some nationalist official history from just after the war or anything . 
  not only was the british empire fundamentally immoral , but most other european peoples seemed to cope just fine without being imperialistic . 
  bismark did n't even see any rational benefit in obtaining colonies , but the kaiser wanted an empire for the most vain reasons possible . 
  even if we 're sympathetic to his desires , he pursued them in the most bellicose fashion possible , an eventual consequence of which was the loss millions of lives . 
  so , no , i am not at all sympathetic to germany 's desire for an empire and i sure as hell do n't see it as a reasonable basis for its aggression against countries like serbia and belgum which had nothing whatsoever to do with it . 
  germany was absolutely the aggressor of wwi . 
  wwi was not anymore ` avoidable ' than wwii was ; it was just as much a product of german aggression from the dismissal of bismark , the moroccan crisis , the naval buildup , and austria 's blank cheque . 
  there was even a meeting in 1912 with the express conclusion that germany would attack france at the first possible opportunity . 
  the very alliance system that most people blame the war on was a direct product of kaiser wilhelm 's reckless foreign policy . 
  i 'm not out to portray a one sided view of the conflict or promote any kind of nationalism , but this blase moral equivalence that some people have towards the causes and responsibilities of wwi is a bit of a bugbear for me . 
  i agree that it it 's a huge problem that people project ideals of democracy and freedom onto what was essentially a giant power struggle . 
  however britain 's commemoration of the wars is far more plaintive than patriotic , and i would bet that on average most other countries would be just as , if not more nationalistic . 
  the article tries to say otherwise but is * very * scarcely backed up ; the 100 objects book is at best an illustration of his point rather than than any conclusive evidence . 
  germany 's self-definition when it comes to the world wars is rightly commended as especially enlightened . 
  the idea that the world `` sleepwalked '' into world war i as endorsed by the article disregards and dilutes the fact that germany was the aggressor and hence disregards and dilutes the noble attempt by germany to grapple with the moral difficulty of commemorating the war . 
  you can only use high powered machinery if it 's aimed at civilians, 
  britain 's performance in the war has a huge amount of prestige in pop history compared to the majority of european countries that are too often stigmatised as cowardly , incompetent , evil , machiavellian or simply just irrelevant . 
  try telling serbia or greece that britain does n't get enough credit ( i 'm english for the record ) . 
  beautiful place however, 
  it applies to only one 200km stretch of highway . 
  all other roads have speed limits . 
  id link you but im at work, 
  not to mention there 's a bit of a cowboy mentality in the northern territory . 
  speed limits were imposed for a short time recently , but were revoked again by the petrol-head chief minister . 
  please tell me the rocketman is not being homosexuals as i love that record . 
  everyone was ( rightly ) upset by that drowned boy but this is only going to encourage more human trafficing . 
  expect many more people dying in lorries and people drowning in the mediterranean . 
  not to mention that you ca n't legally send them to camps in turkey , lebanon or jordan . 
  within europe they 're economic migrants but on a global level they 're refugees . 
  they can be both, 
  or just simply for more viewers/readers, 
  the title is funny enough, 
  just speculation here , but maybe the eurozone negotiators told the greek government after the referendum that they 'll recommence negotiations if varoufakis is let go, 
  this does n't necessarily indicate that the government thinks facts in the report are too horrible for the public to face . 
  it could have been leaked with the president 's consent to influence public opinion . 
  stalin deployed only the dankest maymays, 
  `` the letters ` u.s.a. ', 
  stencilled on the side were translated as ` ubit sukina syna adolfa ' - ` to kil that son of a bitch adolf ' '' - russia 's war : a history of the soviet effort - richard overy, 
  check the link . 
  i do n't speak a word of russian myself, 
  a university lecturer told us once that they russians did n't mind it when equipment still had u.s.a. painted on it , because they just told their men that it was an acronym for `` kill that son of a bitch adolf '' ( which works out to be u.s.a in russian/cyrillic ) . 
  i ca n't vouch for how true that is , though . 
  edit : turns out its true : https://books.google.com.au/books?id=ulyrqlw4pu4c&amp;pg=pt184&amp;lpg=pt184&amp;dq=usa+jeeps+kill+that+son+of+a+bitch+adolf&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=khfg9p4pru&amp;sig=d7j8njsje_1dvplvi8sgwnteqdg&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=rkwpvdb7hiawmwxq3ohiag&amp;ved=0cb0q6aewaa#v=onepage&amp;q=usa%20jeeps%20kill%20that%20son%20of%20a%20bitch%20adolf&amp;f=false, 
  the entire british government wanted to avoid a war , so its not so much a question of king george v 's power . 
  wilhelm was a bit of a tortured anglophile who had a bit a strange set of feelings towards his british ancestors , plus he let his own pathological issues drive german policy , so between those factors i think it 's totally possible he would have deferred to her . 
  probably what they said about malaysian airlines before some goons shot a plane out of the sky with putin 's missiles . 
   uk mainly ruled the world and left shit-fest-europe to kill itself . 
  you could have just not written this sentence . 
  that 's 5 less seconds * and * it would have improved your post . 
  two birds with one stone for a busy man like you !, 
  your overall image of the issue has some truth to it , but you break it down like some american teenager on / r/todayilearned , steamrolling any nuance in order to impress people with a bold and cutting explanation . 
  why is everyone going too far here ? 
  junker equates euroscepticism with warmongering . 
  fox equates britain 's role in wwii to saving europe from itself . 
  and now you characterise every british policy towards the continent since the hundred years war as benevolently balancing hordes of murderous europeans against each other . 
   watching the * racist and xenophobic * teenagers and adult morons of the world converse while sending each other wikipedia sources . 
  do n't bother . 
  this sub has abandoned any sense of proportion , moderation or accuracy when it comes to the refugee issue . 
  it 's a shame . 
  this place used to mock / r/european but now it 's basically turning into it . 
  well of all the groups of people you could encourage someone to `` kill all of '' , `` kill white men '' is probably one of the least likely to inspire actual violence . 
  so far his is the first visible comment with supporting evidence so if anyone 's doing mental gymnastics that would be you , mate, 
  is helping assad barrel bomb hospitals your idea of good ? 
  mate you type like you 're about 14 . 
  in response to :  muslims can seek religious rights and privileges in non-muslim countries , but non-muslims who seek the same rights and privileges in muslim countries will be laughed away or harmed . 
  ... i said there are non-muslims who practice in some muslim countries , just as there are muslims who practice in non-muslim countries . 
  i 'm not saying all muslim countries are tolerant . 
  anyway even if your country has an oppressive government , that does n't make you a hypocrite for wanting to worship once you migrate to another country , which is what this threads actually about . 
  anyway i 've made my point . 
  that 's it . 
    many people practice christianity  as secretly and non threateningly as possible . 
   i could n't even wear this silver cross around my neck in many countries where christianity has a great history , please do n't pretend like they are the same thing . 
  in lebanon the president is guaranteed to always be a christian . 
  in egypt the muslim brotherhood is outlawed while christianity is protected as a `` heavenly religion '' . 
  i 'm not saying christians arent discriminated against by the state but it 's hardly the `` too scared to wear a crucifix '' situation you are describing . 
    go back to / r/the _ donald  when ever people say `` you 're a racist/nazi/bigot '' ( something reddit likes to say / r/the _ donald is full of ) it automatically makes me think they are dumb children who ca n't really form an argument i never said anything about him or the donald being racist or nazi . 
  i was referring to his scoffing tone and his south park meme which fit the tone of the donald . 
  what makes saudi arabia the most religious ?
