ah yes , very sad the cherished , century long tradition of wanking to european porn is getting lost . 
  yes , but i think it 's really gross . 
  during my 12 years in school there were maybe 3 or 4 days that we did n't have school because of the weather . 
  it was always because of icy roads though , not because of snow . 
  snow was only a problem twice for a couple of weeks when we were n't allowed to use the swimming pool and the gymnasium . 
  the snow load on the roof became so heavy that they were afraid it might fall in . 
  i was so scared of him as a child . 
  and we only have the pussy knecht rupprecht version , not the straight up monster one . 
  i was a real brat all year round , but those days from the first of december until st. nicolas i was an angel in the hope that krampus would think i 'm going to be a better child now and not hit me with the stick . 
  what region are you from ? 
  i 'm thinking rheinland , but i 'm not sure why . 
   going out , getting out of the house at 1 am only to find out that your friends are still having dinner . 
  i loved that so much about spain . 
  on a friday night i could come home from work , get a full night 's sleep and wake up at 12 and then still have enough time to get ready before going out . 
  no , but she did tell me that i 'm setting a bad example for them . 
  getting screamed at by an old lady because i did n't wait for the red light to turn green before crossing a completely empty street at like 12 at night . 
  i 'm quite touchy with my very good friends , but not with everyone else . 
  i 'm generally not a fan . 
  i lived in spain for a while and it was super strange at the beginning that everyone always had their hands all over me . 
  even people i had just met . 
  i got used to it after a while though . 
  yes , i used to be a member of a shooting club when i was younger . 
  bad eye-body coordination and no sense of balance does n't make skiing very fun . 
  though these days i mainly just chill in the cabin with a plate of kaiserschmarrn while my friends do the hard work . 
  germany , austria , czech republic , poland , switzerland , france , spain , portugal , italy , greece , bulgaria , uk ( england and scotland ) . 
  turkey as well if you want to count it . 
  my favourite was spain . 
  ca n't really say that i had a least favourite because i like it everywhere . 
  probably enjoyed austria least though because i was always there mostly for skiing and i do n't like that . 
  i have a buy local attitude in so far that i would prefer to buy from a small bookstore . 
  i do however not care if i give my money to a huge german chain or a huge british one . 
  we have supermarkets and discount supermarkets here . 
  aldi is a discount one and they are all like yours . 
  supermarkets have all the stuff you mentioned in point 3 ( except lobster tanks , never seen those ) . 
  you generally bag your stuff yourself everywhere and the money for the shopping cart is also standard everywhere . 
  horst seehofer , the minister president of bavaria and winfried kretschmann , the minister president of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg, 
  i 'm going to plug peter frankenfeld explaining the weather in different [ dialects . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puoeycg0wyq ), 
  unisex bathrooms are n't common in germany . 
  you maybe might have them in tiny pubs where there is n't enough space for two bathrooms and then it 's just a single room with a toilet , maybe a urinal and a sink . 
  but even that is rare . 
  my male friends do n't get into fights . 
  i play for my local club and co-train the little girls . 
  me and most of my female friends have stopped going to the local club because your brave american boys ca n't keep their fucking hands to themselves . 
  in my generation ( early 20s ) soldiers are either ( seen as ) people that went there just to be able to study very competitive subjects like medicine or slightly dimwitted people that were n't taken anywhere else . 
  so not worshipped at all . 
  in bavaria as well . 
  we did a tiny bit of translating from german to latin every once in a while , but everything else was just translating the latin text to german . 
  not for big purchases , but i live close to the czech border and will go there if i have to buy a lot of alcohol for a party as it is a bit cheaper . 
  cigarettes are also cheaper , but i do n't smoke . 
  when i was little it was also super common to go their for petrol , but nowadays the price differences are n't as big anymore and less people go . 
  whenever i 'm there i 'll fill the tank up though . 
  on the other side , a lot of czech people come to germany to buy clothes and stuff from the drug store . 
  i 've planned a three week long trip to northern spain three times so far . 
  twice i got too sick and once i lost my wallet with my passport and all my banking cards the day before . 
  sometime it will work out though !, 
  yes , if it 's made sure that the child is taken care off i would support that . 
  a german indie pop band . 
  just about every song of them makes me cry . 
  kaunas is better , but i do n't like either very much . 
  too flashy . 
  it 's creepy . 
  mercedes b-class , audi a4 , ford fiesta/focus , vw golf, 
  in madrid , actually . 
  no idea how it is compared to barcelona . 
  i 've only been there for a weekend once . 
  i did spend a lot of time in valencia as well and found it to be equally accepting there . 
  no , but bavarian . 
  i 'm not spanish , but lived there for a while and i also go the impression that it was a very liberal country socially . 
  more liberal than germany anyway . 
  i was also surprised by that because i figured they would be more conservative because of catholicism . 
  a difference for example was how open gay people were and how accepting other people were of that . 
  nobody would bat an eye when they walk holding hands or when they kiss . 
  mac . 
  i usually say m\u00e4ci though . 
  not any more differences than the other countries among each other i 'd think . 
  on the 24th around the afternoon we start to put up the christmas tree and hang it with the decorations and put up the crib . 
  afterwards we go to church , then back at home we eat [ saure zipfel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saure_zipfel ) which is sausage cooked in vinegar . 
  that 's the typical christmas eve dish in my region . 
  after dinner we open the presents and listen to christmas music . 
  in germany ( at least the south ) the christkind brings the presents . 
  technically that is jesus , but it 's always depicted like [ that . 
  ] ( http://cdn1.spiegel.de/images/image-791538-galleryv9-rqct-791538.jpg ) on the 25th we have roasted duck or goose for dinner and later on visit my grandmother where all of the family meets and exchanges presents again . 
  all the young people meet up with their friends from high school that night and go out dancing . 
  on the 26th we have some sort of roasted animal again . 
  usually something from the woods my dad shot and in the afternoon my sibling 's and my godparents come to visit to exchange presents again . 
  then everything is over . 
  intercourse and fucking , austria should become twin towns . 
  rural germany . 
  it 's very common here among older people , but not among the young . 
  they mostly hunt wild boars , deer and foxes . 
  munich is n't the financial captial either though . 
  that 's frankfurt . 
  that 's what i meant with decentralised as well . 
  whereas in a lot of other countries everything of importance is in the capital , it really is n't like that in germany at all . 
  but yeah , there are loads of cities where rent is ( still ? ), 
  much higher . 
  there is much more space in berlin , germany itself is very decentralised so there is n't as much pull from other german cities ( not sure how it is in sweden , but compared to say france with paris or the uk with london ) , cheap soviet housing blocks in east berlin, 
  i lived with some and was part of the buddy programm for a while . 
  made some nice friends .
