  in the us , nearly everyone just uses their phone 's default sms/mms app . 
   so are you saying that the us should only have fair relations with federal nations ? 
  or what ? 
  i do n't follow . 
  no , i 'm saying that each eu nation is a sovereign nation and they will continue to be treated as different nations for as long as that is true . 
  it is not equivalent to the example in your post of the eu requiring visas from four us states , because us states are not sovereign nations and do not issue their own passports . 
  if the eu actually issued passports that might make sense , but they do n't . 
  the eu is expecting to be treated as a singular , federal nation ( like the us ) , even though it is n't one . 
  he 's fine on the us end . 
  you lose us citizenship by naturalizing elsewhere only if you do it with the intention of renouncing your us citizenship . 
  that 's not true . 
  the naturalization oath contains a clause `` i renounce all foreign allegiances '' , but the us has never required naturalized citizens to actually go through the process of renouncing other citizenships , and the supreme court has ruled that naturalized citizens have a right to maintain their previous citizenships . 
   americans - mandatory stop during their eurotrip . 
  either speak english to everyone ( awkward ) or think no one understand them ( even more awkward ) so ... do other tourists actually speak czech ? 
  one of the most universally held beliefs in economics is that the primary effect of rent control is to reduce the quantity and quality of available housing . 
  oh okay , got it , thanks, 
   i 'm bosnian and i notice whenever i 'm in the balkans that new york loses the w . it sounds like nu york . 
  i think i 'm missing something , i 'd pronounce `` new york '' and `` nu york '' exactly the same way . 
   i 've always found the concept of office hours amusing . 
  here , you 'd either just shoot an email ( if it 's a long question and you 'd like the professor / ta to take actual time to see you ) or you 'd go to the office or ask after class/during breaks if it 's a short question . 
  that 's exactly how it works in the us . 
  `` office hours '' is just a time that the professor commits to being in their office , so that when you stop by they 're actually there ( as opposed to working in a lab , teaching another class , etc ) . 
  it 's not like we do n't send them emails or ask them questions after class . 
   ( mms would n't be an alternative , because it 's very expensive . 
  i 've never used mms in my life . ), 
  huh , mms is universally free in the us ( which i guess is part of the reason that whatsapp is n't popular here , since mms also enables things like groups ) . 
  the quebecois in particular are really determined to come up with french versions of english loan words . 
  i think they 're a bit insecure ... 
  the us president is elected by electors chosen by each state . 
  currently , each state assigns their votes based on the popular vote within that state ( in most states , it 's winner-takes-all ) . 
  however , each state has the power to decide how their votes are assigned . 
  this is an agreement between states to award all of their electors to whichever candidate wins the * national * popular vote , rather than the statewide popular vote . 
  the agreement would come into force when enough states have joined to constitute a majority of the electoral college , therefore creating a system where the president is chosen by the national popular vote ( without the need for a constitutional amendment ) . 
  measuring those things by volume is still very easy . 
  the problem comes when a recipe uses volume to measure something that ca n't be poured . 
  then it 's just dumb . 
  * most * american recipes will either use count ( eg . 
  three onions ) or weight in those situations , but sometimes they do n't and it 's ridiculous . 
  it 's not accurate to say that american english * sounds like * 18th century english , but it 's certainly true that certain aspects of american english are more archaic than british english . 
  certain aspects of american english are also more novel . 
  exactly - it does n't matter whether you have a rhotic accent if you ca n't pronounce `` th '' or differentiate between long and short vowels . 
  especially native speakers of non-germanic languages . 
  i 've met a few dutch , germans , and icelanders with almost-native accents , but that 's about it . 
  in some ways , modern american english is more like 18th century english than modern `` british english '' . 
  for example , rhoticity , t-glottaling ( using a glottal stop instead of a t in words like `` button '' ) , and a lot of vocabulary ( fall vs. autumn , etc. ) . 
  of course , american english has deviated in other ways as well . 
  i 'm curious how accurate that is , though , since merriam-webster claims 470,000 entries in their unabridged english dictionary . 
  maybe they 're excluding loanwords from `` monolingual '' ? 
  yeah , i 'll be the first to agree that ours are too lax . 
  i do n't necessarily have a problem with not requiring formal driving lessons , but if you 're going to go that route then the test needs to be stringent . 
  if someone can not show that they are safe driver they should not be driving . 
  it does n't have to be a complex test full of manuevers , but simply spending an hour driving around with an examiner should do it . 
   can i watch this r-rated tarantino movie in the theater ? 
  nope . 
  well , that one is n't a law , and some theaters will let you in . 
  but i get the frustration ... 
  the us is probably not the best place to visit if you 're between 16-21 or so . 
  it 's the `` ths '' sound , but do n't worry about it too much . 
  if you say `` z '' , it 'll sound like `` close '' ( as in `` close the door behind you '' ) rather than `` clothes '' , but people will understand you . 
  even as an american that confuses me . 
  the convention here is `` half past '' , if someone said `` half six '' i 'd need to ask what they meant . 
   * thought * as * fort * . 
  where 'd you get the ` r ' from ? 
  i think our ridiculously easy license tests are more of a factor in bad driving . 
  the tests vary by state , but they 're almost universally under ten minutes long . 
  you said `` less fortunate countries '' . 
  there may be a country in europe with worse social benefits than the us , but i 'm not aware of which countries that may be . 
  availability of guns to people with mental issues is perhaps a problem ( technically it 's illegal for people with diagnosed issues to buy a firearm , but practically speaking we 're not good at identifying those people ) , but that 's statistically quite a small number of shootings . 
  the vast majority of shootings are poor people shooting other poor people in impoverished urban areas . 
  poverty itself may not be the cause , but violent crime is so strongly correlated with urban poverty that i struggle to rule it out , bearing in mind that the rate of gun ownership is actually fairly low in those areas compared to the us as a whole . 
   there 's also the fact that authorities in the us do n't seem to care one bit how many people are shot , even if it turns out that they were unarmed/not a threat/innocent bystanders/children in a house police were storming . 
  afaik they do n't even collect official statistics on shootings ? 
   here , every * bullet * police officers fire is accounted for , and every case of weapons used against a human being is automatically investigated afterward . 
  they also try to shoot to disable , which the american internet tells me is not something that can be done . 
  a part of the lack of information is that we do n't have a national police force in the traditional sense , so we do n't truly have national statistics . 
  the fbi does produce a national report , but they use statistics gathered on a city by city and state by state basis by other law enforcement agencies . 
  the median american is well off , but our social assistance for the poor is fairly lacking compared to most of europe . 
  for example , you will eventually stop getting welfare even if you 're looking for a job . 
  no , not very popular . 
  voting is not a waste of time , but casting a blank ballot is ( unless there was a system where a plurality of blank ballots would force a new election , or something like that ) . 
   i get the idea of protest votes possibly being an important factor in france or the united states but in belgium i think you 'd be hard-pressed to not find a single party that aligns with your views . 
  of course , i 'm not saying that voting for that small anarchist-communist party you like will have any impact but , at least , you ca n't use that as an excuse not to vote . 
  well , it 's the same thing in the us . 
  we have tons of parties , most of them just do n't have a chance . 
  there were seven or eight different candidates for president on my ballot . 
  in which case you 're forced to waste your time ... 
  field hockey is actually exclusively a girl 's sport in the us , and there have even been court cases around whether boys are allowed to play on their school 's team . 
  not necessarily too small , but not different enough from vw considering that vw is n't very popular in the us . 
  well , as an american i do oppose tribal sovereignty . 
  granting different legal privileges to people based on their ethnicity is disturbing . 
  there are parts of the us where i am legally not allowed to live because i am white . 
  kinda fucked up . 
  accurate, 
  many americans do n't necessarily take their shoes off as soon as they enter a home , as long as it 's not wet outside , but it is absolutely not normal to put your shoes on a couch or bed . 
  how is your constitution `` enforced '' ? 
  yeah , there is a huge difference between skilled and unskilled jobs . 
  the average starting salary for a college graduate is about $ 60,000 per year , and some fields ( computer science , engineering , finance ) commonly have starting salaries of above $ 70,000 . 
  on the other hand , a lot of low-skill workers ( retail , fast food , etc ) make minimum wage or not very far above it ( ~ $ 16,000 ) . 
  i 'm not sure why the gap is so large , but i imagine that the lack of unions is a part of it . 
  and teachers in those cities are paid more than the national median i posted .
