  it 's really like non-us citizens are treated as second class citizens in the world . 
  there 's never been a case where a us citizen has been extradicted , prosecuted and put in prison in another country . 
  that 's completely untrue . 
   and even when speaking about elections , americans do n't elect their governments . 
  you always have only one candidate , so what an election it is , if you can only choose between one candidate ? 
  where 'd you get that idea ? 
  that 's completely false . 
  probably . 
  most american workers do n't have a contract at all and they 're still counted as employed . 
  what 's the crime ? 
  like , is it illegal because it 's gruesome or is it a privacy offense ( maybe both ) ? 
  30 c is n't hot when you have 20 \u2105 humidity ; it 's pretty warm at 80 \u2105 humidity though . 
  yeah , no . 
  i live in florida , like most other houses in florida mine is made of concrete . 
  my house gets hot as hell without ac . 
  overnight lows are typically 25 c or higher , your house is n't cooling down . 
  and it 's not like wood-framed houses are n't well insulated . 
  averages . 
  the vast majority of homes are never destroyed . 
  wood houses * are * sturdy . 
  any tornado that destroys a modern wood home would destroy a brick home , too . 
  brick is n't significantly more wind resistant than wood . 
  at least your humidity is low and your nights are cool !, 
  the us is the # 2 exporter in the world after china , but imports much more . 
  ah yes , the shit show where vw received a penalty far below the maximum punishment prescribed by the law they willfully violated . 
  maybe . 
  about 10 million american households have a net worth exceeding $ 1 million . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  co and nox emissions are responsible for different things . 
  nox from diesel emissions is a large factor for a lot of localized air pollution like acid rain and smog , while carbon emissions are more of a problem on a global scale , ie global warming . 
  north american cities actually have few smog problems anymore since diesel cars are very unpopular , and nox emissions from diesel is the biggest contributor . 
  saying that the us brought 9/11 on itself wo n't get you arrested , though . 
  the current nato strategy seems to be to force russia to kill americans if they invade , betting that russia will not be willing to do that . 
  it 's probably a good bet . 
  so the countries conducting training exercises are warmongers , but the country that actually invaded a european nation is not ? 
  makes sense . 
  the uk has n't even left yet , nor shown any signs of actually initiating the process . 
  ftse is still down around 10 % if you measure it in dollars or euro ( which you should , considering that the majority of revenue for ftse companies comes from abroad ) . 
  i 'm not saying that leaving the eu will be devastating , but you 're out of your mind if you do n't think there will be a recession . 
  harder to read , but adjusted for purchasing power : http://s1.ibtimes.com/sites/www.ibtimes.com/files/styles/embed-sm/public/2013/09/03/real-minimum-wage_0.png, 
  why ? 
  pm is n't a directly elected position in the uk . 
  the us presidential election is a bit easier because you do n't need to worry about the popular vote on a national level , just the majority in each state , and for most states it 's not close . 
  and aside from the crazy politicians , we 're not actually in the commonwealth . 
  green eyes are probably nearly as common as blue eyes over here . 
  but both are very much in the minority . 
  of course they can . 
  i mean , lots of countries * wo n't * , but not because they * ca n't * . 
  at a fundamental level , this is an eu tax law problem , not an amazon prime now problem . 
  so fix the tax law . 
  being better than your competition is not the same thing as being anti-competitive . 
  maybe they should adjust their tax law rather than trying to ban a service for being too good . 
  protectionism at the expense of consumers ... 
  undecided voters might be more likely to vote status quo , true , but they 're also far more likely to just stay home . 
  not exactly a criminal mastermind ... 
  i 've never worked somewhere that did n't have a microwave in the break room . 
  not common in the us . 
  virtually everyone has a coffee maker , though . 
  is worrying about what to wear in the morning a serious concern for anyone ? 
  besides , you have to pick out your own clothes eventually , might as well start young . 
  no , because public schools in the us very rarely have school uniforms . 
  i live in florida and my house is made of concrete blocks ( not that it matters - homes are properly insulated everywhere in the us ) . 
  it really does n't help much here . 
  overnight low temperatures are above 30c for most of the year . 
  when it 's 32c at 4 am , you 're not getting your house any cooler than that without ac . 
  it was n't an * attack * , but yes , diesel cars are the ones in violation , and vw made the large majority of diesel cars on the market in the us . 
  vw might not have been the only ones doing it , but they were one of the only companies selling diesel passenger cars in the us . 
  aside from gm selling one diesel model for one model year , it was only german companies trying to sell diesel cars in the us market , primarily vw . 
  not quite . 
  it 's because gm does n't sell diesel passenger cars in the us . 
  the us is n't going to fine gm for selling cars in germany that violate german regulations . 
  cargo shorts , white sneakers . 
  both tire and tyre are correct spellings . 
  english is not a regulated , prescriptive language ; it 's a descriptive language . 
  any english dictionary will list tire or tyre as an alternate spelling , the only regional difference is the one listed as the primary spelling . 
  the law is fucking stupid . 
  the poet is * obviously * not trying to convince people that erdogan is a goat fucker ( though i 've yet to see erdogan provide any proof that he has never fucked a goat ) . 
  obvious satire can not be defamatory in any sane legal system . 
  satire is not defamation . 
  the poet is obviously not claiming that erdogan actually fucks goats . 
  that said , in some legal systems ( like the us , but i 'm not sure about the uk ) the burden of proof is on the plaintiff in defamation cases . 
  meaning , erdogan would have to convince the court that he 's never fucked a goat . 
  i 'd like to see that trial . 
  promoting your own products is not inherently a problem . 
  it 's rarely a problem at all unless you have a monopoly or near-monopoly , and even if you do have a monopoly it 's not necessarily abusive to promote products - but it can be . 
  as an example , say that vw has a 90 % market share and a virtual monopoly on cars . 
  vw comes out with new vw-brand tires , and equips them on all their cars as standard equipment . 
  now vw also has a monopoly on tires . 
  that example is a bit flawed because tires wear out and software does n't , but i think that 's the basic idea . 
  they 're being punished because they promote their own products in their search engine . 
  the eu sets a very low bar for what 's considered bad behavior by a monopoly . 
  what google does would be entirely legal if they had a little less market share . 
  in the us , android also only has about 60 % of the smartphone market . 
  google does not have a monopoly in the us , but they do in europe . 
  the issue is n't really whether they have a monopoly , but whether they 're abusing their market position . 
  they do , but that seems really high . 
  i 'd be curious to see the numbers for other countries . 
  yeah , i 'm agreeing with you . 
  the us is comparable to the wealthier european countries in terms of median income , it 's not an outlier until you start looking exclusively at highly skilled workers . 
  to that note , if you compare median disposable income the us would be fourth in europe , behind switzerland and ahead of austria .
