   i would guess most women who wear this are forced to do so by their families . 
  i think you 're making a huge assumption with no evidence to support it . 
  i 'm sure it happens . 
  but to say most , i have n't seen any evidence to support that . 
  more to my point , though , people are pressured to do all kinds of stuff by their families , muslim or not . 
  that does n't mean the correct response is to ban it . 
  forcing women to take off their `` burkini '' is no more moral than the police in saudi arabia or iran that force women to wear hijab . 
  france has long taken an authoritarian approach to enforcing their frenchiness , this is more par for the course than going backwards . 
  `` broadcasting '' is actually a narrowly defined legal term in the us . 
  it does n't mean `` tv '' . 
  any tv that you have to opt-in or pay for ( so , the vast majority of tv channels ) is not `` broadcasting '' . 
  after all , `` game of thrones '' is an american tv show . 
   can you say fuck on tv ? 
  yes , on most channels . 
  but obviously universal freedom is n't a thing . 
  it exists in the us , but it 's not very popular . 
  it looks exhausting and frustrating so i generally do n't watch it ... 
  scotland is no more independent politically than the us states , which each have their own legislature , executive , and judiciary . 
  scotland is called a country due to historic and cultural reasons , rather than any particular legal significance . 
  the us states are actually a bit more politically independent than the constituent countries of the uk . 
  olympic soccer has strange rules regarding composition of the team . 
  not at all , russian gun laws are actually fairly strict . 
  they 're fixing nox emissions , not co2 . 
  carbon emissions were in line with regulations , nox emissions were not . 
  environmental friendliness was the cornerstone of vw 's marketing campaign in the us for their diesel cars . 
  if it was n't a factor for consumers , why would they have used that marketing strategy ? 
  the raw cost of diesel is slightly higher because a barrel of raw petroleum produces more gasoline than diesel . 
  it does eventually , it just takes a long time due to the higher initial price of diesel cars and the higher price per gallon . 
  i read an article awhile ago , the most cost-effective diesel car ( which was a bmw 328d or something ) took about 50,000 miles of driving before the cost was less than the gasoline version of the car . 
  bmw and mercedes both sell diesel models here , though maybe not as many as vw . 
  it 's accurate to say that only german companies were/are selling diesel passenger cars in the us , but they 're such a small part of the market that it just does n't make sense to get protectionist about it . 
  this logic is foolish . 
  even assuming that the us is only selectively exposing manufacturers to reduce their market share , why would they target vw rather than bmw or mercedes , which sell significantly more cars than vw in the us ? 
  i really do n't think there 's anything to the protectionist angle . 
  vw is n't even the most popular german company in the us , both bmw and mercedes sell significantly more cars here . 
  they 're roughly the seventh most popular foreign brand , selling fewer cars than subaru . 
  not exactly the one that the government would target for political reasons . 
  no , they were targeted for intentionally violating epa regulations . 
  the tesla point is silly . 
  bmw sells far more cars than vw in the us and they did n't get fined when they announced the i3/i8 . 
  and the opposite is true in the us , diesel is more expensive per gallon , by about 30 cents ( depending on the state ) . 
  while you 'd * eventually * make up the difference due to efficiency , it takes about 50-80 ,000 miles if you take into account the additional ~ $ 5,000 tacked on to the price of a diesel car ( that was roughly the price difference between the base golf 1.8 t and the golf tdi ) . 
  because of that , vw 's marketing in the us was based around cleanliness and environmental friendliness , rather than financials . 
  thus , they were directly and intentionally misleading customers and the buyers are entitled to compensation . 
  the maximum fine was about $ 35,000 per car , and vw is being allowed ( well , forced ) to invest some of that money into their own ev research , so they got off pretty lightly . 
  also , the fact that vw is a german company had nothing to do with this . 
  they 're only around the sixth most popular foreign car manufacturer in the us , not exactly the one that would be targeted for protectionist reasons . 
  we do n't even have legally-mandated holidays in the us . 
  lots of customer service businesses ( many restaurants and movie theaters , some stores ) are open on thanksgiving , christmas , and other `` major '' holidays . 
  most employers offer double pay or holiday bonuses to employees who have to work on those days , but there 's not a legal requirement . 
  you can pay off mortgages early in the us , and mortgages are cheap here . 
  a 30 year fixed rate mortgage is around 3.4 % apr. 
  so while what you say may be true in theory , it does n't seem to actually happen . 
  i imagine it 's okay in the us because federal holidays are legally meaningless . 
  the government is n't telling businesses they ca n't be open or need to pay their workers extra . 
  it * can * be , it 's just very difficult . 
  yeah , we do . 
  the `` us is huge '' arguments work for things like infrastructure , but not this . 
  the real problem with having universal health care in the us is legal more than practical . 
  due to the way federal and state powers are separated , it 's very likely that nationwide , mandatory single payer healthcare would be unconstitutional , and each state would need to implement their own system . 
  i think the biggest argument for spanish is that virtually all educated germans/austrians/swiss have conversational ability in english , but you ca n't say the same thing about spain or ( to a greater degree ) south/central america . 
  i definitely paid for stuff in usd when i visited turkey , and , being american , it 's quite possible i used a few one dollar bills . 
  not saying that one dollar bills are * common * , but in the more touristy cities in turkey they certainly are floating around . 
  how is that american style ? 
  some isps have data caps ( that typically are n't actively enforced ) , but they tend to be more like 2 tb than 2 gb . 
  it might just be a really shitty attack . 
  sure , the relative popularity of the cars is different - in the us , ford 's most popular car is the fusion ( mondeo ) , whereas in europe it 's the fiesta . 
  but the offerings are the same aside from their trucks . 
  as far as the mustang , yes , it 's fairly popular , as it 's inexpensive in the us ( about $ 25,000 for the 2.3 l and $ 32,000 for the 5.0 l ) . 
  they 're mostly the same now . 
  there are some differences in engines and trim lines but the overall product lines are very similar . 
  even the mustang is being sold in europe . 
  no , microsoft failed to save nokia . 
  it was already dying . 
  london felt unsafe to you ? 
  granted , i 've never gone further than zone 2 , but i 've never had the slightest inkling of feeling unsafe there . 
  yes , the us homicide rate has fallen drastically in the past 20-30 years . 
  rugby is probably a bit less popular than basketball , simply because the countries where it 's popular tend to have fairly small populations . 
  for example , basketball is completely non-controversial as an olympic sport but the most popular forms of rugby still are n't , and it 's only this year that the low-barrier-to-entry version has made it in . 
  if they were all going into finance or law i guess that might make sense , but few employers require suits anymore outside of those industries . 
  `` kidnapped '' . 
  you really have no idea what extradition is , i guess . 
   jewish corporations and banks seriously , dude ? 
  i guess the hitler youth taught you well . 
   also , having a two party is another argument . 
  you do n't have parties that form , stop existing , change etc , you only have two corrupt parties and vote for them ( which are a one party in reality ) . 
  we have lots of parties . 
  some of their candidates get elected from time to time . 
  correct , because all us extradition treaties are dual criminality treaties ( the crime must exist in both countries ) . 
  it works both ways , though . 
  there seems to be a notion that the us is requesting extradition of people for crimes that do n't exist in their home countries . 
  that 's not true . 
  copyright infringement is a crime in nz , and it 's a crime in poland . 
  the only issue here is the concern of * where * the crime was committed , which is reasonably complicated because of the internet . 
  the current opinion of the us government is that committing a crime on a server in the us means you committed a crime in the us . 
  i agree that that idea is problematic , but the legality of the act itself is n't the question here . 
   but the us should not be able to steal the individual , prosecute him in the us and put the guy in a us prison ( if it comes to that ) . 
  requesting extradition is not stealing . 
  if the extradition request is not valid , it should be rejected . 
   this is outrageous .
