  delayed fuse means microseconds after impact ( just long enough to get inside of whatever it hit ) . 
  interesting , because houses are still below the peak ( ~ 2007 ) levels in most of the us . 
  agreed , the only android phones that directly compete with the iphone 6s in quality are the newer flagship phones ( galaxy s6 , nexus 6p , xperia z5 , etc ) and they 're not all that much cheaper in europe ( the nexus 6p is far cheaper than the iphone in the us , though ) . 
  where i live in the us , only prepared food is taxed , unprepared food is not . 
  so if you buy eggs or milk , it 's not taxed at all , but packaged food might be ( depends on exactly what it is , i 'm not sure of the specific rules ) , and hot food always is . 
  the total tax i paid on my last grocery bill ( ~ $ 60 ) was about $ 1.50 . 
   tiered income taxes . 
  like it is , if you win 50 , 10 , 1 euro more you can end up a higher tier and end up with less money , that is just annoying mathematically . 
  we could adjust income brackets , but say the first x euros are tax free , the euros on the next bracket are taxed at whatever , and so on . 
  you should never be penalized by earning more . 
  taxes actually work like that in portugal ? 
  that 's astounding . 
  universal healthcare . 
  switching to a system modeled after germany would probably be fairly painless . 
  assuming he 's referring to the us , which as far as i can tell is the only country with approximately 42 million immigrants , naturalized citizens are nearly half ( ~ 47 % ) of that number . 
  the first verse ( the one that 's always sung ) is unfortunately also the worst . 
   is this a thing in other countries too ? 
  not really . 
  beatrix potter books are common over here , too , but i never really connected that it was a different kind of squirrel than the gray fuckers we have . 
   i love diesel , i love the 1,06 $ i pay per liter and i want it to stay that way . 
  it 's completely artificial , though , due to preferential taxes . 
  and the point the article is making is that the preferential tax treatment of diesel in europe should n't be the case . 
  i certainly do n't think diesels should be banned , but they should n't be given preferential treatment . 
  diesel and gasoline cars should be held to the same emissions standards and taxed the same . 
   we love the lower price/tax for diesel !, 
  yeah , that 's the main point of the article . 
  diesels are artificially inexpensive in europe , and there 's no compelling reason for that to be the case . 
   they are a big part of our world , and actually knowing about them makes you better than to trust stupid americans ( who are not allowed by law to study religion in school ) when they post stuff about religions which isnt true . 
  what are you even going on about ? 
  public schools can and do offer comparative or historical classes on religion . 
  besides , some of that will inevitably be taught in history classes . 
  you could n't teach a decent european history class without covering at least a little bit of catholic dogma . 
  warranties will still work , but keep in mind that you 'll get the us warranty - you may have to pay to ship it to the us . 
  also , we generally have shorter warranty periods . 
   if you are under a bridge and you are afraid for your life , where you going fire anyway ? 
  if you 're not planning on killing someone , you do n't fire your gun at all . 
  it 's a pretty simple concept . 
  shoot at someone , or do n't shoot at all . 
  warning shots are beyond stupid . 
  i doubt there is a single country with an intelligence agency of any real size that does n't do that . 
  divorce has only been legal in ireland since 1996 . 
  and i believe the requirements to get divorced are still relatively strict . 
  nah , they 're doing fine . 
  the us u6 rate is n't that much lower , and the us is thought to be nearing full employment ( a large percentage of the unemployment is frictional ) . 
  electric heat pumps are very common in the us . 
  fairly efficient , too . 
  they only work down to about -7 c , though , so they generally have supplemental resistive heating systems that will kick in below that . 
  that depends entirely on the refinery . 
  us refineries produce about 12 gallons of diesel and 19 gallons of gasoline per barrel . 
  in the vast majority of cases , the regulations are simply different , not stricter in one direction or the other . 
  referring to the fourth quintile as `` upper class '' is kind of hilarious . 
  the buy american act definitely exists , but it 's not a very strict regulation . 
  essentially , it states that if the american-made product is comparable in price and quality to the foreign-made product , the government should purchase the one made in america . 
  if the american product is worse or more expensive than the foreign-made product , they can purchase the foreign-made product . 
  us keyboards do n't have altgr . 
  are they mutually intelligible ? 
   by the way , i was n't able to find the nox and co2 emissions on a light truck like the f150 . 
  are those clean ? 
  fairly clean , yeah . 
  the 2015 ford f150 3.5 ecoboost ( gasoline , turbocharged v6 ) meets federal tier 2 bin 4 , which means max nox of 0.025 g/km and max co2 of 1.31 g/km . 
  for comparison , euro6 for gasoline passenger cars is nox of 0.06 g/km and co2 of 1.0 g/km . 
  new england is probably the closest for summer weather , but the winters are colder than central europe . 
  most of the midatlantic technically has a subtropical climate , with hotter and more humid summers than central europe . 
  a commonly cited most efficient speed is 80 kmh/50 mph . 
  obviously the exact speed depends on the car , and some cars could be nowhere close to that . 
   instigating violence should be and is illegal . 
  yup , but there 's a difference between advocating violence and instigating violence . 
  right - in the us , it 's legal to advocate violence , but it 's not legal to incite violence . 
  the `` likely to produce imminent disorder '' part is much more stringent than you 're thinking . 
  advocating violence is legal , inciting violence is not . 
  `` white people should be killed '' is legal , `` kill a white person right now '' potentially is not . 
   co2 emissions the is weaker than here by far . 
  i think it currently allows five times ehat euro5 was . 
  weaker , not by nearly five times . 
  the difference going forward will be under 10 % . 
  the 2015 models that use urea injection are also being recalled . 
  most newer diesel vehicles in the us use urea injection , including the newest ( 2015 + ) vw cars . 
  diesel cars have never sold well here . 
  they are n't given preferential treatment by regulations , so it takes a very long time to start saving money ( diesel is about 10-20 % more expensive than gasoline , and diesel models are more expensive than the equivalent gasoline model ) . 
  murder rate is the only one where the us is out of line with similarly wealthy countries . 
  robbery , rape , burglary , vehicle theft rates are fairly similar to the uk : http://www.civitas.org.uk/crime/crime_stats_oecdjan2012.pdf, 
  the murder rate in the us is more like eastern europe than africa . 
  still too high , of course . 
  american football is the biggest by a good margin , then baseball , basketball , ice hockey , and soccer ( roughly in that order ) . 
  basketball , i guess . 
  probably played in more countries ( though not necessarily by more people ) than cricket and rugby . 
   what concerns me most is that the second major scandal of this year , was again brought to topic by american regulators , not european ones . 
  fifa first and now the car industries ' scheme . 
  both should have been `` uncovered '' by eu institutions first , imho . 
  i think , in both cases , it 's due to the relative unimportance of these issues in america . 
  eu regulators were capable of figuring out that vw was cheating . 
  but it 's easier to overlook something when it 's a really inconvenient truth . 
  many european countries have , for years , been staking significant financial incentives and subsidies on the idea that diesel cars are greener . 
  if that turns out to be wrong or impractical , well , a lot of people involved in setting the regulations are going to look like idiots . 
  supersonic bombers are n't something to be worried about . 
  it was a 1970s idea that looks kind of dumb in retrospect . 
  if a country is getting nuked by russia ( or the us , for that matter ) , it 's going to be via icbm or submarine . 
  yup . 
  i do n't really see how registration would affect gun crime at all . 
  some of the details are a bit different , but not all that much different than most us states ( pass background check , buy gun ) .
