  rights that oblige inaction . 
  most items in the bill of rights * prevent * the government from doing something , rather than mandating it does something . 
  that 's kind of shaped the american idea of rights - it 's somewhat of a foreign concept to have a right that mandates action on the part of another . 
  also , in the us federal system , the federal government is actually quite limited in what they 're allowed to do . 
  so while an individual state could certainly implement universal healthcare , it 's a bit unclear whether it would be constitutional for the federal government to do it . 
  likewise , the vast majority of american labor laws are at the state level . 
  so it 's really difficult to get a lot of movement on the national level on these issues . 
  it 's generally not preservatives that breweries add , but rather perfectly natural ingredients that alter the flavor ( sugar , fruit , spices , etc ) . 
  junk food is cheaper than healthy food , of course , but healthy food is still pretty cheap here . 
  i could spend $ 20 a week and have a good diet . 
  it would be * very * boring , but healthy . 
  yeah , that 's more due to poor judgement and `` food deserts '' ( places where there are n't any grocery stores within walking distance ) than poverty . 
  though food deserts and poverty are related issues . 
  i think that 's kind of a dumb idea . 
  you always have to balance taxes against the incentive to dodge taxes ( via legal or illegal means , it does n't really matter ) . 
  in most places , companies are taxed only on profits . 
  there are a bunch of reasons why this makes sense . 
  however , it 's generally not very difficult for a company to reduce their profit and dump that money elsewhere , and increasing taxes increases their incentive to do that . 
  and if you raise taxes too much , you might reduce the number of businesses that enter or remain in the country . 
  a better idea than a 50 % tax rate would be to devise a way to ensure that more companies pay the * existing * taxes . 
  yeah , nox is actually poisonous whereas co2 is more of a long term concern ( global warming ) . 
  nox emissions are a primary cause of smog as well . 
  the estimate i 've seen is that vw 's emissions cheating could have resulted in as many as ~ 50 deaths , but obviously you could never assign any specific deaths to that . 
  hey , canada plays in that one , too . 
  what is the world if not usa + canada ? 
  refusing to vote is a perfectly valid form of political expression , in my opinion . 
  $ 10 billion , but i have n't heard where the money is going ( repairs , buybacks , etc ) . 
  the tests are n't the same - basically , eu has harsher limits on co2 , us is harsher on nox , the problem with diesels is nox . 
  however , they still cheated in the eu and eu customers still deserve * something * . 
  they might not get as much as the us customers , since the us penalties are extremely harsh compared to the eu penalties ( higher than the average purchase price of the affected vehicles ) , but i 'd imagine eu customers will be offered something . 
  yes , but less severely ( since the eu limits were higher ) . 
  the real issue here is that the us penalties are harsher , so vw needs to offer more to avoid trial in the us than in the eu . 
   please read the original complaint from amazon to the eu that led to the investigation , they specified it very well . 
  then you should be able to name the `` tiny chip maker with no experience in phones '' that amazon had to use . 
  as i said , the original kindle tablet used a texas instruments ( a major company ) soc that has been used in many android devices . 
  what alleged `` tiny chip maker with no experience in phones '' are you referring to ? 
  texas instruments ( the chip maker ) is a major company with experience in phones . 
  quanta computer ( the manufacturer/odm ) is a major company with experience in phones . 
  there is no `` tiny chip maker with no experience in phones '' involved with the original kindle fire tablet . 
  all the companies involved have been involved with other android devices . 
  you 're right , foxconn is not an oem . 
  they are an odm . 
  companies that make devices for other companies are called odms . 
  companies that sell their own devices are oems . 
  amazon is an oem . 
  many oems contract their devices to odms . 
  this is an entirely normal arrangement . 
  you do n't have to buy an android phone , either . 
  no , google absolutely does not have those sorts of hardware exclusivity agreements . 
  the fire phone uses a qualcomm snapdragon soc , which is the dominant soc used in android phones . 
  the original kindle fire tablet used a ti omap soc , which is also used elsewhere . 
  the phone itself was manufactured by foxconn , and if you 're accusing foxconn of being a small manufacturer with no experience making phones , then you just do n't know anything on this subject . 
  yeah , criminals always listen to signs . 
  it really confuses me when people suggest things like this , or `` no guns '' signs , or whatever else . 
  as if someone planning on a mass shooting or rape is going to be deterred by a sign telling them not to do it . 
  the us has never missed a debt payment . 
   what happens with free speech ? 
  it 's germany . 
  there probably is n't a western country with a more limited idea of free speech . 
  yeah , completely legal . 
  even racist insults are considered protected speech . 
  such an absurd law . 
  so what are they to do when the laws of two different countries directly contradict each other ? 
  what makes the most sense is that national laws only apply to users in that nation . 
  for example , google may have to remove search results according to french law , but that should only apply to users who access google from france . 
  of course , certain courts have decided that results must be blocked from * all * users , which presents a dilemma . 
  there are plenty of sources . 
  they 've been at the 60 % mark since 2010 or so . 
  for example : http://m.energy.siemens.com/us/en/industries-utilities/power/processes/combined-cycle.htm, 
  the average car engine is around 37 % efficient , compared to about 60 % for a modern combined cycle plant . 
  some cars might be more efficient than that , but the majority of cars that would be replaced by electric cars are not . 
  there is also the substantially negative impact of diesel cars in nox emissions . 
  and that 's not even counting nuclear power , which makes up a substantial part of the grid in many countries . 
  but ultimately the greatest benefit of switching to a majority electric fleet is that infrastructure upgrades automatically trickle down to cars - there 's no need to wait for people to upgrade and no need for further regulations . 
  if you replace a coal plant with hydroelectric or nuclear , everyone 's car is suddenly cleaner . 
  it does n't have * no * effect . 
  power plants use fossil fuels more efficiently than do cars . 
  i understand , i just do n't agree that they spread hate . 
  nazi flags do n't turn people into nazis , and in fact i 'd argue that allowing nazis to be open about their naziism makes them easier to discredit ( you ca n't argue with someone who 's hiding their opinions ) and eliminates any attempt at sympathetic arguments about the white man being oppressed . 
  thus , i feel that banning naziism is counter-productive to the goal of stopping people from becoming nazis . 
  so , flags and such are certainly symbols of hate , but their only practical effect is to be offensive . 
  on a separate but related note , the uk does actually ban speech for merely being offensive ( the guy arrested for tweeting about that bus accident , for example ) . 
  see , i completely disagree . 
  i think that banning nazi/soviet imagery ascribes a power to those symbols that they do n't actually have . 
  nazi imagery is completely legal and falls under constitutional protection in the us . 
  and yet , neo-nazi groups like the american nazi party have so few members that they might as well not exist . 
  the symbols and freedom of speech do n't seem to help their recruitment/propaganda efforts at all . 
  sure , it 's offensive , but once you start arguing that people have a freedom from being offended , you 're going down a very dangerous road with no clear ending point . 
  agreed . 
  that phrasing seems grammatically correct , but i would n't use it . 
  i 'm failing to see any way your statement makes sense . 
  poland 's failure to get into the vwp has nothing to do with how many poles want to visit the us . 
  the problem is the percentage of poles that apply for visas and are rejected . 
  most likely , it 's because they 're giving the impression that they 're a risk to overstay their visa . 
  the criteria for visa denial are n't necessarily fair - basically , if you 're not well-off and you 're not employed or in school in your home country , you 're probably not getting a visa - but the overall point is sound : if a large proportion of people from a country are denied , that country does n't get a visa waiver . 
  us and canada have basically the same policy , based on visa refusal rates . 
  if the eu were a nation , i 'd agree with you , but it is n't . 
  it 's because  3 % of polish visa applications are denied . 
  people use those words , so i suppose that makes them real . 
  someone pays for them , but it 's not me .
