  varies from student to student and school to school . 
  the us does n't have a national curriculum , and even within the same state different schools offer different classes . 
  for example , i took a higher level european history course , so i was taught more than someone who only took the standard classes . 
  some schools may not even offer the higher level class . 
  i think it 's very interesting that you * can * tell . 
  we have public toilets in parks , train stations , airports , etc , but not usually on the street . 
  well , cars are obligated to yield to pedestrians in that case . 
  if the view is blocked , then there * should * be a `` no turn on red '' sign . 
  castle doctrine basically just states that you have no duty to retreat from your own home . 
  texas has laws that allow use of lethal force to protect property and against trespassers in some circumstances , but that is separate from castle doctrine . 
   of us cititzens ? 
  ( sorry , i find kinda irrespectful the `` american '' term so i 'd rather not use it . 
  no offense intended ) good . 
  why 's that ? 
  i mean , i understand the issue , but it 's the only reasonable demonym in english , so disrespectful seems a bit far . 
  additionally , in english , the continents are always referred to separately ( north america and south america , or `` the americas '' , rather than just america ) , so north americans and south americans conclusively refer to residents of all of those nations . 
  can you explain the law on sects ? 
  they 're no good if you 're looking for specific ancestries like that . 
  for example , 23andme does n't get any more specific than `` french and german '' . 
  the ethnicity information is just trivia , basically . 
  but the tests also let you see health information ( eg . 
  genes known to have positive or negative effects ) and will show you relatives that have also taken the test . 
  most hispanic americans i 've met do n't seem to feel much of any cultural attachment to spain , but rather to latin america . 
   i read about us cases where for a crime that had been in the news constantly for weeks they had to find jurors who * had managed not to hear about it * - i 'd not want to be judged by people who are that disinterested in the world around them . 
  yeah , it 's a bit concerning . 
  however , the defendant is allowed to request a trial by judge in many cases . 
  this is most common for particularly emotional crimes or ones where the defense team is hoping to use a legal technicality . 
  so are personal genetic tests ( eg . 
  23andme ) also illegal in france ? 
  colloquially , greenland would be referred to as a territory of denmark . 
  no idea if there 's a dictionary definition that matches , but the way the word country is actually used definitely has a connotation of sovereignty . 
  for example , googling `` is greenland a country '' gives plenty of results that say `` no '' , or refer to it as a territory . 
  i think this is the correct answer - scotland is a country because they 've chosen to call it that . 
  politically , scotland is less independent than many jurisdictions in other nations that are called states or provinces . 
   they certainly can be considered different countries , and they are . 
  in english `` country '' does mean `` an area of land that has its own government '' . 
  scotland does . 
  there are plenty of non-sovereign and constituent countries in the world . 
  in * british * english , maybe , but certainly in american english ( and i suspect in canada and australia as well ) `` country '' has implications of sovereignty that scotland does n't meet . 
   question to op : who proposes a bill/law in the us ? 
  who decides if a bill will go through the senate or the house of reps ? 
  any member of congress ( representative or senator ) can propose a bill . 
  if a bill is proposed by a senator , it goes through the senate first ; if proposed by a representative , it goes through the house first . 
  often , the house and senate will pass slightly different bills , which are then reconciled in a `` conference committee '' , which produces a report that merges the two bills . 
  then the senate and house each vote on whether to accept the report . 
  not all of them , pbs and npr are our public broadcasters . 
  but in comparison to the bbc they are unpopular , and they 're funded mainly through donations rather than taxes / `` licenses '' . 
   sounds that do n't exist in german ( w , th , r ) . 
  most cars are global now , though . 
  that 's like saying that bmw usa is n't a german brand , and that the bmw x3 ( designed in california and built in south carolina ) is an american car . 
  the focus has been the same car in the us and europe for five or six years now . 
  meat pies and pasties will be new to lot of americans . 
  might catch on , but it 's a change . 
  do you think it would be controversial for the queen to disband the government in that situation , or accepted as appropriate ? 
  they 're usually invite-only in the us , too . 
  open parties exist , and i 've been to them , but they 're an awful idea and pretty uncommon by comparison . 
  we call that `` pre-gaming '' in the us . 
  why is boar hunting illegal ? 
  are they endangered in denmark ? 
   the president is also head of government and that 's what matters . 
  in terms of official powers , the president is much closer to being a traditional head of state than a prime minister . 
  the important difference is that the president is expected to exercise personal discretion in the use of his powers and most european heads of state are not . 
   second , the u.k. is first past the post because we vote for our local representative who represents their constituents on the national stage . 
  yes , this is exactly how us congressional elections work . 
   plus electors in the us can vote for literally the polar opposite of what the people told him to do . 
  it varies by state , but , importantly , the president is not intended to be elected by the people , but rather by the states . 
  i 'm not saying there 's anything wrong with it , i 'm saying that it 's not any more democratic than the us presidential election . 
  the prime minister is also not directly elected . 
   i believe that due to the fact that it effectively circumvents the public vote , i do n't think it would be considered democratic enough . 
  well , that 's only the presidential election , and there are a bunch of countries in europe where the head of state is n't elected at all or not directly elected . 
  congressional elections in the us are not notably different than the uk system ( fptp per district ) . 
  the uk head of state is not elected at all , so you can hardly say that the electoral college is less democratic . 
  in the us , the flatbread itself is just called a tortilla . 
  wraps are a thing here , too , but we generally would n't call the bread itself a wrap , a wrap is just one of the wide variety of things you can make with a tortilla . 
  it 's sort of like how you would n't call a slice of bread a sandwich . 
  in the us and mexico , a torta is a type of sandwich . 
  similar ingredients to a taco , but on bread instead of a tortilla . 
  the president does n't have all that much official power on their own - executive orders are limited to determining how existing laws are enforced . 
  they ca n't even propose legislation , much less pass it . 
  what they do have a lot of is influence . 
  i know some environmentalists , but none who avoid using a clothes dryer . 
  they do n't use that much power on a monthly basis , certainly less than a refrigerator for most people ( and * far * less than air conditioning , also ubiquitous in the us ) . 
  really ? 
  they 're nearly universal in the us . 
  i 've never known someone to hang their clothes to dry , apart from especially delicate clothing . 
  the tests vary by state . 
  most states do test on roads . 
  they 're still generally not difficult ( you pretty much pass if you can avoid breaking any traffic laws for ~ 15 minutes ) , but closed course is the exception . 
  typically we would not put anything on bread between jam/nutella and the bread . 
  for example , peanut butter and jelly ( jam ) sandwiches are usually made with peanut butter on one piece , jam on the other , and then stuck together . 
  i do n't think they would feel that way , though . 
  i do n't really feel any sense of national pride when puerto rico wins something , for example . 
  yeah , i 'd support them over any non-us team , but it 's not the same as the us national team . 
  in the us , homeowner 's insurance covers break ins and fires , most natural disasters , and personal liability to some extent ( notably , it will not cover you while driving a car - that 's what car insurance is for ) . 
  renter 's insurance is very similar , but typically has a lower limit , and is more focused on protecting the contents of a dwelling rather than the dwelling itself , as well as any personal liability for damages . 
  have n't heard of someone having funeral insurance here , but life insurance is pretty ubiquitous as it 's commonly provided by your employer . 
  travel insurance is common and i 've heard of legal insurance , but i do n't think it 's very common . 
  oh , that makes sense then . 
  whatsapp seems nice , if everyone actually used it here i could see the appeal . 
  does it get annoying using multiple messaging apps ?
