  well , the house is n't its own branch of government . 
  if the house and senate are held by different parties , congress is in a `` sort of '' coalition state ( realistically it has tended to be more of a stalemate , though ) . 
   additionally , in the us , the party who reaches more than 50 % is , unilaterally , considered to be the `` governing party '' . 
  i understand what you 're saying , but phrasing it that way is n't quite accurate , since it 's quite common for a different party to hold the majority in the house than in the senate . 
  currently , the republicans have the house , senate , and presidency , but that often is n't the case . 
  if they 're not on tv , why do they need to be regulated ? 
  there are n't conflicting frequencies on the internet . 
  that 's really not the case here . 
  many trump supporters honestly do n't want any tourists at all . 
  some hotels and gyms have saunas , as well as spas . 
  but a truly public ( municipal ) pool , no . 
  it is . 
  medicare is currently heavily subsidized by taxes from the majority of people who are n't eligible for it , so taxes would increase very significantly . 
  also , medicare still has premiums and deductibles if you want anything beyond inpatient hospital coverage , so it 's not necessarily an ideal system . 
  what do you think he should have done ? 
  ratification requires the consent of the senate and obama never had that . 
  not really obama 's fault ; the senate was never willing to ratify the kyoto protocol . 
  it takes only 41 votes to block ratification , and the gop never had fewer than that number . 
  that 's not exactly what happened . 
  in oregon , it 's illegal to present yourself as an engineer unless you are licensed as an engineer , regardless of whether you have an academic education as an engineer . 
  it 's still a stupid law , but it 's not * quite * as stupid as you 're presenting it . 
  `` cohabiting '' was suggested and i think that 's probably the best word for it . 
  at least in the us , merely living together does n't grant you additional rights , though some places have something called `` common law marriage '' , though generally that only applies if you present yourselves as a married couple . 
  yup !, 
  that 's the word . 
   pretty indifferent i guess . 
    honestly i do n't really see the difference between being married and just `` sambo '' ( people in a committed relationship who live together but are n't married ( what 's that called in english ? ) ) . 
  it 's called a committed relationship , i think ... also `` shacked up '' , but that 's very informal and slightly demeaning . 
  vocational means skilled trades , such as mechanics , electricians , carpenters . 
  generally , anything that requires some amount of specialized education or apprenticeship but not a university education . 
   there really is n't one as far as i know . 
  graduating high school is n't made out to be particularly big deal . 
  well , i do n't think the accomplishment of graduation itself is really the point , because as you say it 's not a big deal . 
  at least in the us , high school graduation celebrations are more about saying goodbye to your friends as you all go off to different universities , or whatever else , as well as just general happiness about moving on to a more exciting time in your life . 
   i find the game baffling , but can see the appeal in it when viewed as a whole . 
  it 's pretty much rugby league , except that it 's legal to throw the ball forward and shove defenders out of the way . 
  sure , most people do n't . 
  but i 've heard some immigrants do it and it always confuses me . 
  like , surely it ca n't be that bad or you would n't be here ... 
   i totally name the problems i see . 
  i think it 's healthy to get other points of view on a given reality . 
    i mean , birkenstocks to work . 
  or , even worse , birkenstocks * and * socks to work ? 
  ( or elsewhere , for that matter ) . 
    under that philosophy ( `` i 'm a guest here , i should n't complain '' ) i could never say in the us that their healthcare system is a joke . 
  agreed . 
  there 's also a big difference between `` this policy/custom/thing is stupid '' and `` your country sucks '' . 
  the first one is fine - and you 'll probably find a lot of natives that agree with you - the second one is rude and probably wrong . 
  `` proper '' etiquette in the us is to cut one piece at a time and switch hands , because it slows you down and is less gluttonous or something . 
  in practice , people do n't care . 
  it comes from french , similar to how we do n't pronounce the ending t in `` filet '' . 
  what country has a pure free market system ? 
  the us certainly does n't . 
  healthcare reform is needed , and trumpcare sucks , but obamacare is n't good either . 
  it was a bandaid at best . 
  pizza almost always has sauce in the us , but that sauce is * never * ketchup . 
  is it actually * ketchup * ( as in , the fairly sweet condiment that comes in a bottle ) , or just tomato sauce ? 
  fiat gets pretty awful reports on reliability and build quality here , but they only sell the 500/500l/500x and the 124 ( which is really a mazda , and is their best reviewed car ) , so maybe some models sold elsewhere are better . 
  it also does n't help that they bought chrysler , which was easily the worst of the american car companies . 
  the us is the same . 
  ketchup goes on french fries , burgers , and hot dogs ( and a lot of people will argue that ketchup should n't go on hot dogs ) . 
  rarely anything else . 
  never on pizza or pasta . 
  what 's the knife stereotype ? 
  great britain is geographical ( the largest island of the british isles ) whereas united kingdom refers to the political entity . 
  i mean that , legally , canada has the simplest process for an american to get a visa . 
  it basically consists of : get a full-time job offer in canada . 
  in most other nations , only specific qualifications will get you in . 
  even if he wanted to move , it 's not easy . 
  the us does n't have freedom of movement with any country . 
  canada is the easiest country to move to , but you still need a job offer from a canadian company before you can move . 
  even then , a lot of the things he does n't like about the us apply to canada as well . 
  even if it 's not toasted ? 
  most good jobs in the us subsidize your healthcare , though , and that 's not counted in salary ( the fact that it is n't counted in salary/not taxable is actually the reason that we get healthcare from our employers ) . 
  sure , but we also have lower personal income taxes so it balances out a bit . 
  someone making $ 100k in the us is paying under 25 % tax . 
  also , if you 're making $ 100k , chances are that your employer is paying the majority of your healthcare costs ( which is n't counted as part of your salary ) . 
  aa is just an organization for alcoholics , i 'm not sure why that would affect your view of how alcohol is viewed in the us . 
  drinking in public is legal in a few cities , and generally legal outside of cities ( most `` open container '' laws are city ordinances ) . 
  the drinking age is probably the biggest difference . 
  yeah , we have that too , it 's the `` creamy '' variety that is more nutella-like in consistency . 
  what kind of consistency does yours have ? 
  from google , dutch peanut butter looks basically the same . 
  we also have non-homogenized peanut butter where the oil separates from the peanuts a bit , but that 's less common . 
  american peanut butter does n't have a ton of sugar , usually 2-3 g per 30 ml . 
  the consistency is similar to nutella . 
  that number is very high , 100 g of jif brand peanut butter is under 500 kcal . 
  there might be a brand as high as your number , but that is n't typical . 
  peanut butter is less calorie dense than nutella , which europeans certainly do n't avoid . 
  it has * some * sugar , not a * lot * . 
  a 30ml serving of jif , one of the largest brands , has 2 g of sugar ( compare at 21 g for the same amount of nutella ) . 
  and it is usually sugar , not corn syrup . 
  it 's * much * less sweet than nutella , generally . 
  they have the option to save themselves , that is enough . 
   so you can life for five years , afterwards you get the food , but you do n't have a place to sleep . 
  unless you have a disability , yes ( those with disabilities are eligible for other benefits , like social security disability payments ) . 
  we do have a lot of subsidized , extremely inexpensive housing , but we do n't have * free * housing at the federal level - some states or cities might have those programs . 
  so you wo n't get cut off at a certain point ? 
  are you required to look for employment ( assuming that you do n't have a disability ) ? 
  in the us , the main benefits program that actually gives people money is called tanf .
