  it does matter for travel outside of europe . 
  for example , poles need to apply for a visa to visit the us and germans do not . 
  you do , but usually only in official contexts ( military , police , transportation ) . 
  and `` o'clock '' is n't used with 24 hour time , you 'd just say `` 20 15 '' . 
  not really, 
  60 km seems pretty close , that 's about how far the local university is from my house . 
  is that a long way in lithuania ? 
  what would the geographic code be for the usa , if not usa ? 
  nah , much higher now . 
  the highest speed limit in the country is 85 mph in texas . 
  montana used to have no firm speed limit , only a rule of `` reasonable and prudent '' , but the courts decided that was too vague to be enforceable , so now they have actual speed limits . 
   ceps/porcini/penny buns ( can anyone tell me , what 's the most common name in english ? ), 
  in the us , it 's porcini , but penny bun sounds so ridiculously british that i imagine it 's the popular term there . 
  so , how does that work ? 
  you all drink whatever someone decides to order ? 
  interesting . 
  `` are you married ? '', 
  is actually a classic example of a question interviewers should not ask here ( discrimination based on marital status is illegal in many states and frowned upon everywhere else , so it 's best to not even ask ) . 
  ah , okay , it 's exactly the opposite here . 
  field hockey is played in schools , but for whatever reason it 's exclusively a women 's sport . 
  in the uk , does `` hockey '' mean ice hockey or field hockey ? 
  interesting . 
  they 're around $ 40 over here and people still complain that they 're overpriced . 
  it seems like a rather high tax rate for a very average salary to me . 
  the marginal tax rate does n't get above 30 % until $ 190,000 in the us . 
  i generally eat dinner soon after i get home from work , so usually 6-6 :30 pm . 
  are you at work much later than that or are you just at home , not eating dinner ? 
  failing that , it 's also possible to get a job as a contractor with the us government and get stationed in europe . 
  but there 's no realistic path to permanent residency with that . 
  a c is n't really a failure , it 's typically the minimum grade needed to receive credit for taking a course . 
  at the university level , the percentage requirement to get a c often varies by course . 
  sometimes it 's 40 % , sometimes it 's 85 % . 
  what do you think the exchange rate is ? 
  $ 15 an hour is higher than the current dutch minimum wage . 
  personally , i pay $ 10 per gb with google fi . 
  that sort of plan makes sense for people who use a small amount of data ( < 3 gb per month ) . 
  for those who use a lot of data , there are unlimited data plans available for about $ 75 per month . 
  a lot of americans have family plans , where they 'll split a pool of like 12 gb between three or four phones . 
  ah , that explains it . 
  sms/mms is typically free in the us . 
  what 's the advantage of whatsapp over sms ? 
  standardized tests are often at least partially multiple choice , but standardized test just means that everyone state - or nationwide is answering the same questions ( there are no government-administered nationwide standardized tests , though ) . 
   but if you learned a foreign language , you would learn the version of the `` main '' country speaking it . 
  american high schools typically teach mexican spanish , but you 're not going to be marked off for using castilian or cuban or puerto rican vocabulary or pronunciation . 
  just seems a bit strange to me , as the goal here is simply to become conversant in a foreign language ( at least at the primary/secondary school level ) . 
  that 's interesting . 
  over here , the different dialects of english are usually considered valid variations rather than being wrong . 
  are the curricula and tests standardized throughout the entire country ? 
  that 's not really the best argument , places like puerto rico and guam have their own athletic teams and they 're certainly not countries . 
  the constituent countries of the uk are countries simply because that 's what they 're called . 
  politically speaking , they 're actually less independent than the states in some federal systems , but that does n't mean that it 's inaccurate to call them countries . 
  it 's just a bit unusual . 
  mcdonald 's has different menus in each country , so it 's hard to say that it 's really american everywhere it exists . 
  granted , some of the items are shared . 
  that said , it 's certainly not * good * american food . 
  softballs are n't actually soft , though - they 're only marginally softer than baseballs , which are only marginally softer than cricket balls - so they 're still pretty hard . 
  now i 'm wondering what sport you were playing . 
  yeah , overall it 's not a distinction that we care about . 
  colloquially big places are cities and small places are towns . 
  no one will care if you refer to a place that is legally a city as a town or vice versa . 
  the definition of city and town varies from state to state in the us , but overall it 's not an important distinction here . 
  it 's definitely a stereotype , and when i went to france i * was * shocked at how many people i saw smoking , but i think a lot of them were actually eastern european rather than french . 
  the us definitely does have fuel tax , it 's a significant percentage of the price , but of course whether the tax exceeds the subsidies is a separate issue . 
  that 's not even considered a small car in the us . 
  it was considered a full size at the time it was sold and is the same length as a modern mid-size sedan like the ford fusion ( mondeo in europe ) or audi a6 . 
  i was fine without a pin to buy an oyster card in london , but the paris metro machines hated my cards , even my debit card which has a pin . 
  i did n't have any trouble paying a cab with a credit card in london . 
  and yeah , anyone can use your card if they have it . 
  no one really cares because the banks are liable for credit card theft . 
  of course , that does n't explain why the banks are n't pushing for pins on credit cards . 
  credit cards are rarely used to get cash in the us . 
  the limits are extremely low and the interest rates are awful . 
  i 've only ever used a bank card/debit card to get cash , and those do require pins . 
  i do n't think we do that . 
  not in public schools , anyway . 
  constitutional amendments modify the constitution , so yes , an amendment banning flag desecration would eliminate first amendment protections for doing so . 
  that said , amending the constitution is very difficult - it 's not simply a majority ( or supermajority ) vote in the federal legislature ; 3/4 of the states must individually ratify it as well . 
  so there 's virtually no chance of ever passing an amendment for something that is n't almost universally popular . 
  a lot of american carriers have really shitty options for international roaming . 
  mine ( google ) is pretty good - $ 10 per gb - but at&t is like $ 2 per mb unless you buy a special ( and expensive ) international plan that brings it down to like $ 0.25 per mb , which obviously is still awful . 
  us taxes are a bit more complicated . 
  the federal income tax is only on income above $ 10,300 , but some states tax from $ 0 ( not all states have an income tax ) . 
  obviously most people earn significantly more than $ 10,300 per year , but after tax credits and deductions and all that , a decent number of people ( especially those with kids ) end up not owing any federal taxes and get it all back in a tax refund check at the end of the year . 
  interesting . . 
  with regards to article 14 , would n't that cease to apply once a refugee reaches a location where they are no longer being persecuted ? 
  that is , once a syrian refugee reaches turkey , they do n't necessarily have a * right * to go any further ( or to any particular country ) . 
  yeah , sprint and verizon use cdma . 
  technically she 's liable for us taxes , but in practice there are so many deductions and credits for income earned abroad that very few us expats actually owe us taxes . 
  everything below ~ $ 100k is tax exempt , and then you get a credit for any foreign taxes you pay . 
  since most western nations have higher income taxes than the us for higher income levels , it 's rare to actually owe anything to the us . 
  the downside to us permanent residency is that you can be deported , sometimes for minor crimes . 
  in practice , yes , though there are legal differences . 
  it does n't actually get rid of the law but it renders it unenforceable . 
  travel between us states is not restricted at all and i do n't believe it legally can be . 
  the supreme court has found the death penalty unconstitutional before , but then reversed the decision and it seems unlikely that there will be valid cause to bring it up again . 
  getting rid of the death penalty legislatively would be difficult as every state would need to do it independently ( unless there was enough support for a constitutional amendment , which there currently is n't ) . 
  i understand why you 're making the comparison , but i do n't really think it makes sense . 
  the us , generally speaking , is not composed of formerly sovereign nations that decided to join into a union . 
  only a couple states ( texas and hawaii ) were ever actually independent , so the concept of losing national sovereignty does n't really apply - most states never had it . 
  i just flew out of the uk , and it seemed basically identical to flying out of the us except i got to keep my shoes on .
