  they were founded by different religious groups ( quakers and catholics , respectively ) . 
  and it 's a similar case for most states - different people settled in different places for different reasons , and eventually became a state . 
  trump does not have a consistent ideology . 
  he 's very much in the moment ... 
  nyc is n't that cold , it rarely stays below 0 c for more than a few days in a row . 
  other parts of new york are fairly cold though . 
  airplanes are both faster and cheaper for long distances ( ex . 
  new york to florida ) , and trains need to compete with cars over short distances . 
  intercity trains only make sense in regions like the northeast corridor , where you can get from one major city to the next in only 100 miles or less . 
  probably not , but a couple presidents have . 
  the religious aspects of the inauguration - `` so help me god '' , swearing on a bible - are all unofficial and optional . 
  every seat is open in the house every two years . 
  there are theoretically enough seats available in the senate as well , though i do n't know how safe those seats are . 
  i 'm not putting any faith in the republicans - the democrats have enough seats in the senate to filibuster . 
   the american public handed these people every branch of government for two years , yes . 
  but he 'll have to do some work to keep congress in 2018 . 
   he does n't need anybody else he does n't have a supermajority in the senate , so they can be very obstructionist if they 're so inclined . 
   it is still a european design i 'll give you that one , though i 'm not convinced the nationality of the designer is important . 
  almost all ford models are designed with global sales in mind . 
   made by european workers they 're made globally - us-market fusions and focuses are made in mexico and michigan , european market cars are made in europe . 
  regardless , the standards are the same and robots do most of the work . 
   to european standards and demands . 
  no , they 're made and designed to * global * standards and demands . 
  that includes european customers , but is not limited to them . 
  i do n't think european customers were demanding the 2.7 l , 365 hp engine that is available in the fusion . 
   distinctions are seldomly meaningless . 
  i think this one is . 
  and the bmw x3 is designed and manufactured in the us . 
  does n't mean it 's an american car . 
  the mondeo ( branded as the `` fusion '' ) is ford 's second most popular model in the us , after the f-150 pickup truck . 
  focuses are popular , too . 
  fiestas are uncommon , but that entire market segment ( subcompacts ) is unpopular in the us ( vw does n't even bother trying to sell the polo ) . 
  with ford 's `` one ford '' policy , the distinction is meaningless . 
  not since 2010 or so . 
  ford now has a `` one ford '' policy , which means that the majority of ford models are sold in all markets . 
  the fiesta , focus , and fusion/mondeo are all identical between the us and europe ( with some differences in options , of course ) . 
  median income adjusted for ppp is good for comparing how much spending power the average person has . 
   and bear in mind that such manipulation software is something that not only vw employs . 
  just yesterday investigations into fiat-chrysler were openend and i 'll be damned if that were all of them . 
  personally , i would n't be surprised if * all * light-duty diesel engines were violating emissions regulations , intentionally or otherwise . 
  it 's reasonable to only extradite to other countries when certain standards are met , but eliminating all non-eu nations seems unreasonable . 
  i would n't expect nor desire germany to extradite anyone for something that is not a crime in germany , if they can not expect a fair trial , or if an unethical punishment is possible . 
  but if those conditions are met , why would there be an issue ? 
  it all depends on how you want to define an `` american '' car . 
  many cars sold in germany are manufactured in the us by german companies ( ex . 
  bmw x3 ) , manufactured in europe by american companies ( ex . 
  ford focus ) , or are simply rebranded american cars sold by a subsidiary ( ex . 
  plenty of opportunities for american executives and engineers to violate german law . 
  i imagine you would n't be too happy if an american-manufactured or designed car was intentionally violating german air quality regulations and the us was refusing to extradite anyone responsible . 
  ski goggles do , but why are you concerned about eyes ? 
  exactly - diesels were never given incentives in the us and diesel cars are very rare here . 
  diesel fuel is taxed slightly higher than gasoline , and overall is about 15 % more expensive . 
  i imagine the very high rate of alcohol abuse has something to do with it . 
  anglophone canada is not culturally european , unless the only requirements for `` culturally european '' are universal healthcare and a parliament . 
  no one can visit saskatchewan and come away feeling like it 's culturally european , and anyone who visits both vancouver and seattle will recognize that they 're extremely similar . 
  well , there 's more to it , as black people are more likely to commit murder ( and to be murdered ) than white people of the same economic standing , even white people living in the same communities . 
  i am * absolutely not * saying that black people are inherently more violent , just that it 's not as simple as economics . 
  certainly structural racism could be part of it , to some degree , as well as urbanization ( the urban poor appear to commit crimes at far higher rates than rural poor ) . 
  well , when his reaction to being asked for id is to shoot a police officer , i think it 's a pretty safe assumption he was involved . 
  he had a little while before he was identified as a suspect , and regardless 1000 km is not far at all to travel over several days . 
  a very small percentage of murders happen with `` military style '' guns . 
  by far the most common murder weapons are handguns , usually cheap ones . 
  why would there be outrage ? 
  smog levels in the us are generally much lower than in europe , and the lack of diesel cars here is a significant part of that . 
   `` it creates the sense for bulgarians that for one of our most important partners , the u.s. , there are different types of europeans , '' said bulgarian mep eva paunova . 
  `` we can not accept that . '' obviously , from the us perspective , treating bulgaria and the uk identically just because the eu says we should is not going to happen . 
  but it 's also nonsensical that the commission is refusing to follow their own law . 
  the most likely us `` retaliation '' for requiring visas of us citizens is simply that visas will be required from all eu citizens . 
  that 's an inconvenience for everyone involved , but does n't seem much more than that . 
  not really . 
  people just make the mistake of looking at the presidential election as if it 's a national election , when it 's really 51 separate elections . 
  i mean , that 's just how it works . 
  the presidential election is not a popular vote nor is it a referendum . 
  the popular vote on a national level is just a bit of trivia , the vote that matters is the popular vote in each state . 
  most of the ballots counted on election day were electronic or machine read . 
  most of the remaining ballots are mail-in ballots , which in some states are allowed to arrive after election day . 
  wise men is probably the most common , but `` three kings '' is seen too . 
  i imagine it varies by denomination . 
  # 37,500 sounds low , to be honest . 
  the average graduate salary in the us was projected at $ 50,500 for 2016 , with business in particular at $ 52,000 / # 41,000 ( [ source ] ( http://time.com/money/3829776/heres-what-the-average-grad-makes-right-out-of-college/ ) ) . 
  since that 's the us as a whole , finance salaries in nyc are undoubtedly higher ( i ca n't find a good source on nyc in particular - a job hunting website claimed a median of $ 74,000 for a graduate ) . 
  it makes it seem that wages in the uk finance industry are not particularly high . 
   everyone has the right to not be discriminated again . 
  agreed , at least when referring to the obvious traits that should be protected ( race/religion/nationality / gender/etc ) . 
  but i would disagree with punishing someone for advocating otherwise . 
  yes and no . 
  it 's not a crime , but would be a tort . 
  vw certainly deserves fines , but this course of action seems a bit strange, 
  i mean that when you say `` hate speech '' , americans think of the same kind of thing that is defined as hate speech in europe . 
  it just is n't illegal . 
  making threats is illegal , but not necessarily hate speech . 
  no , the american definition of hate speech is pretty much the same , it 's just not a crime . 
  threats are a different thing . 
   the us does have protections against hate speech no , not really . 
  it 's illegal to make specific threats but it is legal to say that violence against a group is a good idea . 
  at least in the us , defamation is a bit different because it 's a tort , not a crime . 
  it has to specifically harm one person or entity ( you ca n't slander `` mexicans '' , for example ) , and it has to involve a provably false statement of fact ( opinions are never defamatory ) . 
  and the biggest distinction is that the police ca n't and wo n't get involved in libel , it 's a civil matter where someone sues for reparation of damages caused . 
  the idea that the judiciary should stop people from expressing opinions is far more offensive to me than anything trump said about mexicans . 
  i would n't call american nationalism inclusive , but it 's not ethnocentric .
