   $ 100,000 + would be around $ 110,000 and would put you in the top 3 % of us earners , not the top 25 % . 
  where 'd you get that number ? 
  the us census puts the 80th percentile for family income at $ 129,006 . 
  obviously , individual income is a different thing , but 3 % sounds awfully low . 
  in manhattan , 1 bedroom apartments are often  $ 3000 per month . 
  there 's also a five bedroom townhouse available for $ 55,000 per month . 
  a lot of us subscribe to city subreddits , but state ones are less popular ( no one really cares about state-level news , it might as well be national if it 's not in your area ) . 
   trump will ban all muslims from the us . 
  trump * wants * to ban foreign muslims from the us . 
  it 's * highly * questionable whether he would have the legal authority to do so . 
  it 's still disturbing and disgusting , obviously . 
  both clinton and trump are awful . 
  yeah , most are , but there are at least a few with state churches - norway , denmark , england , iceland , maybe more . 
  well , some european countries do n't have a separation between church and state , so it would be fair to call them christian nations . 
  she sounds generically foreign in game of thrones , but i do n't know if that 's her actual accent or not . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen an interview with her . 
  there are some , it 's not that common though . 
  with a normal torque converter automatic transmission , no . 
  the engine needs to be on for there to be enough fluid pressure to engage the planetary gears . 
  in other words , automatic transmissions can not shift out of neutral unless the engine is running . 
  so pushing or towing the car is n't going to help you , you need electricity . 
  tow starts might be possible with automatic transmissions that have clutches , but i 'm not sure . 
  in general , automatics have surpassed manuals in efficiency in newer cars due to many gears ( eight or nine ) and more advanced computer control . 
  i 'm not familiar with the european ratings , but the us fuel economy ratings tend to be very accurate in relative terms - if one model has better economy than another , that 's very likely to remain true in real driving . 
  call someone who does have them . 
  automatic transmissions gained mainstream popularity in the us from the late 40s through the 50s . 
  at that time , western europe was relatively poor , not many people were willing to spend the extra money for an automatic transmission , and it gained a reputation as a luxury option rather than the affordable upgrade it was in the us . 
  also , the us has never had taxes based on engine displacement and fuel was cheap , so the efficiency and power losses from the early automatic transmissions were n't a big deal - you lost some power , but you could just stick a bigger engine in and it was no big deal . 
  nowadays , with modern turbochargers , displacement and power are n't so closely related , but still europeans tend to buy less powerful cars than americans ( for example , the least powerful engine you can get in the us-market vw golf is the 1.8 t ) . 
  many automatic transmissions allow you to downshift . 
  in an automatic ? 
  lift your foot off the brake , press the accelerator . 
  a wall is n't racist , but the motivations behind building it can be . 
  yup . 
  they 're not one of the nicer stores . 
  i do n't know where they 're based , but we have them in the us . 
  however , i do n't think they have flags and they definitely do n't put three of them in a row . 
  if the goal is keeping mexicans out of the us , building a wall is n't a bad idea . 
  the problem really is that the cost/benefit ratio is awful , and it 's possibly a bit racist . 
  but a full border wall would probably reduce illegal immigration significantly . 
  amish furniture is fairly expensive . 
  and wealthy might not be the best description , but certainly middle class . 
  upper house is the generic term for this sort of thing , i would n't say it 's british . 
  the us upper house is the senate , but senate is n't a generic term for upper house . 
  the `` safe harbor '' time is 10 pm in the us for free broadcast channels . 
  any channel that is part of a subscription ( which is the vast majority of american tv ) is not subject to content restrictions at any time of day . 
  my ballot was n't quite as big as the dutch one , but yeah , it was pretty long as it covered about two dozen different elections and referendums . 
  several states do have official languages , though , and state governments are responsible for the ballots . 
  depends on the state . 
  mine did . 
  what do you think american ballots look like ? 
  i had six presidential candidate plus about two dozen other positions . 
  he 's right only if he refers to the us market specifically , where the model s does actually outsell the s-class and 7-series combined . 
  but discussing the us market in reference to german taxes is strange , and the s-class does outsell the model s in germany . 
  it 's nominally 35 % , which really is one of the highest in the world . 
  the effective rate is about 27 % , which is roughly the oecd average . 
  the eu might want to be treated that way , but congress would need to change us law for the visa waiver program to work like that . 
  passport sent back by regular letter - well how else would you get it ? 
  the state department mails american passports when they 're issued as well . 
   a country as alcohol focused as the us . 
  what do you mean by that one ? 
  the us has lower per capita alcohol consumption than most european countries . 
  in the us military , only officers get to fly planes , and officers are required to have a university degree . 
  so no 17 year olds . 
  there are no 17 year old fighter pilots . 
  you need to be an officer to fly planes , and you need a university degree to be an officer . 
  why would they be able to put more into savings ? 
  renting is almost always more expensive than a mortgage for an equivalent property . 
  germans do generally have less debt than nations with higher rates of home ownership , but they also have lower assets on average . 
   ok , i would n't travel to a country that has summers even colder than mine ( central scandinavia ) . 
  why not ? 
  it 's not like you 're going to iceland to swim in the ocean , i 'm not sure why the temperature matters much . 
  it 's not unpleasant in the summer . 
   what 's there to see ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  nature is the big draw . 
  thingvellir , hot springs , waterfalls , glaciers , etc. 
  but the towns are really pleasant as well , and i had a lot of great food . 
  it 's a nice place to visit . 
   not that that is necessarily the best test of whether a fetus should have rights . 
  after all , the fetus is a separate person ( with its own unique dna ) immediately after fertilization . 
  whether a fetus is a `` person '' is extremely subjective . 
  a fetus does have its own unique dna , but it 's patently absurd to suggest that that means anything . 
  i think it 's reasonable to discuss limitations on abortion once the fetus reaches the age of viability , when it could theoretically survive on its own with medical assistance ( ~ 22 weeks ) . 
  before then , giving it any rights at all does n't make much sense to me . 
  well , bovine hormones do n't affect humans , so it 's more of an animal welfare issue than a food quality issue . 
  you do n't need conscription to maintain a reasonably large military . 
  it might be because we mostly get the larger engines ( a few years ago , the smallest engine bmw sold in the us was the 3.0 i6 ) and higher trim lines from the german makes , but they 've never had a reputation for reliability over here . 
  sportiness , luxury , and technology , but not reliability . 
  the us military budget is well below 1/3 of the total budget . 
  but defense spending does have a return on investment . 
  the money does n't go into a black hole ; it goes into salaries for millions of people , r&d , etc. 
  it 's probably not the * best * return on investment , but there is a return . 
  right , because they were losing money . 
  i 'm actually a bit impressed they managed to get that much . 
  there does n't seem to have been much valuable ip included in the deal . 
  holden actually developed their own platform , called `` zeta '' . 
  regardless , it 's a large rwd platform and probably not the kind of ip that peugeot wanted to buy . 
  no , vauxhall did not really design its own cars . 
  they were all either rebranded chevrolets or rebranded opels ( there 's some overlap there as some opels are also rebranded chevrolets ) .
