  technically correct , but probably not colloquial . 
  agreed , i live in a small and inexpensive city in the us and rents are about double that ( though home ownership is inexpensive ) . 
  the statistics are n't consistent , because most countries do n't require people to report their wealth . 
  for the most part , it 's educated guesses . 
   just look at your second amendment right now , i think that 's in dire need of amendment if a strong majority of americans felt the same way , we could change it . 
  but that is n't the case . 
  they sort of do , in the sense that they 're not supposed to bring criminal charges in the first place if they ( or a grand jury ) do n't believe that the suspect is guilty . 
  they 're different words . 
  founder = sink , flounder = struggle, 
  diesel cars are worse for local air quality - they emit a lot more nox and particulates . 
  they generally emit less cox than comparably powerful gasoline engines , though . 
  most americans held by the japanese were captured early in the war . 
  the [ bataan death march ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bataan_death_march ) occurred in 1942 , for example . 
  cng, 
  diesel vehicles are notably worse than gasoline vehicles in their effect on local air quality . 
  i did n't make that claim ... 
  i 'm not saying anything about standard of living , just salaries , and i do n't think `` american technology workers make more money than european technology workers '' is a controversial claim . 
  yes . 
  `` programmer analyst '' , `` systems analyst '' , and similar titles typically indicate help desk/support workers , and the salaries in the $ 60k range indicate this as well . 
  certainly there are h1b software developers as well , but it 's not the majority and it 's not as much of an issue in terms of competition with american workers ( i 've never met an american with a computer science degree that did n't have a good job ) . 
  standard of living is hard to compare , but as of 2013 the average starting salary for a computer science graduate in the us was $ 60,000 : http://www.forbes.com/sites/susanadams/2013/04/15/college-degrees-with-the-highest-starting-salaries-3/#4377bbef7f0b, 
  the problem with h1b workers mainly involves less-skilled ( ex . 
  tier 1/2 help desk workers ) , not software developers . 
  it 's still a problem , but the impact on more skilled jobs is smaller . 
  in the case of the us , we do n't actually have the same labor laws for everyone . 
  it workers are specifically exempt from being paid overtime ( provided that their base salary is above a certain minimum ) . 
  with electric cars , many people can charge at home . 
  so you do n't need as many charging stations , they 're primarily needed for long distance travel . 
  for example , the nearest tesla supercharger to me is around 65 miles away . 
  obviously that does n't help for daily use , but it 's in an ideal location for a longer trip ( about halfway to the next major city ) . 
  changing the number of payments does n't change how much you 're being paid . 
  i get paid 26 times per year , that does n't mean that i 'd get paid half as much if my company decided to pay monthly salaries instead . 
  i 'd make the exact same amount , just paid less frequently . 
  i 'm no trump fan , but fascist is hardly an accurate description . 
  sure , that would be ideal , and i myself voted for a third party candidate . 
  there were , i believe , six different presidential candidates on the ballot in my state . 
  but of course any fptp system tends to produce two dominant parties . 
   but the whole election system failed the us this time . 
  in the primaries you guys chose a lady who had already lived in the white house once and trump . 
  why did you do that ? 
  `` we '' did n't pick clinton and trump , the democratic party chose clinton and the republican party chose trump . 
  only a small percentage of americans actually voted in the primaries . 
  there are lots of republicans who were more qualified than trump , but the republican primary voters decided they wanted a political `` outsider '' . 
  there are lots of democrats with less baggage than clinton , but the party seemed to decide that it was her turn . 
  audi already agreed to a settlement in the us so presumably it was the illegal variety . 
  the us import duty on cars is 2.5 % ( cars built in canada and mexico are exempt , of course ) . 
  the exception is light duty trucks , taxed at 25 % . 
  the eu import duty on cars is 10 % . 
  it depends on the model . 
  bmw actually makes all of their suvs for all markets in the us , but other cars would be shipped from germany to the us . 
  the map is sourced from a wikipedia article , which in turn uses various sources , mostly interpol and eurostat . 
  interpol is definitely counting everything , from looking at other countries , but the italy data is eurostat , which does n't break down numbers by agency . 
  here it either means cops ahead or you 're blinding them with your high beams . 
  yes , sold as the escape, 
   the european ford division is autonomous from the american one though . 
  well , less now than it used to be . 
  ford has mostly global model cars now , and as a general rule ford europe designs the small cars and ford us designs the big ones , plus the mustang ( the dividing line between small and large is the fusion/mondeo ) . 
  thousands is putting it lightly . 
  about 1.5 * million * americans have a top secret security clearance . 
  we do , but per capita gsp in mississippi is only a bit lower than france 's per capita gdp , we do n't have any states nearly as poor as the poorest eu countries . 
  his approval rating is about 41 % currently , which is historically low for this early in a president 's term . 
  yes . 
  i never mentioned facebook , so i 'm not sure why you 're assuming i 'm making any statement about that fine . 
  my post was merely arguing that the us was not `` milking '' vw . 
  the gop may very well decide to impeach him , but they do need to wait for very solid evidence he 's committed a serious crime ( which we may get at the conclusion of the current fbi investigation ) . 
  impeachment is n't a vote of no confidence ; constitutionally , he ca n't be impeached for mere incompetence . 
   the us in fairness makes an effort on this kind of stuff ( e.g deutsche bank , vw , hsbc etc ) but only when it is n't american companies . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  jpmorganchase was fined $ 13 billion , an amount comparable to or higher than all of those fines , and there are plenty of other examples of us firms receiving  $ 1 billion fines . 
  eurofighter t3a unit cost is $ 90 million , compared to $ 85 million for 2018 f-35a orders ( projected ) . 
  additionally , the f-35 is projected to have significantly lower maintenance costs due to having a single engine ( engines constitute the vast majority of maintenance costs for jets , and unsurprisingly having two engines is almost twice as expensive as having one ) . 
   i bet the average f150 pickup emits more co2 & nox when reversing out of the driveway than the golf tdi going the whole route . 
  laughably false , but also not the point . 
  vw was n't fined for emissions per se , they were fined for purposefully cheating on the epa testing and lying to consumers . 
  and the fine for that is a maximum of $ 35,000 per vehicle sold . 
  it 's a punitive fine , meant to discourage companies from doing exactly what vw did . 
  it 's not meant to have any relation to the amount of environmental damage done , but rather to significantly outweigh any potential profit that a company could make . 
  additionally , vw was fined substantially less than the maximum . 
  protests do n't need to be sanctioned in the us unless they affect public services ( like blocking a road ) , and even then you 'll just be required to move before continuing your protest . 
   the resulting inflation exacerbated the wage stagnation . 
  the us has n't had inflation above 3.0 % in a decade . 
  you 're missing the point , though . 
  the ban does not affect the availability of anything , so there is no possibility that it will be effective . 
  you can have one terrorist buy the guns , the other one buy the magazines , and they will not have violated a * single * regulation until they meet up and start shooting people . 
  this does n't help anything . 
  i 'm mostly being facetious , but i guess my point is that gun violence is very low in most of europe , this ban is kind of silly and does n't seem like it would have affected any of the recent attacks ( the shooting in norway is the last high-profile attack i can remember that used legally-obtained weapons ) , so what 's the point ? 
  if standard capacity magazines remain legal and unregulated , and it 's only illegal to * also * own a compatible firearm , that 's not stopping anyone from getting their hands on them . 
  the ban literally only affects people who * want * to obey the law . 
  all of the m1s i have seen in the us have been painted desert camo , yes . 
  our military is very expeditionary ... 
  seems like banning cars would prevent more terrorist attacks the way things have been going . 
  for example , i prefer to run errands , buy groceries , etc on days i do n't work ( like sunday ) . 
  closing all stores would make that difficult . 
  everyone having a common day off also seems like it would be really annoying to get anything done that day , or actually * do * anything . 
  sunday is n't special , though . 
  as long as people get a day off i do n't see why it matters . 
  capital punishment is more expensive than life imprisonment in the us because the legal process of appeals lasts over a decade , not because life imprisonment is cheap . 
  engineers at spacex make about $ 80-90k in the us , which is below market but not too bad . 
  luckily the us constitution ca n't be amended with a simple referendum . 
  yeah , i 'm not disagreeing with your core idea , just trying to be a bit more specific .
