  the t stands for `` temporary '' . 
  you can receive no more than 60 months of benefits in your lifetime . 
  snap ( also known as food stamps ) provides you with a debit card ( called an ebt ) that can only be used to buy food . 
  there is no time limit to this benefit if you have a disability or if you have dependents ( children , mainly ) . 
  if you 're an able bodied adult without dependents , you can only receive snap for three months within any three year period unless you are working at least 80 hours per month , or are participating in a snap-approved work training or placement program . 
  basically , if you are an able bodied adult who simply refuses to attempt to find employment , you could conceivably be ineligible for any government assistance . 
  otherwise , you will at least get food . 
  is n't isis propaganda illegal in the us ? 
  i tough that if someone says he would like to bomb washington and is searching for others to join him , it would be illegal . 
  if that is the case than even in the us there is no `` absolute freedom of speech saying you 'd like to bomb washington is legal , recruiting people to actually do it is not . 
  in other words , handing out pro-isis flyers would be legal , handing out isis recruitment forms would n't be . 
   a person who never needed a loan is clearly way better at managing his finances that a person who repaid a lot of loans . 
  that 's not necessarily true , at least not in the us . 
  for example , using a credit card responsibly actually * saves * you money , because you get a percentage back in rewards that you would n't get with cash or a debit card . 
  also , a lot of car loans here are 0 % interest , or otherwise lower than inflation , so getting a loan in that situation is better than using cash . 
  you do n't need to take out a lot of loans to get a good score , typically using a credit card is enough , assuming you 've never paid a bill late . 
  and banks have no interest in how good you are at managing your spending or saving for retirement , they only care about how good you are at paying off your loans . 
  what 's kind of interesting is that having a good credit score can save you money in seemingly unrelated ways . 
  for example , car insurance companies here charge you less if you have good credit - they 've found that , statistically , people with good credit scores are less likely to get in car accidents . 
   mass murder is not an intrinsic part of communism . 
  it is an intrinsic part of nazism . 
  well , true , but because nazism is very specific , and the nazis did those things . 
  you could just as easily say that mass murder is not an intrinsic part of fascism , but it is an intrinsic part of stalinism . 
  what kind of android phones do people buy ? 
  in the us , the most popular android phones ( samsung galaxy s models , mainly ) are just as expensive as iphones . 
  i do n't know if * suspicious * is the correct word , but basically because you do n't have a proven history of paying off loans you wo n't get as good of an interest rate as someone who has a history of paying off loans ( using the term broadly - credit cards count , too , even if you use them correctly and never pay interest ) on time . 
  for most channels , it 's ensuring that they get the most possible advertisers . 
  some of the most popular shows on american tv ( and netflix ) have a lot of nudity . 
  i 've never heard of a public school having religious clubs . 
  universities , yeah , but universities have all sorts of organizations . 
  what shows are you referring to ? 
  the ones i can think of with truly graphic violence ( ex . 
  the walking dead ) are all on cable tv channels which , like hbo , can show whatever they want . 
  only broadcast channels - abc , cbs , nbc , fox - are subject to the fcc 's 10pm watershed . 
  all other channels can show whatever they want , whenever they want . 
  any lack of nudity is a choice of the network or show producer , not a regulation . 
  agreed . 
  field hockey is a girl 's sport , but soccer is just a sport that girls play . 
  1 acre = 4000 m ^ 2, 
  i do n't think we really have insults * directed at * religious figures in english , just what you 've heard on tv , and they 're not considered very vulgar . 
  average new home size in the us is well over 200 m2 , so `` mcmansions '' are n't really abnormally large homes , they 're mostly notable for being boring and on small plots of land . 
  20 years ago , lot sizes were frequently about a half acre in many suburban areas , which is a decent amount of land . 
  now , you 're lucky to see a quarter acre in many areas . 
  no , the general election . 
  the number of candidates varies by state , i believe you would have received the ballot of the state you last lived in ? 
  not sure . 
  in any case , i 'm in florida . 
  who were the other 9 candidates in the american election ? 
  i may have missed that since our political background/history is so similar . 
  well , there were about that many . 
  my ballot had eight candidates for president . 
  many of them had no chance , of course . 
  luckily download caps are n't common here , but unfortunately neither is cheap internet . 
  it works for most industries , where there are n't massive localized infrastructure requirements like with isps . 
   in the uk , we have the monopolies commission . 
  it stops big companies from buying up all the competition and taking away people 's choices ( the us should get one for their isp choices alone ! ), 
  we have that , the antitrust division of the department of justice . 
  the issue with isps is one of * local * monopolies , which the federal government ca n't do much about . 
  we have a bunch of isps in the us , but often only one or two of them provide services to a particular city . 
  the military thing seems a bit different though , it 's about the soldiers , not the government - you would n't see `` department of defense '' spelled out in a ceremony . 
  i found it very interesting that the nhs was part of the olympics opening ceremony . 
  it 's amazing to me that a government agency could be a matter of national pride like that . 
   simplyfy our tax system . 
  our income tax system is horribly complicated because it tries to accommodate every possible combination of life circumstances so there are thousands of things which are deductable and thousands of exceptions for specific groups of people . 
  the bureaucratic overhead is enormous . 
  everyone agrees that it should be simplyfied but nobody wants to give up their little benefits . 
  there were some politicians who seriously tried and their careers ended pretty quickly . 
  that sounds familiar . 
  rye bread is popular in certain areas for certain sandwiches , for example ruebens , pastrami sandwiches , etc are often ( and should always be ) served on rye bread . 
  the us law that bans them was created decades before kinder eggs even existed . 
  it 's a fairly sensible law , too ( basically `` it is illegal to hide inedible objects inside of food '' ) , they just did n't anticipate someone would do it responsibly and no one has bothered to update the law . 
  what ? 
  that pizza looks awesome . 
  it 's somewhere in between . 
  a mustang is certainly a `` normal '' car in that they 're inexpensive and common , but it 's also a sports car in the sense that it 's fast and has unusable back seats . 
  yeah , the price difference is a big deal . 
  a mustang ecoboost is about the same price as a golf gti here ( ~ $ 25k ) , if they were $ 45k no one would buy them , that 's audi s4 territory . 
  i completely agree . 
  i do n't think the issue is that american police are armed , it 's that they 're trained differently . 
  and i do n't think it 's specifically an issue with training length , i mean american police are specifically taught to use their firearms in situations where a german police officer ( for example ) is n't . 
  as an example , american police are taught to shoot people with knives if they 're closer than 7 meters , rather than attempting deescalation . 
  the no-firearms thing is pretty rare in europe , i think that 's only the case in the uk and norway . 
  could be wrong . 
  you 'd have to have a * really * old and shitty automatic transmission for it to shift slower than anyone with a manual . 
  that menu is amazing . 
  chinese restaurants are known for extensive menus here but that puts them to same . 
  i do n't think anyone 's claiming that the cultural differences are the same , just that it 's not as easy to visit other countries if you live in the us . 
  yup , americans who are anti-mexican are just racist . 
  but even many mexicans living in the us are strongly opposed to illegal immigration . 
  i do n't think british food is bad at all , the only issue is lack of variety . 
  it 's pretty interesting how consistent the menus at british pubs and cafes are ( maybe that 's intentional ? 
  in the us , you can typically fence off any land you own . 
  the exception is usually coastline , but private beaches do exist in some states . 
  those hot dogs are an abomination and i have never seen anything like it, 
   americans : generally nice if a little too confident ( this almost seems like a superiority complex - they go into restaurants and expect food to be served all day , a table straight away , and so on ) . 
  is it common for restaurants to not serve food all day ? 
  what do they do when they are n't serving food ? 
  the biggest difference is that all opinions , including `` hate speech '' , are constitutionally protected in the us . 
  it just means that the bill of rights is n't all-inclusive , that is , rights exist separately from the bill of rights . 
  the bill of rights only grants specific protection .
