  it probably does n't change anything - gm is still using the platform , they just do n't have the factories . 
  the opel insignia platform is also used for buicks built on china and canada , so i imagine the holden 's will come from one of those factories . 
  hawaii and the southern tip of florida have tropical rainforests , and washington has temperate rainforests . 
  navy blue, 
  the us does have rainforests ( both temperate and tropical ) , though i 'm not sure if any are in the national parks system . 
  sure , the exact percentage that constitutes `` full employment '' varies by country . 
  4 % is a common estimate but that 's not going to be true for every economy . 
  most economists believe `` overemployment '' ( a lack of frictional unemployment ) results in runaway inflation due to the inability of companies to hire anyone without offering excessive wages . 
  is being concerned about russia really paranoid , considering that they are literally annexing parts of eastern europe ? 
  it 's interesting that the eu expects to be treated as a federation internationally without actually being a federation internally . 
  as long as there is a public record of how each mep votes , what 's wrong with electronic ? 
  i 've never traveled to europe on business , but i imagine they would ask some questions . 
  they asked me what sites and cities i planned to see as a tourist so presumably they 'd ask me a bit about my job . 
  it varies a lot . 
  some cities have public transportation as extensive as london or paris , some cities do n't have any trains at all . 
  los angeles has the worst traffic in the entire country . 
  many cities do have some traffic issues , but generally not on that level . 
  it 's very difficult to expect the eu to be treated as if it were federalized if it 's not actually federalized . 
  that can be the goal , but it 's unrealistic for the eu to expect treatment as if it were a federation without actually becoming a federation . 
  while i certainly wish it was better , i personally get to work a lot faster by car than i would via any conceivable method of public transportation . 
  probably not as great for the environment , though . 
  the eu is not a federal union as you well know . 
  the us * does * treat citizens of federal nations the same regardless of where they are from within that nation . 
  if the eu expects all members to be treated equally , it should federalize . 
  nato members are not obliged to buy it . 
  the eu is a confederation edit : not a federation , the us is a federation . 
  if the eu were a federation it would be perfectly reasonable to expect that the us treat every member the same , as the us does for germans and other federal nations . 
  there are tons of ukrainian immigrants to the us , many of them recent . 
  never claimed that it was . 
  but it is part of europe . 
  i definitely would n't want to be poor in the us , but anyone with a skilled/professional job gets paid time off ( not necessarily as much as in the eu , but three weeks is pretty normal ) , affordable health insurance , etc. 
  i do drive a lot , about 20 miles each way to work , but nice cars and gasoline are pretty cheap here so i do n't mind . 
  but the problem is that , statistically , people from those countries do have a habit of overstaying their visas . 
  it 's not logical but it absolutely happens , and thus they do n't get into the vwp . 
  i have visited europe about ten times and i have been asked the duration and purpose of my trip literally every time i 've gone through passport control . 
  not for most european countries , but we absolutely do need to do that to visit some countries , for example russia . 
  but the us is a federation , the eu is not . 
  the us does n't treat germans from different states differently . 
  most native english speakers use the contraction `` should 've '' when speaking . 
  this sounds a lot like `` should of '' , so , some people do n't think about it and that 's what they write . 
  well , nuclear submarines never need to surface , so they 're what you want if you can afford it . 
  all us navy submarines and aircraft carriers are nuclear , but the smaller ships are conventional . 
  it 's a big number but that number is planned through * 2043 * and the goal is for the class of submarines to be in service into the 2070s . 
  so some of the virginia-class will certainly be decommissioned before the last ones are built . 
   china does n't meddle in others ' affairs they might not meddle much in * european * affairs , but i think a lot of asians would be incredulous at that statement . 
  a lot of electronics components , particularly semiconductors , are made in the us . 
  so while your phone was likely assembled in china or taiwan , it 's highly likely that it contains at least a couple us-made parts . 
  a lot of semiconductors are made in the us , so if you own a phone or computer there 's a decent chance that at least some of the parts were made in the us . 
  intent is very important in many legal systems , but intentionally offending people should not be illegal . 
  burning the us flag offends many people , but it 's not illegal in most places . 
  burning the koran should be similar . 
  religion is no more ( or less ) worthy of protection than national identity , which is to say that people should be free to offend any beliefs they want to . 
  your own advice `` if you hate it so much , just ignore it '' applies to people who are offended by burning religious books just as much as it applies to those doing the burning . 
  there is no need to punish anyone , no one is being harmed . 
  if it bothers you , ignore it . 
  i personally think that burning religious books is distasteful , but a lot of things are distasteful . 
  that does n't mean that it should be illegal . 
  international law only matters as far as other nations are willing and able to enforce it . 
  who is going to lend any real support to catalan independence , at the expense of their relationship with spain ? 
   how so ? 
  rain falls more in fl than in london . 
  last summer it reached 33 degrees c in london . 
  it was cooler in fl ok you have more sunny days but we often get hot summers and we do n't have air con units at least it 's not anywhere near as popular for us as it is for you ... because averages are what 's important , not the single hottest day . 
  33c is far , far hotter than the average summer temperature in london , but very close to the average summer temperature in florida . 
  we do have energy charts on appliances . 
  and comparing london heat to most of the us is kind of silly . 
  average for a full time worker is a little over 40 hours per week . 
  most of the difference is probably vacation/holidays . 
  that 's not quite true , any newer home in the northeast will have ac as well . 
  by spending a lot of money . 
  mortgage on a $ 1.5 million house is about $ 7500 per month , leasing a mercedes s550 is about $ 1000 per month , etc. 
   there are many republican-dominated cities that are far worse but * not * singled out by the president , so i would be inclined to see that statement more as a scare tactic . 
  which cities are those , exactly ? 
  i completely disagree with trump , but there are so few large cities with republican mayors ( only 27 of the 100 largest cities ) , and none of them seem to be doing particularly badly , so i 'm curious which you are referring to . 
  it 's probably better to say that too few are employed in private industry . 
  that 's total gdp , california has just over half the population of the uk . 
  lots of american tv shows have nudity . 
  not enough , of course , but still ... 
  well , the us is a republic , but it 's also democratic . 
  the legislature is directly elected , the fact that the head of state/government is not a direct popular vote does n't change that - many countries do n't have an election for their head of government at all . 
  almost everywhere is an improvement on nebraska , unless you 're really into corn . 
  yup , they 're even at the level where major us airlines hand them out as snacks . 
  it 's all happened kind of suddenly too . 
  but under employment is * not * unemployment and it would n't make sense to try to include it in a measure of unemployment . 
  it 's not hidden , it 's a completely different statistic . 
  not the best measure , since on that scale someone in the us making $ 150k per year , living in a 300 sq m house with $ 200k left on their mortgage is poorer than a villager living in a hut in new guinea . 
  within the context of us law , the president does seem to have the authority to withdraw from treaties . 
  however , the us-eu privacy shield is an agreement rather than a treaty ( like nafta ) . 
  restricting issuance of new visas is much different than rejecting people who already have visas or green cards . 
   why ? 
  i 'm being serious , why ? 
   we 're welfare states , by and large . 
  we 've sort of accepted that higher unemployment is better than trying to shove physics graduates into coffee making part-time for tips . 
  i do n't think that 's a bad thing , just needs good management . 
  well , i do n't think that 's an accurate description of the us job market . 
  the us has both lower unemployment and a higher median income than most european countries - it 's possible and desirable to reduce unemployment without creating more shitty jobs . 
  for what it 's worth , the us definition of full employment is around 4 % , which is not particularly low ( some european countries have lower targets than that ) . 
  i 'm not really sure what you 're suggesting . 
  ethnicity and language are n't the only reasons that a state can be `` valid '' . 
  it was n't like someone broke out a map and said `` let 's call this one pennsylvania , and this one maryland '' .
