  now , if someone had mongolian ancestry or something that might actually be a unique conversation . 
  but `` my great-great-grandfather was german '' is silly . 
  where are you from ? 
  i ca n't say i 've ever seen them . 
  also , excessively pale women with obviously dyed black hair . 
  though you might be counting that under `` trashy '' ... 
  the one on grass is called field hockey , but it 's a women 's sport here and not played professionally , so it rarely comes up in conversation . 
  not all of canada is super cold . 
  vancouver has fairly similar weather to the uk ( mild winters ) , and the toronto area has cold winters but warm summers . 
  does `` hockey '' not mean ice hockey in the uk ? 
   if i lived in the usa i 'd move to canada . 
  easier said than done , we do n't have freedom of movement . 
  automatic transmissions do n't wear the same way that manual transmissions do , because they do n't have a clutch ( they use something called a torque converter instead ) . 
  most automatic transmissions do n't need any maintenance beyond fluid changes ( which are usually recommended every 60,000 km or so ) . 
  dual clutch transmissions do have clutches , but they have two of them ( obviously ) and they tend to shift more or less perfectly , so the wear on the clutches is very very low . 
  in the us , it 's almost the opposite , for some models you need to get the more expensive performance version to have the manual as an option . 
  some of the new ones are pretty good , like the zf 8 speed that is in seemingly every new car in the us . 
   i would n't know how to take down a gear if i want to overtake someone in an automatic car they do it automatically based on throttle . 
  it 's probably a bit of both . 
  hershey 's is n't considered high quality even in the us , but undoubtedly it tastes worse if you 're not used to it . 
  to be fair , hershey 's is the bottom of the barrel for american chocolate as well . 
  ghirardelli is the most prominent good quality american brand . 
  i 'm guessing that is n't actually enforced ? 
  interesting !, 
  12 oz is a fairly common size for strong (  8 % or 9 % ) beer here , never suspected that some places would be that strict about such things . 
  i 'd wager that hunting is the most common reason to own a gun in the us , too , though any statistics are likely to be a bit unreliable as we 're not actually required to give a reason to own a gun . 
  people live in trailers in the parts of the us that are as cold or colder than austria . 
  it 's not ideal , but it is cheap ... 
  us passports and passport cards ( the closest thing we have to a national id ) do n't have home addresses . 
  i think all state driver 's licenses do have home addresses - i 'm not sure why , i ca n't recall ever needing to prove my address ( needing to prove residency in a particular state is more common , though ) . 
  it varies by state . 
  most states use four year terms for governors , four year terms for state senators , and two year terms for state representatives , but there are exceptions to each of those . 
  if turkey is ostensibly a secular country , why is your religion registered with the government/on your id ? 
  it seems like discrimination is the only possible use for that ... 
  i think this is probably the right answer . 
  the standard of living for poor people is definitely higher in western europe than in the us , but they do n't have the means to emigrate . 
  the kind of people who have the skills such that an employer would sponsor them to move to europe are already doing well for themselves in the us . 
  the median salary for a university graduate with no experience in the us is roughly $ 50k per year . 
  most european countries are n't getting close to that . 
  geography is n't even an independent class in most american schools , it 's just kind of taught alongside history . 
  why do you say it 's pointless ? 
  in many ( maybe most ) countries , there are a lot of legal and financial conveniences that come along with marriage . 
  is that not the case in the uk ? 
   us conservatives are n't very competitive in cities if i understand correctly . 
  spanish conservatives are . 
  the pp held the mayor of madrid for 20 years in a row , and still has control over their state government . 
  the new spanish left is not competitive on rural areas though , just like their us counterparts ( though the old centre-left is very competitive in the rural spanish south : andalusia and extremadura ) there are some cities in the us that are pretty conservative , but mostly smaller cities in generally rural regions or unusually religious cities . 
  for example , provo . 
  i 'm curious , if conservatives are competitive in cities and the left is n't competitive in rural areas , where are the leftist areas ? 
  interesting !, 
  i visited london this summer and it seemed very white to me . 
  but i did n't spend much time outside of zone 1 , so i 'm sure that had an impact . 
  i guess it depends a bit on what you consider the countryside . 
  city outskirts do tend to be poor in the us , whereas suburbs ( outside of city limits , but within commuting distance ) tend to be affluent . 
  many rural americans would include suburbs with the urban areas , though . 
  disney world is overall better . 
  disneyland paris is much smaller ( comparable to disneyland in california ) , and strangely enough the food is significantly worse . 
  space mountain in paris is amazing though . 
  you 've probably bought something that at least contains parts made in the us - most intel chips are made in the us , for example . 
  i think it 's a fair comparison simply because the exact same demographic voted for brexit and voted for trump . 
  and honestly it remains to be seen which one will do more damage . 
  brexit is fairly permanent , whereas theoretically we can greatly limit trump 's power in two years and remove him from office in four . 
  damn , it 's $ 39,000 in the us and a lot of people argue that it 's overpriced at that amount ( mainly due to the outdated engine and interior quality ) . 
  i think it 's fairly clear that it 's the exit . 
   funnily though california would a be a pretty successful country if independent . 
  their economy is impressive but they 're not energy or water independent . 
  `` subzero '' is used in the us , too , but it refers to < 0 f , which is obviously quite a bit colder than freezing . 
   pootjebaden is n't that literally footbath ? 
  is the meaning different ? 
  the responsible thing to do is simply use a credit card as you would a debit card - you do n't spend money you do n't have , it just gets taken out at the end of the billing period rather than immediately . 
  it requires a bit of budgeting and self control but it 's not difficult . 
  interest rates in the us are overall fairly low , my mortgage is about 3.6 % , and 0 % loans on cars are fairly common . 
  the big difference is student loans , and the reasons for that basically tie into differences in regulations . 
  student loans are a bit weird in that there 's no collateral ( unlike a car or house ) , so they 're more like a personal loan than anything else . 
  personal loans generally have a high interest rate because they 're high risk - there 's nothing left for the bank if you do n't pay it . 
  so , student loans are generally as high interest as the law will allow . 
   there is no such thing as free money , you are paying for that one way or another someone is paying for it , but not the people using credit cards ( assuming you pay off your balance on time ) . 
  credit card companies charge a fee to businesses , but the key is that businesses do n't charge a different price to people paying by cash/debit and people paying by credit ( charging a different price is actually banned by credit card merchant agreements ) . 
  so you 're only benefitted by using a credit card . 
   dealers will allow you to pay for a new car in instalments if you want to . 
  that 's what a car loan is ... 
  credit cards have a lot of benefits , at least in the way they 're used in the us . 
  in the us , most credit cards give you rewards - basically , you get a percentage ( usually 1-3 % ) of your money back , and/or get other perks like airline miles . 
  you are n't charged any interest if you pay off your balance each month , so there really are n't any drawbacks . 
  additionally , you have slightly more protection from fraud , in the sense that the money is never actually gone , so you do n't need to wait to be refunded . 
  technically , lyndon johnson , who swore on a missal . 
  teddy roosevelt was the most recent president who did not use any religious text , nor did he append `` so help me god '' to the oath of office . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  shoes off is probably the main difference between uk/us airport security . 
  you do realize we elect more people than just the president , right ? 
  i voted for like 20 different people this year . 
  all of them besides the president are directly elected by popular vote . 
  i do n't think that 's any less democratic than voting for a single party as in many parliamentary systems . 
  kinder eggs are n't specifically banned . 
  there 's like an 80 year old law that bans putting inedible objects inside of food unless they can be seen . 
  honestly i did n't notice much difference between uk and us airport security . 
  fahrenheit is fine for weather and cooking if you 're used to it . 
  we do use celsius or kelvin for anything else . 
  even in grade school i never used fahrenheit in science classes . 
   * your president swears on the bible when taking office * .
