  if european countries have an issue with the results that are available on a website hosted outside of their country , they can see how their citizens feel about a mandatory internet filter ( for the record , i am certainly against the us attempts to enforce us law on non-american websites ) . 
  yeah , it 's just one of those issues where mainstream european opinions and mainstream american opinions just do n't match up . 
  i do n't think google has any malicious intentions , they 're just approaching it from the american perspective . 
   i do n't see why these people should n't have the option of erasing that tidbit of information they personally find annoying . 
  the typical american perspective on this issue is that someone 's annoyance , inconvenience , or embarrassment is less important than someone else 's right to free speech . 
  i do n't think that 's it at all . 
  for a lot of americans , the right to free speech trumps just about everything else . 
  the `` right to be forgotten '' simply does n't exist in the us as a legal concept , and since it 's at odds with the american concept of free speech , we tend to be confused or outright against it . 
  north korea can only nuke north korea . 
  i do n't believe keynesian economics is the dominant school of thought in germany , though , so it 's really no surprise they did n't go for it . 
  i think this is one ( maybe the only ) benefit of an added-at-the-register sales tax , it would be impossible to use a tax decrease to hide a price increase . 
  no doubt greece was overspending , but the middle of a recession is not the right time to cut spending . 
  going to germany is so frustrating in that sense . 
  cashiers get annoyed when you try to pay with a credit card , and they get annoyed when you try to buy something small with large denominations . 
  i do n't know what they want from me . 
  sure , i know some people with degrees in similar fields that are probably making similar amounts of money , but the us economy and the italian economy are in very different places . 
  you 're very naive if you do n't think that eu countries are spying on the us as well . 
  in some european countries , stores are either banned or heavily discouraged from opening on sundays . 
  it 's infinitely more than a college student gets in the us . 
  it would be included for the us , it 's a tax here ( called payroll tax ) . 
  the irs has a policy where if you report tax fraud ( for example , you notice your company is n't paying taxes ) they 'll give you up to 30 % of the money they manage to collect . 
  for example , one man received $ 104 million for reporting a tax fraud case with ubs that lead to $ 800 million in fines . 
  something like that could help the situation . 
  of course , greece probably ca n't afford to give away huge rewards like that , even much smaller rewards would probably encourage tax compliance . 
   that 's a good attitude to have . 
  i will never understand american openness about how much they earn . 
  uh , it 's considered rude in the us , too . 
  not really . 
  the guns probably do n't help , but they 're not the root cause . 
  that said - the mass shootings are n't statistically that important . 
  if you eliminated all murders besides mass shootings , the us murder rate would be very low . 
  the real issue is the constant violence driven primarily by systemic poverty . 
  violent crime in the us is extremely localized to very poor areas . 
  most towns in the us have n't had a murder in decades , but there are the places where a weekend that passes without one is celebrated . 
  americans, 
  puritans were not called `` puritans '' because of anything to do with sex . 
  they were no more anti-sex than mainstream christian sects of the time . 
  nah , lewd jokes are * very * common in american workplaces as well . 
  you can only be liable for harassment if someone specifically asks you to stop and you do n't . 
  kind of but not really . 
  first of all , those sexual harassment laws are specific to the workplace and fall under labor laws , they would n't apply to someone just visiting the us . 
  more to the point , if you make a sex joke at work and someone is uncomfortable ( gender does n't matter one bit ) , you ca n't be sued for sexual harassment - unless you are asked to stop and keep doing it . 
  the occasion when you * can * be sued for a single instance is `` quid pro quo '' harassment , for example if you try to exchange a promotion for sex or something like that . 
  yeah , true , it 's a ( large ) sports sedan . 
  i believe the bmw i3 is the most efficient electric car on the us scale , not sure about the eu ratings . 
  on a purely coal grid , the model s is marginally better than the average car , at around 300g/mi co2 . 
  on a purely hydro or nuclear grid , it 's far superior . 
  tesla claims that the national average in the us works out to about 163 g/mile . 
  for reference , the us grid is about 35 % coal , 30 % natural gas , 17 % nuclear , 16 % renewable . 
  tesla claims that the average car in the us produces 400 g/mile . 
  keep in mind that the average american car is larger and more powerful ( average horsepower for a car in the us is ~ 200 ) than the average european car . 
  well , part of the tesla 's success in norway is due to their massive taxes from which electric cars are largely exempt , so the tesla is n't any more expensive than other large luxury cars . 
  it 's very common . 
  even my vw golf has red turn signals in the rear . 
  i can only assume it 's a cost-saving thing , lets them use the same light for both functions . 
   us regulation is often more lax than eu , so for us , finding a common law will often mean deregulation down towards the us standard . 
  in the * vast * majority of cases , the regulations are merely different , not more or less strict . 
  take cars , for example . 
  the us regulates nox emissions more strictly than the eu , and the eu regulates co2 more strictly than the us . 
  the us has stricter airbag regulations , while the eu has stricter pedestrian crash standards . 
  the us requires amber reflectors visible from the side , while the eu requires amber turn signals . 
  and so on . 
  you see the same kind of thing with food . 
  the us requires eggs to be washed , to remove salmonella contamination , while the eu requires eggs to be unwashed , to leave the natural membranes intact ( which is why us eggs must be refrigerated ) . 
  obviously the merits of these regulations are debatable , but it 's really not a strict versus lax situation . 
  the california health warning is not about the food . 
  basically , if the building contains any of [ these chemicals ] ( http://oehha.ca.gov/prop65/prop65_list/files/p65single051115.pdf ) , you need to put the sticker on the window . 
  notice how many things are on that list , and that it includes things like alcohol and aspirin . 
  it 's a meaningless warning sticker . 
   there are a lot of option for education in europe , even the uk with its `` expensive '' education is still an order of magnitude cheaper than most us education . 
  sort of . 
  most us public universities ( many of which are very good ) are less expensive than the # 9,000 maximum tuition in the uk , sometimes significantly so . 
  of course , some private american universities cost like $ 60k . 
  austerity and deficit spending are not exclusive . 
  the uk started a program to reduce their deficit in the middle of the recession , that is an austerity measure . 
  stimulus works better than austerity . 
  some countries , like the us , do n't do national referendums . 
  there 's no federal law against gay marriage , so it needs to be legalized state by state , barring a supreme court decision or constitutional amendment ( in the us , constitutional amendments are not done via referendum ) . 
  sure . 
  the most densely populated us state , new jersey ( 467 people/km2 ) , has around 4,000 black bears . 
  -2 % in a quarter is pretty bad . 
  as a comparison , the worst * year * the us economy has had since 1950 is -0.92 % ( in 2008 ) . 
  the us military uses a flag with a gold fringe . 
   also worth noting that although the uk ca n't invoke nato , the us would almost certainly back it up if russia was doing the same for argentina . 
  most definitely . 
  the us , and canada for that matter , are n't going to just sit back if russia starts shit in the western hemisphere . 
   imo , i think russia is waiting for the perfect opportunity to play this card . 
  the `` lose a proxy war in argentina and further devastate the economy '' card ? 
  $ 1.03 ( $ 0.97 ) per 1,000 gallons ( 3785 liters ) , plus a $ 6.17 / month service charge . 
  i do live in one of the wettest parts of the us . 
  banning symbols and songs is fucking absurd . 
   the best ones charge a small fortune though , do n't they ? 
  some do , but many do n't . 
  some ( like harvard ) are completely free unless your parents are wealthy . 
   education is too expensive . 
  there are very few us public universities that charge more than the uk maximum of # 9,000 . 
  it happens , but it 's a friendly thing . 
  most of the time they 're not trying to convert you - they see church as a social event . 
  it 's like inviting someone to lunch in a way . 
  the american concept of rights is very much centered around negative rights , i.e.
