  permanent residents are treated the same as us citizens for gun ownership in most cases . 
  defining culture as some static thing is the problem . 
  the culture of every european country has been shaped by `` mass immigration '' for thousands of years . 
  so far , most of the cheating has been diesel cars , which are n't popular in the us ( < 3 % of the market ) . 
  it 's not about gdp . 
  japan does n't really have room , at least not in the cities . 
  and besides , japan has less fault in this crisis than virtually every other developed nation . 
  eventually , yes , but public transport needs to come first . 
  in some cities it 's already easy to use public transportation exclusively , others are very far away from that . 
  not, 
  they publish everyone over $ 120,000 ? 
  is n't that a * lot * of people ? 
  americans ? 
  you 've never watched debates in westminster , i guess . 
  us congress is downright kind compared to that . 
  that second link says that uk prices are , on average , 21 % higher , and it also says that they did not adjust for vat . 
  uk vat is 20 % , is n't it ? 
  so that would explain almost the entire difference . 
  on the contrary , road speeds will likely increase - probably significantly - once all cars are fully autonomous ( a long time in the future ) . 
  cars that can communicate with each other and with traffic signals could safely travel at extremely high speeds in close proximity . 
  well , one benefit of electric cars is that they get more environmentally friendly as the grid is updated , no need to provide incentives for people to get new cars . 
  and mountain dew, 
  it 's not good . 
  very , very sweet with not as much orange flavor . 
  jarritos mandarin is the closest thing we have to european fanta . 
  most houses here have air conditioning , so it makes sense to use air for heat , too , since you need the ducts for both . 
  it depends , sometimes oil or natural gas . 
  but electricity is common , using heat pumps that are pretty efficient down to about -10 c. below that , they have to supplement with resistive heating elements that are n't very efficient . 
  us houses use forced air typically . 
  forced air is the normal method of heating in the us . 
  only very old homes have radiators , and even then only if it was never really renovated . 
  yeah , this is definitely specific to the local accent . 
  i 've never heard an immigrant in the us , even from the mentioned countries , use `` f '' instead of `` th '' . 
  if i remember correctly , the maximum fine is `` only '' about $ 18 billion ( $ 37,000 per car ) , which probably would n't put them out of business . 
  though it would hurt . 
  oneplus is a subsidiary of a large chinese manufacturer ( oppo ) , it 's not exactly a startup . 
  wages really are shockingly low in the uk compared to the cost of living . 
  i 've seen people on / r/unitedkingdom talk about # 25k like it 's a great starting salary for a graduate . 
  i hire a lot of recent graduates in the us and people would walk out laughing if we tried to offer $ 30k . 
  sure it does , i have groups in messenger ( default android sms app ) . 
  ah , interesting , in the us it would be extremely unusual and off-putting to include a photo with a job application . 
  how would you know if they wear a headscarf prior to the interview ? 
  the us does not have `` a '' school system . 
  most educational standards are at the state level , and most administration is done at the municipal level . 
  the end result is that the us has a lot of truly excellent school systems and a lot of truly abysmal school systems . 
  they have 68 wolves and need to cull them ? 
  they just need some guard llamas . 
  sure , but ireland is n't a local tax collector , they 're a country . 
  just seems a bit ex post facto to me . 
  that 's what does n't make sense to me . . ireland agreed to those tax rates . 
  if ireland was n't allowed to do that , surely ireland ( not apple ) is at fault ? 
  well , * ideally * , you pay off your cc every month and it 's actually slightly less expensive than using cash . 
  both of course many people do n't do that . 
  even if every manufacturer is cheating and the motive was political ( it 's not ) , vw would n't be the target . 
  vw has a significantly smaller market share in the us than bmw or mercedes . 
  why would they target vw instead of one of the others ? 
  or , you know , companies are getting in trouble for breaking the law , as they should . 
  i think i read , somewhere , that the uk has low wages compared to its cost of living , relative to other western countries . 
  this fine is smaller than fines demanded from some american banks . 
  do n't be dense . 
   there is no way that db has made as many violations as boa or jpm . 
  if you can link me a credible source stating this , i will concede my point . 
  my whole point of arguing was on the assumption that db has never even come close to the amount of boa and jpm . 
  do you have any source stating that they have n't ? 
  different banks do different amounts of business in different industries and have different internal regulations . 
  it is entirely plausible that a smaller bank could commit more violations . 
  market cap is irrelevant , the number and severity of violations are the important factors . 
  in the same way that somalis move to the uk legally , despite it being nearly impossible for me to do so as an american . 
  makes sense . 
  they 're really not a good idea outside of large commercial vehicles , the effects on local air quality are too severe . 
  at the very least , the laws should stop treating them so favorably compared to gasoline cars . 
  tax gasoline and diesel equally , tax particulates , and have equal taxes on cox and nox emissions . 
  downhill skiing is popular in the us , cross country skiing less so . . 
  internet * infrastructure * in the usa is very good . 
  the problem with the internet in the usa is related to lack of competition and the resulting prices , not infrastructure . 
  $ 80k in san francisco is n't a ton of money , but if you 're only making $ 80k as a developer in sf you 've done something wrong . 
  $ 80k is more typical of a developer salary in cheaper cities like atlanta , pittsburgh , or charlotte . 
  yes . 
  the median salary for college graduates in their first job is about $ 50k , and of course computer science grads make more than the average . 
  biggest in market cap among public companies . 
  revenue and market cap are more typical ways to measure the size of a company than number of employees . 
  why the fuck would we put ketchup on pizza ? 
  the worst part about italian pizza is the blunt knife they expect you to cut your pizza with . 
  i can handle non-cut pizza , i guess , but at least give me a real knife . 
  what is american style pizza ? 
  we have a bunch of regional varieties , so i 'm curious which one is considered `` american '' ... 
  the precise english word is probably `` ordinance '' , but that does n't change much . 
  if you 're getting fined by the police for doing something , that 's `` illegal '' . 
  i did read the article and i am referring to people sharing photos of the police . 
  [ frictional unemployment ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/frictional_unemployment ), 
  us is 89 % . 
  threats , sure . 
  but the statement sounded like he 'd like to sue people sharing photos as well as people making threats . 
  when you 're at the point of considering legal action against people for sharing photos on facebook , you 've fucked up . 
   it is a night and day difference . 
  one is enabling women to interact with society and the other forcing them away . 
  one could make the argument that forcing a woman to wear a hijab in iran is enabling her to interact with society , considering that it 's a societal expectation there . 
  and if french people wo n't interact with a woman wearing a burkini , that strikes me as the fault of the french . 
  then i expect france to ban nuns from wearing habits , ban priests from wearing any vestments , and ban jews from wearing yarmulkes . 
  but i do n't think they 've done that .
