  if they choose to do so . 
  they can swear on whatever they want . 
  so , there are only five ? 
  channels that are regulated at all . 
  they seem to be okay with very mild profanities like bitch/ass/shit . 
  but i 'm not sure the actual rules . 
  any channel you pay to receive can show hardcore pornography at 10 am on a sunday if they want ( and there are some that do ) . 
  do workers strike when they do n't actually have grievances ? 
  because i ca n't imagine striking 4-5 times per year otherwise . 
  what kind of protections are there for strikers in france ? 
  is your employer allowed to replace you ? 
  interesting !, 
  i 've heard alternative names for the evening meal , like supper , but i thought lunch was just lunch . 
  typically i do n't calculate the exact amount , i just give them extra money . 
  but , like many americans , i rarely use cash . 
  us prices do n't include taxes . 
  vat accounts for that entire difference . 
  yeah , grocery store typically = supermarket in the us . 
  you do n't call the midday meal `` lunch '' ? 
  north american english is obviously best english , but the brits seem to call all of the land surrounding a house a `` garden '' . 
  maybe even if it 's paved ( which is also something that they do ) . 
  halloween might have religious origins , but it 's pretty much the least religious holiday there is ( the american version , anyway ) . 
  not exactly hypermiling , but certainly less realistic . 
  and the manufacturers are allowed to do ridiculous things like overinflate the tires for the test ( awful for handling , but great for efficiency ) . 
  no , that 's just a difference in the rating system . 
  the euro fuel efficiency ratings are extremely optimistic , while the epa ratings are generally fairly realistic . 
  most people are using it as a figure of speech . 
  direct deposits are the norm in the us . 
  but it 's not unheard of to be paid with an actual check ( or even cash ) . 
  i 've never heard of kirikou and the sorceress , but it looks like it was never rated by the mpaa . 
  it 's worth noting that even if it had received an r rating , the mpaa is a private organization and their ratings are legally meaningless . 
   whilst ours is kinda based on wealth but so much more then that . 
  is this why `` middle class '' is seemingly used to describe wealthy people in the uk ? 
  well , who would have the `` authority '' to conduct an english spelling reform ? 
  you could attempt it but absolutely no one would listen to you . 
   out here in the real world , * of course * burglars do n't want to harm people . 
  they want to enrich themselves . 
  they do n't want to end up spending years in prison because they murdered someone . 
  they can get away with stealing a nice tv , but if they start killing people , they quickly get into big trouble . 
  why would they want that ? 
  exactly , which is why most burglars wo n't break into a house if someone 's home . 
  if they do , then it 's not really a simple burglary anymore . 
   maybe , if your reaction to danger is to * murder another human being * , the problem is you , not them . 
  and maybe you should n't `` assume danger '' for no goddamn reason . 
  killing someone who is causing an imminent threat to your life is not murder . 
  so , agreed that a normal burglar just wants your stuff . 
  if you arrive home and see a guy running away with your tv , you should n't shoot them . 
  but normal burglars do n't break into occupied homes . 
  someone who breaks into a building they know is occupied is at least comfortable with the possibility of violence , and it 's reasonable for occupants to assume that the burglar intends to harm them . 
  well , right , but the idea is that a burglar would n't break into an occupied home if they were n't prepared to harm the occupants . 
  so it 's an assumption of danger , not legalizing deadly force to protect property . 
   i do n't think it will happen , but i 'd like it to if done properly . 
  i 'll list a few reasons why i do n't think it will happen . 
   * swedes would have more power than the others because of their population being larger , and that would cause problems . 
  i personally believe some clever person would find a solution to this problem though ... 
  the us has already dealt with this situation . 
  we have a bicameral legislature which has one chamber where states are represented according to their population , and one chamber where all states are represented equally . 
  all legislation must be passed by both chambers . 
  it 's certainly not a perfect solution , but i think it strikes a decent balance . 
  federalism - many states do have car inspections , and many do n't . 
  all diesel cars sold in the us are from german brands , currently . 
  possibly just bmw . 
  i 'm not sure if audi or porsche still sell diesels , but they did recently . 
  nissan does sell a diesel truck , but the truck is made in the us and the engine is made by a us company , so it hardly counts as an import . 
  yes , us emissions are based on vehicle size , smaller cars must be more efficient than larger ones . 
  `` rolling coal '' is more an issue of enforcement than legality . 
  it 's illegal to remove emissions controls from your vehicle . 
  they are , technically . 
  modifying emissions controls is illegal federally . 
  the issue is one of enforcement , many states do not test emissions after a car is sold . 
  it 's nox emissions and particulates , the maximum allowed is lower in the us thus nearly all diesels require urea systems to meet us regs . 
  most diesels without urea systems do n't meet us emissions . 
  i think the reason for the confusion is because there 's a different implication here . 
  `` are you alright ? '', 
  is something we 'd only ask if we had reason to think you might not be alright . 
  if you looked lost , or confused , or even injured . 
  we 'd use `` how are you ? '', 
  as the simple greeting . 
  `` could be worse '' , sure , but i would n't expect a stranger to tell me that their day is shit . 
  a friend , yeah . 
  florida does n't have car inspections , so yeah , lots of broken shit cars on the roads . 
  it 's frustrating . 
  the tire chunks mostly come from commercial vehicles using retread tires , which should probably be banned . 
  they do clean it up but those things peel apart all the time . 
  not in the same sense as other nations , though , since parliament can do whatever they 'd like with a simple majority vote . 
  many areas without a lot of pedestrians simply do n't have sidewalks . 
  it 's impossible for me to get to a grocery store without walking on the road or grass , for example . 
  yeah , the drinking age thing is a bit strange . 
  it 's actually regulated state by state , but due to federal pressure , every state is now 21 . 
  many states used to have it set to 18 , but the federal government passed a law to take away highway funding from states with a drinking age below 21 . 
  there 's no money tied to marijuana ( or guns ) , so states are more free to make their own laws in those areas . 
  very few people actually wait until 21 to start drinking in the us . 
  my guess is that the average age to start drinking is more like 16 . 
  it depends on where you get your statistics , but the cdc claims that about 30 % of traffic deaths in the us are alcohol-related . 
  i 'm not sure how they define alcohol-related , though . 
  driving drunk is definitely not socially acceptable here , but at the same time a lot of people do it , even though the penalties are fairly harsh - it varies by state , but you 're generally looking at losing your license for about six months and paying about $ 10,000 in fines and legal fees , and some employers will fire you for it . 
  it depends on the carrier . 
  with my carrier , yes , international texts are free , but not all offer that . 
  yeah , sort of . 
  group chats are possible by hijacking the mms protocol ( us phone plans also generally have unlimited mms ) .
