if not that , i could see them being added to nafta . 
  iirc they do about as much trade with the us and canada as they do with the rest of europe anyway . 
  the us government did react . 
  they passed sanctions . 
  what else would you like the us to do ? 
  many toll roads in the us ( and i assume other countries as well ) let you pay the toll without slowing down , by getting an rfid device to stick to your windshield . 
  there are also booths off to the side for people who do n't have it . 
  and strictly speaking polanski plead guilty to sex with a minor , not rape . 
  yup . 
  as far as i know polanski has never denied that fact of the case . 
  probably not . 
  the epa in the us claims that they 're going to road-test every passenger diesel on the road today , so i guess we 'll find out . 
  yeah , because holding gasoline and diesel powered cars to the same standards is `` absurd '' . 
  nah , you just need bigger petrol engines . 
  for example , the ford f150 with the twin-turbo 3.5 l or the 5.0 v8 can tow five tons very comfortably . 
  the engine in question in the us is 2.0 l ( the smallest diesel engine they sell in the us ) . 
  in pricing they tend to be , not trying to make a statement about quality necessarily . 
  in some cases there are differences beyond trim or lights , but they tend to be due to regulations rather than any cost cutting . 
  for example , the golf tdi has a torsion bar suspension in the us but not in europe , due to the need for the urea tank in the us model to comply ( or appear to comply , as the case may be ... ) with us emissions regulations . 
   you wont cut prices down this much compared to europe just because the trimlines are different . 
  they do n't really need to cut anything . 
  tax differences alone drop car prices in the us by about 20 % compared to germany , and that 's before you get into more complicated economic situations like the relative purchasing power of the usd versus the euro and the generally lower cost of doing business in the us . 
  vw occupies roughly the same relative market position in the us as they do in europe ( upmarket of ford or honda , downmarket of bmw or audi ) . 
  the cars have similar specifications in both markets , and some models ( cc , tiguan , touareg ) are made in germany . 
  the trimlines are a bit different , but the important bits ( engines , transmissions , electronics ) are the same . 
  vw only produces one model in the us ( passat ) . 
  us regulations simply have the same standards for gasoline and diesel cars , while europe has lower standards for diesel . 
  mexican drug gangs were doing chainsaw beheadings long before baghdadi ever dreamt up isis . 
  what vw engineers in the us ? 
  vw does n't design cars in the us , and the only vw model made in the us is the passat . 
  so , it 's sort of complicated . 
  many us states do not test emissions after purchase by the consumer , so someone can modify their car to do stupid things . 
  but the us epa regulations , which determine what vehicles are allowed to be sold , are stricter on diesel cars than the eu standards ( primarily because they hold diesel and gasoline csrs to the same standard , while eu rules are more lax for diesel cars ) . 
  it 's not 40 times , no . 
  more like 4 or 5 times . 
  it 's something like 0.07 g/mile in the us and 0.29 g/mile for europe , though i 'm not sure if that counts the most up-to-date euro 6 regulations . 
  part of the difference is that europe gives diesel cars a break on nox , while the us holds them to the same standard as gasoline . 
  us emissions standards on nox are stricter than europe , so it 's possible they 're legitimately passing in the eu . 
  and so far it appears to be only the 2.0 tdi engine that is affected ( which is the only diesel vag uses in smaller cars in the us , but obviously the eu gets more variety ) . 
  they 're generally accurate in most countries , i think . 
  in fact it 's kind of suspicious to me if properly-conducted exit polls are n't relatively accurate . 
  yes , if they 're all located in a few places . 
  for example , the entire state of wyoming has less than 0.2 % of the us population , but they have 2 % of the seats in the us senate ( every state gets two seats ) . 
  so , everyone in wyoming could vote nazi and get elect a senator with far less than 1 % of total votes going to the nazis . 
  i agree that facebook 's german subsidiary should follow german laws , no matter how misguided they might be , but clearly facebook us or canada or whatever should not . 
  a decent solution might be to block the content from german users but allow users outside of germany to still view it . 
  yeah , we have a lot of land , but i guess more importantly we have a lot of places where people actually want to live , which spreads demand around . 
  and we also have sprawl , which makes houses cheap at the expense of having actual towns ; lots of places are just mile after mile of 280 sq meter houses on 1000 sq meters of land , with no real city centers or walkable areas . 
  it 's more american than anything else , but it 's questionable . 
  seems like someone who does n't naturally have an american accent trying to put one on . 
  that 's interesting - belgium is known primarily for their ales in the us . 
  the only belgian lager i can think of off the top of my head is stella . 
  all of the trappist beers are ales , i believe ( and they are generally amazing ) . 
  even some of the cheaper ones , like leffe , are ales . 
  rodenbach is a somewhat unusual ale that i think is absolutely delicious . 
   for the internet to work internationally , it basically needs its own unique supranational jurisdiction . 
  which wo n't happen anytime soon , because even western countries ( let alone ones with huge cultural differences like china ) ca n't agree on what should and should n't be allowed on the internet . 
  neither one should be applied beyond the scope of the local law . 
  why do you hate vowels, 
  canada builds cars for ford , gm , fca , honda , and toyota . 
  not sure about chevy in particular , but the parent company ( gm ) does . 
  ford , gm , fca , honda , and toyota all have factories in canada . 
  where do you think france 's jurisdiction ends ? 
  information stored on servers in france ? 
  information that can be accessed in france ? 
  information that relates to a french citizen ? 
  so then you agree that a request in france should not lead to a search result taken down from google.com , only from google.fr ? 
  well , it 's about whether france has jurisdiction in the rest of the world . 
  google is willing to delete results on google.fr when requested by french citizens . 
  they are not willing to delete the results from * all * google domains . 
  by sales volume , most come from mexico . 
  the only vw model currently made in the us is the passat . 
  us market jettas , golfs , and new beetles come from mexico . 
  the rest are made in europe . 
  some models are imported from europe , some are made in mexico , some are made in the us . 
  he 's talking about physical mobility . 
  in the us , it 's common to move hundreds or thousands of miles for a job , which is not the case in europe . 
   in the us a law was just passed meaning that neighborhoods ca n't be too homogeneous . 
  that is an * incredibly * misleading way to interpret that law and supreme court decision . 
  unemployment rate alone is not a good way to determine overall economic health , but by most measures the us is doing about as well as the healthiest european economies . 
   do n't they just cut off people from unemployment benefits after x amount of time there ? 
  yes , but they 're still counted as unemployed for these figures . 
  regardless , the rate of long-term unemployed in the us is under 2 % . 
  did we do something to greece that i 'm forgetting about ? 
  one of the most left wing universities in the country and a small satellite school in wisconsin are n't evidence of anything being widespread . 
  mpaa ratings are n't evidence of anything . 
  i do n't remember the last time that i went to an r-rated movie and there were n't a bunch of kids in the theater . 
  this kind of thing is n't exactly widespread in the us . 
  they sell two kinds of whole wheat bread in the us , but i do n't know if either is the same as what they sell in germany . 
   maybe other countries have heavier rains , but less frequently ? 
  that 's probably it . 
  florida gets almost twice as much rain as england , but has about 33 % fewer rainy days , and days without any sunshine are rare . 
  only if their us income tax liability exceeds what they 've already paid to their country of residence , which is unlikely ( if they live in europe , anyway ) . 
  you need to be married to adopt in germany ? 
  mississippi ca n't change the federal benefits , but they absolutely could implement their own absurd and unaffordable benefits if they chose to do so . 
  puerto rico is part of the us and has managed to default . 
  the crux of the matter here is that google only wants to remove the search results from the national domains where this law applies - meaning european domains , like google.fr or google.de . 
  they want to leave the search results up on the us domain , google.com . 
  according to the european commission , this is unacceptable . 
  personally , i feel that google 's approach is the correct one .
