  the starting salary in nyc for a teacher with no experience is $ 54,000 , which is slightly above the median household income for the city . 
  the median teacher salary in the us is $ 57,000 per year . 
  that 's well below average for someone with a college degree but it 's a lot more than `` jack shit '' in my opinion . 
  it does ? 
  i can cancel my phone plan as quickly as i can cancel my employment ( instantly ) . 
  a carbon tax on goods from countries that are n't a member of certain climate agreements might be a way to get around that as it avoids singling out the us ( well , trump ) . 
  gross/net income are basically identical at only $ 15000 per year . 
  federal income tax will be under $ 500 and i imagine he 'll get a refund for almost all of that via the earned income tax credit . 
  most americans rhyme squirrel with `` whirl '' . 
  not sure if that 's what you mean , though . 
  roof/rough are different for me , but roof is the same vowel as pool and rough is the same vowel as pull ( also the same as strut ) . 
  so i 'm guessing words like `` roof '' and `` rough '' are homophones as well ? 
  mass uh chew sits, 
  probably \u00df rather than z, 
  yeah , that 's a southern thing . 
  those words are war-ee-er and meer-er in a general american accent . 
   this means that all forms of physical and psychological `` punishment '' is outlawed . 
  for example you are not allowed to open mail addressed to your child , or ground them to their room/hinder their right to freedom . 
   a father was sentenced with fines after he locked in his five-year old who did n't want to stay in her room when it was time for bed . 
  so this is interesting . 
  you ca n't make your kids go to bed ? 
  the us president does not have legislative power . 
  they can veto bills ( but can be overridden ) , and they can affect some of the details on how laws are enforced , but they ca n't create or repeal laws . 
  technically speaking , the powers of the president are broadly similar to the powers of the british monarch ; the primary difference is that the president is expected to exercise their own discretion , while the monarch is expected to take direction from parliament . 
  yes , but the difference only applies to businesses . 
  as far as consumers are concerned , they 're basically the same . 
  sales tax is imposed only on the retail sale of the product , whereas vat is also charged at each stage of production . 
  basically , east asians only look similar to people who are not east asian . 
  genetically , they are very distinct , much more so than german versus french . 
  so many asians will view you as ignorant if you ask if they 're chinese , because to them , they are * obviously * not chinese . 
  aside from that , koreans/japanese/chinese all have generally negative feelings towards each other . 
  it 's more like asking a pole if he 's russian than asking an italian if he 's spanish . 
  that 's probably true ( with the exception of vw , which has a worse reputation in the us than in europe ) . 
  it 's often assumed that those cars are more expensive than they actually are . 
  sure , i think it 's more that premium = luxury for a lot of americans . 
  it 's really only car enthusiasts that bother making a distinction . 
  the cheapest model of a3 sold in the us is the 1.8 t at about $ 31,000 , which is fairly expensive for a compact car . 
  you ca n't get one without leather seats or with a manual transmission in the us . 
  it 's not a luxury car but it 's more upscale than the typical car in that segment . 
  most american catholics that i 've known are barely religious , and lean left wing if anything . 
  / r/catholicism is a special place ... 
  well he has to do something impeachable , just being a shitty president is n't enough . 
  in situations where the meaning is identical we may lean towards simple past , but the meaning is n't always identical . 
  * i have been friends with him for five years * i was friends with him for five years two very different meanings , and a clear case to use present perfect . 
  present perfect is used all the time in american english ( `` i have been friends with him for five years '' ) ; it 's past perfect that is rarely used . 
  you 're right that conversions are difficult , but the units are n't used in a way that requires much conversion . 
  for example , no one cares how many yards are in a mile . 
  we would say `` five and a half miles '' , not `` five miles and 880 yards '' . 
  yes , but it can be subtle . 
  simple past is more `` final '' than present perfect . 
  for example , `` i 've been friends with bob for five years '' means that you are still friends with bob , but `` i was friends with bob for five years '' means that you are no longer friends . 
   also the / \u03b8 / sound ( like in the word `` thing '' ) . 
  we simply do n't have it and lot of hungarians just use s or f instead . 
  some english people use `` f '' as well , so you 'd fit in there ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/th-fronting, 
  nope , different vowel sounds . 
  wood is short and food is long . 
  i had more eastern european associated haplogroups than i expected , as most of the ancestry we 're aware of was from northern/western europe . 
  but nothing shocking . 
  i think the genetic analysis is accurate , but you have to avoid reading too much into it . 
  for example , an ethnic swede is not going to be 100 % northern european markers , so certainly an american ca n't say `` my test said i 'm 5 % southern european , so that means my great-great-grandfather was greek ! '' . 
  it 's just trivia , mildly interesting at best . 
  nope . 
  even if 23andme wanted to sell genetic information to insurance companies , they did n't collect enough personal information from me to do it ( they only have my name , and they did n't do anything to verify it ) . 
  additionally , discrimination based on preexisting conditions is illegal , and 23andme does n't claim to diagnose diseases , just whether you 're a carrier . 
  generally speaking , health insurance just is n't that personalized in the us . 
  for example , everyone at my company pays the same amount . 
  i will admit there 's a level of trust involved , but basically the terms of service state that they can only sell anonymous data . 
  is there a specific christmas tree dance ? 
  or song ? 
  i 'm intrigued, 
  it can be and is used for medical info , in terms of genetic disease inheritance , but not actual diagnosis . 
  oh , that 's what you meant . 
  so yes , they just send you the kit . 
  you ca n't easily just submit someone else 's dna , though , the sample itself is a rather significant amount of saliva , and they ca n't have eaten or drank anything recently . 
  so theoretically you could submit someone else , but it would require their cooperation . 
  23andme makes you choose whether you want to know of people who are related to you , with the disclaimer that finding relatives ( or realizing that certain people are * not * relatives ) can be disturbing . 
  as an american who 's done a 23andme test , the ancestry is kind of interesting but not really the point . 
  i was much more interested in the health information ( which diseases you 're a carrier for , if any , and things like male pattern baldness ) . 
  yes , they do . 
  they even have some health information now - the 23andme one will tell you if you 're a carrier for any of a few dozen different genetic diseases . 
  yes , different purposes . 
  public water in the us is usually fluoridated and chlorinated . 
  it 's worth noting that it 's reasonably common for americans who live in the suburbs to have well water , in some regions of the country , and generally people do n't have their own chlorination/fluoridation systems . 
  would orthodontics be covered if your teeth are so badly aligned that it could be considered a medical issue ( eg . 
  severe over/under bite , very large gaps between teeth , etc ) ? 
  is getting rid of the death policy a schengen policy or an eu policy ? 
  canada and the us do n't even have freedom of movement with each other , so freedom of movement with the eu is very unrealistic . 
  it 's kind of funny because the original/literal definition of a first-world country is a country that was allied with the us during the cold war . 
  so from that perspective it 's an amusing question . 
  but yes , implying that the us is a developing country is going to offend people . 
  statistically , the us does have a very high hdi , currently ranked between germany/ireland and canada . 
  but poor people in the us do tend to be worse off than poor people in other western countries ( even if they earn higher wages ) due to lower social benefits . 
  is the fact that the monarch must be anglican controversial in the uk ? 
  it 's confusing to me that a relatively secular country would actively enforce the religion of their head of state . 
  agreed . 
  if your parents are immigrants , it makes sense to feel a connection . 
  but most americans belong to families that have been here for a century or longer and they have ancestors from a dozen different nationalities . 
  at that point you 're just american . 
  it 's also kind of dumb because german is the most common ethnicity claimed by white americans . 
  there 's nothing unique about that at all .
