  i pay the same amount i would without a credit card . 
  that 's interesting . 
  most car dealerships here would probably be annoyed if you gave them that much cash . 
  they 'd be expecting a cashier 's check , generally . 
  visa/mastercard fees are 0.3 % , not 3 % , and it 's not like retailers charge a different price for cash/credit , so better to use a credit card and earn rewards . 
  yeah , very different in the us . 
  i have n't used cash in at least a month , maybe longer , and i do n't actually have any cash on me at the moment . 
  it 's much harder to successfully sue for defamation in the us than in other common law jurisdictions . 
  in the us , if you 're a public figure , the statement can not just be false and harmful , the plaintiff must also prove that the defendant acted with `` actual malice '' . 
  in other words , the plaintiff must prove that the defendant knew or strongly suspected that the statement was false when they made the statement , and were aware that it would be harmful . 
  eh , probably depends on the time frame . 
  if you limit it to `` post-9 / 11 '' , sure . 
  if you include 9/11 , then terrorists probably win . 
  so , literally none of the things listed in the first paragraph are illegal in the us . 
  the are some content regulations associated with fcc broadcast licenses , which apply to a grand total of five tv channels . 
  all other tv channels can broadcast whatever they like at whatever time of day they 'd like . 
  where 'd you get that idea ? 
  it 's perfectly legal , and any laws banning that would absolutely be ruled in violation of the 1st amendment . 
  a current vw passat is just under 1.5 m tall , and i doubt the '98 model was taller . 
  regardless , the google camera is similar to eye level for drivers of large commercial vehicles . 
  i 'd say anything that a truck driver can see while driving down the road can reasonably be considered within public view . 
  i can pay with my bank card everywhere in the us , but credit cards have better fraud protection ( since the money never leaves your account , you do n't have to wait to be refunded ) and i earn rewards points . 
  since cash/credit prices are the same virtually everywhere , i earn a little bit of money by using credit instead of cash . 
  it 's like getting a 2 % discount on everything you buy . 
  i understand that rewards cards are rare in continental europe , which of course removes a significant incentive to use credit cards . 
  `` victorian '' , `` georgian '' , etc are mostly used to refer to specific architectural or artistic styles in the us . 
  they are less commonly used to refer to the era itself . 
   the chances of trump winning are slim to none . 
  they 're a bit better than that ... 
  most big malls in the us have h&m . 
  my health insurance is covered by my employer , and i have never heard of private retirement insurance . 
  it 's not so bad . 
  it would be a plea bargain , basically , vw agreeing to make more electric cars in exchange for a fine reduction . 
  the law is state by state in the us , but as a general rule you can deal with your wealth as you 'd like . 
  you can completely disinherit your children , and in most states your spouse ( apart from any communally owned property ) . 
  no rules about how long before death you need to decide , but you need to be `` of sound mind '' to write a valid will . 
  wealth above $ 5.5 million is subject to taxes . 
  an abstract entity can not have damages . 
  without damages , a lie is n't defamation . 
  ergo , this law would be punishing lies , not defamation . 
  they did remove data from their international sites , provided that they 're being accessed from europe . 
  yes , but that 's not google 's problem . 
  blocking european users exclusively is the only reasonable solution to this situation . 
  fake cheese might be unappetizing , but it has absolutely nothing to do with food safety . 
  not by default . 
  the us already excludes one schengen country ( poland ) from the visa waiver program . 
  but `` blending in '' for irish , italian and german immigrants included substantially changing american culture as a whole . 
  it 's always been a two-way process here . 
  luckily subtitles are the norm here , to the extent that we get foreign language movies ( they usually are only in smaller/independent theaters ) . 
  it does n't really exist here . 
  we have our own sport called handball , which is basically squash without racquets , but that is n't exactly popular either . 
   i 've had friends have trouble with americans and they 're from the uk !, 
  yeah , because some of your accents are fucking nuts . 
  that said , i agree that americans do tend to have trouble with accents , probably because there is n't a whole lot of variation in how we talk . 
  right , but i think the problem is assuming that diesel cars have a right to exist . 
  gasoline/electric hybrids are probably the immediate path forward for the best combination of co2 and nox emissions . 
  it does n't make us law irrelevant . 
  it means that they have some choices to make . 
  when you do business in a country , you 're agreeing to abide by their laws . 
  the fact that us law and german law may contradict on this matter is vw 's problem to sort out . 
  well , that 's a problem for vw to sort out . 
  laws in different countries are often contradictory , that 's the price of doing business internationally . 
  there are specific and very harsh penalties for the kind of fraud that vw committed , with the express intent of discouraging exactly what vw did . 
  interesting !, 
  cash on delivery used to be an option here , but now the expectation is that you 'll use a card or paypal so it 's very rarely offered . 
  interesting . 
  how do you normally pay for stuff on the internet ? 
   how poor the vast , vast majority of people are what ? 
  us median household income in ppp is higher than the uk , france , or germany , and within a few percentage points of norway . 
   this is a rational response no , it 's really not . 
  the us response to 9/11 did not limit civil rights as severely as the french state of emergency , and it was still too severe . 
  in the us , houghton mifflin . 
   state of emergency in france means the can do house arrests or search homes without warrants . 
  that 's pretty severe , honestly . 
  a statement of belief should not be not a criminal act . 
  ordering someone to do something could be . 
  neither one should be a crime . 
  actions should be crimes , not beliefs or statements . 
  the us is federal and still has hundreds of law enforcement agencies that do n't always share information . 
  federalization is not a panacea for this kind of thing . 
  no different than how the us is responsible for the safety of the un building , or how nations are generally responsible for the security of embassies on their territory . 
  there are nato security personnel just as there are un security personnel . 
  via representative democracy , yes . 
  but it 's not really a secret service , mostly just shared information . 
   ford has different designs for different markets . 
  that 's mostly gone away now with their `` one ford '' policy . 
  the models sold in the us and europe are largely the same , though the configurations/trim lines are a bit different . 
  gun laws in france are plenty tight enough, 
  if they do n't keep any assets in belgium , it will be rather difficult for the belgian government to seize any money . 
  though in practical terms it would a bad business decision to not pay . 
   pepper spray is basically made for the opportunistic criminal who wants to make easy money with low risk . 
  how do you get to that kind of conclusion ? 
  pepper spray is extremely common in the us , to the extent that almost everyone i know has a can of it laying around somewhere , and i 've never heard of someone getting mugged by someone using pepper spray . 
  i 'm sure it 's happened , but i highly doubt the rate of its use in crime is higher than its use in self defense . 
  nah , only about 45 million americans are fluent in spanish . 
  there are some major cities that are 50 % or greater spanish-speaking , though , like miami . 
  the modern version that you probably think of is definitely italian , but the general concept of `` toppings on flat bread '' is n't . 
  so it really depends on how strict you want to be . 
  i think it 's fair to call it italian . 
  we tied the record in florida , at 33\u00ba c . a normal day in early november is about 24\u00ba c.
