  trianon is a beautiful [ palace ] ( http://www.all-free-photos.com/images/panoramiques/pa0114-hr.jpg ) . 
  if people wan na think about it , i see no problem . 
  that 's because everybody knows that gravity points north towards south . 
  / r/nottheonion what does this say about the fact that they used different slabs instead one big one ? 
  brilliant strategy . 
  no one would argue that teenagers should be allowed to sext . 
  that 'd be political suicide . 
  and that 's how they move the window of what 's allowed and what 's not . 
  yeah . 
  if you wan na off yourself , go at it buddy . 
  who are we to decide what 's what , amirite ? 
   suicides often harm family in more ways than just emotionally . 
  by your comment , that worse harm seems to be train delays . 
   as it 's sort of a historical reminder of the previous labells israel has all my sympathy . 
  amazing country with amazing people . 
  and it is a forever embarrassment what happened to french citizens during that period . 
  the nation of israel is our friend ( invaded egypt together , the israeli nuclear project happened bacause france helped a great deal ) . 
  but a true friend is one that does not fear telling you when you 're acting like a douche . 
  and with the occupied territories , israel is acting like a douche . 
  i understand part of the reasons , it 's impossible not to , but sometimes you got ta take the higher road . 
  i 'd support similar labellings for crimea for example . 
   because this is discriminating nobody would dare discriminate against jewish colonialists, 
  * blinks twice *, 
   more information would allow antisemitic consumers anti-semitic would mean they wo n't buy jewish at all . 
  so your point does n't stand . 
   boycotting nobody is boycotting anything . 
  we simply have more information . 
  do you oppose the consumer having more information ? 
  why ? 
  easy . 
  try making shirts with the work nike on them . 
  tell us the results . 
  they 're not made in israel so they should be labeled as such . 
  but bombing assad would just like in libya ? 
   i would personally vote against this kind of thing if i were an mp . 
  ultimately it strikes me as illiberal to tell people what they can or can not wear . 
  i also think that it will have negative consequences ( more women staying at home , police time being wasted ) . 
  in france those people that could not live without wearing a niqab decided to move to countries where they can ( maghreb ) . 
  so win win for everybody . 
  i get to live in the society that i wan na live in , they get to live in the society they wan na live in . 
   thats exactly what it is . 
  god i hate international media covering national topics . 
  welkom into my world !, 
   and even under that projection france would have a significantly lower gdp than germany . 
  let me explain to you how percentages work . 
  the difference between the german economy and the french economy will remain 1 trillion through out this period * but * both economies will significantly increase . 
  do you understand how that means france will catch up to germany ? 
   so what makes that not solid growth then ? 
  if being surpassed by uk and caught up by france slowly but surely floats your boat i see no problem with it . 
   because that is not the reality we live in . 
  that 's the reality surrounding countries live in . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11401466/how-the-world-will-look-in-2050.html by 2050 we 'll have the same population as germany . 
   we are closing in on full employment in germany with growth going solid , 1.5 % is not solid growth . 
  if you 'd have normal birth rates , you 'd actually have increasing unemployment , which you do n't see because far fewer people enter the market in germany than leave . 
   my personal view is that only an orderly dissolution of the euro can avert the big blowout . 
  that will cost , a lot , but it 's better to have a horrific end than endless horror . 
  attitudes and cultures are just too divergent in this area to allow for a common currency because neither side is able and willing to swallow the compromises necessary to make it work . 
  that will not happen because that would take guts from any german chancellor and we have yet to see that from one . 
  so the only thing that 'll happen is france becoming italy with a wasted 20 years and electing an fn president which will mean the disolution of the eu ... awesome ... 
   relaunch which machine ? 
  you 're at 0.5 % gdp growth . 
  same for basically all eurozone countries . 
  ** that ** machine . 
   economically solid times and additional revenue is of course spent . 
  germany 's not in economically solid times . 
  germany 's economy will be surpassed if nothing is done by uk and france will reduce the difference between the two . 
  also your [ birth rate is the lowest in the world ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32929962 ) . 
  all is not fine ... far from it . 
   they have spent too long calling anyone who expresses any kind of euscepticism racists . 
  so being anti-current version of the euro = euscepticism ? 
  i think once more you confuse terms . 
   right now germanys trade within the eu/ez is roughly balanced . 
  well germany needs to relaunch the machine by having massive public spending . 
  and they 're not doing that ... 
   stereotypical fiscally conservative and risk-averse german so who runs db and vw because goddamn it 's the total opposite of fiscal conservative and risk-adverse behaviour . 
   but given that brits ca n't seem to manage french , doubt they 're doing it for native brits , 
   what i find interesting is to look at this conflict in the context of the yugoslav war , with all the horrors in dubrovnik or srebrenica . 
  that did n't happen in 98 though . 
  dubrovnik and srebenica are n't even in kosovo man . 
   so the ukrainians tried to ethnically cleanse russians in crimea ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  is there any proof the serbians engaged in ethnic cleansing in kosovo in 98 ? 
  so people are no longer shocked when news organisations register as political groups . 
  okay ... 
  so as time goes by , they have better eyesight ? 
  really original portrait btw . 
  love the idea . 
  what do you do besides thebords of said country ? 
  no one can start trade wars buddy !, 
   but the results are probabilities that 's why you offer error bars . 
  and most likely 538 assumed that the confidence intervals did n't overlap meaning that something was wrong . 
   their simulations include effects that alter the weighting of these polls , as an example one simulation could include results of florida polls being given little weight because this simulation is assuming demographic changes to the voting populace that the polls are n't representing . 
  http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/a-users-guide-to-fivethirtyeights-2016-general-election-forecast/ nope . 
  they do n't alter it . 
  once they set the values each poll has , that 's it at step 4 . 
  what you 're saying happens at step 1 . 
  they have a ton of variables , it would be nice to know the sensibilities of their models to these variables and that simply is n't being shown . 
   but that according to the information available well that 's the problem right there . 
  garbage in , garbage out . 
  if the collection of data is deeply flawed , the results will be flawed .
