  weird they were n't singing in moldavian . 
  romania must be a larger market . 
   obviously not what language was it then ? 
  so they were singing in moldovan . 
  til, 
  when we 'll give it back . 
  you 're not allowed to return it, 
  no you fool . 
  how will you donate your liver afterwards ? 
  all transactions are definite . 
  no returns !, 
  you 'll get out the guillotines : o. . . oh darn i forgot who i 'm talking to . 
  i wonder how the walls of downing st will hold to the collective humphing of the english people . 
  triggered ? 
  you made me hopeful for a second that we gave up on corsica :(, 
   i love your optimistic outlook on almost everything the only reason i want uk to remain in the eea is so i can see / u/trucidator 's reaction . 
  i 'll have a good chuckle . 
   romania hates the uk 10x more than any other country . 
  karma bitch !, 
  shame . 
  should have been numa numa !, 
  the raed arafat effect ? 
   are we really fighting on a piece of chocolate now ? 
  depends . 
  is my piece bigger than yours ? 
  then no !, 
  well that went brown fast . 
  i can only dream, 
   if the serbs were like post war germans , doing everything to make amends , it would be easy to move on . 
  nope . 
  we just moved on . 
  learn to move on !, 
   we could 've manufactured the chairs ourselves . 
  it 's a nice gesture . 
  you 're neighbors . 
  got ta move on after some time do n't you think ? 
  omg that 's awful . 
  i always fly comac because airbus is made by germans and boeing by americans and they kinda really bombed us in ww2 . 
  so should canning be allowed ? 
  if there 's a will there 's a way and many believe that is the correct way to raise their children . 
  should the selling of organs be allowed ? 
  or the selling of toddlers be allowed ? 
  if there 's a market there 's a way . 
  and a richer parent would raise children far better than poor parents, 
  drug is an addiction . 
  prostitution is well a human need . 
  do you feel the human need to cut skin of toddler 's penis ? 
  the equivalent is : should canning be allowed ? 
  am i not ? 
  they complain about jewish content but then name jesus as their king . 
  is your gun cocked ? 
  are they hydraulic or airpressure ? 
  we had an iveco bus line here . 
  saw the driver push it a few times , air was coming out . 
  you are making a statement with no proof while others give you precedents . 
  do you understand the difference ? 
   lame ? 
  yeah . 
  you read that correctly  . 
  lame . 
   it 's not as if the uk has been sceptical of eu membership since we joined , or anything . 
  well it 's not like france actually wanted you in ... 
   counter his statement with specific arguments if you disagree no one has a full day to show why such a comment is essentially retarded . 
  trolls like that seem to engage in an internet schlieffen plan where they simply bleed you dry of your time . 
  / u/random-guy 410 was right . 
  we do n't know if saying `` get fucked , you inbred '' will not result in a ban , so it 's easier to invite the person to read a book . 
  `` what the heck is that thing '' ... goes to link ... french geographer ... closes link . 
   france even has a less favourable view of the eu than the uk does . 
  there 's a sharp decline because of the crisis , the schengen crisis etc. 
  and while we may have an unfavorable view , we also have the capability to change the eu from the inside and not just throw a fit and leave . 
   the difference is that an agreement to deport syrians will never be reached what 's the next euro lotto numbers because apparently you can read into the future buddy . 
  ` member raoul wallenberg ? 
  yeah , i ` member !, 
  good . 
  it 's not like israel head ever known a moment of hardship in its existence where it 's people needed help . 
  still 40 % less than what france accepted . 
  pretty lame . 
  why are you buying so much drugs ? 
  greatest country in the world should n't need that many hallucinogens, 
   red , white and blue . 
  breaking news : uk to become the 51st us state . 
  one of the main reasons why de gaulle said no to uk joining the eu . 
   you are confusing me trying to explain german law to you do you have a degree in law ? 
   this issue does n't exist in the case of nazi symbols . 
  a nazi religion would also not create any problems if they do not act on those beliefs . 
  then again muslims also do n't act on the kill all apostates beliefs do they ? 
  i just love this mental gymnastics you are performing  two stocks that cross : omg that 's evil . 
  people not showing their face anywhere they go , no matter what security checks they pass : oh that 's okay guys . 
   you also continue to move goalposts and not answer my question . 
  so a closed public space ban is definitely doable , no problem . 
  concerning a ban in other places ... we 'll have to wait until a law is published so we can judge , 
   a ) most religious practices of such a `` nazi religion '' would n't be protected as acts which violate the rights of others do not fall within the scope of protection of religious freedom nazi religion is simply an ideology . 
  and ideas never really hurt or infringe the freedom of others . 
  and for the evils of the nazi ideology , i am sure you will find muslims or xtians that hold the same evil ideas : kill jews , gays etc. 
  or maybe you claim that no such person exists in germany . 
   banning nazi symbols would be justified anyway . 
  because as you claim , before any action is taken , the govt has to consider if it impacts any religion and the right of those people who practice that religion . 
  since someone who thinks hitler is a god does not infringe on anyone 's freedom . 
  put a swastika on a burqa and it does n't magically become evil . 
   there are n't any as far as we know so it 's a pointless argument .
