  went wrong . 
  nothing to see here . 
   and i do n't want to turn this into a ` at least our capital did n't see 2 major attacks in one year ' , but them 's the facts . 
  because you wan na turn it into that here you go : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4an8k9/one_illegal_algerian_staying_in_belgium_since/d11vs1g if you want i 'll reference everything . 
   in the last few years belgian police has stopped at least 2 terrorist cells we can also talk about the paris terrorist that has yet to be caught . 
  we can talk about nemmouche that was caught in friggin marseille by the french border police . 
  as much as i can admit that yes the french intel services are shit , you have to see the reality too . 
  enough of this patriotic bs . 
  it 's time to see reality and see the issues that you are facing . 
   maybe now but not 25 years after colonies started to leave . 
  if you asked the army , they 'd be pissed . 
  common people ... not so much . 
  that 's why we appreciated de gaulle . 
  he got us out of algeria . 
  yup . 
  the intelligence services are shit . 
  it 's well known . 
  utter shit . 
  the french police though : fuck it , they rock . 
  one french policeman went in the bataclan , killed a terrorist and got out before it the big guys with the shield could be called in . 
  and even though they were a bit too trigger happy they killed all the terrorists : kouachis , merads , coulibaly , the saint denis ~ ~ crue ~ ~ crew ( it was n't a flood ) , the bataclan ones . 
  fuck it . 
  no one escaped . 
  that 's a friggin class a job in my book . 
  but in their twisted minds , it was . 
  they were a family . 
  the soviet family . 
   police clearly expected the appartment i 'm sorry . 
  the belgian police is as trustworthy as a mellon . 
  they fully surround a neighborhood but two suspects still manage to escape on the rooftops ? 
  what the flying hell ? 
  guys you need a better police force maybe . 
  you go in an apartment thinking it 's empty ... 3 guys living there fully armed . 
  if i were you i 'd be fully pissed . 
  le monde is n't the type of article to bs with their sources . 
  two people were caught . 
  but they did n't say of they were related to the events . 
  these people are n't kgb/fsb whatever . 
  i can bet we 'll discover that their aks come from the bosnian war . 
  edited for you and / u/10ebbor10 . 
  the apartment these idiots were found in was rented by the guy whose wife had those videos . 
  i dunno about you man , but they seem pretty darn related to me . 
  according to le monde , the wife of one of the suspects had information about the daily whereabouts of a high ranking belgian official in the nuclear industry . 
  things are fun in europe atm . 
  http://www.lemonde.fr/police-justice/article/2016/03/16/attentats-de-paris-fusillade-a-bruxelles-lors-d-une-perquisition_4883843_1653578.html the appartment they were found in was rented by mohamed bakkali . 
  on the guy 's wife , the police found videos of the high ranking official . 
   no explosives were found , but is-propaganda , and machine guns were present . 
  makes one think how many more hideouts/weapons caches like that are in western europe . 
   he wanted to return it because it is faulty . 
  when you buy a new car , usually you wan na resell it . 
  who 's the idiot that will buy a used blue bs badge now ? 
  and the eu , instead of bringing standards to the level of the americans , they 're going : neah we should be realistic . 
  we had peaks of pollution in paris because of diesel cars . 
  we know diesel is awful in terms of small particle emissions yet we 're giving carte blanche because `` muh industry '' . 
  we 're run by idiots . 
   verdict sounds fair to me . 
  well volkswagen can go screw themselves . 
  they offered nice packages to the americans while in europe they told us to take a hike . 
  added a few details , 
  again we 're talking about visas here . 
  the only countries that complained were hungary and france ... 
  the best thing a european can do is buy an american car and viceversa apparently . 
  edit : since people seem confused : volkswagen offered quite a few goodies for the americans while the europeans were told to go pound sand . 
  americans are strict with european cars and vice versa . 
  what about the visas ? 
  would cyprus risk upsetting germany ? 
  he should move to arizona . 
  yes . 
  i can read . 
  my question is why ? 
  moscow is very much a european city . 
   third world war eh . 
  more like mad , than the un . 
  it 's not like the un soved the cuban crisis . 
   here is no war but we are also near bankrupty with a welfare that the ` benevolent ' economists reduced to rubble . 
  what if the eu finances some nice camps in greece ? 
  like offers greece a few billions to build a refugee camp ? 
  just tell him it 's not the pc term and it offends people . 
  he 'll back down . 
  found the macedonian . 
  so except germany and sweden , fyrom ? 
  okay . 
  why are n't russian terrorist strikes not counted in ? 
  turkish ? 
  why separate between we and ee ? 
  do n't listen to this guy . 
  he 's playing freudian mind games on you . 
  those darn shawarmas and kebabs . 
  so that 's why you have two languages . 
  to have different sides for the same story . 
  interesting . 
   both were downplayed until it was no longer possible to downplay . 
  was there ever a situation where an industrial accident happened and the people in power came forward immediatly ? 
  everything from horizon oil spill from bp to the eschede train accident . 
  what if the poor bastard that was the recepient of the message had a hire car . 
  you know how well they check every minor scratch . 
  that would be brutal on the poor soul . 
  i am in no shape or form connected to this message and i do no condone it . 
  please , german security services , do n't send me to the gulag . 
   but if they were trying to send a message do n't they have a post system ?
