  and apparently some other bullshit about how big russia and how small france is . 
  and if he plays nice , putin will make him the king of europe . 
  now people claim that putin was talking about nukes or about killing sarko . 
  but that does n't make any sense . 
  you do n't start a nuclear war cuz someone bad-mouthed you . 
  and you do n't get that many occasions to kill another head of state . 
  what i believe is that putin told him that if sarko does n't play ball , he 'll leak information about gaddafi 's money . 
  it only makes sense . 
  gaddafi was close to putin so i 'm sure he told him about the fact that he gave sarko money . 
  this was an actual threat to sarkozy and the fact that he went in thinking he 's jesus and came out being told that if he does n't shut up he 'll be impeached and sent to jail ... that 's fucking big . 
  also after , when the georgian crisis happened , who did russia talk to exclusively ? 
  not with merkel like in ukraine , but just sarko . 
  and he came out looking well after that conflict . 
  and now 2011 rolls in . 
  there are some tensions between medvedev and putin but 2012 is just around the corner and putin will become once more the full boss . 
  what does sarko do ? 
  push quickly for an invasion to remove his once upon a time friend from power so that all traces of sarkos financing problems disappear . 
  well first of all climate was very different since sahara was n't as big and the nile created a very fertile area . 
  and money comes where trade happens . 
  and trade used to happen a lot near the sea since a big boat can carry much more than animals on land . 
  this kinda shows why the romans never really bothered to fully conquer germany . 
  what 's the point ? 
  money was n't there . 
  of course . 
  you can only be so poor . 
  while rich ... it goes to infinity and beyond . 
   this sub rejoyce of the idea of macron , i 'm pretty sur he is the worse than can happen to us ( except mlp straight in 2017 the guy has no project as of yet and has no party that will follow him in the legislative elections . 
  this means that we 'll have a cohabitation meaning gridlock . 
  i still believe that ff would be worse if he eliminated 500k govt employees and dismantles the secu . 
   modern warfare is n't based on an official declaration of war anymore . 
  well / u/hematophagian is talking about war and not about military operations . 
  none of the things you talked about involved existential threats to netherlands . 
  and if you think that no threat will ever happen , dismantle your army . 
  that 's an easy thing . 
  what 's more hard if what happens when a country asks for help , like it happened in mali . 
  what happens when a terrorist attack happens in a country and one has to fight back against that organisation ? 
  like it 's happening in syria . 
  what happens when a country does not have the means to patrol its borders efficiently like italy ? 
  many countries have very particular needs , especially the ones with a significant military power , while other countries have different needs . 
   the netherlands does not require parliamentary approval to use the armed forces , not from our own , and most certainly not from yours . 
  the guy is talking about going to war , not deploying troops . 
  i 'd be extremely amazed and worried if netherlands can declare war without parlament approval . 
   the reason airbus works as a civilian company is because it 's not micromanaged . 
  considering that [ 20 % of airbus ' revenues ] ( http://www.airbusgroup.com/int/en/investors-shareholders.html ) come from airbus defence and space ( and it does n't include airbus military choppers ) , no airbus wo n't stop working on military projects any time soon . 
  maybe the cross-govt thing bothered them . 
  they got burnt by the us also . 
  me smell bias :  for 2016 as a whole , growth in the eurozone outpaced that in the us by 1.7 per cent to 1.6 per cent . 
  * outpaced * by 0.1 pp for one year . 
   mr nielsen of unicredit points out that , over the past decade , growth of gdp per head in the eurozone averaged 1.9 per cent a year , `` not a huge difference '' to the 2.4 per cent rate recorded in the us . 
  he adds more of that growth will have been felt by ordinary families in europe , since inequality is not rising as fast as in the us . 
  but 0.5 pp yearly difference over 10 years is not an actual huge difference . 
  okay . 
  what was the previous net ? 
   depends . 
  getting out of eu + euro will get you negative growth for at least a decade , compared to that zero growth sounds promising . 
  hey , we can do zero growth then growth ... but i 'm not seeing any growth in italy . 
  are you ? 
   i love how people forget things can always be worse , a lot worse . 
  stagnation is n't that great of a thing considering that our population is increasing . 
   the taxpayer via the government . 
  there is no implicit assumption that the money will go towards lowering taxes . 
  in fact they never do . 
  they usually go to this or that part of the budget . 
  if you do n't work in this or that part of the govt branch that gets an increase , you wo n't see any actual benefit . 
   perhaps look at the word ` implicit ' in the dictionary . 
  well as a owner of these companies i am for corporate taxes . 
  how about that ? 
  this is the dumbest conversation ever . 
  as a society , we 've decided we want corporate tax rates . 
  end of story . 
  we estimate that it is a fair thing to tax companies that use the roads of this country , the stability offered by the military . 
  etc etc etc. 
  no company is forced to do business in a country with corporate tax rates . 
  end of story . 
  have no idea https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/salariu_minim_pe_economie, 
  where 's my owner deed ? 
  i did n't get one . 
   they 're completely owned and run by people . 
  in france , the state can own corporations . 
  and many big companies are indeed owned by the state . 
  in the us , the govt did own a significant chunk of banks or automotive companies when they had to bail them out . 
  are you saying marianne and uncle sam are real people : o mind = blown . 
   poor labor laws compared to ... what ? 
  asia ? 
  the americas ? 
  africa ? 
  well belgium is n't in a common market with asia , americas or africa . 
  workers can not freely travel to belgium , nor can employers hire people in romania that will work for periods of time in belgium or other countries . 
  there is a problem with posted workers https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/posted_workers_directive_1996 there are about 200k in france , mainly from poland , portugal and romania . 
  you can send a worker to another country for up to 2 years and only need to pay the social securities of the country where they come from . 
  but glad to see romania 's doing their job in creating a fairer market . 
  just this february , minimum wage has increased to 320 euros from 275 . 
  ( let 's see if the economy will crumble like so many people have said ... i wo n't hold my breath ) . 
   so , who 's the one we hope wins ? 
  is it macron ? 
  yeah . 
  he has the most eu flags at his rallies . 
   despite having more power than the us president , i feel that 's a myth . 
  as cheeto benito has shown with his eo orders , the us president actually has a ton of power . 
  a lot of french eos have to be signed also by the ministers .
