  thanks man . 
  misinterpreted . 
  those fried potatoes are hardly fench fries . 
  they have a different taste . 
  unless they made popcorn , people do n't fry corn . 
   or perhaps some highly specialized technical stuff which this is n't . 
  we got ta fight ... for our right ... . . to paaaaaarty . 
  ahem , portugal . 
  hungarians make a good wine . 
  romanians too . 
   e quality of italian wines is really high , with lower prices . 
  words i would n't expect from an italian , 
   we quite like nothern countries beer though try our wines some day . 
  they 're good . 
  better actually . 
   french fries really are n't from france , they 're from the americas . . same place where potatoes originate from . 
  they 're called french because of the cut . 
  i 'll have to see proof that they used to boil potatoes in oil in the americas . 
  when potatoes arrived in europe they were n't for human consumption . 
  it was n't until a frenchman said : hey it 's good , eat 'em . 
  i actually do n't know how native americans ate potatoes . 
  if a man 's down , you do n't kick him in the nuts . 
  well have it in nice and in the towns around it . 
  i guess it 's everyone 's luck . 
  weird . 
  in the south i only do n't get it between cities . 
  money grubbers , i guess, 
   the sarma that croatian people make is sour cabbage sarma that 's brought in from hungary/ukraine be that as it may , i doubt the concept of having rice and minced meat packaged in some form of leaf originated from the hungarians or the ukranians . 
   i have 1gb for 12eur and no texting / calling at all ( no contract ) . 
  it was like that before when we had 3 operators . 
  but a new company entered the market and made prices much more affordable . 
  now one of the big 3 had to be bought by a cable company and another is near bankruptcy . 
  it was between paris and dakar for 20 some years but due to terrorism apparently it moved, 
  big wine man !, 
  it 's a dark market . 
  they 're drunk with power . 
  it 's a french saying that i believe applies well here, 
  i do n't know . 
  it goes through chile . 
  no french wine maker would boycott it . 
  why does n't chile sponsor the paris-dakar rally ? 
   mrp was about planning to cooperate to attack and divide up countries . 
  ugh , not again . 
  that was relevant for 3 years . 
  but i get it uk and the us can do no wrong . 
  germany evil . 
  we got it . 
  ah yes . 
  darn . .  and you need a 4g-compatible phone ( identified by the imei ) otherwise it 's 3go . 
  that ... kinda goes without saying :p, 
  you gave me a good chuckle . 
  russia is still violating every bullet of the sarkozy plan . 
  minsk agreements are pretty much the same . 
  but again give me the number of deaths before and after . 
  the sarko plan was made considering that georgia was completely over taken . 
   western europe ( esp germoney ) with their munich accords and us with their resets are constantly pissing off people in the mrp ( molotov-ribbentrop pact ) occupied countries you still talking about ** that ** ? 
  [ the percentage agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/percentages_agreement ) is the relevant act . 
  it 's weird how people do n't ever bother mentioning a piece of paper that decided the fate of europe for 45 years . 
  https://mobile.free.fr/docs/tarifs.pdf this is what i 've checked . 
  france has 4g 50 gb limit , 3g uncapped after , unlimited calls and text for ~ ~ 16 ~ ~ 20 euros . 
  it 's ~ ~ 12 ~ ~ 16 if you also get internet from them, 
  i mean in france you can get for ~ ~ 16 ~ ~ 20 $ 50 gb of 4g ( after it 's unlimited 3g ) , unlimited calls and text . 
  so it 's not as bad as / u/totallynotfrost makes it out to be, 
  on ne tire pas sur l'ambulance . 
  * one does n't shoot at the ambulance * what 's the point of all this ? 
  unless you 're in turkey now , no . 
  facebook died before it was born . 
  heck facebook never existed . 
  it 's all a figment of our imagination . 
   let them post , profile their names , photos , and the satellite location of their devices , share them with the police , and happy hunting to you . 
  people should still be told what 's illegal , what 's not and what the penalties are . 
  it 's a bad idea to honeypot people . 
  if people think doing something illegal irl on the internet becomes suddenly legal , the policing people should n't say : yeah guys tots , that 's true and wait on the other side to arrest them . 
  those in charge with policing should say that no , even if it 's on the interwebs it 's still illegal . 
  you could already point me to the torry results . 
  you are also creating a much more hostile environment if you decide to accept the educated pole while the pole working in a less qualified field gets nothing . 
  those who come to the uk are already :  he said that the educational qualifications of new migrants to britain , especially from western and southern europe , was now extraordinarily high and higher than any other eu country . 
  he said the uk would have had to spend # 6.8 bn on education to build up the same level of `` human capital '' . 
  without being in your 40 % tax bracket . 
   but by leaving we could reduce the impact on the working class and poorer people as yes , the torries wan na leave because they 're thinking of the good of the poor people . 
   good one man . 
  i chuckled . 
  no , no . 
  you do n't understand . 
  according to many big parts of / r/europe and / r/worldnews putin is a political mastermind . 
  economy in shambles , brilliant , losing a vital important ally for decades to come , coup de g\u00e9nie , corruption that is crippling the country , beautiful . 
   if that is to be changed some fundamental changes would need to occur in the foreign policies of britain , france and germany . 
  why ? 
  what did the us do to solve the georgian or ukranian crisis ? 
  yes how sarkozy solved the georgian crisis was n't perfect and minsk 2 was n't a perfect solution but why do n't you look at the number of people that died before minsk 2 and after minsk 2 ? 
   remember the us got blamed for the initial round of sanctions put on russian leaders well remember that russia is a much much bigger trade partner to the eu than it is to the us ? 
  why does n't the us impose sanctions on china when it 's gobbling up parts of the south china sea ? 
  unlike you , we have to live with russia next door every day . 
  the us is on its anti-russian crusade and russia on its on us one but us western europeans do n't wa n't to be dragged into that . 
   that 's the state of the balkans right now . 
  is n't that the state of the world for pretty much any country except we , us , japan , canada , nz and australia and some petro-dollar countries ? 
   then when merkel opened the borders to one of the richest countries in the world all the refugees in turkey suddenly became `` desperate '' and had `` no other option ! '' . 
  actually : https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/40nru4/dear_europeans_what_are_the_most_astonishing_or/cywinxb about 60k out of 960k immigrants that arrived between march and october can be counted as being because of merkel . 
  i think it 's a normal feeling . 
  back in the day the ottomans were something great .
