  it 's not like they 're stuck . 
  that 's not a full time position though . 
  you do it for 2 years and you 're expected to become an assistant prof or something where you make more money . 
  or go into industry where you instantly start making 45-50k and raise from there . 
  so this is n't a valid comparison . 
  she 's french . 
  but tunisia or kabylia are n't europe . 
  wow . 
  you make such hyper photorealistic hand drawings : o, 
  well im sure both groups will say they 're turkish rather than european or whatever . 
  the vast majority are not european . 
  anything to stop seeing their annoying flag at every concert . 
   it is said that hitler managed in five years what the french government could n't in the 110 years it owned the city : make the strasbourgers consider the german army an occupying force , is that so abnormal ? 
  people become more radical in times of extreme crisis . 
  look now during this refugee crisis . 
  nobody 's european anymore . 
  hey , it 's okay . 
  a lot of people find indoor plumbing weird ( pooping inside the house ? 
  wtf ? 
  where does it go ? 
  magic ? ) . 
  so is a grid based system better or is it kinda boring for urbanism ? 
  may i ask what type of person with a phd does n't make 2k per month working 60 hours in germany ? 
  is it a non stem phd ? 
  if they are n't buy some champagne ( i 'm a cheat ) . 
  show them some brest . 
  maybe they 're some nancy-boys . 
  sorry mods , i 'll leave now ', 
  shouldnt it be monten **** r ? 
  bad pun . 
  i 'll let myself out . 
  i like poitiers . 
  they 're logical . 
  it only makes sense that the capital should go to bordeaux . 
  not like chalons en champagne or others . 
  what were you guys expecting . 
  though i feel like caen are heart broken . 
  yeah yeah . 
  let 's unite . 
  what do you mean we wont have the capital :'( ? 
  it 's just a lille pun . 
  you dont need to rouen from the mods . 
  they 're not bordeaux line psychopaths . 
  okay . 
  well the fact that ** social warfare ** originated in a monarchy is not surprising . 
  monarchy by definition is a social layer . 
   communism , as an ideology , originated in england well again the conditions for workers were so horrible in england , that a reaction was needed . 
  and currently that class system still exists in the uk together with archaic institutions : house of lords . 
  wtf in a democracy nobody should be named for life in any position . 
  engels :  in 1845 he published the condition of the working class in england , based on personal observations and research in manchester . 
  also connecting communism with the 89 revolution is a bit quick . 
  it 's just bad history . 
  the paris commune of 1871 maybe . 
  but it was under the backdrop of a siege and severe war restrictions . 
  so i dont feel they fully apply . 
  you 'll stop being relevant in about 10 years if this shit continues, 
  what happened ? 
   also young men fighting in the last two big european conflicts is what ended those wars and allowed peace have a chance to develop . 
  uhm the majority of people that died during that war were civilians with ratios like 3:2 or 2:1 . 
  like all wars , civilians suffer the most . 
  what 's your point thought ? 
  simply because those civilians didnt die fighting , we should ignore them ? 
  are you american or smth ? 
  okay . 
  thanks . 
  context is good to know . 
  well feeling bad for someone is fine and dandy . 
  but the main problem in europe seems to be actions . 
  what actions should we take . 
  he does seem to imply we should take actions to protect the kids and ignore the parents ( the iphone/ipad issue is irrelevant to this discussion ) . 
  or maybe he was just shooting the breeze ? 
  saying whatever passes through his head atm ? 
  just trying to understand the context . 
  well why is no political party suggesting europe take all the children from refugee camps in jordan and lebanon ? 
  edit : everybody under the age of 18 ? 
  what 's the cutoff ? 
  if we cant take all the kids , should we prefer the little girl to boys ? 
   they should be staying and fighting for their country . 
  considering that a lot of fighting in syria is done with planes dropping bombs , good luck winning wars with untrained civilians . 
  body count doesnt win your wars . 
   . the reason europe is a prosperous and safe as it is these days is precisely because of the sacrifices and efforts made by young men . 
  the reason why europe is so prosperous is because people said : okay maybe it 's time to stop sending our young men to war for them to die . 
  after the franco-prussian war and ww1 the conclusion was n't omg war , it 's such an opportunity . 
  a boon . 
  heck it took ww2 for france and germany to chill and say : okay lets try peace this time ? 
  so we should separate the children from their parents ? 
  because that 's the logical conclusion here . 
  but even in that context , what does it mean . 
  is he in favor of separating families from their children ? 
   my compassion very quickly ran out when i saw that the majority were young men . 
  do young men deserve less compassion ? 
  are they less worthy ? 
  edit : by saying women and children are more worthy of our compassion and help and asylum , we 're basically saying : `` women and children , take a boat and come to europe !, 
  how are the refugees using their kids as human shields ? 
  serious question . 
  this is getting pretty convoluted . 
  people are suggested for promotion by their boss . 
   you might say it 's illegally gained money until proven otherwise like the us does . 
  you take the best of what the us has to offer i see . 
  does that mean that civil forfeiture exists in the czech republic , so i know if i 'm ever driving through there .
