  why are we having this debate beats me . 
   third-gen migrants ? 
  anything can happen , they live in europe yet are seen as foreigners by the natives even when they 've been born and raised here but back home ? 
  at the same time the choose to be seen different . 
  they see it at a badge of honor . 
  the thing is europe tends to be on an upward slope . 
  a lot of those conservative muslims were born and bread in europe not in algeria and turkey . 
  they feel like current society no longer corresponds to their view of what it should be . 
  google how many french kids booed when in classrooms kids had to respect 1 minute of silence because of the charlie attacks ... 
  we 're doing our best to recover them . 
  in pieces ... after we bomb them . 
  well 80 % of them tend to be of a certain origin ... and you said turkey does a smashin job at cleaning up the region ... by arming isis . 
  wow shit . 
  i forgot guys . 
  syria 's only neighboring country is turkey . 
  nato country my ass . 
  their border is swiss cheese . 
   massive influx of turks from the mainland was that like the massive influx of russians on vacation in eastern ukraine ? 
   europe needed workers nothing else . 
  omg , so europe game people a job . 
  wow , that 's awful man . 
  you should protest to the un , how dare europe give people a living wage and standard of living that is higher than the backwaters they came from !, 
  and citizenship ? 
  omg the west is truly awful . 
  turks must be sadists to decide to stay in the eu and not come back to the motherland . 
  you know a good employer : qatar and saudi arabia . 
  get in slaves , no citizenship opportunity , and deportation at the slightest problem . 
   us fucks middle east up and we clean up after them . 
  yeah ... turkey cleans it up . 
  every friggin european that joins isis goes through turkey . 
  but hey you 're helping apparently . 
   yeah i bet you get real mad at israel though . 
  dude that 's different . 
  so a plan like that for turkey ? 
  seems fair . 
  so russia is doing a turkey in ukraine ? 
   in fact , a couple months ago , south korea was broadcasting weather reports and sports scores into north korea as propaganda , not because those were n't true , but it was information nk was unable to provide in a timely manner . 
  in that case it 's not propaganda . 
  propaganda is the spread of biased or impartial information to achieve a certain goal ( most often political ) . 
   in the case of mh17 , the excerpts from rt may look ham-fisted to informed westerners , well like i said , rt is not for westerners . 
   on the other hand , you can hire eastern european workers and pay taxes as if they were still working in their home country , and since those taxes make up a good portion of the salary , there just is n't any way for french workers to actually compete with them without taking huge cuts . 
  they can only take a limited number of workers and not for extended periods of time . 
  well getting a top notch education for 500 euros per year sure goes a long way when other options are uk 10k or the us 40k, 
   propaganda that is provides a much more accurate picture of what 's really going on around the world ? 
  propaganda that uses facts to get their message across rather than outright fabrications ? 
  propaganda that follows cause-and-effect relations in world events more than fitting it to some official narrative of a government with a long history of falsifications ? 
  please do tell !, 
  i 'd have to check the sources . 
  but apparently the kgb was huge in spreading the misinformation that the us govt was behind the jfk assassination . 
  if you think there 's only ham-fisted propaganda and `` the truth '' you are severely mistaken . 
  i honestly believe they 're doing it to give an internationalish vibe . 
  look even people with english accents are speaking about this . 
  see the bs is valid . 
  on the internet you got ta present english sources ; this helps them make the argument feel valid . 
  ha they can no longer say my sources are in russian so it 's all bs . 
  yeah but this is not propaganda for the westerners . 
  this is propaganda for the russians . 
  i think prop for westerners is much more subtle . 
  what do you mean ? 
   i guess he was sarcastic . 
  neah . 
  i read his comment history . 
  / u/low _ discrepancy is a dick head . 
  no one on minimum wage does tax evasion . 
  once you hire someone with papers and everything that 's it . 
  no tax evasion is possible because you pay the person through a check in that person 's bank account . 
   culture and behavior plays a huge role in this . 
  so you want people to change their culture and behaviour . 
  hmmm where have i seen an economic ideology that was claiming to achieve perfection by changing culture and behaviour . 
  hmm where have i ? 
  it was suuuper popular 70 years ago . 
  if i remember correctly it didnt work out so well and 30 years ago it all crumbled ... can you help me out here ? 
  is this the onion ? 
  everybody 's complaining that germany decides everybody 's policy and how everybody should act ... and now everybody 's telling germany what to do . 
   the zoll has already said they will not be able to check up on compliance . 
  uhm bank statements?that 's why nobody gets paid in cash anymore . 
  in france it 's the opposite . 
  you have to pay a tax if you wan na hire non-eu migrants . 
  how would that create a free market . 
  again the conditions for free market are not respected and they can never be . 
  so you can not have like half of a free market or a system that tends to a free market . 
  it either is a free market or it is not . 
   meps ca n't even initiate legislation well that 's generally how it should work . 
  the govt suggests laws and the parlament votes them . 
   give me a choice ( free market ) for all the products and services soin a perfect world everything would be perfect ? 
  perfect then . 
  but im living in a real world where the condirions for free markets never apply : /, 
  for years ? 
  dude do you know how things work in europe ? 
  very few women stay at home more than the mandatory paid maternity leave . 
  housing and living is expensive here . 
  unless hubby earns a ton of money , women simply can not afford to stay at home, 
  heck , unless you 're a very high earner you simply can not afford to stay at home . 
  housing is expensive in the eu . 
  hey havent you read lord of the flies ? 
  oh , really ? 
  france is the biggest non-english destination for foreign students . 
  3rd largest overall behind the us and the uk . 
  30 % of my collegues in my grande ecole during my last year were foreigners . 
  trust me , i know better than you do .
