  let he who has not molested 3 yos while under stress for being in the army , throw the first stone !, 
  honestly i am profoundly disgusted . 
  [ little column a , little column b ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiyoyvw3j9q ), 
   i mean , it 's all he said , he said , but seems pretty straightforward oh look the opposite team is standing at the center of the pitch keeeping silent and i 'm here 20m away from them ... it 's impossible for me to run this distance and keep a minute of silence . 
   cleavages who does n't benefit from a good cleavage ? 
   eli5 : why does getting 30 % of the votes give you a majority ? 
  well it would be nice to have proportional but we 're not quite as mature . 
  the pm and a few ministers are from ump and they were removed from the party ... so yeah any sort of coallition is n't possible today in france . 
   we know since 2 weeks than lrem will win this but i was told macron is simply a media bubble that will burst at the first election . 
  i am very confused right now . 
   the u.s. department of defense claims https://www.theguardian.com/film/2015/jun/06/downwinders-nuclear-fallout-hollywood-john-wayne  government denials about any cancer-causing fallout unravelled in the 1980s , when lawsuits uncovered internal aec reports showing scientists and bureaucrats downplayed and distorted evidence . 
  congress passed the radiation exposure compensation act in 1990 , establishing a fund for downwinders with cancer and serious illnesses apparently linked to above-ground nuclear weapons testing . 
  compensation is capped at $ 50,000 per person . 
  https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/chrg-105shrg44045/html/chrg-105shrg44045.htm hearing before a subcommittee of the committee on appropriations united states senate one hundred fifth congress  the publication of this study and the subsequent lawsuit filed by citizens living in washington county , utah refocused attention on the carcinogenic effects that have resulted from the fallout clouds generated by above ground testing at the nevada test site . 
  the department of energy not only continued to deny that any cancers had resulted from the testing , but also set out to determine the extent of contamination of utah and the rest of the united states by the radioactive fallout clouds . 
  crude measurements of fallout had been made at widely dispersed monitoring stations across the u.s. but had never been summarized or analyzed . 
  would govt ever lie to you ? 
  surely not, 
   but i wonder how much asbestos is made airborne in a conflict . 
  that seems like the far bigger risk than shell spalling . 
  well if you put asbestos in a bomb that 'll be an issue . 
   bombing a country back to the stone age is n't a method i can support . 
  do you know what bombing a country to the stone age means ? 
  go look at aleppo vids for that . 
  or dresden or guernica . 
  in the case of nato it was fairly well localised . 
   i think the us is the country that spends the most politics and therefore they tend to have far more experts and specialists than most smaller democracies . 
  a specialist in what exactly ? 
   because firms want to hire the best ceo independent of what his nationality is ? 
  what ? 
  we 're talking about local culture here not national culture . 
  every company has its own local culture and bringing external ceos is more often than not stupid . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  why do people do n't think there 's a local culture that has deep effects on hos things turn out . 
  we also see it nowadays with ceos from one company that become ceos of another . 
  why ? 
   i was convinced that the endless access to information will educate and liberate everyone . 
  took you a bit to discover the porn ey ? 
  off course he was against it , he was in fact one of the main french voices against it in fact yeah he 's catalan . 
  who the heck do you want to talk about it ? 
   but melenchon & nbsp ;  and most important fillon wow . 
  heavy weight politicians . 
  one that will have only 12 mps out of 500 and had other great ideas like stopping sanctions against russia and giving them outright crimea and renegociating other borders , and the other that is no longer relevant . 
   palestine is palestine part of israel ? 
   are you a graduate from ena ? 
  do you need an audit ? 
  because that 's what the majority of ena gradutes do . 
   was the visit denounced or rebuked by french high authorities ? 
  who gives a crap ? 
  [ khomeini lived in france for a few months ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ruhollah_khomeini#life_in_exile ) , that does n't mean france supported the revolution in iran . 
   do you have any diplomatic training ? 
  yeah i read papers . 
  even manuel valls [ was against it ] ( http://www.liberation.fr/direct/element/manuel-valls-prend-position-contre-lindependance-de-la-catalogne_19061/ ) . 
   hard brexit mandate is n't there anymore . 
  does hard brexit mean the uk leaving the eea ? 
  because if so , yeah it 'll be a hard brexit . 
  even labour said they want to reduce immigration . 
  who will recognise catalan independence ? 
  surely not france that does n't want to deal with a corsican problem . 
  but did she need a supermajority or something ? 
  because from the outside , it just looks like a dick measuring contest ? 
  `` oh hey , a majority of 100 sounds way better than a majority of 20 !, 
  let 's double down guuuys ! '', 
  just looks like a gamble where they do n't win anything other than esteem . 
  labour said they 'll reduce immigration so ... no ? 
  uk will leave the eea, 
  why the hell did may then call for another election ? 
  did n't she have a majority ? 
  `` because it 's closer to the human experience . 
  0f is very cold , 100f is very hot . '', 
  because apparently having 30c is too complicated, 
   nukes are defensive by their very nature though , since using them equals suicide . 
  they 're a deterrent . 
  so when the us left the anti ballistic missile treaty , we can assume it was an offensive measure ? 
   so if we ca n't establish their identities * facepalm * . 
  we 're talking about people already given asylum . 
  my brain did a compression of hammer attacker to hacker . 
  and i was super confused about what was happening . 
   you still seem to pretend you do not understand what i am talking about , numbers-wise . 
  because you pulled those numbers out of your ass and you 're deflecting now . 
  am done with this shit . 
   but still does n't stop them from migrating to france and other wealthier nations and setting up their criminal networks there . 
  we send them back . 
  either that or we do n't let romania in schengen . 
  either that or we stop schengen ... and it 's simply not worth the cost . 
   yeah , but it 's the largest city there right ? 
  ... yep , lots of times . 
  so that 's how you know the largest city is lille ? 
  the second largest is roubaix . 
  the 3rd largest is tourcoing the 4th largest is dunkerque and only the 5th largest is calais . 
   also you do n't think that people who live in nord-de-calais pay attention to what happens in the largest city there ? 
  dude ... dude ... is 1 equal to 5 in uk ? 
   i consider paris an interesting exception to the rule . 
  what rule ? 
  your rule is bullshit . 
  http://www.francetvinfo.fr/elections/les-cartes-de-la-presidentielle/carte-election-presidentielle-decouvrez-les-resultats-du-second-tour-dans-votre-commune_2177301.html regions around marseille that voted macron : * la ciotat * roquefort la b\u00e9doule * cassis * aubagne * allauch * mimet * simiane collongue * bouc bel air * cabri\u00e8res * vitrolles regions around marseille that voted fn : * carnoux en provence * plan de cuques * septemes les vallons * les pennes mirabeau * la rove  the rural communities in the provence that border the arabized cities ( such as marseille ) are strongholds of front national . 
  up to 50 % of the vote . 
  if 5/15 = = 50 % you should redo a maths class because something was messed up . 
   e.g. 
  not do anything that might have effects on my country ?
