  what queue then ? 
  i dunno , i have no expertise whatsoever in transport other than knowing how a lorry looks like :p that 's why i 'd like more details . 
  if a company orders a product , i 'm sure they wan na receive it asap . 
  who makes them wait ? 
  where do they wait ? 
   it 's showing the untermenschen their place , basically . 
  in many cities in france , you can not make deliveries during the day ( paris big trucks can only do it in special areas between [ 22h-7h ] ( http://www.prefecturedepolice.interieur.gouv.fr/layout/set/print/vous-aider/securite-routiere/stationnement/emplacements-reserves-a-la-livraison ) ) . 
  also they have a ton of restrictions when they 're not allowed to circulate [ during weekends ] ( http://about-france.com/hgv.htm#information ) on french roads . 
  i 'm amazed a truck this size is allowed in berlin at 8 pm and earlier . 
   we arm cargo ships why not treat lorry drivers accordingly ? 
  good luck trying to prove self-defense if a thief is stealing from your lorry . 
   so you just admitted that your secret service spied on a man 's private phone conversions prior before he commited any crime . 
  he was an agent of a foreign secret service . 
  you are free to contact the judge in this case  . 
   the professionals who let 130 people die because of their incompetence . 
  oh i 'm sure you 're doing much better on terrorism than us . 
  right ? 
   except that she had a red notice from interpol and she was the leader of european branch of pkk you did n't just give her asylum you let her recruit yes . 
  we have hoards of frenchmen joining pkk . 
   i guess you missed the part where it was a coup goverment that was installed by cia right ? 
  they tortured people . 
  once democracy started again , there was no more torture , right ? 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diyarbak%c4%b1r_prison#deaths_in_diyarbak.c4.b1r_prison darn what a beautiful democratic country you 've got . 
   what a nice free country you got there erdogan would be proud . 
  i 'm amazed you can use reddit . 
  probably by vpn , 
   a recording of 2 mit agents and the accused happened to exist yet it is not on the internet how convenient . 
  maybe you do n't understand because you live in a 3rd world countrystan where ambassadors get killed at museums , but lem me explain it to you slowly . 
  in france , phone recordings are made by the secret services . 
  and the secret services do not release recordings on the internet . 
  because they 're professionals . 
  you should learn a thing or two about a professional secret service and a professional justice system . 
  not the kangaroo courts you have over there . 
   how convenient . 
  yes , it is very convenient to live in a normal country   oh and my understanding of proper justice system is not harboring terrorists once you tortured your prisoners you can no longer claim you are carrying out justice . 
  again , i do n't blame you , your country is a joke . 
   i tought france was a part of eu you know the union that also formally sees pkk as a terrorist organization . 
  yes , but once the members can no longer judged fairly in their country , they can ask for asylum and that asylum can be given . 
   she was jailed in diyarbakir prison so guess yourself ... 
  yes , that 's disgusting and pathetic . 
  i 'm not shedding many tears because turkey will join the eu when kingdom comes . 
   with this name did they release the full name of the suspect ? 
  because all the other info , meh who cares if it was released or not . 
   tarte flamb\u00e9e i did n't ask for a pic of ops mom though : o, 
  a parallelepiped is not a crescent people !, 
   `` cuisine '' correct ponctuation for catalan `` cuisine '', 
   i 'm not screaming for any kind of xenophobia . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5jcdee/lkwattacke_in_berlin_verd%c3%a4chtiger_soll_23j%c3%a4hriger/dbf3x7v/  i translated what is known from the original polish driver 's boss and wife , and what was being reported from the very beginning just because the polish boss says something , does n't make it right ... case in point he said it 's germans attitude towards poles . 
  where 's petits pains ? 
  shut up you couques !, 
   maybe because you do n't want to get your ass kicked by random people just because you are n't white ? 
  holy fuck !, 
  was any brown person beaten because they were there ? 
  the guy has a chequered past with some minor crimes , of course he ran away . 
  that does n't mean berliners ca n't wait for an excuse to fuck up some browns . 
   i meant in such threads , here in / r/europe . 
  nothing more ... & nbsp ;  but it is scary to see people go on a witchhunt if the internet scares you , get off it buddy . 
  there was no doxxing , no attacking of refugees , no planning on attacking refugees . 
  you sound like a drama queen though . 
   boston marathon bombing when reddit itselfmisidentified the attacker . 
  afaik this terrorist attack happened in berlin . 
  maybe you have different information ? 
  so do you have any proof that a witchhunt was started because of this terrorist attack ? 
   so until they do , they should stfu and let police do their job . 
  the press did its job . 
  the police said they got a suspect and the press said who it was . 
  should we wait for trials before the press is allowed to speak ? 
  calm down no one went on a purge of refugees because of this news . 
   but it is scary to see people go on a witchhunt where ** the fuck ** do you live where people started a witchhunt because of that terrorist attack ? 
  maybe the truck is the evil optimus prime that we saw in the new transformers : the last knight trailer . 
  you have quite a great deal of certainties in a case where so few exist . 
   it was said quite clearly that he came on time and originally was supposed to be back in poland by the evening . 
  and it was said after the nice attack that the guy got on the promenade by saying he was delivering icecream ... utter bullshit rumor . 
  wait till the fog disipates before you start screaming of german xenophobia towards the polish . 
  uhm ... the guy is probably in shock and should calm down before making other statements . 
  i do n't know how it works in germany , but in my city you can not drive trucks in the city at any time of the day , unload at any time , block streets ( because unloading stuff takes time and blocks streets ) etc etc etc. 
  he is upset , but the fault is not with the regulations set in place that are normal . 
  [ there are many like him ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.fr/2016/07/18/les-quatre-heros-qui-ont-tente-darreter-le-camion-a-nice-au-per/ ) . 
  one guy in nice went after the truck on his bicycle , another on his scooter and tried to latch on the door of the truck . 
  and we can mention the cops . 
  it 's kinda impressive that around you are everyday people that have it in them to be actual goddamn heroes . 
  they do n't have any special training or anything . 
   democracy divides a nation ? 
  let 's see what happens with scotland . 
   not a real muslim anyway . 
  if you start peeling off the layers , islam starts becoming the religion that is followed by exactly 0 people . 
  did you bother reading what i wrote ? 
   we are not surrounded by cold oceans . 
  you :  going counter-clockwise , by the north sea , the channel , the north atlantic , the straits of gibraltar , the entire mediterranean , the aegean , the marmara sea , the black sea , the caspian , the white sea and the entire arctic ocean . 
  only 2 of those are oceans . 
  can you guess how many people decide to cross those ? 
  let 's wait for 2020 to roll in . 
  wait , how many illegal immigrants does portugal have , and where do they come from ? 
  cuz i have n't really heard news of them killing you guys . 
  but the guy * definitely * is n't muslim . 
  sorry could n't help my self, 
  what you are proposing is illegal . 
  good day, 
  because he is proposing illegal stuff . 
   the funny thing is that the left-wing canadian immigration policies are becoming a far-fetched dream to many right-wing europeans .
