  even france has specific holidays for mayotte because it 's a mainly muslim region . 
  so they celebrating easter would be retarded . 
  every region should have their own holidays . 
  it only makes sense . 
  that 's what you get for making a potpourri country . 
  but why is he talking about this ? 
  since when fgmis a practice that concerns the orthodox ? 
   sometimes people are jerks and assholes just to seek attention to sell products they 've been doing in since the 60s . 
  prepare for a century of being butthurt then . 
  you lie . 
  isis would never touch this little piggy . 
  the nice attack . 
  it was supper iffy . 
  it was premeditated but they do n't have any actual proof they had connexions with him . 
  and poor syria . 
  luckly the eu gave youz moneys to build hospitals and potato fields . 
  mmm taters . 
  in this particular case it 's the fact that bourg transforms to bourgeois ( also and english word ) which is fancy vs burger which is n't fancy . 
   ok not civilians , that 's too hard to count , just countries ? 
  les luxembourgeois in french . 
  luxembourgers ... in english . 
  amazing how one sounds posh af and the other like some type of shoddy fast food joint . 
   you 're obviously frustrated as it 's hard to jerk off behind a bush on the beach to a woman in a burkini . 
  well that 's a bit too specific , is n't it ? 
    but also needs roads , hospitals , pensions , needs to help disadvantaged people etc. 
  shame you ca n't use 13 billion euros . 
  money simply can not solve these problems ... you are sadly not cooperating in this eu game . 
  and you 'll get smacked . 
   so go fuck yourself . 
  you dont want argue . 
  you salty . 
   with a nation as wonderful as yours . 
  now now . 
  do n't uncle tom yourself into this . 
  france is just 65 million . 
  the eu is some 420 million ( without you and uk ) . 
  420/5 = 84 irelands . 
  you 're not a special snowflake . 
   or the poles hey . 
  maybe one day , just like the polish , you will speak your own language . 
  one can dream , right ? 
    pockets the vat . 
  vat has no influence on the profits of the company . 
  it is not the company paying . 
  yet the company takes advantage of the fact that europe is a rich stable region with high quality infrastructure . 
  the company takes advantage of that , it profits from that and what do they give in return ? 
  do you find that normal ? 
  do you think an army is paid with good intentions , roads are paved with nice thoughts ? 
  that shit costs money . 
  and when you also help the company by giving it essentially subsidies through those jucy tax breaks ... well fuck me !, 
  good luck to any competing company ... 
  so far it 's just people saying how impressive the comment section will be . 
  just hype man with no delivery, 
   they are not your taxes . 
  they might be our taxes . 
  or they might be american taxes . 
  but not your taxes . 
  apple sells a frenchman or a german a phone . 
  they get out money but they do n't pay taxes in france or germany because there 's a single market meaning they can choose to settle in any eu country and sell in any other eu country . 
  gafa chooses ireland because you do n't produce anything of significance other than cheap taxes . 
  so do n't be this ignorant . 
  you 're fucking lucky you 're in the eu or you 're be pretty much fucked . 
  your 5 million people sized market is n't worth shit to gafa . 
  go create an irip and leave the eu , i seriously could n't give a rats ass . 
  who gives a rats ass . 
  but do n't steal from our taxes and claim you guys are n't anything but looking for your own little uncle tom interest . 
  yes , let 's stop making any cc because somehow somewhere someone might get offended . 
  they somehow makes sense . 
  no matter what you do , you will offend someone . 
  do n't tell me you people never laughed at a 9/11 joke , at jimmy carr or at george carlin . 
  richard prior offended , monty python and their life of brian offended . 
  do n't like it ... move on ... or bitch on . 
  who gives a shit . 
  the amount of italians reading ch is probably close to 0 . 
   700 years of colonial oppression , i 'm afraid . 
  wow . 
  no wonder you have this type of slave mentality . 
  after uk , now multinationals . 
  you got ta bow down to the master and maybe they 'll throw you some scraps off their table . 
  it 's not like gafa do any major research in uk that you benefit . 
  most jobs are corporate bs . 
   but is it a good thing a resounding ** yes ** . 
  retarded jokes made me laugh . 
  it has a healing factor . 
  yes even after the nice or paris attacks . 
  and i live 200 m from where the nice attack happened . 
  of course reading dumb jokes on / r/france on the same evening was n't cool at all . 
  but a few days after , seeing so many people distressed and shit ... fuck you need a laugh . 
  and when you laugh of a retarded , uncalled shit ... it 's somehow better . 
  i dunno how it felt for the family of the victims but for someone close to the events without being actually seriously affected ... you get over things quite easily . 
  how many of the families of the victims of the italian quake buy charlie hebdo ? 
   i really hope you do n't represent the average french person . 
  and i hope you do n't represent the average irish . 
  ready to push other europeans under the bus because muh jerbs . 
  omg look at this evil frenchman and his words . 
  omg so offensive . 
  meanwhile you have a govt ready to fuck over other european countries . 
  if you love the eu project , why not take the money and buy greek debt ? 
  ah i know cuz fuck everybody else , muh jeeerbs . 
  but hey like uk showed , it does n't last forever .
