  you do not ask to have a veto in canada 's fiscal policy , yet you are part of the commonwealth . 
   tyranny of the majority then . 
  because their votes are spread thin they do n't deserve representation . 
  again , they got seats in the councils , they just dont preside the councils . 
  how can someone who gets 30 % preside ? 
  tell me , i 'm curious . 
  they got seats in the regional councils . 
  they did n't win councils . 
  that 's how a democracy works . 
  if you do n't have a majority , you do n't win . 
  removed a comment because i read it poorly . 
  so 2 were irakis ' that took the refugee route . 
  atleast another 2 that were europeans also took the refugee route . 
  what 's your point dude ? 
  ** there are terrorists that took the refugee route ** it 's well known . 
  documented , you have facts , numbers , names , fingerprints , fake passports . 
  what more do you need ? 
  huh ? 
  wow . 
  we have the comaneci of mental gymnastics here . 
  you do n't wan na be part of the eurozone , then do n't be part of the eurozone . 
  uk can pass any legislation that might disadvantage france . 
  you do n't see france asking for a veto right . 
  do you ask the us for a veto right in its policies ? 
  the us has a tighter control on its currency and the dollar is much more powerful than the euro . 
  yes . 
  so you agree then that paris should have a veto on what uk does with its pound , then . 
  right ? 
  it 's only fair . 
  you mean democracy is a sham because democracy ? 
  people voted , they did n't win . 
  you ca n't force people to run for elections , can you . 
  so can paris decide what uk does with its currency ? 
  cool . 
  ugh , i do n't want to waste your time next time you visit ( even though the image of a polish dude going from souvenir shop to souvenir shop asking if they have the polish plunger is hilarious ) . 
  it 's a joke man . 
  there are no polish plumbers and we usually think that people who resort to that stereotype as being idiots . 
   drunk womanising slobs goddamn it i like you brits :d, 
   they ( isis ) have been saying this for the last year or so . 
  or you know ... you can take a look at the terrorist strike that happened in paris . 
  did i go to sleep and wake up before the 13th of november 2015 ? 
  this is honestly the most confusing piece if news i 've read this week . 
  what will the germans tell us next ? 
  they have a hunch the nsa are spying on our emails ? 
  dude even after the largest terrorist attack , the fn did n't manage to win a single french region . 
  and they sent in their heavy weights . 
  but still lost . 
  a few did come through that route . 
  yeah . 
  we have here cartoons about how the polish are good cheap plumbers . 
  that 's not bad is it ? 
  they 're just saying the polish are hardworking people , cheap too . 
  yeah . 
  here in france we constantly portray the english as drunk slobs that are awful in bed . 
  it 's nothing bad about it . 
  just a joke . 
  i do n't see anything weird . 
  like here in france we sell polish plumber toilet plungers and it 's nothing wrong about that . 
  they 're sturdy and do their job . 
   at least in this case the perpetrators are clearly european in appearance . 
  oh thank god . 
  if you 're getting harassed , let it be by a european at least . 
  i thought uk was all about brussels having less power while national govts having more . 
  this seems more like uk wanting to have power over anyone . 
   is utter bullshit . 
  they do n't . 
  check the thread we 're on . 
  the title of the article . 
  thanks . 
  the us is expecting other countries to turn over bank account information of trusts but refuses to do the same . 
  well because no one pressures them and they pressure others . 
  simple . 
  why should we expect others to be kind ? 
  dude , ca n't you troll somewhere else . 
  honestly , your arguments make 0 sense . 
  read my comment again . 
  i think something was lost in translation for you . 
  the us go hard on those who commit tax fraud while the eu is just meh . 
  we should have a unified fiscal policy . 
  and stop being so wimpy against those tax paradises . 
  average worker bring in like 200k to a million to their company , per year , in reality in western europe . 
  they must ne rolling in dough at emmaus . 
  why do the people at restos du coeur keep asking for money if they 're rolling in it big time ? 
  but but youropeens : s they blame you for everything . 
  that was your argument man . 
  do you realise the concept `` not worth it '' ? 
  let 's say tomorrow car manufacturers start selling cars 1 million each . 
  that does n't mean people will grumble then start paying 1 million per car . 
  no if a worker only brings in 40k per year , you do n't start paying him 50 . 
  that 's not how balance sheets work . 
  50k is deffo a living in some parts of uk . 
   the `` less for singular , fewer for plural '' what ? 
  less is used for uncountable objects . 
  and fewer for countable ones . 
  people is countable . 
  3 people , 5 people . 
  it 's a general rule . 
  you can also say you use literally when you mean figuratively . 
  but that does n't make it correct . 
  http://www.pearsonlongman.com/ae/azar/grammar_ex/message_board/archive/articles/00368.html or anything on the interwebs really .
