   language is n't everything . 
  it 's an important aspect though . 
  it 's not just our language that is similar but also our cultures . 
  i 've met more walloons than flemish and i 'm sure the dutch have met more flemish than walloons . 
  that being said , just because cultures are close , that does n't mean countries should unite . 
  most likely the flemish are more closely linked culturally to the walloons and vice versa than to any others . 
   you 're quoting fucking footballers in that list . 
  i am quoting exceptional people in their domain that brought glory to france . 
  they won euro cups , world cups , they were the most important players in the world when they were playing . 
   i 'm claiming semi radradra as my proof australian immigration works . 
  did he ever win a rugby world cup or something similar ? 
   if you think australia is a failure ( ca n't comment on canada ) either you live in utopia or you 're misinformed . 
  i am simply explaining to the person i am talking to that australia is n't some model society in terms of immigration because australia does not produce any type of high added value product to a significant extent . 
  who is buying australian planes , australian pharma , australian electronics ? 
  put that australian population in a country that has the same natural ressources as japan for example or netherlands and they 'd be quickly screwed . 
  people in brest do n't eat lunch as late as people in seville . 
  even though one 's just 2 degrees longitude difference . 
   and if they 're so many cr\u00e8ches could also easily adapt their schedules . 
  you 're being obtuse now . 
  if it 's not broken do n't fix it . 
   there are not many cross-border workers between portugal and spain . 
  but they do exist . . well there you go . 
  france has many so there 's no point in changing . 
  you do you . 
  we do us . 
  i asked you a question . 
  how many portuguese work in spain but live in portugal ? 
   if they work in another country makes sense that they follow the schedules of the country where they work . 
  yeah , i get you 're the average redditors that has no kids and is still studying . 
  well people have kids , they have to help those kids prepare for school before going to work . 
  some might even have to drop them off to school . 
  it 's stupid to ask some 250k people to wake up 1h earlier for no reason whatsoever . 
  how many portuguese work in spain but live in portugal ? 
  http://www.lefigaro.fr/emploi/2015/02/13/09005-20150213artfig00005-la-france-compte-de-plus-en-plus-de-travailleurs-frontaliers.php just for french in switzerland it 's 160k . 
  50k are in germany . 
  these are people that will have to wake up a whole hour earlier than before . 
   how reluctant we are to get involved in the rest of the world 's affairs , but they will eventually . 
  you got iraq war burn out . 
  we can see it with the us too . 
  you should n't have gotten in that coalition with the us . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/surveys-reveal-how-we-remember-not-supporting-war-in-iraq-but-at-the-time-we-did-support-it-10300854.html 54 % of you guys supported that war   britain is sick to death of the rest of the world oh no . 
  uk is uss lap dog . 
  from your nuclear program to your spying program to your new aircrafts ... you 're extremely dependent on the us . 
   spain has a large difference with the sun time , and there are lots of people there who feel it has a bad influence on the lifestyle . 
  people sleep less . 
  that 's because they eat dinner at midnight . 
  who goes out at 23 to eat ? 
  i do n't give a shit about your personal situation . . 
  do you have any major airplane manufacturer in your country that also has major hubs in other countries ? 
  planning webexs ( which happens up to 2-3 times per week ) is already a hassle as is . 
  having to adjust to 3 time zones would be pretty darn annoying . 
  we 're doing fine as is . 
  well it 's not like it 's unheard of . 
  de gaulle was saying this 50 years ago . 
  ( and he was also saying that uk should n't be let in the eu because it 's too insular but that 's another puddle of fish ) . 
   the uk and france are not the pillars of european defense , the us is . 
  the us simply does not want to focus on the european theatre.obama highlighted the strategy that the us will most likely adopt . 
  pivoting to china . 
  and when europe is being hit by major crisis , it being georgia , ukraine or heck why not the refugee crisis , the us is simply powerless . 
  sure sure a lot of sword wrangling , harsh words and economic sanctions or whatnot , but at the end of the day , you still have to sit down with russia and talk ... europe and the world will be much safer when it 'll be independent . 
  and with uk leaving the eu , we 'll be more independent . 
   seem to recall certain french politicians were bemoaning that it was the beginning of another world war with a resurgent germany . 
  [ these fuckers ? 
  ] ( http://france3-regions.francetvinfo.fr/lorraine/sites/regions_france3/files/assets/images/2014/09/22/000_par7981057.jpg ), 
   french and romanian soldiers fighting for a course of action suggested by italy ? 
  imagine the germans and spanish building planes on french plans . 
  that would end up being such a ridiculous thing !, 
  quick question : what situation did you find more serious and more dangerous : libya or ukraine/georgia ? 
  unlike / u/aslate , i do n't look for bullshit excuses such as we got ta build hospitals for migrants or some other nonsensical crap . 
  oh no it 's not the level of migration . 
  it 's the first derivative that 's too high  ) . 
  people just refuse to believe they were had by the good old scapegoat technique . 
  but hey if they wan na be poorer just so they can be brittier , who am i to judge :d . 
   you 're right , we 're all xenophobic arseholes , it 's that simple . 
  once again getting all emotional . 
  no it was not . 
  you were trolling . 
  the person said it sounds scary and you went in full derp mode . 
  fucking admit it . 
   that 12.4 % has increased significantly from where it was before , this is an immediate issue that has n't been dealt with i get it . 
  you 're not used to foreign people , you got scared and decided to go ballistic . 
  it happens when you 're too emotional . 
  but contrary to what bs you might believe , you can see that france , germany , austria , spain have survived despite having the same level of immigrants . 
   it is the way canada works i think you missed the tiny nugget of canada being closely linked to the number 1 economic powerhouse in the world while uk decided ... neah who needs the eu . 
  i mean i do n't mind . 
  it 's cheaper to visit scotland . 
   if you are someone who buys a lot of imported products or who travels out of the uk frequently then yes , you are going to feel some pain due to the fall in the value of the pound . 
  yeah . 
  and foreign nationals are well known to just stay in uk . 
  and it 's not like doctors do n't buy mercedes and go on foreign vacations a lot . 
   how the change in the strength of the currency actually impacts upon purchasing power and quality of life . 
  i 'll explain it to you easily . 
  as a foreigner , the salary you get in the uk vs the salary you get in the eu has been reduced by 10-15 % . 
  for a frenchman now looking for a job in banking , you have more money in the bank at the end of the week by staying in paris than going to uk . 
  ( when you also consider the cost of living ) . 
  uk just played itself . 
   besides , i would not be so smug . 
  of course you wouldnt . 
   in the mean time people see their communities and social services being stretched to breaking point . 
  sorry mate , i did n't realise that uk was a shithole .
