  the french and the british have sufficient capabilities to launch punctual attacks , there is no need to do more . 
  we do n't need to send boots on the ground . 
  sanctions from now on should be economical . 
  gim me the numbers man . 
   but basically if you make firing people easy they will be less worried when they choose someone new yes theory is lovely , is n't it ? 
  but it also means : hey you hired someone for a day , fired them immediately . 
  that person is n't technically unemployed because in the last 3 months the person had a job . 
  so it 's not super obvious that make it easy to fire = create more jobs . 
   but do you think europe can stay neutral ? 
  eu has to and will stay neutral . 
  soon the sanctions on russia will drop . 
  and this neutrality allowed us to negotiate the georgian and ukrainian solutions . 
   so that we wo n't get invaded by them ? 
  no one 's invading anyone . 
  let 's face it . 
  the only real threats are cyberwarfare . 
  that being said , the transdniester and east ukrainians problems need to be solved . 
  obama was clear , the us does n't care and that should enlighten people . 
  we need to gain our independence . 
  in order to create a stronger connection with china and with russia . 
  while i was super excited about the series . 
  it kinda seems shallow . 
  the battles are n't super clearly presented . 
  good channel nonetheless . 
  okay thanks for the details man . 
  well it 's all very complicated i think . 
  heck even in france i still do n't get it . 
  but bets of luck and hope the economy will pick up . 
  did he make it easier to fire people ? 
   obama seems to imply that no nation should try to police the middle east any more because it 's impossible . 
  yup . 
  i hope history will set things right thought about this situation . 
  the non-intervention in the syrian civil war caused so many people to start fleeing the region . 
  the iraq war was a major factor in creating huge instability in the area . 
  obama 's hands off approach will cause a new wave of migration to reach europe unless an immediate deal is struck with turkey . 
  how many refugees did the us take ? 
  but i think it 's an important period . 
  finally maybe we are reaching maturity , no longer depending on the guiding light that is the us . 
  both in solving the georgian crisis and the ukrainian crisis , we had to work together to create imperfect solutions . 
  imperfect but still better than the nothingness that is syria for example . 
  oddly , i am optimistic . 
  it is just growing pains we 're going through atm . 
  they hurt but we need them . 
  what policies were created so that older people would find a job or transition to a permanent job easier ? 
  hopefully . 
  i think everybody 's tired of wars . 
  tired of boogeyman stories about russia and shit . 
  obama 's right . 
   your country is as strong as its economy and military combined yes because switzerland is so lucky to have us eu countries to protect it . 
  and norway too . 
  the rest of your comments : they do n't even apply . 
  we do n't need to bomb egypt or iraq . 
  95 % of our problems are ** because ** iraq was bombed . 
  we just need to protect our borders and stop projecting our `` power '' . 
  if the us , china and russia wan na duke it out , let them . 
  we should invest in creating a more stable europe . 
  and that stability does n't come from boom booms . 
  our economies are our biggest issues not the fact that we do n't have 20 aircraft carriers . 
  yes i do get the patriotic tingling when we can bomb some random country but it kinda sucks when europe is falling apart . 
  the us should mind its own business , europe should grow and leave nato . 
  they still present russia as this boogeyman . 
  please . 
  it does n't even have the gdp of italy . 
  nobody wants to die . 
  but as long as our big brother tells us the world is mean and out to get us and we tell ourselves that omg if we do n't build aircraft carriers we 'll die ... omg europe 's going down ... noes . 
  i agree with obama , it 's time for everybody to move on . 
  italy , you got ta invest more in your military . 
  / s joke aside , did renzi reduce actual unemployment ? 
  the new law we might get here is apparently inspired by renzi proposed laws . 
  it wo n't pass of course . 
  how many people killed before and after minsk 2 ? 
   europe forgets that its peaceful state of existence is essentially underwritten by the american taxpayer . 
  nope . 
  my peace is guaranteed by those 4 nuclear subs ready to blow any country that attacks us . 
  that 's my peace . 
  i do n't need any bs tanks or fighter planes . 
   i do n't even see why we should throw our money out the window . 
  exactly . 
  we have bigger fish to fry than building i dunno how many fighter planes . 
  or aircraft carriers . 
  we do n't want war and we wo n't get it . 
   but genuinely curious , why do you think it is a good idea to cut military spending even further !? 
  do you see any reason to invest massively in say fighter planes ? 
  or what have you ? 
  besides some nuclear subs , that should be enough . 
  honestly enough with the dick measuring competition . 
  it 's becoming boring . 
   believe it or not , most us citizens are tired of paying for/getting involved in foreign military conflicts . 
  as a european . 
  fuck it man . 
  stop paying . 
  we 'll all be for the the better . 
   actually france has missed the 2 % target for years , like since the early 2000s yeah . 
  in the early 00s ... 
  when we were n't in nato . 
  good job , 
  we did n't start the iraq war did we ? 
  it 's not like lybia was his main issue . 
   french authorities have hoped ( and still hope ) that one day they can underpin their foreign policy interests in africa with the resources provided by other eu member states . 
  we 're still doing the grunt work in mali against al qaeda while you 're putting brooms on your tanks ',
