  and here we 're showing solidarity with the [ people of citroen ? 
  ] ( http://www.laboiteverte.fr/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/citroen-tour-eiffel-19251-632x920.jpg ), 
  well i did sleep with op 's mom , so i do n't know really . 
   so we can silently acquire it while they are distracted . 
  they 've got nothing we 'd want . 
  catalonians and basques are just trouble at this point . 
  if a cop asks you to remove them , you still have to . 
   `` but what if i want to run around naked ? '', 
  pretty freudian . 
  why do you bring freud into the discussion ? 
  there 's nothing freudian in enjoying nudism . 
   the state in a nutshell . 
  some parasite was being paid a salary and bonuses to write that useless law . 
  not really no . 
  people who write these laws tend to be very well versed in law matters , lawyers etc. 
  if they want to pass a law with no loop-holes they can . 
  in france we passed a law for no face coverings ( famous anti-burka ban ) . 
  and it 's written in such a way as to not offend religious freedoms according to ecthr . 
   since russians are seen to be the `` other '' white people/lower class . 
  russians are perceived lower class ? 
  that 's new to me . 
  so russian classic music , russian mathematics and russian litterature is low class too ? 
   no one gives a damn if it 's some mainly yellow/brown/black country or some poor white country , because people have become desensitized to poor people dying ( especially brown people ) . 
  amazing grandstanding . 
  lem me tell you as someone that has lived in a few countries . 
  besides the us , no one no where bothers learning about other countries . 
  major election in spain ? 
  eh just throw in a few sound bites . 
  they 're our friggin neighbours and i ca n't even tell you when their next election is . 
  us elections ? 
  holy shit lets talk constantly about it . 
  i am absolutely certain that some random joe in india has * no * clue when the next french parliamentary election is . 
  i 'm sure your random german wo n't know it . 
  * and that 's fine * . 
  do you really think putting a few colours on a building means anything ? 
  we 're just doing it because it 's a nice photo op . 
  and in today 's publicity driven media , photo ops are so important . 
   the reason being it is only a tragedy if a western european or north american country gets hit by a terrorist attack . 
  you sound salty . 
  : / i 'm sorry that you 're feeling salty . 
   it might be due to the media in these countries not caring much what happens outside their own bubbles yes . 
  i 'm sure your media is doing a much better job presenting what 's happening in europe . 
  quick without googling , who 's the mayor of istanbul the largest european city . 
   tip : befriending the russian people will lead to pro-european russian leaders . 
  antagonising them will lead to more support for putin . 
  i do n't even remember who lit up their buildings with the french flag . 
  mainly because i do n't care . 
  from wiki  the cars are suspended from a single rail built underneath a supporting steel frame . 
  so less weight i guess to suspend since boggies tend to be very heavy . 
  simpler design also . 
   the kaiserwagen is only used for special events . 
  you can rent it for birthdays or other things like this . 
  so much for it being special . 
  omg i hope ulf will win the champions league !, 
  wait . 
  is it the same building or did romanians have standards like all buildings must be 7600 tonnes ? 
  and why were the people still inside while moving ? 
  were they not allowed to leave ? 
  some kind of weird communist punishment ? 
   who gives a shit ? 
  those who care about the wellbeing of russian opposition do . 
  omg those evil people that care about democracy and not poisoning your enemies . 
  what vile creatures . 
   it only desensitizes people about that kind of news . 
  neah . 
  i 'm still pretty shocked that a guy got poisoned and no one was convicted . 
  i am still shocked by the litvinenko case too . 
   the title implies , no , outright states that it is a very recent event who gives a shit if it 's from yesterday or two months ago . 
  an opponent got poisoned . 
  that 's big news if those that did it are still in power . 
  are they still in power unpunished ? 
  then it 's recent news . 
   he has already woken up from coma , what 's the point in posting old news that are misleading at this point in time ? 
  misleading ? 
  why ? 
  did it not happen ? 
   still i 'm glad that it ended because i was wasting too much time that i should have used to do other things to place pixels ) . 
  hahahahahaha . 
  look at this newb . 
  he put pixels by hand instead of using a bot . 
  y u no code ? 
  that being said , fuck people using bots , they were the worse . 
  tel aviv hahagana station was a few minutes . 
  and that was with at least 4 lines iirc . 
  must have waited 4-5 minutes . 
  yeah it was faster at the jerusalem bus station but then again seeing inside a crazy old dude that was mumbling to himself and walking nervously while he had a gun that could be seen under his jacket did n't make us feel particularly safe . 
   they are trying to establish a market to get more people to shop in the city center but the prices for the stands are to high so they want to put stands where people only eat truffles and caviar or what ? 
  having a variety of foods is normal ... and you ca n't really charge a fortune for food out of a stand . 
  and i 'm still convinced even austrians want to eat sometimes food from a stand . 
   but so is not learning the language for 25 years . 
  he said he speake some understandable german . 
  i do n't go to a kebab shop to engage in discussions about goethe . 
  good will hunting is not a documentary . 
  and if his accent bothers you , just say it 's all part of his charm like you people do with arnold schatzanagggrererr . 
   thats a matter of seconds . 
  well i do n't have any long experience but neah it 's longer than that . 
  it 's a couple of minutes . 
  not airport wait times but still not super quick . 
   that sell sausages and other snacks also need to vaccate and do not get a stand in downtown because of this new concept . 
  do n't people eat kebabs in austria ?
