  another is the apostolic decree of acts 15 , which is still observed by the greek orthodox church . 
  [ 4 ] another is canon law in the catholic , anglican , and orthodox churches . 
  see . 
  look how many cannon laws . 
  first 2 major ones : mosaic and law of christ . 
  now law of christ splits in as many churches as there are . 
  this has some many problems . 
  the jews have weird laws . 
  kill them . 
  the protestant have weird rules , kill them . 
  etc etc. 
  but it 's sufficiently fragmented to introduce doubt . 
  you can use a violent version and say that 's the real one . 
  you can use a moderate version and say that 's the real one . 
  now islam . 
   sharia , also known as islamic law ( \u0642\u0627\u0646\u0648\u0646 \u0625\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645\u064a q\u0101n\u016bn \u02beisl\u0101m\u012b ) , is the moral code and religious law of islam . 
  sharia is derived from two primary sources , the precepts set forth in the quran and the example set by the islamic prophet muhammad in the sunnah . 
  islamic jurisprudence ( fiqh ) interprets and extends the application of sharia to questions not directly addressed in the primary sources by including secondary sources . 
  boom . 
  that 's it . 
  on true word . 
  also a very important difference between christianity and islam . 
  the new testament is what other people wrote and their version and interpretation . 
  you switch from one another . 
  islam  muslims believe sharia is god 's law , but they differ as to what exactly it entails . 
  [ it s the law of god , you ca n't argue a lot . 
  are n't you supposed to buy flights from the same company ? 
  it 'll make sure you do n't miss the connecting flights . 
  or give you a proper connection . 
  not to mention it 's retardedly offensive to say people in the ghettos are more likely to become terrorists . 
   most banlieues are not just poor ghettos , but poor areas of ethnic and religious segregation . 
  have you ever met the gypsies ? 
  the europeans it 's legal to buttfuck constantly !, 
  holocaust ? 
  they were there !, 
  racism ? 
  check . 
  live in literal dumps ? 
  get deported from france ? 
  how many gypsies fighting for isis or ticking ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  yeah . 
  plus having him alive standing trial would just make him more of a idol ( see brievik ) or tsarnaev . 
  people be dumb . 
  username checks out . 
  uhm , we 're not the only country to have poor ghettos ... 
  if spain breaks up , wouldnt catalonia be kicked out of the eu and out of schengen ? 
  it 's getting complicated is n't it ? 
  65 % of catholics are favorable to gay marriage . 
  that being said , between being opposed to gay marriage and sharia , we can agree there 's a difference . 
  uhm christianity is very much based on the new testament you can surely find violent parts in the any testament . 
  i 'm just saying , there 's no law system , no codex , no anything . 
  every branch and every country was free to do whatever they wanted . 
  he is saying these people stalked the area.planned kn fine detail , knew every exit , every floor . 
  does he have any proof of that ? 
  uhm blaming sykes picot on what 's happening now ? 
  it was 100 years ago . 
  lets stop pretending some agreement back in the day is what 's fucking up the region . 
  sure sure , we can make contrived arguments about anything and their opposite . 
  and even if the people decide something , that does n't make it a democracy . 
  tyranny of the majority is a real thing . 
  a small note . 
  to the best of my knowledge ( i am no theologist ) , christianity does n't have any version of sharia . 
  there is no basic christian legal system . 
  and looking at sharia , boy oh boy . 
  if you live in a society that believes thieves should have their hands chopped , well the seends of violence are sown . 
  yup . 
  the euro is at the stage were it either goes for more fiscal integration or you know , no euro . 
  having a mix just exposes nations . 
  lets not ruin everything though . 
  and neither an borderless system where criminals can go as they please . 
  that 's the argument i hear against gun control . 
  gun control only stops the good guys . 
  the bad guys will find a way . 
  and in a certain way it 's true . 
  but lets make it tough enough so that crazies would need . 
  10k euros to buy an ak47 illegaly . 
  not 1k . 
  lets make the bad guys bleed money . 
  if every country has a border , then to for a gun to get from bosnia to france , you will need a whole suply chain . 
  now ? 
  you just need a single border to pass and you 're safe . 
  security is is layers like onions . 
  now our security is just a balloon . 
  reality has consequences . 
  on fb there are n't any . 
  so i would n't be quick to judge . 
  when we 'll have a common army , intelligence agency and police force , we can talk about having an open border . 
  lets build things in the correct order . 
  start from the foundation and build upwards . 
   my guess is that most of the problems they faces comes from stupid teens that think that they 're helping palestine by fucking things up here in europe . 
  so at 18 , they stop being anti-semitic ? 
  or do they learn not to express their feelings directly ? 
   lived in toulouse for three years and some areas are not better who says that france is a lovely vibrant country where people of all origins are welcome and accepted . 
  i just want france to deal with french trash . 
  not have belgian trash overflow to us . 
   but like any places in europe being jewish in a area where people are in majority muslims , it probably sucks and it 's a shame . 
  so how do we deal with this problem ? 
   so where did the terrorist came from who killed 4 jews in brussels and which we knew nothing about ? 
  exactly .
