   `` this name rings painfully in the ears of every romanian '' wrote their most influential historian of the war , `` it is linked to the greatest defeat of our holy war : a grievous , humiliating , ignominious defeat ... '' nope . 
  like any propaganda : the talk is only about the great victories while the defeats are not mentioned at all , or in passing . 
  you have given an example yourself , where a saying is created to mock the adversary without fully expressing the complexities of the situation . 
  1st and 2nd romanian army left for the north or wallachia while only the 3rd remained to protect the south . 
  obviously that was a bad decision and they underestimated the bulgarians . 
  probably because they almost took sofia 3 years prior . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_balkan_war see , not so easy when you 're surrounded by enemies , 
   `` the verdun of the east '' and `` impregnable '' . 
  look at the sector where the fortress fell :  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_turtucaia#fall_of_the_fortress_.285.e2.80.936_september.29 combatants 18,000 6,300 18k bulgarians . 
  6k romanians . 
  that 's no verdun , is it ? 
  55k bulgarians vs 39k romanians . 
  and the 1st and 2nd romanian army were in transylvania about to tackle the germans and austro-hungarians . 
  romanian forces were stretched on 2 fronts . 
  while the main bulk on the other side . 
  everybody knows ees have no sense of auto-criticism . 
  doing something by trusting your instinct . 
   from the battle of tutrakan in ww1 , denotes failing right before the very end of a process/action . 
  yeah . 
  do n't forget bulgaria had german help . 
   , you could have said the same about eastern europeans . . still they came . 
  and ? 
  what 's your problem with eastern europeans ? 
   no it 's not , we 'll start our own nato light . . europe only . 
  with the level of german military spending , it 'll very light . 
   visa means more immigration , and there wo n't be coming less . . 
  i do n't see why the visa thing is such an issue . 
  it 's not like hoards upon hoards of turkish will come in europe at all cost . 
  those who wan na be here are already here . 
   send the eastern-european leaders to do the negotiation & nbsp ;  threaten to leave nato those two things are contradictory . 
  let 's face it . 
  they got visa and 6 billion euros . 
  visa is not really that important and 6 billion is peanuts on the scale of the eu . 
  ask for their age man . 
  i am essentially saying help those that need it the most . 
  not those that are closest to you . 
   yeah , they 'd magically stop coming . 
  i kinda think it 's wrong to award those that can pay 5k for a ride to europe . 
  i kinda feel that the people most in need are in camps in jordan or syria and they can not afford the journey . 
  neah we 're fine . 
  the real deal do n't carry that silly looking torches ? 
  and their caps do n't look like the kind park guardians wear ? 
  indeed . 
  it was a shame what happened . 
  but i really doubt that what happened would have happened if france had won the war or resisted . 
  we did n't have the benefit of a nice wide natural border to stop the german tank invasion . 
  putting every country in the same box allows for no nuances which are vital to understand the full story ', 
  i had a friend that had an internship in germany . 
  she was using google street to scout apartments and hotels . 
  you know , see if the area is nice , not too shady etc. 
  by the time she got there , it was completely irrelevant . 
  i sometimes play this game https://geoguessr.com you have to guess where it dropped you . 
  it 's actually pretty cool . 
  and so much fun to see all those different places on the globe . 
  gives you the desire to pack up and just travel around this lovely world . 
  yes , i am aware that the vast majority of the skews come from a few companies in germany . 
  and it 's tough to find a good kebab but there are some in paris that are quite good . 
  i have yet to find any where i 'm living now . 
  the one i usually went to in paris was either turkish or kurdish . 
  never checked . 
  next time i 'll shout erdogan is awesome to see what they are . 
  and they serve all kinds . 
  that being said , since i have n't been to turkey so i do n't know how the real deal tastes like . 
  so you guys have it different compared to france . 
  we have a few sauces some very spicey . 
  but haydari sounds good , we have similar . 
  darn now i 'm hungry . 
   we are france , and also french . '', 
  doesnt correspond to our full story . 
  france is n't just \u00e0 country in the west of europe . 
  to the creation of french heritage . 
  our current motto for good or bad is better . 
  it 's not bs . 
  check the population profile of budjak when it was part of romania . 
  even back then i do n't think romanians were a majority . 
  google street is awesome when you have to go somewhere and you do n't know how the place looks like . 
  also for checking where you used to live and have nostalgia kick in . 
  germany 's missing out . 
  what sauces do you have over there . 
  the sauces make like 50 % of the flavour . 
  we should all get some ruby slippers and knick the heels while saying our slogans :d, 
  good  i 'd retort something as snarky about armenia as well but the only things i know are the genocide and the fact that armenia and azerbaijan argue a lot . 
  sorry man :(, 
  indeed . 
  belgium 's motto is [ unity makes strength ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/unity_makes_strength ) . 
  honestly these slogans are taking the piss :d, 
  yeah . 
  they live in calais sadly . 
  : / thank you schengen again . 
   because half of the eu can not take care of themselves and need a nanny well take a break my friend . 
  go to ibiza and enjoy yourself a bit . 
  stop working so hard . 
  you really think the govt does n't care about business ? 
  bring me a beer some time . 
  i wan na feel the taste of a beer made in a perfect world . 
  you know france and germany made a profit from the greek debt right . 
   but hey lets continue telling ourselves how many sacrifices we make . 
  the sound of trump-et . 
  eh , if it were n't for gypsies , romanian weddings ( and balkan too ) would be much more boring . 
  it 's okay .
