  nope . 
  it 's already a giant behemoth . 
  having a flurry of small countries is a bad idea because those that are already in already feel treated unequally . 
  i hope eu citizens will get to vote on enlargement from now on . 
   how they were able to coordinate directly with the fsb on the dime for snowden using contacts already in moscow or how assange got a tv show on russia today . 
  you can also mention how scwartz did a few interviews on russia today . 
  but guess what . 
  the mean ruskies did n't spy on me and read my emails . 
  once they do that , we 'll turn against them but right now you are killing the messenger . 
  you are acting like because they get help from the commies whatever they say can not be true and must not be heard . 
  that 's bs my friend . 
  neither russia nor the us nor france nor uk care about freedom , democracy etc etc etc. 
  the actions their govts perform are 100 % egocentrical and nationalistic . 
  they all killed and bombed civilians , they are all created a ton of misery in this world . 
  claiming one is above the others is just pure , raw , stinky bs . 
  the day there will be one single super power will be a sad sad day because of the sheer amount of destruction unbridled power can cause : look at the pointless retarded iraqi war . 
  luckly that does n't look like it 'll happen . 
  go china . 
   unless , you want to get her punished by the local superheroes ? 
  either way , they should publish an international arrest warrant . 
  that should solve the problem . 
  \\ #notallterrorists \\ #notinmyname, 
  loser gets to nuke the other country ? 
   `` your enemy is yesterday 's you '' so russia 's worst enemy is russia itself ? 
  seems about right . 
  stromae 's new single . 
  we 're talking about 2015 eurovision . 
  if romania wants to sing about something they can try the communist work camps and prisons ( which were held by other romanians since the soviets left by 58 ) . 
  they can also sing about the holocaust too . 
  or the iasi progrom that saw 13000 jews killed . 
  the first monument to commemorate that was put in about 2010 . 
  i mean why do people love to always protray themselves as victims ? 
  france has a song about ww1 . 
  it was depressing and got second to last place . 
  moldavians could . 
  do you just ramble without fact checking ? 
  just check what france did when the us wanted to invade iraq, 
  since i ca n't pick france , i 'd have to say italy too . 
  it 's gorgeous and the ladies did n't make me feel like i 'm far from home . 
  what about housing benefits ? 
  or means based scholarships ? 
  i would have said notice me senpai but i have no idea what that meme is . 
  the guys does macroecon . 
  witness me !, 
  let 's hope europe will see another refugee crisis this summer . 
  that 'll freak out a few brits into voting out . 
  france is need based and you can immediatly ask for benefits . 
  that 's why we 're crumbling . 
  oh my a meeting ? 
  that sounds serious . 
   i really hope european defense spending takes off in the next decade or so eh . 
  lets face it . 
  it 's also a bit of overkill . 
   i 'm shocked at how badly they seem to have critically failed at understanding the difference between israel and jewish faith/individuals . 
  have n't you seen the vids asking for muslims to publicly denounce this or that terrorist act ? 
  of course israel isnt a terrorist act . 
  but a jewish has as much connection to israel as a muslim to terrorism . 
  there 's no discussion to be had with an ideolog . 
  if something does not adhere to your desires , it is false . 
  invited ? 
  have some data . 
   https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/40nru4/dear_europeans_what_are_the_most_astonishing_or/cywinxb, 
  money is free speech man . 
  yeah you already have enough of those . 
  limburger . 
  does that mean more soft cheese for me ? 
  deal !, 
  not even in paris . 
  all over france actually . 
  of course you believe our culture is inferior . 
  that 's what your culture taught you to think . 
  look around you man . 
  you 'll see people that are way more modest that you are . 
  those people are better than you . 
  we 're the least likely to think our culture is superior to others . 
  suck it everyone else , we rule at modesty . 
  maybe before taxes ? 
  france looks like before taxes . 
  you 're probably getting shafted man while everybody around you got a salary hike . 
  the rich countries do n't really care because life wo n't change a lot for them . 
  conservatives also mean fiscal conservatives . 
  the people who buy into what the bs journal says are more socialists on those aspects . 
   thank you for having a heart , sadly i 'm waiting to start hearing comments that pretty much say `` you deserved it '' those get thrown out a lot . 
  no one deserves it . 
  i thought the terrorist dude was europe 's most wanted ? 
  conservative ? 
  i doubt you 'll find that many conservatives that agree with this . 
   so you do n't get to point fingers that much either why not ? 
  personal opinions do n't matter anymore ? 
  unless people here are members of govt , they can point as many fingers as they want . 
  there 's a difference between shift in opinion which i agree that it is taking place and civil war/collapse etc etc etc. 
  true , but the power she gained was mostly due to her being the wife of the genius of the carpathians . 
  had they not suffered an untimely death , co two would have been removed just like mao 's wife jiang qing and her clique of 3 that formed the gang of four . 
   france is already on the verge of collapse dude what are you smoking ? 
  ask [ these guys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_hollywood_shootout ) . 
  they outgunned the swats . 
  why ? 
  is he gypsy ? 
   fondly of the days picking fruits and vegetables from the backyard , milking cows or shepherding sheep . 
  dem rose tinted glasses,
