   is there a logistical problem ( i.e. 
  too few prison places ) well considering that romania has an occupation problem that is worse than france 's with an average rate of 143 % and in some places reaching 200 % , i think that yeah , they have a logistics problem . 
   is it an overstepping of one of the government branche 's power ? 
  again , the govt decree is okay from a constitutional pov . 
  romania 's constitution allows for that ( in fact many consitutions allow for similar things ) . 
  i honestly fail to see , in a coherent manner why freeing some people from jail and putting abuse of power only if damages are above 50k a significant constitutional issue . 
  a political issue , sure ... you might argue the threshold is too high or whatever ... but a constitutional issue ... c'mon . 
   no , it is not . 
  yes it is . 
  the day some key countries decide to leave the eu , eu will be as good as dead . 
  claiming national govts do n't matter is silly . 
   because instead of criticising a certain type of institutional set-up , you question the very idea of having an institutional set-up in the first place well there 's no point in dreaming of a perfect eu . 
  the eu is the one we 've got , it 's ridiculous to defend the eu from the pov of a perfect eu that exists just around the corner and we got ta hold on a bit more . 
  i see very little significant projects concerning the eu currently , i see no leaders that have the capabilities to do significant change . 
  guy verhopswhatever does n't matter in germany or in france or in italy . 
   it was never about national sovereignty . 
  well that 's what a german says . 
  the brits will tell you [ otherwise ] ( http://lordashcroftpolls.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/leave-vs-remain-podium-rankings.jpg ) . 
   instead of doing so , it chose to have unrestricted immigration . 
  did the british choose that or their politicians ? 
  what offers did the eu make to the british population ? 
  besides juncker telling them to suck it up ? 
  i heard of no offers to restrict polish or romanian immigration . 
  now we have an uk out and a poland with constitutional issues and a romania with corruption issues in . 
  when will people admit that hey ... some things were not done correctly . 
   you will tell them they are pointless because they recognize state sovereignty that 's because you misread . 
  the eu becomes pointless not when it recognises and respects national sovereignty but when the countries that make the eu no longer wish to be part of the common project . 
  i can not and do not wish to impose upon the germans a political project they do not wish to engage in . 
  and neither should the eu do that . 
   the positive effect of rineland economics obvious in germany and france . 
  well alsace is white and paca is blue ... how 's that the rhine ? 
  1 euro per euro . 
  i did not know italians were so resilient . 
  17 years with no growth ... if that had happened in france , you 'd see le pen voted in quite quickly . 
  people are already uncertain how 2022 will look like if the next 5 years will be like the previous . 
   i assume the eu is reacting because the oug passed by the government are weakening the fight against corruption , not because there are protests . 
  so you can either : * 1 ) have the parlament remove the govt and name a new one . 
  * 2 ) have the parlament disolved after no new clean govt can be instated * 3 ) wait 4 years for new elections . 
  or should we expect the eu to start sanctioning procedures every time psd gets a majority in the parlament ? 
  either romanians learn not to vote psd , learn why people vote psd so they stop , or we 'll just keep repeating the same ol' story again and again and again . 
   passing a midnight-session law which pardons several politicans that had already been convicted of crimes might be legal , but it is , i believe , not something that should occur under a government whose power is restrained by anything , least of them law . 
  bush pardoned scooter libby . 
  in france our jails are overflowing so ** we are not sending to jail convicted people ** . 
  last time i checked france is n't devolving in some lawless state where the constitution means shit . 
   hat might be legal might not fall under what a constitutional state should be doing . 
  well tough cookies . 
  then let the political process in romania run its course til the next election . 
   what ? 
  it 's exactly what i 'm saying : the german government and several others , who then form a blocking majority in the council , but that 's a ridiculous thing to say . 
  the eu is not some magical meta being . 
  the eu is formed by the national gouvernments . 
  when a country like germany ( or any other country ) blocks reforms i wo n't go to germans ( or any other people ) and tell them omg what are you people doing ? 
  i 'll go to the eu and tell them they 're pointless . 
   yet in the end , criticism is directed towards the eu the way things are now are not good , that 's a reality . 
  so we either change the eu or we get out of it . 
  if a country blocks reforms , i wo n't choose to continue a common project with that country , will i ? 
  we ca n't bomb other countries so they take the common route , what we can do is get out of the common route . 
   yet in the end , criticism is directed towards the eu , just like you did , and no praise for respecting national sovereignty . 
  that 's because you live in a world where the eu can not do any wrongs . 
   this dynamic was my argument why the eu should n't care about impressions regarding national sovereignty , worked fantastically for brexit , did n't it ? 
   political pressure is just a diplomatic way of ensuring romania respects its adherence commitments which were clearly related to judicial independence and rule of law . 
  i mean if you 're fine with juncker putting political pressure on your country , that 's fine . 
  but other people might not like it . 
  people like the british showed that they did n't . 
  and if juncker would try this in france , he might get a nice surprise . 
    on a smaller scale , it is a case of cherrypicking - you want the privileges , but do n't abide by the basic rules . 
  i believe that only countries with a long track record of stability should be accepted in the eu . 
   you are completely clutching at straws with your arguments and it 's clear your partisanship towards romania is the cause of your prejudiced judgement . 
  ad hominem attacks . 
  cheers . 
   first and foremost there must be rule of law , and the romanian government just killed that principle . 
  the path chosen by the romanian govt is not against the romanian constitution . 
  that 's a fact . 
  concerning the change of law , the romanian constitutional court has to decide . 
  i believe that the romanian constitutional court has more capabilities in understanding romanian law than juncker . 
   if a member state ceases to be one has romania ceased to be one ? 
  do you have any proof of that ? 
   to pressure said member state 's government into re-establishing the rule of law . 
  again , do you have any proof that rule of law has been removed from romania ? 
   the examples you mentioned are the primary ones when it comes to `` national governments blocking solutions '' . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  france for example wanted common debt while germany did n't . 
  if the french then protest , it 's not against national french govts . 
   people are protesting because these ordinances were never a part of psds electoral pledge . 
  yes and if romania votes again for the psd then that means they agree with their policies and as such measures need to be taken by the eu . 
   a lot of their voters and their officials are against it too . 
  then they have the chance to show their disapproval in 4 years . 
   people have a duty to protest if they want do defend principles they believe in , and that does not make it a democratic sideslip . 
  well political pressure from juncker is sidestepping democracy . 
  let the romanian constitutional court have its say . 
  if the court agrees , then let romanians in 4 years vote for new guys that will repeal these laws . 
   with romania , we can turn this on its head : the eu acted , the will of the people was followed , and we got a good outcome . 
  again , how are protests more relevant than a democratic vote ? 
  the eu should act if romanians vote psd in 4 years ... not now . 
  if romanians voted psd , let them sleep in the bed they made for themselves as is the democratic process . 
  the eu should not intervene in this . 
  let the romanian constitutional court deal with it , let the proper checks and balances of romania act . 
  i fail to see how juncker is more relevant to romania , than romania 's own constitutional court . 
   it 's about dissatisfaction with your national government first and foremost . 
  yeah ... because the euro for example did n't fuck up several eu countries , because schengen is n't flawed because there is no eu wide police force so terrorists can roam around europe freely ... etc etc etc.
