  always czech twice for any missing czechs . 
   both moldovas are successors of the moldavian principality , which was broken into two parts historically the main cities that held power were in nowadays romania , so there 's that . 
   unless you specifically note it as such and present it for study or you know , you can assume that people who watch things are n't mentally retarded and can analyse a topic in their mind . 
  i know , crazy . 
   some things are plainly true or false you can not say : `` this is false '' without showing what `` this '' actually is . 
  it 's not like those arguments are presented every day and night on canal + . 
  we 're not children , we can make up our own minds . 
   the russian and soviet track record is n't any better i dunno man . 
  the `` iraq has wmds '' was pretty fucking baaad . 
  not saying that france is better . 
  we fucked up in lybia . 
  lets stop pointing fingers , it 's annoying . 
  each country is looking for its interests not some bs ideal they come up with, 
  dude , it 's biking . 
  remember contador and his `` i ate some doped up beef '', 
  remember the good old day when the eu was manageable ? 
  ah the latin way then . 
   romania can feel safe . 
  turks got their backs uhm . . . 
  ottoman empire anyone ? 
   the bad guys in this world are n't going to just magically disappear within the next few months . 
  exactly . 
  thank you . 
   they 're still going to be there or elsewhere a year or 5 years from now no , i am hoping they will be arrested or under house arrest for a long time . 
   < some other european police force  can always arrest him for you . 
  2 of the terrorists that were known by the police got into europe using refugee lines . 
  others proffitted because they were known by the belgian police and they did n't pass on the info . 
  and others profitted from failures of the french services which are by no means blameless . 
  edit : no to mention that some people we have no idea where they are or if they 're isis members in syria . 
  once you 'll join schengen you 'll find out how open borders works . 
  with some things it 's awesome , with others , not really . 
  god man your irrational comment that just spews out whateve goes through your mind made me see the light . 
  well with 10k per year you can get in any continental eu state a top notch education + housing + living costs + health care . 
  for some american students that is an option . 
  the us profits a lot from brain drain . 
  i do not see you guys turning down qualified people that benefitted from a cheap but high quality education . 
   because it 's not like their faculty ( most of them anyway ) roll in money either . 
  compared to eu ( or at least french unis ) they kinda are . 
  darn those swedes are efficient at redeeming prisoners . 
  if the police had any leads on their whereabouts they would have moved in by now . 
  there are 500 frenchmen in syria atm . 
  we cant exactly go in syria and arrest them , can we ? 
   so we 'll see , but `` temporary measures '' often last years well clearly we 'll have to see . 
  there 's no need to get alarmed , not even 3 months have passed since the november terrorist strike . 
  it would be a bit weird to claim everything is fine , when clearly things are not . 
  patience is the key word . 
   well , that 's not how justice is supposed to work . 
  we 're in a particular state that demands particular actions . 
   is considered as threatening to `` public order '' , i am confused . 
  what 's your problem with that ? 
   you get to judge , but terrorism seems like an excuse for broader control . 
  control of what ? 
  it 's only a temporary state . 
  these look like minuatures even without a tiltshift :d quite pretty, 
  now now , dont get offended . 
  i guess some french people in the 70 % would reconsider their opinion if they knew how light evidence can be to get them arrested . 
  considering that the vast vast majority will not get arrested , people are fine . 
   a state of emergency that does n't mention terrorism wut ? 
   as i 've said that was before establishment of puppet regime of antonescu huh ? 
  what puppet regime ? 
  romania was a royal dictatorship under carol ( banning of political parties ) already in 1938 with no outside influencd and became a military one in 1940 under antonescu . 
  it was n't a puppet regime . 
   bessarabia is a part of moldova it had n't been part of moldova since 1812 . 
  it became part of romania in 1918 . 
  in 1946 they got the name if the soviet republic of moldova . 
   india was a british dominion and in this particular case we 're talking about a private person that person being a maharaja . 
  the ruler of that particular state the polish were accepted . 
   romania was carved up by hungary and soviets and made a german puppet under antonescu . 
  the polish govt left through the corridor with romania . 
  in 1939-1940 there were about 10k ( 4k towards the end ) polish refugees in romania . 
  also nope . 
  romania still had full control of wallachia , moldova and beginning of 1942 bessarabia . 
   lets face it man , you 're just ignorant and manipulates facts to support your political views . 
  how ? 
  my statement is that mexico or india were in no obligation to accept polish refugees , yet they did . 
  so that 's why many isis fighters are going there ? 
  dude . 
  i think you have some problems in your logic, 
   the eu is not a vehicle for former colonial empires to gang up for more military adventures . 
  so sweden and denmark are formal colonial empires ? 
  cuz they send more isis fighters than france per capita . 
  what ? 
  i am simply explaining how polish refugees were accepted by a different culture and they do n't want to return the favor . 
  i am offered arguments such as they being economic migrants and not refugees , but surely you can find 10k refugees from alep , from kobane , etc that are fleeing the war , ca n't you ? 
  and other silly counter arguments when the reality is simple . 
  us europeans think we 're special , better . 
   the only place that poles could go during wwii was hungary romania too.the baltics , the northern european countries . 
   you thinks that there were some ngos and un giving them food , blankets and water when they were set free ? 
  at the time , no the un did n't exist . 
  lets face it man , the polish were accepted by people from a vastly different culture and now when returning the favor , you use the `` different culture '' card . 
  and islamisation . 
   to be fair many eu countries did not take part in the wars that created the instability from which isis has been able to grow yeah countries like france or belgium or denmark . 
  but here we are . 
  the belgians and danes send more isis fighter per capita than france . 
  lets say its an eu problem , shall we ? 
   they 're downvoting you and ? 
  i sometimes was taking the piss and my comments were upvoted massively . 
  i discivered to not take comments seriously . 
   do n't try to play the martyr martyr ? 
  wtf are you talking about ?
