  words have meanings . 
  what ? 
  since when were the jews at the hyper cacher responsible for `` colonialism ? 
  or the 8 yo grabbed by her hair and shot by merah ? 
  are these the colonialists ? 
   the restrictions were only lifted 7 years later . 
  was that an illegal move ? 
   schengen is another example . 
  we are still not allowed to benefit from this agreement , although we met all the criteria that was required in 2014 , france had to expulse 13000 romanian citizens because they were living in subhuman standards , make shift ghettos , tents etc. 
  they also do cause an increase in criminality . 
  like it or not , these are one of the causes romania is n't being let into schengen . 
  i 've seen 70yo romanian ladies walking with a cane panhandling in parisian metros . 
  she did n't get here by mistake . 
  what is romania doing to fix all the organised criminality that are bringing huge amounts of prostitutes in we ? 
  etc etc. 
  majesty ? 
  did i miss something really big ? 
   russia ( or to be more precise russian empire ) has lenin ever ruled over the russian empire ? 
  by the time the russian civil war ended , the ussr had a very different structure that the one it had after 1945 . 
  many parts were independent of russia when lenin was at the helm . 
   are you the same as a german ? 
  nope hence why we 're in a big union and make big planes together . 
  its fun, 
  well thats great . 
  that 's what the reps want . 
  our economoc crisis came at a good time then . 
  we should just get out of schengen . 
  it 's a ticking time bomb . 
  i did n't realise i was speaking to one of those people . 
  so many nukes we have . 
  they 're under used . 
  maybe you 'll like some glowing pains au chocolat . 
  did they steal your pain au chocolat ? 
  we got it . 
  it snows in bucharest . 
  can we move to a different meme now ? 
  who puts in nativity scenes ? 
   let the illegals flood in because they are hopeful are mexicans thaaat different from americans ? 
  i think if people would come and work it would be fine . 
  it 's the whole completely different culture . 
  you mean not worse news . 
  yup , the west simply didnt talk enough with stalin ... 
   yes , because letting ussr dominate eastern europe and turn in cold war , with million proxy wars and deaths yup . 
  lets a bomb moscow , that surely would have resulted in fewer deaths . 
  goddamn it this discussion is pointless . 
  gday . 
   they let stalin do whatever he wanted with poland and its citizens . 
  so you think there should have been ww3 cuz of poland . 
  yeah sucks what it happened if you think for 3 seconds you 'll realise not much could have been done . 
   they allowed it to operate , when they could 've stopped it . 
  the death machine would have operated in other parts . 
  it 's not like nazi killing machine didnt have other parts where to operate from . 
  nuff with the blaming its annoying . 
   they could have bombed the railways leading to the camp okay that 's a different story . 
   instead , they ignored it and let pilecki get murdered by the communists . 
  how ? 
  stalin had a mind of his own at the time . 
   the allies have death camp blood on their hands and they should finally admit it . 
  yeah the brits caused auschwitz, 
  well i mean if the op or hungary is willing to reclaim sarkozy , i dont think many people would complain . 
   this way everybody on the planet would know and germany would have to say something . 
   while in the camp , pilecki organized a resistance movement and as early as 1941 , they were already at war . 
  would it really matter at that point ? 
  in 1941 the germans were already actively killing british . 
  it 's not like germany was popular in britain at the time or smth . 
    when germans discovered mass graves in katy\u0144 they raported it and started investigation . 
  you wanted britain to go into nazi germany and ask them politely to let them investigate . 
  got it . 
  so you wanted britain all by itself to invade nazi germany . 
  okay ... 
   uncover them auschwitz was under russian control . 
  `` map of hungarian dialects -  half of europe included . '', 
  i wouldnt have it any other way from you hungary . 
   britan aaaand they ignored it . 
  what should britain have done ? 
  invade the germans ? 
  i 'm confused ... 
  did they stutter when they named france ? 
  well if you pay 3 pounds you can vote in my communists for socialism party . 
  the vote was for and by the labour party and as such is far from being a representation of the british population . 
  it 's a subset , meant for a subset and it is not therefore democratic . 
  the same shit goes for primaries . 
  if you need a membership card , it 's not democratic . 
   france finds plenty of other ways to be totalitarian , and if you integrate over all totalitarian measures then you will find france is worse :p are you working for the economist ? 
   if they coughed up 3 pounds for the membership in labour they could . 
  so its not democratic then . 
   he was democratically elected to that position . 
  could every british adult vote for him ? 
  then he 's not democratically elected . . 
  darn , italy is a total sausage fest . 
  we 're not doing * that * bad . 
  about 60 % males . 
  and a lot are over 34 . 
  good numbers . 
  maybe our economic crisis arrived at a good time ? 
  some not all . 
  you 're asking about backlash . 
  any shit the us does affects uk since they 're so close hence it infects you . 
  choose your allies better man :d, 
  maybe cuz we dont pass all and everything to the nsa ?
