  others were simply retarded . 
  twin twin was awful , jessy matador , last year could have been good . 
  about ww1 but it was so friggin depressing . 
  there are way better french songs about ww1 . 
  let people become atheists . 
  it 's not bad . 
  \\ \\ the \\ \\ year latex :p, 
  that 's why i advocate for making voting mandatory , so that polls would make things irrelevat . 
   but how many of our players are going to be injured during the game ? 
  you can not tackle a player that is n't plaing the ball . 
  this is n't american football . 
   have https available ( or default like facebook , gmail etc. . ) ignoring that the ca emitter can issue fake certs for those websites [ like it already happened ] ( http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/10/still-fuming-over-https-mishap-google-gives-symantec-an-offer-it-cant-refuse/ ) , that the servers can use weak encryption [ like it already happened , yeey inria for finding out ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freak ) , ( of course i wont mention heartbleed ) , [ how the ssl is broken ] ( http://www.theregister.co.uk/2011/04/11/state_of_ssl_analysis/ ) , sslstrip that can remove the ssl layer without telling , all the data your computer might transmit without using encryption , you 'll still have people that 'll click on accepting unauthorized certs because hey what the hell is an authorized certificate ? 
  i 'm no power user of linux , just lite and i barely know all the possibilities . 
  it 's safe to assume the vast majority of users dont know it . 
  with ssh you still need a secure server to connect to . 
  except the one at my lab , i dont have any other , and id rather not do private browsing that will go on my work network . 
   problem and blocking a democratic process a democratic process might be to kill the 49 % but that doesnt make it legal . 
   good old ignoring and crying anticonstitutional well apparently the courts decided that it 's anticonstitutional . 
  you can not have a modern state if you ignore what your courts of law decide . 
  you can not wave the flag of self determination and get a free pass to do whatever you want . 
  what 's stopping 3 guys in their shed to ask for self determination ? 
  it was a valid concern when you 'd have second class `` citizens '' inside multi-national empires such as the austro-hungarian empire . 
  what proof do you have that catalunyans are second class citizens in modern day spain ? 
  because you sound like those wacko americans that proclaim they 're free citizens :  https://www.reddit.com/r/amibeingdetained  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcozh_vbydm  i do not consent !, 
  [ the making of the atomic bomb by richard rhodes ] ( http://www.amazon.com/the-making-atomic-bomb-anniversary/dp/1451677618 ), 
  dunno about you , but the book just hits me of christian propaganda . 
  i understand why for its period , it 's normal , but i dont think it aged well . 
   podemos is the only major party in spain that supports a referendum on catalan sovereignty . 
  reminds of those old time communist parties that were very much for breaking up countries . 
  so you have to connect through cygwin ( cuz i doubt the majority of users have linux ) to a server you 've already connected before to use ssh safely . 
  how many people do that in an airport ? 
  not to mention that xwindows tends to be super slow over ssh so browsing the internet is a tedious experience . 
  hey , they 're be one retard that brought some serious shit from the war . 
  find me an example of someone shooting mortars . 
  after some googling , it 's fireworks mortars . 
  yeah ... 
  totally mortars . 
  retarded journalists being retarded . 
  mortar fire ? 
  are we being serious now ? 
  there are areas were the police have to go well prepared but this is ridiculous . 
  that being the news paper is connected to the right - extreme right and has already made ridiculous statements that have no backing . 
  the mortar statement is ridiculous , the others i 'd take a heavy dose of salt . 
   in august 2014 , an article in french magazine ** valeurs actuelles ** ( contemporary values ) mentioned 750 lawless areas where police officers might be met with serious assault , including mortar fire . 
  okay ... 
  honest question : why would anyone use a public wifi connection ? 
  do you like having all your data snooped at ? 
  redirected to fake websites to have your passwords stolen ? 
  not you , the other dude . 
  there are air france planes between moscow and the states . 
  i dont understand why anyone would do that , when they have the option to take only one company . 
  this is the type of situation where you dont wan na be a hot potato . 
  did you book the same company from moscow to the states ? 
  because if you change companies , you can expect this type of mess . 
  20 mins to move around cdg is impossible , its too big . 
  regarding airports , brussels airport was pretty boring . 
   out of the low cost airports well there 's your problem right there , 
  1790 borders . 
  we 're all jelly . 
  we can have a nuke war . 
  who wins gets nice . 
  okay ? 
  it was taken for a few decades then piedmont got it in 1814, 
  wuuut ? 
  after we fought together against those austrians ? 
  you crai crai . 
  why ? 
  it wont be valid in the uk soon ? 
  in reverse italy gave us nice and savoy cuz we helped them solve an austrian problem . 
  thanks guys , nice is super nice . 
  it 's a statement man . 
  it 's saying hey we 're your neighbours now . 
  today shield , tomorrow icbms , who knows amirite ? 
   the u.s. government has maintained that the shield in romania , and its planned sister installation in poland , is aimed at countering a nuclear threat from iran -- not russia . 
  cuz that statements is more believable . 
  dude it 's just a physical before the job . 
  a lot of jobs require to get a physical , if not most . 
   and hamas spend eu development money in buying weapons dude , we 're talking about the west bank . 
  in the west bank the ruling party is fatah and not hamas . 
  keep things relevant , okay . 
   because the ` eu ' , claiming to represent europe , tries to make a statement , well i support such a policy . 
   example israel we are fighting similar battles in the middle east and in different places of the world . 
  and we 're fighting the same battle with russia against isis , that does n't mean we 'll sweep the ukranian issue under the rug . 
  honestly , if israel feels it does no harm , what 's the problem woth putting a label on it . 
  would n't you be proud of it ? 
   not that completely different really . 
  many of our proudest moments involve killing each other , so yeah i 'd call that as a different history . 
  while i am no very familiar with indian history , i do understand thar different parts have different histories and different heritage . 
  but we can mention pakistand bangladesh india and the problems that happened because of that split . 
  making a huge federation would just make us look like belgium . 
  a country split in two , with one part resenting the other and just bickering about pointless issues . 
  better we be close friends that bitter spouses i say . 
  ( yeah yeah i know its mean , especially to a belgian but honestly there 's too much heterogeneity to make a federation here ) . 
  actually since it 's tax payer mone i 'll assume that they have certain rules to abide . 
  messa tinks tump tump peety dum dum . 
   . that decided to have common eu law and rules that stand above nations ' law and rules . 
  some laws and not others . 
  some of the most important ones : the penal codes are up to each country to define . 
  in the uk , they decided to have some sort of ban on porn . 
  in germany they ca n't watch normal youtube because of silly copy right laws and their nazi games dont have the symbols , in france we 're in a state of emergency that makes it kinda a police state .
