  yes at the time you were considered as thugs , criminals , kinda dimwit people . 
   did they weigh heavily on the welfare system ? 
  there was no wellfare system . 
  the italians were considered that they were stealing er jerbs and er women ( no joke , a deputy in the parlament said that at the time , read the reference i gave ) . 
  and as such , several italian workers did get lynched : https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacro_di_aigues-mortes basically you were the brown people 100 years ago . 
   you are blaming all italians for italy 's past problems ? 
  whom should i blame ? 
  you guys voted for mussolini . 
  look at how beautiful scores he made  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_general_election,_1924 65 % of the number of seats in the parlament for the fascists . 
  and do n't give us bs on how the italians did n't want him . 
  you got what you wanted . 
   do you also blame syrian refugees and all other immigrants for their troubles ? 
  if they voted for assad , yeah man . 
  but i have the impression they didnt . 
   italians are european , with similar culture and values . 
  you did n't read the french press back in the day . 
  italians were considered like brutish thugs and anarchists that carry knives . 
   http://cahiersdugretha.u-bordeaux4.fr/2010/2010-13.pdf  they 're taking our place , our jobs and our fianc\u00e9es . 
  oh man , we were hostile to them . 
  it was a very troubling time . 
  a bunch of italian workers got lynched :  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacre_of_italians_at_aigues-mortes dont worry . 
  no one was ever charged for that massacre . 
  an italian anarchist killed the french president sadi carnot . 
  also next time , dont vote for fascists . 
  maybe you wont lose people like fermi or yves montand . 
   we do not need them and do not benefit from them . 
   unchecked immigration such as this is a suicide . 
   and that was bad for italy as we lost lots of men power and suffered heavily from brain drain ( we still do ) . 
  we do n't really care what problems italy is going through with its brain drain . 
  pay your smart people more . 
  not to mention that in the case of coluche and platini , their parents werent really qualified people . 
  they were random joes . 
  we took a risk and their kids paid off . 
   we do not need them and do not benefit from them . 
   unchecked immigration such as this is a suicide . 
  we had large amounts of unchecked italian immigration and we survived . 
  we even got some awesome people like coluche , yves montand , platini etc. 
  we also got some criminality : italian mafia , platini , but oh well ... 
  claiming that immigration is only a negative thing is bs ( just like claiming it 's only a positive thing ) . 
  i am not a sith , i do not deal in absolutes . 
   germans are sensible enough to realize how about the extremist ? 
   especially since poles are white and christian . 
  since when has that stopped extremists ? 
  almost everybody is white and christian in europe . 
  they 're not german so that 's the problem for extremists . 
  and dont let me start on the coflicts between protestants and catholics . 
  here 's a simple explanation : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_they_came_ ... 
  it 's almost like a minority of extremist people are highjacking the conversation and you only see them . 
  kinda like how 1k immigrants commit sex crimes and we want to punish the 1 million rest who did n't do anything wrong . 
   violence is used because it works when other methods fail . 
  heard the same comments during the paris riots . 
  extremism is a horse shoe . 
  the apple does not fall far from the tree . 
   russia is where true press freedom is , apparently . 
  nobody 's more free than a dead person . 
  buy enron . 
   the point of my question was to understand if , for the advocates of mass immigration , the safety and well being of refugees takes priority over that of the natives or if both issues are considered equally important . 
  who are those advocates ? 
  the politicians ? 
  well obviously the safety of both those people are equally important hence the reaction merkel had . 
  are you talking about human rights advocates ? 
  both issues are equally important for them too . 
   i 'm just trying to understand how things look like from `` your '' perspective ( where `` your '' refers to the people who do not perceive mass immigration as a problem ) . 
  ask italy that has seen 1 million + romanians , poland that has seen hundreds of ks of ukranians if it 's a problem . 
  saying immigration is only bad or only good is like saying any phenomenon that happens is only bad or only good . 
  god this whataboutism is so annoying . 
  stop dwelling on the past and look to the future . 
  if something bothers you , do something ** legal ** to change it . 
  stop bitching about `` why no one did it before ? '', 
  while i agree with that statement in bold , it has nothing to do with this guy . 
  the dude was known by the police . 
  he was free to go about europe . 
  thanks to schengen , the most european citizens seem to be criminals . 
  some bash brown people . 
  others bash brown shirts . 
  the neo-nazis bashing brown people make it easy for me . 
  too easy : /, 
   but when the french advisers -- sent personally by president chirac -- recommended them they seemed the most logical thing to do . 
  darn you really went digging for that one . 
  our sumo lover is the cause of the syrian conflict . 
  til . 
  do you happen to actually have any sources btw ? 
  besides , i can tell you to buy a bottle of evian , that does n't mean you can blame me if you kill half of your family . 
  i 'm sure you understand what the concept of advisor means . 
   today the french army is bombing isis , but during years the position of the french government was deluded and too biased in favour of an opposition openly islamist , yeah . 
  indeed france is the cause of the syrian war . 
  snorrrr . 
  enjoy your freedom fries , courtesy of lafayette . 
  yes comrade . 
  weak minds create weak societies . 
  we can not accept such corruption of the mind and body . 
  we are not a filthy capitalist homosexual depraved country . 
  by that logic , we 're all americans cuz mcdonalds . 
  at certain points in the history of the eu , yes that was the case . 
   financial , political and military support of the so called rebels mr putin . 
  welcome to our nice little quaint corner . 
   this could easily be the beginning of small militias that patrol the streets for immigrant crime . 
  maybe they 'll go search for crime in a single night . 
  a cristal night . 
   it is not suggesting that france are the sole cause to the civil war in syria .
