  reddit might get banned again in turkey . 
  you owed us one from your independence war . 
   it was only changed to liberation once the us realized it fucked up . 
  uhm . 
  since france knew iraq didnt have wmds , so did bush-cheney . 
  it was known it was all bs . 
  they even fed that bs to the media . 
  check the [ niger yellow cake forgeries ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/niger_uranium_forgeries ) . 
  lets face it , a lot of wars happening are pure bs . 
  how can a 15 yo cross borders with a legal guardian ? 
  wtf !, 
  i shall humbly accept any prize . 
  selma was n't very peaceful . 
  they got met by some nice policemen . 
  or birmingham ... and lets not forger malcolm x. 
   the french state cooperated in this misery on several levels . 
  that 's why i do n't believe the bs when my govt tells me a war has to be started for freedom reasons . 
  do you drink that kool aid ? 
  because military conflicts can happen everywhere . 
   holocaust that happened partially with the help of french institutions . 
  yup . 
  we did n't have muscle compared to the germans ( i doubt many will say that those attrocities would have happened without german control ) . 
  and the jewish did n't have muscle compared to the vichy regime . 
   it is a bit odd you would point out us internment camps as a symbol of wwii oppression despite because people assume that if we wrote a couple of rules in a booklet and gave it a fancy name like constitution or declaration of human rights , then magic will happen . 
  nope . 
  it 's all muscle . 
  algeria did n't have muscle until it did . 
  iraq did n't have muscle ( but it did have wmds ) . 
   . but does n't mean i will stop calling out your blatant double standards . 
  do n't let that patriotism blind your judgement . 
  a war happens when there 's a declaration of war . 
  it 's `` just '' a military conflict . 
  tell me more about those muslim zombies wanting to destroy russia . 
   why are you specifically focusing on us actions during wwii ? 
  okay man , my bad . 
  segregation of black people up until the 60s . 
  until black people started getting organised and started protesting , they just got screwed around . 
  that beautifully drafted constitution that protected the rights of every individual , their freedoms . 
  that was n't for colored people . 
  muscle buys you freedom and rights are we fine now ? 
  that 's how military countries are . 
  it 's not like we 're better or the americans or the british . 
  no wonder the blacks got screwed a lot in war . 
  they 've got bigger dicks . 
  do you pee through one of those fake bridges . 
   ) oh god you 're funny . 
  tell me more man . 
  do n't stop . 
  this is hillarious . 
  uhm . 
  did anyone declare war in syria ? 
  okay so it 's not a war zone . 
  words have meanings . 
   nuclear warheads :  largely irrelevant . 
  okay , you 're a troll . 
  have a nice day . 
  uhm , i mean the americans that happened to have japanese roots , being sent to camps . 
  roubaix is a super shitty area . 
   what makes you think turkey needs nato ? 
  their military is bigger than germany 's and france 's combined , lol wuuut ? 
  http://uk.businessinsider.com/35-most-powerful-militaries-in-the-world-2014-7?r=us&amp;ir=t do you just count meat and tanks ? 
  armenia does n't have a military , turkey does n't have a democracy . 
  we all have faults . 
  the circle jerk is powerful with this one . 
  exactly . 
  if you have no muscles , your rights mean less than a fart in the wind . 
  look at guantanamo , japanese during ww2 etc etc. 
  i 'd argue that a plane that has no intention to strike is safer than a plane crashing on you . 
  greece and turkey violate their airspace on a daily basis for decades ( only slight exageration ) . 
  they 're not wrong . 
  they 're just assholes . 
  actually they do survive being ejected . 
  welp , we can expect some heavy retaliation from russia then . 
  they 're not super into human rights , not bombing civilians type of people . 
   i 'm not sure where you got that impression from . 
  they get paid below the median wage in romania . 
  i was told they get 400 euros . 
  fine . 
  raise their salaries to 400 euros so it fits the wages in france . 
   i do n't see how this is relevant here . 
  poor romanians are born in a poor country . 
  the median wage is 5 times less compared to france . 
  so it would only make sense for a doctor in romania to make 5 times less compared to a doctor in romania . 
  that 's life . 
   it would be a problem if someone were to force them to stay in romania . 
  why?if the state paid your education , you should n't bail your fellow countrymen . 
  did romania fail those med people ? 
  is the average romanian living a fabulous life while med students get only the left overs ? 
   they go through an educational system that their parents contribute to anyway ( you know , they pay taxes and all that ) ; again ** no ** . 
  if you have 0 kids you pay the same amount of money in taxes as someone that has 20 kids going through med school . 
  those parents paid taxes . 
  they did n't pay taxes for their kids . 
   if we can do this for engineering students , we can do it for medical students , too . 
  do you work for a state company ? 
  then that means your higher salary is based on the profit your company is making . 
  the day your company stops making profit , you 're out of a job . . doctors are people paid from the budget . 
  they stop getting paid only when the state goes belly up . 
  what stops you from joining a private health system in romania ? 
  will you get paid 2x or 3x ? 
  because at those rates , everybody will stop going to the doctor .
