  i dont . 
  make it a fucking law lesson but saying neah people should n't be taught something because for me its friggin obvious sounds like a stupid argument . 
  maybe you know the law , i dont . 
  how do you estimate how rare it is ? 
   how exactly would ` consent education ' have prevented it ? 
  by teaching kids that the other partner has to agree ? 
  and they have to be told what agreement is . 
  uhm , do you know the legal definition of consent ? 
  god knows i dont . 
  i dont even know if there is one . 
  oh , havent been there for a few months . 
   everybody already knows not to rape i read a story on cracked . 
  this super nice decent kid was dating this cute girl . 
  they go out a few times . 
  they kiss . 
  they go home sit on a couch , watch a movie . 
  kiss a bit more . 
  he gets horny and starts touching the girl . 
  he goes on and on . 
  when they finish she gets up , a few days later the kid gets called by school officials . 
  he failed to realise that the girl just froze . 
  she never consented . 
  he realised finally how big he fucked up . 
  this was n't a case of the girl acting all pure and shit . 
  she simply froze . 
  for this nice kid , such a consent lesson would have been soooo welcome . 
  but his christian education , he never got taught that . 
  rape is n't always a back alley woman screaming knife to the neck type of thing you know . 
  and russia is n't putin . 
  but the guys doing the pew pewing in syria are n't exactly random hassan and random svetlana from the turkish and russian population . 
  they got orders from higher ups close to their leaders . 
  you assume rape victims are rational . 
  they 've suffered abuse . 
  they can not think clearly and asses their situation . 
  it goes the same for a married rape victim . 
  it goes the same for a student that was raped . 
   really what is the purpose of such a seminar ? 
  what 's the point of work safety seminars at work ? 
  what 's the point of teaching kids how to put condoms on ? 
  since when putting a condom on is more complicated that the concept of consent ? 
   rape is a huge problem , but a fucking consent lecture - really ? 
  we teach our kids how to put on a condom . 
  why ca n't we teach them a few things about consent . 
  we teach them not to be bullies , not to be cruel to animals . 
  we can tell them what consent is too . 
  for this guy rapists are :  do you really think ** the kind of people who lacks empathy , respect and human decency ** to the point where they 'd violate someone 's body is really going to turn up to a consent lesson on a university campus ? 
  no dude . 
  it can be a drunk dumbass that fucked up . 
  shit like that happens . 
  read the story on cracked about a super decent guy that abused a girl without even knowing it . 
  the chick froze . 
  she fucking froze and didnt fight back when he was touching her . 
  he took that as consent . 
   when the people who try to address rape honestly , in all seriousness , claim that taking a drunk girl home after you met her in a pub is rape - and of your own drunkenness , belonging as it does to a male , means she is not raping you no matter what - and that she may be perfectly fine the next morning , even send you a couple of friendly texts , and in a couple weeks repent and go to the cops , no one with any sense can take the whole thing seriously . 
  you know the majority of rapes happen in a family setting right ? 
  and a lot of those women dont immediately go to the police , right ? 
  how dare they still stay married to a rapist ? 
  so we can either trust erdogan or putin ... 
  i 'm on the fence here . 
   or joining russia in crimea was around 41 % can you point to more than one poll ? 
   other thing thing we can do is keeping the pressure up so there are no concessions on ukraine situation for russia due to `` war against terrorism '' . 
  what we wont do is increase the pressure . 
  do you think russia will give you lands it supports and lands it owns because of current sanctions ? 
  i dont think so . 
   since general sentiment of it does not help issue in ukraine one bit . 
  that 's my belief . 
  until ukraine and georgia demand for referenduums under ocde supervision . 
  ask for a referendum !, 
   how about russia stops supporting separatist in eastern ukraine and take a step back on crimea and go to negotiations how ? 
  we can tell russia what it should do all day and all night . 
  but how do achieve that ? 
  am i saying it 's fair , normal , legal , just what happened to ukraine ? 
  nope . 
  people died . 
  that 's not cool at all . 
  but what do you do now ? 
  lets touch tubes man . 
  the french and the british like to sneak up on each other and cuddle a bit https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hms_vanguard_and_le_triomphant_submarine_collision, 
  are they in the european parlament ? 
   sdu which sd broke all ties at the same time , it makes super sense . 
  the arguments put forth by those sdus are so friggin retarded . 
  id dissociate from those people asap  but what if there 's 50 religions ... 
   they are the sdu , not the sweden democrats . 
  sd and sdu have nothing to do with eachother , as the sd is creating it 's own youth party right now which has nothing to do with sdu . 
  so the sd is going through what we 're calling a de-diabolisation . 
  just like the fn , they 're trying to clean up their act . 
  but a lot of their political activist base is still made up of extremists ( in the case of the fn ), 
  yet no one said : dude stfu . 
  they did n't cringe . 
  they were testing the waters . 
  their inner jokes , lingo , expressions , jargon was released to the world . 
  they cringed not because they 're ashamed of those actions but because someone from the outside knows . 
  * checks flair * it 's okay man . 
  you 're not a dirty romanian . 
  you 're probably a filthy croatian . 
  i 'm a lazy frenchman . 
   http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2015/03/20/one-year-after-russia-annexed-crimea-locals-prefer-moscow-to-kiev/ at the same time we have articles like this one . 
  they seem to be okay with the situation . 
  now with ukraine bombing electrical pylons , that surely wont help to convince local people to go back . 
  ukraine should offer a referendum that would be under ocde surveillance regarding independence of the rebel regions .
