   hold them responsible and accountable for what they 're doing . 
  how are we doing that ? 
   cultural racism is a thing , you know . 
  when you make a statement as to how shitty one country 's culture is , that 's plenty racist . 
  and aint nothing wrong with that . 
  not all cultures are created equally . 
  a culture that protects fgm is not an amazing culture . 
  you dont get to claim bull fighting is great because cultural reasons . 
  cultural racism isnt racism . 
  race doesnt exist . 
  cultures do exist and certain cultures are better and more accepting than others . 
  i was free to choose my culture , i was accepted and i strive to find more and discover . 
   as to how shitty one country 's culture is i didnt say it 's shitty . 
  i simply said french , italian , spanish , greek culture says more than swedish . 
  look at tourist stats if not convinced . 
  if americans just wan na nice beaches and warm weather , they 'd go to florida . 
  just like france gives out scholarships based on need because students coming from poorer places need to be helped , so goes for french radio and media . 
  there is value in the diversity brought by poor students studying ans there is value in the diversity brought by also having french songs at the radio . 
   even taken would n't qualify from your own criteria , btw . 
  it does not . 
  french can produce popular movies ... but they mostly need to be english . 
  which is sad . 
  french rap has been on a decline for a long time . 
  i would hardly say that booba represents any type of values or ideas . 
  also calm down , seems like you 're burst a vein or something . 
  exactly , they 're so attractive , every indian and chinese want to go there . 
  we need that here . 
   and how about if you removed all the code monkeys from google ? 
  how would it do ? 
  it would be a research institute . 
  is that bad ? 
   but that 's a very french thing to do to take a shit all over anyone that does n't qualify as a creative genius to your standards . 
  who did i shit on ? 
  did i say people not smarter than me should go fuck themselves ? 
  it is also very french to appreciate a good cuisine with a fine wine and dessert . 
  i appreciate good work no matter where it comes from . 
   the german model of apprenticeship is pretty smart and offers a sort of flexibility the more traditional academic world just does n't . 
  i 'm pretty sure it plays its part in both the german economy and engineering culture . 
   the latin fetish for academia has positives , it allows very smart people to thrive ... but let 's not pretend the output of the french higher education is as impressive as it think it is . 
  there are a lot of mediocre graduates that would have been better served by an apprenticeship . 
  ah the good ol' shitting on the others . 
  such a european trait . 
  the latins they 're just not down to earth . 
  the germans , they 're engineery . 
  a few years ago germany was revolutionising mathematics and physics . 
  it was the forefront of research . 
  lets get europe back there again . 
  france or germany can not build alone the next intel or ibm . 
  together they 've made airbus . 
  clearly we can make good shit . 
   but deriding the largest segment of any country is n't one of those things . 
  you believe intelligence is something static . 
  if people cant they just cant . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  if people are pushed and motivated , they can and they will . 
  okay there are limits but goddamn americans are proud for going on the moon arent they ? 
  they 're proud of making aircraft carriers , they 're proud of their research and unis ? 
  arent we proud of the lhc ? 
   what you do n't get is not everyone can `` create '' , in the sense you are talking about . 
  well with an equal population ( if not larger ) europe is lagging the us in terms of technology . 
  like i said several times here , you can not buy a european gpu . 
  that kinda bothers me ... doesnt it you ? 
  yeah yeah meat is important but c'mon . 
  my problem is that ibm 's watson is made in the us and europe is just a consumer . 
  lets produce ... 
   a good system of education will aim to optimize both tiers , of course . 
  a good system is always better than a bad system . 
  but currently i 'm bothered that i can not buy a european gpu , not that i can not find a european hand made duvet or whatever . 
   some people are perfectly happy doing physical labour or work in a shop etc. 
  more power to them . 
  yes it 's sad that europe is not going a good job training them if such is the case . 
  but its even sadder europe lacks a silicon valley . 
  it sucks that the main breakthroughs in computing are made in the us . 
  it sucks that except arm , the major cpu/gpu manufacturers are american . 
   trying to make all of your people part of those 5 % is stupid , and thus the other 95 % should n't be looked down upon , either . 
  i wan na improve , so i admire the the q percentile in front of me , not the 1-q behind me . 
  i try to be surrounded by people smarter than me . 
  europe isnt in lack of plumbers , welders and carpenters . 
  europe is in lack of a silicon valley . 
   instead today you end up with overqualified students having to suffer through those repetitive jobs anyway , so that they feel crushed by their failed expectations . 
  dreaming is fine , having impossible expectations is not . 
  thank you . 
  that 's my main point . 
  if you feel your job is shit and can do more : eff em and start your company . 
  do work that moves you , that gives you passion . 
  who cares if you 'll work your ass off or if you 'll fail once or twice . 
  go for it . 
  do according to your expectations . 
  if you think you can do more , ** do ** . 
  create . 
  that 's one thing that i admire about the american society compared to european , i have the impression they create more . 
  just look at silicon valley . 
  we dont have that in europe and we desperately need one . 
  the future is leaving us behind . 
  i have respect , but if i have a kid that wants to do great things , i wont tell them neah go for physical labor . 
  you can do it until you 're 45 after you 'll feel broken physically . 
  people need to be pushed . 
   regardless of his knowledge your position is now suspect because of your words . 
  what ? 
   if you think the kremlin is your ally then dismantle your nuclear deterrent , what ?
