  there 's no law saying you have to wash your dishes ... but i do n't think your spouse will appreciate that very much and i think you want her to continue being your spouse . 
   but helping him would screw another , much worse one . 
  hey . 
  voting le pen would screw over the euro which is actively stopping different eu countries from implementing their own measures to insure their economy performs better . 
  so helping her would screw over a much worse thing . 
  i 'm happy we agree on this topic then  and if europe can deal with lukashensko , they can deal with a democratically elected leader of france whomever she might be . 
  realpolitik , 
  it 's only words , and words are all i have to take your heart away, 
  oh we 're playing the realpolitik game and setting our values aside ? 
  are you sure you wan na play that game ? 
  because with french elections just around the corner the only thing stopping a certain candidate is `` values '' . 
   it 's not at all comparable to the comically disorganized and schizophrenic situation in the uk be that as it may , it was ridiculous to believe brexit wo n't happen , like many in / r/europe believed . 
   in regards to the referendum that had no legal obligations that 's a bunch of bull . 
  a ref is a ref ... we 've become so cynical after the 05 and the greeks refs that we start to believe that the voice of the people is just some kind of accesory thing that politicians might decide to ignore . 
   it 's worth mentioning that even if it 's true , it does n't mean that they actually intend to do it . 
  on / r/europe we debated for tens of threads if brexit will actually happen , ** after ** the friggin referendum . 
  we had threads with hundreds of comments and karma saying brexit wo n't happen a few months ago when there was a judge that said brexit has to go through parlament before ( oh btw , the bill passed a few days ago , not many people here were commenting on that ) . 
  meanwhile a paper saying something will happen , and people are 100 % convinced it will . 
   and while we can agree bat ` ka is a crooked bastard , we should still be open towards him / r/europe where we call english neo-nazis because 3 poles got beaten up but we claim that belarus is a country we should be open to . 
   during the cold war , the romanian communist dictator ceau\u0219escu opposed the communist soviet invasion of czechoslovakia . 
  it 's funny because in the end , except maybe albania , romania had the most oppressive communist regime out of all of eastern europe . 
   overthrow lukashenko and nothing of value was lost . 
   minimal wage is federal , not per land or city . 
  yeah . 
  it 's not like laws can be changed : /  min wage is not enough to live here , two is just above what you need =\\ you raise the wage in the surrounding areas so that people leave ... 70 % of 2 times minimum wage is a rent that 's higher than in paris . 
   yeah , let 's all expect companies to voluntarily raise salaries xd * facepalm * are you people allergic to minimum wage ? 
  you do n't wait for the company to raise salaries , you do it  . 
  are you / u/vertikal19 alter account or are germans simply raised to believe that the govt has no power and that companies are some magic all powerful beings ? 
   some companies are impossible to pursue to rise salaries ... hey i saw the vw scandal and how its impossible for the german govt to fine german companies that break the law . 
  but i mean c'mon ... 
  i 'm sure it 's not difficult to see when a company underpays its staff . 
  you get a nice piece of paper with a sum of money and in your bank account you get transfered that same amount . 
  and if you do n't get that amount , you call the police . 
   you do know we literally introduced that one ? 
  i do know . 
  do you ? 
  because i doubt it when you comment this :  because the state is not in control of salaries . 
  & nbsp ;  that wo n't help with munich though . 
  minimum wage per economic sector groups , per geographic areas etc etc etc. 
  honestly the sky 's the limit when your problem is about how to raise salaries . 
  raise it the surrounding areas of munich . 
  build infrastructure in other parts . 
   because the state is not in control of salaries . 
  ever hear of a thing called minimum wage ? 
  try it man . 
  it 's awesome . 
   unfortunately `` lowering value-added tax '' wo n't lower our rent , which in places like m\u00fcnchen can take up to 70 % of salary so why not ... you know ... raise salaries ? 
   others spying on us is nothing we can prevent with laws . 
  wait what ? 
  so i can hack into german peoples accounts and i wo n't have any problems from germany ? 
  you wo n't send an arrest warrant to france ? 
  : o holy fuck man , why did n't you say so ? 
   foreign intelligence agencies are n't bound by our laws as long as they do n't operate inside our territory ( and even then its complicated ) . 
  oh man , i so wish you 'd install your servers in poland . 
   allowing our intelligence agencies to take part is a legal grey area . 
  of course . 
  when something 's bad but i get benefits , it 's a legal grey area . 
  like france selling arms to saudi arabia . 
   we have literally 17 offices for the protection of the constitution whos job it is to make sure nobody fcks with it apparently you need 18 offices https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/nov/29/german-loophole-allows-bnd-agency-spy-own-people, 
   the laws in question are fundamental rights granted through our constitution . 
  well how are they a right of your agencies can hire someone else to spy on you then gather the data from them ? 
  how is that not an infringement ? 
  i 'm very happy for your very nice laws , i find it highly hypocritical that you can spy on me though . 
   `` the german people therefore acknowledge inviolable and inalienable human rights as the basis of every community , of peace and of justice in the world . '', 
  am i not part of my community ? 
  are you not infringing upon my human rights by mass spying ? 
  and do not say that those right only apply to germans . 
  we know how that was dealt with in the past . 
   there 's is an eternity clause to some parts of our basic law well your laws are faulty if they allow others to spy on your citizens and the bnd to recuperate the data . 
  so you did n't have any type of organic laws similar to the present ones before that era ? 
  where were those laws some 70 years ago ? 
   it would prove to be very problematic regarding our basic law . 
  that 's some kind of hypocritic bullshit . 
   and our basic law is essentially as powerful as a god in the legal world . 
  all laws can be changed   the agency , known by its german acronym bnd , is not usually allowed to intercept communications made by germans or german companies , but a former bnd lawyer told parliament this week that citizens working abroad for foreign companies were not protected . 
  see how much you 're fucking your own laws , 
   this is purely a problem of out of controll intelligence agencies circumventing laws to spy on german citizens . 
  they seem quite successful . 
   this reliance would n't change . 
  because our intelligence agencies are legally prohibited to collect data of germans , they can only get this data `` second hand '' . 
  is there a higher power that forbids you to change your laws ? 
  like god or bismarck ? 
   this also is n't military budget . 
  is there a higher power that forbids you to change your laws ? 
  like god or bismarck ? 
   aside from this being a `` give and take '' deal with the nsa , you 're spying on your own fucking companies . 
  what kind of circus are you running over there ? 
  do you understand the concept of shooting yourself in the foot ? 
  you should ... you 're german . 
   but i am not sure if the rest of europe especial france and britain would be ok with . 
  germany would have the biggest military budged in europe if we come close to 2 % of gdp if i am not mistaken . 
  i 'm more bothered by the fact that germany has to spy on [ the french president for the nsa ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32529277 ) or that they [ have to spy on the industrial giant that is airbus , again for the nsa ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/apr/30/airbus-could-sue-following-allegations-germany-spied-on-them-for-the-us ) because they are absolutely dependent on nsa capabilities . 
  investing 2 % might mean that germany finally gets a backbone ? 
   if whole europe wants to compete the south has either to accept that they live on tourism and their children working in foreign factories , or germany has to start some kind of massive marshallplan to help building up industry uproad . 
  another economics major from the university of the caf\u00e9 downstairs ? 
  hello fellow alumni !, 
  if you do , we 'll through in corsica for free . 
  hamon2017 !, 
     italy is an amazing country but its no accident that its gdp has hardly grown at all over the last 20 years . 
  there 's italy , greece , spain , portugal , now finland , france is falling behind and so are the netherlands .
