  and after 240 ad not much happened either . 
  in 260 , an edict was written to accept xtians and that lasted for about 40 years . 
  actually diocletian was a bit more rough , but that started in 303 . 
  and in 313 xtianity was declared a tolerated religion by constantine . 
  so i 'm all for mythology but claiming xtians suffered a huge deal during the roman period is a massive rewrite of history . 
  thousands killed ? 
  sure that sounds awful . 
  but is was the antiquity man . 
  and that spanned 300 years . 
  more xtians died of natural causes during than period than persecution . 
  remember , the victors write the history books ', 
   yes because europe is a bastion for jew-friendlyness . 
  yup . 
  regular people and authorities are jewish friendly . 
  they 're welcome and appreciated . 
  and citizens of europe . 
   i did n't play any antisemitic card because of criticizing the israeli government you called europe anti-semitic with basically 0 proof . 
  you called european media anti-semitic because they criticise the israeli colonisation of west bank . 
  so yeah you played the anti-semite card . 
   . well done explaining the palestinian position you know : palestinians and israelis deserve each other . 
  they 're like the abusive couple every neighbour hates . 
  you just love the drama you create . 
  one punches the other and the other slaps the first . 
  you love the drama , you 're perfect for each other . 
  you dont want to fix everything because normalcy is boring for you guys . 
  scratch your eyes out who gives a shit . 
  the international community is just munching on that pop-corn, 
  i 'm just asking : can an anti-semitic people create a country if they so choose to ? 
  lets face it , the world is full of shitty people . 
  if they dont attack israel , everything should be ok . my opinion : yes . 
  anti-semitic people have the right to create ttheir country . 
  and it 's everybody 's business to protect independent states that are pacifists . 
  from israel to whatever . 
   israel is the jewish state , that is supposed to protect jews from antisemitism and give them a homeland , self-determination and protection , so no , i 'm not making a difference - neither are most jews . 
  then you dont know most jewish . 
  that type of `` the jewish people = israel '' bullshit simply no longer flies in europe . 
  stop playing the anti-semitic card when people call bibi retarded . 
  it 's just sad . 
   . sure . 
  that happens . 
  ca n't comare it to what happens in palestine though . 
  of course . 
  when my people kill others that 's awesome . 
  when others kill my people that 's a tragedy . 
  where 's the empathy ? 
   even if it 's irrational , i would n't feel comfortable where people felt it was acceptable to chant this . 
  do swedish think it 's acceptable to chant that ? 
  mentioning raoul wallenberg is relevant . 
  it shows that the swedish are dedicated to protecting other human beings , jewish included . 
  so is it regularly defaced or not ? 
  okay . 
  does an anti-semitic people have the right to create a country ? 
  iran exists . 
  ksa exists , so the answer seems to be yes . 
   cause when that cause celebrates the murder of innocent jewish civilians - en masse . 
  do you want people to start citing the israeli politicians that declared they killed arabs ? 
  dude did you call europe anti-semite ? 
  wow . 
  1940s much ? 
  can you make the difference between israel and the jewish ? 
   where is the percentage at ? 
  i dont know nor do i care . 
  is love for israel the criterion for which we declare when a people can become a country ? 
  because in that case we should start invading quite a few middle eastern countries . 
  i doubt palestine would be worse than ksa or iran , really . 
  the only criterion in my book : the right for self-determination . 
  every people should have that right . 
  israelis * and * palestinians . 
  again . 
  there 's nothing wrong . 
  just that turkey is non-european . 
  hence my nobody can hear you scream . 
   undermines my point ... not so much we 'll agree to disagree . 
  the beating of the femen while shocking and condemnable has nothing to do with the organizers of the conference . 
  they got a few punches when they took a shit in the notre dame too . 
  it 's sad that that happens but i wouldnt say that every woman will get beaten up in the notre dame . 
   not much has changed . 
  again we 'll agree to disagree . 
  i went to sporting events and didnt do what some idiot told me to do and got smacked . 
  did i associate that event with sporting event , no . 
  i just left and told the authorities . 
   i think anyone looking objectively at the events i was simply explaining that it was not a conference about how to beat up women . 
  the talk was no about that . 
  those are facts . 
  after whatever interpretations we want to give , it 's a free internet , i can not tell you what to think , i can only present facts , which you can not argue with . 
   malcolm x was n't an idiot we 'll agree to disagree . 
   what 's wrong with that country ? 
  muslims ? 
  are you asking what 's non-european with that country ? 
  yeah islam is one thing . 
  language , culture , the alphabet , form of governance . 
  many non-european things . 
  are there many post 1900s mosques in europe . 
  did they influence the arts or architecture ? 
   yeah , sorry , there was a conference on whether it 's okay to beat your wife . 
  in france . 
  ** no , it was n't about beating women ** . 
  femen leader said it was about beating up or not your woman . 
  what was actually being said was : muslims should behave like the prophet . 
  earlier he said that the prophet never hit his woman and was never served by his woman .
