  they 're all smudged like that, 
  that 's like 3 . 
  turkey 's in the corner . 
  either watching ... or maybe participating in some pederasty with greece ? 
   right in front of us . 
  we should promote lesbian sex . 
  so ... what video do you have right in front of you ? 
  splitting hairs much ? 
  she was killed because of her views . 
  she was n't killed because she was a random person . 
  and being a public figure does carry a high risk . 
   like nothern bukovina whats the point of that ? 
  the vast majority of people living there are n't romanians . 
  it 's called desperation . 
  they know the result to they 're giving one last hail marry maybe things will change . 
  it wont . 
  a royal french hair cut ? 
  yeah heard that for the past 20 years . 
  do n't get all bitter , 
  dude do n't get salty cuz remain will win . 
  be a good sport and shush it , 
  did you confuse negociation power with special treatment ? 
  some were :p, 
   filled with coockies my thrusters sword that [ cookie dough can be extremely dangerous . 
  ] ( http://www.discovery.com/tv-shows/mythbusters/videos/biscuit-bullet/ ), 
  it clearly is sexism on the part the eu !, 
   we 'll be much better off outside the eu . 
  with the vote in 2 days and a tie , that means the status quo will win . 
   we want out . 
  again , no , no you dont and you 'll see it thursday . 
  mark my words . 
   it does n't mean he was senile . 
  should have seen his last speeches . 
  he was senile . 
   those who want to leave do n't want special treatment except that they do ... maggie asking for her money back . 
  that 's called wanting special treatment . 
  either way the brexit will go bust in 2 days and you guys can move on . 
  the same can be said by the 45 years of communism . 
  but he did n't seem to be bothered by that tiny little aspect . 
  of course not . 
  that 's a very obscure piece of trivia . 
  next you 'll ask me where manhattan is . 
  til, 
  yeah , except occitania was far larger . 
  that would be like parisians thinking they 're basically france . 
  do you want to be parisian like ? 
  pro tip for someone that spent time on reddit : do n't bother arguing this . 
  you have two types : * people who think the us is the promised land in terms of free speech and the fact that you can verbally harass women that go to planned parenthood is wonderful * people who do n't really give a shit and are very much okay with how laws are in europe . 
  this a website by americans populated in its vast majority by americans . 
  we all have somewhat pro-american views , like it or not , we 're capable in english , we eat up hollywood movies , we know us memes etc etc. 
  but in europe that vast vast majority of people do n't give a flying shit about hate speech laws , and they 'll stay in the state they are for a long long time . 
  so you can waste energy debating something that will not change in decades at least ... or you can do more useful things like check out dank memes, 
   if some muslims truly believe that gays ought to be killed , then i want to know . 
  do you also want to ban right wing christians ? 
  we have quite a few that spew bs against gays . 
  if it helps , i love switzerland ... the french part . 
  ( the italian part ai n't that bad either ) . 
   shed a lot of light on the dark spots of history he was already senile . 
  he was blabbering and during his trial he was just saying how the court was not legal . 
  he 'd be just as useful as saddam hussein . 
  and iliescu , what do you want ceausescu to say ? 
  he was sent to iasi to be shelved ... he could n't have said anything . 
  he did the right thing . 
  a dictator has to be removed quickly from the equation , especially one that can no longer help shed light on the dark spots of history . 
   likewise , cherry picked statistics and facts can just as easily be used ( and are being used ) to fuel populism . 
  i like how you changed your comment from * statistics and facts * to * cherry picked statistics and facts * . 
  you admit that you can present stats and facts that are not cherry picked , you can not present an idividual without cherry picking him . 
   we are talking about journalism ( or media in general ) , and how it serves the public . 
  read your first comment where you talk about society and public discourse . 
   tl ; dr - dehumanizing groups of people is not good journalism . 
  be that as is may , like / u/nounhud said , in a society , choices have to be made . 
  like it or not funds and resources are limited and as such we do live in an utilitarian society . 
  when you are in a position of power you have to decide what 's best . 
  and presenting cherry picked stories to swing popular opinion one way or the other is crass populism and pandering to your demographic . 
   not entirely relevant maybe not at all relevant ? 
  one 's a country , the other an organisation where countries are free to leave very easily and quickly . 
  it 's 10 years in fergie time . 
  because it might cause a chain reaction making other countries quit ( denmark , netherlands , some eastern european countries ) . 
  returning to a smaller leaner eu might mean that federalisation is more feasible . 
  now it 's just a mess with everyone wanting special treatment in their own area . 
   i remember you saying de gaulle was right to reject the uk . 
  de gaulle was hardly a eurosceptic . 
  he simply had the foresight to realise that the uk will never settle in an organisation that they did not participate in creating . 
  what a beautiful speech . 
   including a human element to the story that shows what life and circumstances are for some of those people is a good journalistic contribution . 
  i 'm sure if you go to / r/european on their threads where they present articles about refugees raping girls in austrian public pools , and make this statement you will get a nice big karma boost . 
  like it or not , it is a problem about numbers . 
  by cherry picking the example that most fits your narrative ( either that refugees are all young women that speak nearly impecable english and just want to come and study and prosper or that refugees are all young horny males , ready to bash homosexuals and rape women ) you are presenting what is essentially a lie by omission . 
   fact ? 
  we do n't need facts !, 
  of course we need facts . 
  here are some facts : * 2 out of the 10 were legit refugees . 
  they came in with ** fake ** passports and were just casually let in . 
  * at least 2 terrorists that were eu citizens were confirmed to have taken the refugee route since they were in police databases . 
   and both of them were eu citizens 2 out of the 7 were legit refugees . 
  we will never have their real names . 
   can you name any high-level eu politicians who want the uk to leave ? 
  besides marine le pen  . 
  but okay that 's her ideology . 
  by having enough i mean not pandering to uk like orban did with feel good messages .
