  actually it was napoleon that first enacted jewish emancipation laws ( some of the first laws in europe that allowed the jewish to live outside of ghettos ) . 
  the russian orthodox patriarch declared napoleon to be the new anti-christ because of that . 
   well , it is only consequence of how jews behaved towards us . 
  we definitely did not start that deterioration . 
  so it 's always the other party that is guilty . 
   a part of explanation , why west has this false `` cultural attitude '' is because simply you can lose your job and career if you speak out loudly , noble winners included . 
  we are simply trying to create ( those in the west that believe in such a thing , because not all westerners are created equal , many are shit-heads ) that in order to have a peaceful co-habitation , a certain respect of other people needs to be put in place . 
  it 's only normal to have a professional attitude at your job . 
  your company does n't pay you for your views on whatever topic . 
   as long as you adapt and integrate into romanian society that 's what even the extreme right says in france . 
  as long as you adapt and integrate , you will be fine . 
  the problem : wtf means to adapt and integrate ? 
  apparently dont build mosques , dont build kebab shops , etc. 
  so that minor `` adapt and integrate '' condition becomes a perfect excuse to discriminate . 
  okay i understand where you 're coming from . 
  you 're just outraged . 
  no solutions to anything , just outrage . 
   politicians become politicians exactly so they can take elected seats in order to sign said authorizations , laws , orders , plans , actions all figures of power are politicians , not all politicians hold power . 
  that 's the confusion . 
  then ask for the mayor to resign . 
  not all `` politicians '' or whatever . 
   patently false . 
  https://mybyzantine.wordpress.com/2010/11/24/a-new-evaluation-of-byzantium-and-the-ottoman-empire/ wait !!!, 
  turkish believe they 're the rightful heirs of the byzantine empire ? 
  omg that ** is ** awesome . 
  what next ? 
  americans living in the us are the rightful heirs of the amerindian tribes ? 
  dude . 
  what was the religion of the byzantine empire ? 
  what was the art produced by the byzantine empire ? 
  the language ? 
  the writing ? 
  claiming that the ottomans were nothing but invaders is a rewriting of history ( which the turkish are famous for -  see armenian genocide ) . 
   from tavla , raki to the music , the ottomans were heavily influenced by byzantium . 
  yes and ? 
  they 're not the heirs of the byzantines . 
  you can not claim common heritage . 
  the turkish now are a turk people . 
  the byzantine empire is more than music and a board game . 
  it was a culture that heavily influenced eastern europe . 
  what is the writing system in ee ? 
  which is a european alphabet . 
  what is the religion ? 
  orthodox christians . 
  what was the architecture ? 
  byzantine style churches . 
  what was the art produced ? 
  byzantine icons . 
  when the ancestors of the current day turkish arrived , the transformed the sophia cathedral into a mosque and erased the paintings . 
  how can you destroy a culture and claim now you 're its rightful heir ? 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_art look at those paintings ? 
  that can not exist in the ottoman empire because it is against islam ... 
  the new religion . 
  art in the ottoman empire and islam is more geometry based . 
  shapes and formes . 
  calligraphy is very important . 
  floral patterns . 
   mehmed ii was titled caesar of rome , and recognized as such by the patriarch . 
  i bet you will now say that `` emergerd that is illegitimate because the other europeans said so '' . 
  he titled himself that man :d goddamn you 're funny . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caesar_%28title%29 lets look in details :  mehmed claimed the title of `` caesar '' of rome ( kayser-i r\u00fbm ) , although this claim was not recognized by the patriarch of constantinople , or christian europe . 
  well that settles that . 
  also after you invade and sack constantinople and it was a sack :  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fall_of_constantinople  30,000 enslaved or deported so you guys enslaved 30k during after the invasion and you claim cultural rights after . 
   i once again fail to see your point , there is plenty of turkish art , and the ottomans influenced the rest of europe just like the rest of europe influenced them . 
  these are just some examples . 
  cultural influences happen . 
  look at spain . 
  i also watch american movies and speak english and listen to american music . 
  that does not make me american . 
  i am not arguing cultural influences didnt happen . 
  i am simply arguing that the ottoman empire and by extension turkey is not a european country . 
  its values , imagery , cultural products , religion was not significantly by what was happening in europe . 
  maybe some day if they continue with ataturk 's reforms , have a majority of people that are no longer muslim then they can start being considered as part of europe as other countries . 
  i do not know what 'll happen in 300 years . 
  but the state if things is very different nowadays and the gap deepens as turkey gets closer to its islamic values . 
   christianity originated in israel yeah cuz christianity is all about jesus . 
  that 's rich . 
  christianity all started with constantine . 
  it had a main center in rome . 
  it was moved to constantinople . 
  everything that was interesting with christianity was happening in europe . 
  just like the interesting things with islam were happening in the middle east and not europe . 
   you are constantly saying `` europeans want this '' and `` europeans want that '' , with no sources . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/05/27/us-germany-turkey-poll-iduskbn0e71jq20140527 69 % of germans opposed to turkey joining the eu . 
   http://www.valeursactuelles.com/monde/europe-les-francais-disent-non-a-la-turquie-43212 80 % of the french by a study done by ifop . 
   also : argumentum ad populum you are part of a culture if people who are of that culture decide that yeah you too are of that culture . 
  it 's like a club . 
  it is the europeans who decide who is european . 
   `` people do n't think turks are europeans '' or `` ottomans were disliked by most of europe 300 years ago therefore not european '' more like 100 years ago . 
  i 'm guessing you didnt get the job then : /, 
   turkey spoke indo-european languages before they got turkified by invading tribes . 
  yes . 
  the byzantine empire was a heritage of the roman empire . 
  the ottoman was n't a heritage of the byzantine . 
   i fail to see how this is relevant . 
  because you fail to see how important culture is to the identity of a people . 
  europeans from portugal to russia share common artistic periods . 
  you only realise the difference when you move from one culture to another . 
   so a big muslim country makes you uncomfortable ? 
  nope , it 's simply non-european .
