   considering that they enrolled the priests as securitate informers , it was n't that bad yeah . 
  it 's not like my great uncle got sent to the canal because he was a priest . 
  that never happened . 
  dude stick your bs where the sun does n't shine . 
  yup . 
  people from former french colonies tend to come to france and people from british ones come to uk . 
  who gives benefits to illegals ? 
  yeah . 
  who the fuck is chopin ? 
   politicians do is talk about religion maybe it 's because of this ? 
  you and / u/lupatine make it seem like it 's all we 're focusing about when that simply is n't the case . 
  ah much better . 
  oppression of the religious was also significant during communism . 
   i refuse to believe it , in romania while probably fewer than in other countries there are more than 1 % atheists but they are hidden 1 % or 5 % does it really matter much ? 
   just so we talk about the hijab in college or the burkin meh . 
  it 's a marginal topic . 
  talking about the removal of citizenship for terrorists was way more massive . 
  luckly they did n't have a vote to leave !, 
  considering how russia is russia , it 's probably not hard to go out and meet a porn star in real life . 
   but we do not for the eurozone and realistically will not be able to in the following years well let 's see . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euro_convergence_criteria#fulfillment_of_criteria the economical criteria deficit under 3 % and debt under 60 % seem to be fulfilled . 
  the only thing that remains is your parlament passing legislation . 
  it takes more than 3 years to pass legislation in romania ? 
  is it that complicated ? 
  in reality , it is not in your best interest to join the euro and it 's not in france 's interest for you to join schengen ( due to the gypsy problem you have n't fixed ) . 
  so maybe next time you guys should drop the `` the west is so mean to us ... eurovalues '' bs . 
   we 'll join the euro once the economy allows us to the economy already allows you to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euro_convergence_criteria#fulfillment_of_criteria budget deficit under 3 % , debt under 60 % . 
  it 's all a legal matter now , you just have to peg the leu to euro and do some other legal bs . 
  you just refuse to because it 's not in your best interest . 
  just like it 's not in france 's best interest to allow your poor people to move here . 
   fuckface do n't get too salty man , you might might burst a artery and you might have a hard time finding any doctors left in romania . 
  i am just exposing the hypocrisy of the arguments used by some romanians . 
  schengen : boooo let us in !, 
  it 's xenophobic to not let us in . 
  we 're all european guys !!!, 
  eurozone : yeah ... we 'll just wait a bit on the side line guys . 
   a few dick pics never killed no body technically , you 're right . 
  that 's just what my dad used to say . 
  but as he was showing me the photo album , i still feel like a part of me died that day . 
  gurl , it 's time i get realpolitik with you . 
  you got ta find yourself better men : /, 
  tmi : /, 
   ( and if you really want to send hot pics , use self-destructing messages ! ) . 
  or go to / r/gonewild and learn how people do it over there !, 
  no stuff that can identify you . 
   got ta keep up plausible deniability . 
  or you ask for your partner to reciprocate and you apply the mad policy . 
   i 'm not really going to google that . 
  incognito mode . 
  do they have a salle \u00e0 fist ? 
   he 's ready to do everything for it is not illegal . 
  if they define what `` everything '' is explicitly then they can be accused of being a threat to public security , inciting to commit violent acts etc. 
  look at the map of what uk cities agree that foreign presence is a good thing . 
  then reread your comment . 
   arificially grow muscle tissue is it ? 
  yeah that 's paris in a nutshell . 
  everything and everyone sucks but transportation is easy available , architecture and parks are nice and you have a fait amount of educational institutes . 
   britis so london = = great britain ? 
   vegetarians wont have any arguements against meat consumption and i meant that people wo n't stop eating animal meat because lab meat is not muscle . 
  they ca n't grow that . 
  so they 'll still complain . 
  they ca n't grow muscle so it 's all pretty much pointless . 
   once meat will be created in a lab in a large scale all their arguments will diminish . 
  i do n't eat a ton of ground meat so lab meat wo n't change my life . 
  :d fn 2027 is looking more and more likely ... 
  so much of reddit is explained by that , man . 
  cuz i mean the logics of internet comment connecting to terrorists attacks just are n't there . 
  and usually people that bring up terrible events that have no connection to the discussion , i notice , come from not so stable households . 
  they have emotional and anger issues . 
  if you can find a doctor still left in romania , you should get treatment , 
   labeling such a statement with `` xenophobia '' is probably why your country has so many terrorist attacks lately . 
  where to ? 
  yeah considering that you guys will slowly join armies with the germans that 's highly illusory . 
  they 're the hair gel suppliers . 
  still keeping the comment . 
  your logic is too fawlty . 
  yeah . 
  bloody events tend to sync up like that . 
   we 've far less corruption on the lower side of society than countries like italy or romania well that 's the corruption people notice day in day out . 
  giving money to a professor for better grades , giving money to a doctor for the consultation , giving money to the train controllers so you do n't have to buy a ticket . 
  slipping a bill to the cops when they stop you . 
  these are the things you notice . 
  yeah play the xenophobia game instead of admitting reality : romania and bulgaria were absolutely not ready economically speaking and also regarding corruption . 
  but in the eu , politics trumps everything ... no need to get salty . 
   giving your organs when you are dead does not endanger your life ( obviously ) and can save someone , so i think it could be covered by this law so you send dead bodies to prison ? 
  awesome logic . 
  thank you . 
  very useful comment . 
   i doubt that if the euro did n't exist the franc would be being devaluated now , huh ? 
  the franc would have been devaluated . 
  that 's obvious . 
  https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/d\u00e9valuations_du_franc_fran\u00e7ais de gaulle devaluated 3 times . 
  2 times him . 
  considering that because the crisis our debt increased by a significant amount it 's ridiculous to claim that a devaluation would n't have taken place . 
   i just find interesting that usually those quickly to dismiss the euro in france like le pen til stiglitz is a le pen voter . 
  why are people being so irrational regarding this topic . 
  it 's clear as day . 
  the eurozone is not an optimum currency area . 
  is it because the experts are saying it and they should n't be trusted ? 
  that 's not the definition of stronger though ...
