  everything is too recent to declare what happened . 
  but , a kamikaze women blew herself up , it caused the floor to sink . 
  and the police said they had a lot of arms . 
  we 'll have to see what they policemen say . 
  before you intervened , i was having a different discussion with another romanian that the eu has different standards for different country . 
  well we want a one speed europe , dont we ? 
  lets see how well we do . 
  so tell me , if a fire starts in a club in iasi , how many patients with 3rd degree burns can such a big city of romania treat on the spot ? 
   in any case , you do n't go from 0 to 100 without reaching 60 first , and while there is still a whole lot to do in order to reach western standards , it 's getting there . 
  well ask the op then . 
  he 's complaining about a 3 speed eu . 
   not really the same thing , is n't it ? 
  well if norway were to want to join the eu , do you think they 'd face the same issues ? 
  and did romania fix its corruption cases by 2007 ? 
  and should we look at the highway network ? 
  how many corruption cases there ? 
  how are the highways in romania ? 
  and lets compare a poor region or france pas-de-calais . 
  with vaslui . 
  one speed europe . 
  they should look the same should n't they ? 
  are you victimising yourself ? 
  i 'm just saying the conditions for bin laden 's arrest are n't so clear cut . 
  do you disagree ? 
  was the agent that shot bin laden in doubt about the fact the he was carrying a gun ? 
  what was his analysis of the situation ? 
  i am curious . 
   we were n't delayed , we did n't limp anywhere . 
  romania and bulgaria were threatened to be delayed . 
  that is no doubt about it , it was well known . 
  and :  ** while both countries were admitted , concerns about corruption and organised crime were still high . 
  ** as a result , although they joined , they were subject to monitoring from the commission through a mechanism for cooperation and verification ( cvm ) . 
  it was initially set up for three years but has continued indefinitely and although it has highlighted the corruption and applied some pressure to continue reforms , it has not succeeded in forcing the two countries to complete reforms and corruption persists . 
   who wanted to be part of the eu due to cultural reasons mostly . 
  so lets let in moldova . 
  they 're basically romanians , right ? 
  culture is the only reason countries should be accepted in the eu . 
  a known armed guy that resists arrest ? 
  i dunno about you , but the life of a french policeman or american spec ops are more important than any terrorist . 
   huge difference between the romania of 2007 and the romania of 2015 , if you ask me . 
  eastern romania too ? 
  how many burn centers in iasi ? 
  a city of 400k people ? 
  how about the stadium in bucharest ? 
  how much did it cost ? 
  i 'll be * that * guy . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_osama_bin_laden#killing_of_bin_laden in the case of the assassination of bin laden , the case seems murky at best . 
  we had conflicting accounts . 
   bin laden was found cowering and shot dead . 
  was he assassinated or was he killed in a gun fight ? 
  because those things are n't similar . 
  were any special security guys in danger or could they have extracted him ? 
  in this case , a kamikaze woman blew herself up and he resisted arrest . 
  of course romania is doing fine . 
  it exported its unemployed to spain , italy , france . 
  go unto the world c\u0103p\u0219unarilor . 
  but send money back when you come in august . 
  oh , we 'll also mock you . 
  how many are living abroad ? 
  3 + million romanians . 
  birth rate is plummeting . 
  protests left and right . 
  if you find an area as shitty as that one in france , i 'll bring you some croissants . 
  you can show all the wonderful stats you want . 
  romania has one of the fastest internet connections in the world ... 
  if you live in the city . 
  if you live in the country side ? 
  you dont have running water and you carry water with a bucket from the fountain . 
  until further notice , romania needs the eu more than france needs it . 
   if you ask me , the entire idea of a country 's democratically-elected leaders needing permission from a non-elected foreign body to make decisions about their own budgetary proces , is just completely ridiculous is n't that technically what the imf is doing to anyone bold enough to borrow money from them ? 
  and how much was that eu accession delayed ? 
   the eu delayed romania and bulgaria 's eu membership by nearly three years amid deep concerns about their failure to crack down on organised crime and corruption - and fears about their criminal justice systems . 
   http://www.rferl.org/content/article/1062404.html 3 + years . 
  the 2007 was about to be pushed futher in the future :  https://euobserver.com/enlargement/14551 romania limped into the eu with everybody just going , meh they 'll fix their problems once in the eu . 
  and in 2007 , romania fulfilled all the conditions to enter the eu ? 
   btw lets invent 3 speed europe now was france at the same level as romania and i missed something . 
  hijacking this . 
  it 's been confirmed . 
  oh there are more nuggets :  http://www.lepoint.fr/societe/attentats-de-paris-le-pere-du-kamikaze-samy-amimour-se-confie-au-point-fr-18-11-2015-1982789_23.php they took his passport and id cards and was barred from leaving france . 
  he just made a declaration that his documents were lost and got a new id . 
  le pen is having a field day . 
   furthermore , the whole nation-state bullshit was a foreign concept to arabs . 
  so we reach an important step . 
  you said the brits told the hashemites they 'll give them the middle east . 
  and you claim if such a thing had been succeeded , the middle east would be peaceful now . 
  what i dont understand is : 1 ) the hashemites were n't the democratic representatives of all the people living in the middle east . 
  like you say , the middle east is a mix of different people . 
  besides the arabs there are other people too , kurds ( yazidis et al ) . 
  there are many divisions too . 
  tribes were still ( and are still very important ) . 
  even if you say the west is bad and did n't want for the middle east to unite , you still forget to mention that in 1925 , an arabic tribe , the saudis remove the hashemites from hejaz ) . 
  you will say : but but the saudis were a british dominion . 
  well the hashemites should have known that in 1916 . 
  clearly this shows that beforehand , the middle eastern arabs were not that united to begin with . 
  2 ) sykes picot lasted only for 30 years . 
  in 1946 , france quits lebabon and lebanon is independent . 
  syria also becomes independent . 
  jordan becomes independent . 
  why dont they unite ? 
  3 ) the past is the past .
