  i can point to uk and tiny exocet ( frenc made rockets ) problem you guys had during the falkland wars . 
  guess who provided a bit of technical help to the argentinians before the war started ? 
  that pissed the iron lady a bit . 
  and i can point out to the recent spying uk and germany perform on its european partners for the us . 
  neah it 's just click-bait from politico . 
  it uses this as a source : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/08/cameron-brexit-will-increase-risk-of-europe-descending-into-war/ where cameron simply states that uk and european history are intertwined . 
  let 's see what his speech is before we start freaking out ... 
   give us back sud tirol . 
  darn i bet you feel silly now for starting that war ... 
   the common german on the street yeah but it 's not them that are doing the spying . 
  [ except a random turkish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mehmet_ali_a%c4%9fca ), 
  to be fair , probably a lot of those warnings are emitted . 
   us krauts are particularly humorless when it comes to our privacy except when it 's about big eu corporations . 
  are they isis like the isis russia kills ? 
  now do n't get pissed cuz those two countries are irrelevant . 
  just do n't try to pass them as beacons of light in europe cuz that 's both pathetic and ridiculous at the same time . 
   for another comparison of federalism i would like to give you two examples : yugoslavia and the soviet union . 
  both had a very strong deficiency of democracy , and they both failed . 
  the federation that juncker wants to build is more like yougoslavia or the soviet union , than the usa . 
  i do n't want that . 
  wow ... some people are clueless . 
   as long as opinions seem to vary greatly from country to country that 's why the eu needs to shed weight . 
  a lot of countries are in the eu even though they basically have no business being there . 
  they bring little or nothing to the table . 
  their votes also carry too much weight per capita wise . 
  i doubt even the extreme far right or donald trump want to close borders . 
   democracy is ... not being allowed to vote how you want ? 
  ever heard of rechtsstaat ? 
  you can vote for friggin hitler ( like many did ) and you can vote for people that are extreme right , but that does n't make that vote exceptional since austria and denmark are waltzing with retarded politicians . 
  we can simply look at the danish law that will confiscate the goods of asylum seekers to pay for their stay . 
  wtf ? 
  how is that rule of law when they confiscate your shit . 
  politically they 're backwaters . 
   had real democracy and transparency before oh yes . 
  the lighthouse of democracy that are denmark and austria . 
  bastions of free thinking and liberty that vote extreme right . 
  god why do we use things made by brown people ? 
  yeah but it 's not like the us has open borders or anything ( except with canada a bit ) . 
  those situations are vastly vaaaastly different . 
  heck a ton of leftists are for sovereignty because the eu is the neo-liberal satan . 
  hey some good might come off it . 
  maybe they 'll force all of us in a section of the plane . 
  we 're a pretty quiet bunch so we 'd like that . 
  what kind of hotels did you stay ? 
  big chains like ibis ? 
  i usually stay in hotels that are local but every time i had a bidet . 
  i was surprised but the regularity of it all . 
  http://www.trulynews.com/news/5175/spain-beats-italy-in-gdp-per-capita-for-the-first-time-in-history.html read 'em and weep . 
   swedenstan dude spain beat you height and at gdp per capita . 
   then would n't you agree that it would be fairer to judge a country by its rate of overstaying they do that once the country is in their vwp . 
   what you 're proposing is that this self-fulfilling prophecy of suspicion so what you want it for every contry to be in their visa waiver and once the people from country a overstay , to kick them from the program ? 
  i mean sure that could be a way to do it ( but i realise you see the issue ) . 
  in reality every country has the right to pick who comes and visits . 
  it 's a sovereign right , so it 's kinda pointless to debate what the us should do since we do n't have us citizenship . 
  we have the citizenship of our respective countries . 
  and the eu is far from behaving like a monolythic block when dealing with its own citizens and citizens from other countries . 
   what if you 're just a kid who has n't got a job ? 
  do n't they have a thing about family ties ? 
  if you have strong family ties in your country they wo n't think you 're at a risk of trying to find work in the us , therefore giving you the visa to visit . 
  we just do n't sell them anymore drugs to perform lethal injections . 
   internets / r/worldnews ? 
   eu citizenship is additional to and does not replace national citizenship . 
  yeah that 's the main point here . 
  when the us will be able to deport a some european in any country of the eu then we 'll ve considered equals . 
  until then not all citizens are equal . 
   all of its citizens we 're not exactly eu citizens . 
  we do n't really have a common passport . 
  that being said yeah i agree with you . 
  the eu could put pressure to either raise the 3 % bar in the vwp or be included as a whole in the vwp, 
  is there any correlation between poverty and blue collar criminality ? 
  yes , but it 's also not unfair to assume that if you 're unemployed and from a country not in the visa waiver program , that you 'll probably overstay your visa . 
   then there all the western european born/raised muslim radicals . 
  that 's a stupid one . 
  it 's not like they do n't check your id when you get in the plane and get out too . 
  if you 're in a database , then you 'll be told to gtfo . 
  no visa = / = come and leave undetected . 
  isnt ' t that utah . 
  ohio is thing is where cosmonauts come from . 
   you need a luck in visa lottery you get a visa if you just want to travel . 
  the lottery is for a green card and it applies for everyone , even the french . 
  and the americans do n't get an immediate work visa in europe , they also have to go through hoops . 
  i am confused why more people do n't mention this . 
   are all uptight and anal and therefore shit precisely 4 minutes before taking a shower/bath at precisely the same time of day . 
  what if you take more than two shits per day ? 
   i 've never seen one my whole life . 
  never been to italy ? 
   the people of ah those were second class citizens . 
  they couldnt have schools in their language , their emperor considered that the serbs were just a bunch of pigs etc etc. 
  so yeah comparing ah with modern day italy shows how much you lack in terms of historic culture . 
   the same time refused it for the german pop . 
  what german population ? 
   that 's the most undemocratic shit i have read in a while ever heard of a rechtsstaat, 
  i hope this will end up like / r/trees and / r/marijuanaenthusiasts, 
   but i do support an ultimate referendum yeah it seems like austrian putin is asking for that referendum . 
  not south tyroleans, 
   it was long part of tyrol but was lost unfortunately . 
  so like crimea ? 
   and it 's right at the border to austria so like eastern ukraine  well unlike the crimea south tyrol is actually an austrian issue . 
  so like putin . 
  i 'm talking about you .
