  you claim that putin is not friendly to france , i show that france , germany and russia have diplomatic relations and that those relations matter to every party involved . 
  who talked about allies ? 
  if you like putting words in other people 's mouths , there 's not point talking . 
  cheers . 
   most of the people working at google are codemonkeys . 
  lets yank all the creative geniuses from google and just leave the code monkeys . 
  where would it go ? 
  people have to create constantly not just be lifers at their job . 
   these algorithms are predetermined either by engineers , mathematicians or studies programmers . 
  i 'm doing a phd in maths . 
  i am looking at what my options are : go into finance/quant : starting salary 75k pounds per year minimum . 
  airbus : about 45k euros minimum . 
  maybe . 
  thats starting salaries . 
  people should dream big . 
  not be friggin its . 
   the majority of programmers does not design any algorithms whatsoever . 
  true , but these arent the people that created google . 
  they make google exist , which is fine . 
  but ** people should create **, 
   post-event knowledge cheney knew iraq had no wmds . 
  http://www.salon.com/2015/05/20/george_w_bushs_cia_briefer_admits_iraq_wmd_intelligence_was_a_lie/ was anyone ashamed of that ? 
  did anyone get accused of war crimes ? 
  did anyone go to jail ? 
   and the kremlin is not friendly to you . 
  hollande merkel and putin are involved in the [ minsk ii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minsk_ii ) agreements . 
  you know what major european leader is missing from that photo ? 
   programmers do apprenticeships , they do n't need university . 
  okay , find me a programmer that didnt go to an university and can code me a finite element solver . 
  another that can code me variance reduction schemes for monte carlo simulations , another that can code a neural network for face detection ... 
  programming is algorithmics . 
  that 's where the added value is , not in the coding . 
   the point is you need both !, 
  of course . 
  but im looking where the money is . 
  you can make beautiful carpentry , but most people will buy ikea . 
  not everybody can be an engineer or whatever , but anyone who wants to , should . 
   people like you need to learn that someone has to built those houses google lives in . 
  so we make a nation of builders ? 
  wow ... that sure will make our younglings dream big ... neah not programming , not robotics , not aeronautics ... bricks and mortar . 
  democratically elected govt ? 
  a few years ago my country was accused of being cheese eating surrender mokeys because they didnt buy certain fabricated wmd lies ... also russia isnt snooping through my emails ... 
  it 's a friendly country ... 
   there is nothing correct in your affirmations . 
  apple did n't invent those things . 
  so you used touch phones before the iphone and they were great ? 
  and you used touch pads and they were thin and easy to use ? 
  boy you 're one lucky guy . 
  did louis vuitton create the concept of luggage ? 
  did ferrari create the concept of cars ? 
  apple made boring electronics a status symbol . 
  they showed the importance of design in computers and phones . 
  are you surprised they 're raking in the money ? 
  ah ... so you got ta mix the right cultures ... edit : i wonder in what country you can go , where you can think muslims sucks but still have a great ol' time with you fellow acception xtians . 
  usually people who dont like foreigners have like a ranking . 
  after the muslims go , do you think they 'll be happy ? 
   because you think no romanians have ever lived , studied , worked , or traveled abroad , or read anything . 
  kinda regrettable to move work study in different cultures only to come to the conclusion that mixing cultures sucks ass ... 
  have you ever talked to an engineer/programmer and asked them : what would you do if apple offered you a job ? 
  they do exceptional work in software optimization to make integrated systems . 
  did you ever check out llvm ? 
  have you ever used touch phones before the iphones and a touchpad before the ipad ? 
  they basically created the concept of ultrabooks . 
  but hey bandwagons ... bandwagons everywhere . 
   but those would never work without something to build on . 
  china ? 
   one of the cores of german success and later they export those goods . 
  is it feasible for europe to become the world exporter ? 
  do we have those capabilities ? 
  the future is based on robotisation . 
  we have to see what place we can fill in that context . 
  adding more people in the process drastically increases costs . 
   any engineer will have gone through a practical semester or two that would be the internship , which for example in france is supposed to be a learning period too so you are not involved in any actual productive work . 
  you work on a project that might be or not useful . 
  an apprentice actually has to do work . 
   not to look down on masterful craft skills . 
  well depends on your personal goals . 
  which can very . 
  but on a national level , you only move forward as a society if you produce a lot of added value . 
  masons and carpenters are fine , but google and apple are better . 
  depends how you look at it . 
  if i were to look at it as : sovereign states have the right to not be attacked . 
  yeah in that context russia started the war . 
  if you look at it under the light : superpowers be superpowers , they 're dicks and at the slightest provocation ( us and wmds in iraq , china in the southern sea ) , they 'll screw you over , georgia is at fault . 
  saakhashvili should have known better not to mess with russia because he has the responsibility to protect his people . 
  so it all depends if you 're an idealist or a realist . 
   becomes a master themselves is held in similarly high regard as a university graduate ( depending on the field ) . 
  think that highly depends on the field . 
  lets take engineering for example . 
  apprentices usually end up being technicians while uni graduates become engineers . 
  south ossetia shelled georgian positions ( which happens often ) , georgia invades ( because saakhashvili thinks nato would do something ) but discovers it can not handle russia . 
   moving troops in its own territory isnt that the story of the yugoslav wars ? 
   if the people of a province want to separate they should do it through a legislative process . 
  they had a referendum and elections : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abkhazian_constitutional_referendum,_1999 was saakashvili willing to recognize that ? 
  it is not in the interest of obama to have good relations with russia , it is in our interest as european to have good relations with russia . 
  our interests diverge often ... 
   tell me what is wrong with that sentence ? 
  are we supposed to sit back and watch when pkk killing our policemen and soldiers ? 
  but how come russia is suddenly the bad guy ? 
   ingmar bergman * slow clap * lets show how relevant european culture is by bringing out 1960s directors .
