  it 's about how efficient you are . 
  go to the romanian country side and you 'll still see farmers that plow the field with oxen or horses . 
  you 'll still see a lot that go from place to place with a horse and carriage . 
  those people work a lot . 
  but they produce very little . 
  now go to a french or austrian farm . 
  you will see a huge difference . 
  and about 30 % of working romanians work in agriculture . 
  that 's huge levels . 
  france a large agricultural country us at 10 % / they work a lot , produce very little . 
  it makes more sense for an austrian farmer to come in with modern tools and be ** much more productive ** . 
  that 's the reality . 
  there 's no proof of that ever being the case . 
  there were right wing conservative universities and later universities dominated by left wings . 
  there is no proof that at some point in time universities allowed everything from nazi views to communist ones . 
  yeah . 
  cuz i bet you 'd rather have becali as your boss than ghosn . 
  it 's simply because there 's a difference in gdp no need to over complexity things . 
  and we used to collect ethnicity data a few decades ago . 
  it was a bad idea and we decided to stop doing it forever . 
  we ca n't have nice things cuz we fucked up and i 'm happy with that . 
  okay . 
  i dunno who i can trust for sources anymore . 
  everything seems like a tabloid : /, 
   ee needs more free market politics trust me . 
  ee had a very free market approach in the 90s . 
  did n't go so well . 
  90s ee would be greenspan 's dream world . 
  but ee woke up from that dream and so did greenspan in 08, 
   universities used to be places where you were supposed to expand your thinking and perspective , i kinda doubt that . 
  universities have always attracted a certain population . 
  so the telegraph is bs ? 
  honest question, 
   do a bit of leafleting amongst british expats in france . . well there are a few old ones where i am . 
  but they might have been living outside uk for a long time : /, 
  i hope you will :d you shall overcooooome, 
   i 'm literally saying the uk should n't have a say in how the eurozone countries act and the eurozone countries should n't have a say in how the non-eurozone countries act in this area . . and you still want a veto right on eurozone decisions ? 
  holland 's saying eurozone policies . 
  not eu policies . 
  darn , this is waay too long for me . 
  just vote at the referendum man so you 'll never be in this situation . 
   the point here is that the eurozone needs the ability to support the euro , but some of the things it needs to do might harm other countries who also have to be able to support their own currencies . 
  okay man . 
  now change eurozone into sterling zone . 
  change euro into sterling . 
  change uk into any other eu country . 
  if you hold the same speech , i 'll agree with you . 
  if not , sorry that 's just bs . 
  uk can create fiscal policies that might harm other eu countries . 
  so other eu countries should have a say in how uk does its things . 
  the person gave the example of clearing houses . 
  do you tell the us where to put its clearing houses ? 
  again , if they say okay eurozone countries should get more money from the eu , then i 'd agree with you . 
  but if eurozone countries have fiscal policies , then the uk has nothing to do with it and should n't get any vetos . 
  honestly man , i 'm calling it a day since it 's going off the charts . 
  be sure to vote in the referendum though . 
  vote for what will make the uk not be in such a situation of depending on others . 
  argh my german is worse than my polish . 
  that 's what dating a polish will do to you ( and the germans being sucky at conquering ) . 
  but yeah it did fluff some feather . 
  look at / u/ketchuponastick and his attempt at trolling by mentioning bataclan and how another will happen sooner or later . 
  it 's almost like stereotypes cause a reaction in people . 
  crazy i know . 
  it is from 2014 when the ecb was trying to force clearing houses to move from the uk into the eurozone . 
  that 's a fiscal policy . 
  someone that emits a currency is the owner of said currency . 
  hence why if you commit a criminal act that involves us dollars , the us can prosecute you . 
   you 're not as clever as you think you are , you are however as smug as i think french people are . 
  so good work on that stereotype . 
   this is what the uk has problems with so it is precisely the first point in your you list and matches up to : can you give such an example ? 
   it wo n't get them butthurt . 
  i am still confused on why they should get butthurt . 
  can you explain to me please ? 
  i am a stoopid pc westerner . 
  what idea am i opposing ? 
   poor frenchmen only have balls to make fun of eastern european immigrants can you tell me how i 'm making fun ? 
  what 's weird about being a hard working , cheap , plumber ? 
  there 's nothing wrong man . 
   not that it wo n't happen sooner or later , and they know it . 
  ah i can feel how happy you are that terrorist strikes happen . 
  dude take a chill pill . 
   if you want to that just start about polish deathcamps , or ' 1939 best year of life ' . 
  indeed , i 'm amazed this week there was no polish politician that mentioned how germany screwed them over . 
   no pole cares about the plumber stereotype they dont like being portrayed as hard working cheap people ? 
  that 's a wonderful thing . 
   there should be one round with a lower limit ( around 5 % ) to qualify for seats at the council . 
  why one round ? 
  what magic happens after one round ? 
  why is one round more democratic than 2 ? 
   putin conducts his elections we 'll stop this conversation here . 
  you have no clue about the current system but you still comment and launch strawmen . 
  yeah dude we 're the next russia . 
   the uk and other non-eurozone countries are part of the eu , if the eurozone countries vote together to force laws or regulations on the non-eurozone members , that is unfair . 
  they are deciding on euro related policies and not eu related ones . 
  if they say okay euro countries will get extra benefits for they agricultural industry , okay i 'd understand your worry . 
  but euro related policies should remain under the sole sovereignty of eu countries . 
  my vote counts in a certain way in euro related policies . 
  your vote counts in a certain way in pound related policies . 
  my vote does n't count in any way in pound related policies , but you want your vote to count on uk related policies . 
  of course it 's always better to have more rather than less , but no it is not fair .
