  and it 's not like poland during its more imperial phase was pacifist . 
  heck look at china nowadays . 
  they 've started slinging their dicks about . 
  not to mention that a lot of those rules you 've talked about were n't chosen by the people as you say . 
  and the russians also suffered themselves . 
  and when people say a good russia is a weak russia , what do they mean ? 
   `` good russia is weak russia '' do you enjoy it when every time poland disagrees with the eu mastodons , a bunch of people in threads start saying : lets stop giving them eu funds . 
  so why would a russian reading your statement think you 're a friendly person towards russia . 
  lets not transform the russians into monsters . 
  while the govt set up in the rebel regions of ukraine do smell of former soviet fake govts supported only by the red army that were installed in eastern europe , the fact that there is no rioting inside crimea makes me wonder . 
  there were riots and protests after communist govts were installed in eastern europe . 
   there is an appearance of variety but a unity of messages . 
  among them : the united states is a threat ; the us is a threat to russia . 
  there is no doubt about it . 
  one can only look at the eagerness bush had to start nato admission procedures for georgia and ukraine . 
  only to be brought to reality by european countries . 
   europe is degenerate ; that is also a general message propagated nowadays in europe . 
  europe is on the decline , multi-culturalism will destroy it , islam will tear europe apart . 
  lets not ignore that every country has their own propaganda . 
  with the current leadership in turkey , i wonder how long it 'll be until it is turned into a mosque :d, 
  130 gays died in a terrorist attack ? 
  too soon ? 
  the nationalists get the right embassies but the planes get the wrong countries . 
  what gives ? 
  edit : maybe russians have an inbuilt compass that guides them towards turkey ? 
  the areas that see the most migration are ee countries which tend to seem much more patriotic than we countries . 
  yeah . 
  the numbers seen are n't alarmingly high . 
  heck ee -  we immigration numbers dwarf those us ones . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/tens-of-thousands-protest-against-french-magazine-charlie-hebdo-in-chechen-capital-1421673775 800k protesting mohammed photos . 
  that 's good man . 
  that shows how much chechens are for protecting freedom of speech . 
  those finns sure love themselves those bear orgies . 
  i love their scale . 
  6.1 - \u221e bears :d, 
  the stellarator is n't testing much . 
  just how to contain hot plasma . 
   while nuclear might be relatively safe , when it goes bad , it goes very bad . 
  i wo n't even bother replying to these ridiculous statements . 
  uhm , per capita you polute more . 
  those suicidal dutch . 
   but unlike germany , poland is n't trying to prevent this ) unlike germany , poland did n't decide to ditch a co2 free energy source ( nuclear ) for bs reasons . 
  so germany 's more words tgan action . 
   eh , what ? 
  are you apologizing to whom as who ? 
  the humble kuffar french people are apologising to the mighty , democratic , freedom loving people of chechnya and it 's wonderful , just , democratically elected and well endowed leader kadyrov . 
  please do n't protest anymore mohammed drawing by charlie hebdo . 
  we the kuffars are sorry . 
   and democracy or freedom of the speech are not for chechens or russians but just for some french person like you ; because , you know , you 're so special mate ... chechnya is a very democratic and free country with free elections and press . 
  a model for any country . 
  do n't kill me `` mate '' . 
  i apologise for the drawings that offended kadyrov so so much . 
   do n't cry for me argentina  the truth is i never left you  all through my wild days  my mad existence  i kept my promise, 
   some of the comments on this article are truly idiotic . 
  were you expecting intelligent comments on internet articles that deal with politics ? 
  aww :d, 
  well this is a good ruling . 
  if something bothers you , ban it in your own home . 
  dont go to other people 's homes and tell them what to do . 
  lets stop exporting democracy and whatever , democracy is n't for everybody . 
  and our types of freedoms and laws are n't for everybody . 
  what we should do is offer a safe haven for people who share our values . 
  and let people who dont share our values , leave . 
  i have seen women wearing the veil and a surgical mask . 
  but just like / u/oranjebelg said , the law can only be applied by police officers . 
  i can not tell a person on the street to remove their covered face . 
  nor can i perform arrests or give fines , citizen arrests are poorly viewed . 
  could be a cyborg bro . 
  they 've got that tech . 
  in france , if you wear a helmet it 's okay . 
  but you got ta take it off when you get off the bike . 
  but but freedom of speech . 
  the state should not tell me how to dress and how not to dress . 
  freedom guys . 
  freedom . 
   i was 16 when i went alone to uk and you did n't have to show id ? 
  wuuut ? 
  except their gps failed before . 
  could n't he have checked his google maps app ? 
  those are pretty accurate . 
  just say : `` ok google . 
  what country am i in ? '', 
  accidental non-consensual touching ? 
  is that a thing ? 
  he fell and his dick landed inside her ? 
  i. . . ca n't tell if you 're joking or not : s, 
   and dropping nuclear ordinance on it would be a very bad idea . 
  bcause hordes and hordes of muslims will swim across the caspian ? 
  tell me more man . 
  tell me how turkey is the most important country in the world . 
  how it 's not the eu that told turkey to go take a hike , but the other way round . 
  turkey actually doesnt want to join the eu . 
  moar turkey . 
  they showed they were tired of getting oppressed and were willing to go a long way to prove it . 
  : o those cheats . 
  i hope a tide sweeps those bridges . 
  i dunno about those ones . 
  but usually one does survive . 
  accidents happen when the canopy can not deploy . 
  i better explain quickly .
