  47 % of the population , a minority does not constitute . 
  if the person discriminates against them yes it will suffer economic blow backs . 
  but if a person discriminates against 10 % of the population , then the economic issues will be vastly reduced . 
  they can continue on indefinitely . 
   it 's their loss . 
  i 'm not convinced you understand the concept of minority . 
  well i doubt we have such a law . 
  google fun does n't give any answer . 
  i do n't know about the danes . 
  i would disagree with such a law since it would be a discriminatory law . 
   is this the same as `` terrorism charges '' ? 
  as any first draft of any law , it 'll be a mess . 
  things have to be toned down and made more specific . 
  for example in france : burkha ban : not good because one discriminates against religion . 
  so in reality it 's a law against covering your face for security reasons and where some caveats apply . 
  so if a cop comes and says ma'am i can not see your face , the person can not use religious reasons to refuse the policeman . 
  i do n't know the danes , but if you hold a speech that proclaims and pushes for the destruction of their country ... well ... why should said country be forced to accept you ? 
   you 'd like constructive debate about actual measures to combat terrorism effectively , there is no magic method to combat terrorism . 
  terrorism will happen . 
  what the extreme left is saying : oh noes it 's cuz people are poor and discriminated what the extreme right is saying : oh noes , it 's cuz people are muslims . 
  what centre people are saying : eh mix of factors . 
  personally anyone coming back from fighting in syria should be locked up . 
   it might lead you to breaking international law in france it wouldnt have broken international law . 
  they just lacked political will . 
  80 % of the french are for stripping of citizenship in case of terrorism charges . 
  why do people think a law has to be effective . 
  it can also be symbolic . 
  france declares in the constitution what the national anthem is . 
  there is no proof that having a national anthem makes a country better but we still do cuz it 's a symbol . 
   if they violate some anti-hatespeech law , ca n't they just charge them with that and be done with it ? 
  and be sent to jail and once out of jail they can ask for benefits ? 
  yeah thanks but no thanks . 
  i was the one the one that rented but had to leave before the contract expired . 
  i was looking for a person to take over for the rest of the period . 
  found a person , sadly she was moroccan . 
  nowadays i 'd just go to an association and ask for help . 
  the biggest danger at his rallies is becoming brain dead from his speeches though :  `` i do n't think bruss - england or i do n't think that europe is a safe place . 
  no , i do n't . 
  i think there are a lot of problems in europe that are very , very severe . 
  they guy can not utter a coherent through process . 
  sure you 'll tell me it 's great for the dummies that can only remember 3 words every 5 minutes but this is ridiculous . 
  imagine if `` i have a dream '' speech were spoken by trump  i dream , well dreamt , have a dream that , a hope of mine , yes , that my children , yes ivana , donald jr. 
  they 're beautiful children . 
  i am so proud of them , beautiful . 
  successful . 
  so very successful . 
  they launched they own carriers . 
  very successful carriers , very successful people . 
  well that answers / u/paravin s question about the legality . 
  it 's illegal . 
  that being said : the landlady did tell me a couple of times that she does not want moroccans so it 's not like her racism was super hidden . 
  facts speak for themselves . 
  btw how do you stop a suicide bomber with a gun , buddy ? 
  do you create a wall of lead or something ? 
   if a law abiding citizen had a gun they might 've ended the terrorists rampage early on . 
  enough with this `` it takes a good guys with a gun to stop a bad guy with a gun '' bs during the charlie hebdo attacks : the guys killed 1 armed policeman that was in charge with protecting the editor in chief and another armed policeman that was close by . 
  2 armed policemen in a car had to back down and drive away because they were overpowered . 
  turns out guys with aks and bullet proof vest ca n't be stopped so easily . 
  it is true that at the bataclan , a policeman went and killed a terry before the attack started but again that 's rare and not easy . 
  we do n't need baseless nra rhetoric here . 
  and greek isles : /, 
  muslim detected . 
  get him guys . 
  https://www.service-public.fr/particuliers/vosdroits/f14750 here 's the law in france . 
  i imagine it 's similar in belgium . 
  i recommend the landlord that refuses to rent to men to write an email or better yet a signed letter saying they are refused based on gender . 
  surely nothing bad would happen right , cuz it 's legal . 
   we 're shaped by our biases , and as long as it 's not institutionalised - on a large enough scale that means that many people have restricted liberties . 
  if only moroccan landlords will lend to moroccans we ca n't be amazed they all stay in their neighbourhoods , can we ? 
   ai n't nothing wrong with that . 
  except that ** it 's illegal ** . 
  you can not refuse people your business based on their race , gender etc. 
  and the other side were just a random group of peaceful civilians protesting against terror ? 
  heck germany had worse . 
  red faction army anyone ? 
  revolutionary cells ? 
  currently in jail and convicted or being in some investigations ? 
   but then those kind of lost and disappointed youth are easy prey for recruiters . 
  why do n't they pick amongst the gypsies ? 
  it other types of petty criminals ? 
   unproven discrimination eh . 
  the discrimination is there . 
  i was living in brussels a few years back and i had to leave before my lease was up . 
  i was thinking yeah i should look for a new tenant to pick up the contract but my some 60 yo landlady told me she refused to lend to moroccans . 
  the discrimination is there . 
  it is in france too . 
  what i doubt is the link that that discrimination implies terrorism . 
  that one 's more bs . 
  the n 2 isis leader was killed by an us commando . 
   `` there will be bigger controls and borders but that 's not a bad thing , '' he said . 
  `` i see people from my own country who come here and are not working and i think it is not correct . '' classical `` after me , the deluge '' behaviour from svat here . 
  yeah i got here with no problems but anyone else who wants to come can go pound sand . 
  bunch of unemployed peasants . 
   did you make that post before i edited in an elaboration in my post ? 
  yes  you realize that people with master in physics needs a preeetty good understanding of maths right ? 
  depends . 
  he talked about hardy 's book but he did n't seem to understand the more important parts . 
  and if you think physicists care about maths go check their regularisation : oh so this sum is infinite ? 
  we 'll just say it 's this value ...  also the cook book is n't actually an authority on mathematical notation , believe it or not . 
  believe it or not : mathematics is presented in a way that makes sense .
