   i 'm french , done both lecture heavy studies me too . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  france has top grade engineers , it has the [ best health care system in the world ] ( http://thepatientfactor.com/canadian-health-care-information/world-health-organizations-ranking-of-the-worlds-health-systems/ ) so clearly top notch doctors . 
  it has top notch mathematicians . 
  it 's the 3rd destination for foreign students world wide . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/higher-education-network/blog/2014/jul/17/top-20-countries-international-students what 's the problem buddy ? 
  how much would a straight out of uni developer make ? 
  35k-40k ? 
  something is better than nothing but lets face it . 
  this is app dev money . 
  they can only get 25k per prototype . 
  it 's better than nothing but it 's not enough at all . 
  first , you can not do that in london : eveeything is too expensive . 
  then you realise costs add up really quickly . 
  add taxes to that salary . 
  that much money will only keep a 2 person company for a couple of months . 
  at most . 
  what do you mean ? 
  like its obvious for anybody that poland is ... what ? 
  worse ? 
  i just believe that italian is more useful . 
  poland is a great country : s do n't ban me man . 
  i 'm not italian nor polish so i dont have any beef . 
  if you were not polish , what would you think . 
  there 's no shame in saying other languages are more useful . 
  it 's not like saying poland is worse . 
  and if a student wants to study in france , i can tell them immediatly what 's what and help him or her . 
  now regarding belgium , you can see we have a problem . 
  also now you have people wondering if it 's better to study at this uni or this other uni . 
  it 's complicated . 
  in france , everywhere is the same . 
  for me it 's obvious that one system is much much better than the other . 
  seems about fair . 
  paris is the only thing in france that actually counts for something, 
  but the 15th star version one is basically the same . 
  wow 4 million pounds . 
  that sure will bring about great tech innovation . 
  honestly , i 'd just get all those students that banged european chicks during their erasmus studies . 
  britain ** stronger in ** europe would get its actual meaning . 
  you compare a country with 350 million people with a random european country that has at most 80 million . 
  great job . 
  statistics much ? 
  well then you can agree with me why that 's such a messed up system and really confuses international students . 
  italian just as useful as polish or swedish ? 
  dude okay i get it , poland can into space but c'mon . 
  italy 's a major player still . 
  heck look at the cars they make , fashion , there are plenty of reasons to move to italy . 
  not a ton to move to poland . 
  and if you go to the us , there 're only 2 main parties . 
  congress is a joke , the country stopped working for 3 weeks , one of the major parties is run by dingalings . 
  see , if one chooses to look only on downsides , one can shit on everything ... 
   only difference being that the french actually tend to check human rights more than security depends on the french . 
  if it 's the cnil , yeah maybe . 
  if it 's the govt , goid luck with that . 
  not to mention the new french style patriot acts the govt passed after the terrorist attacks . 
  lets hope they wont pass the constitutional court . 
  it was in 2007 though . 
  it was just such a comical thing seeing choir dudes from i dont know what church getting a scholarship . 
  i 'm still curious what kind of scholarships you have in belgium , at a national level . 
  yup . 
  but if you 're in the eu and your folks make less than 33k after classes , it 's 0 . 
   put this woman in jail where she belongs . 
  that 's the only rational reaction . 
   in universities it 's 181 $ a year for your bachelor 's dude ... it 's not just 181 . 
  you have to add library taxes , then health insurance which is about 250 euros . 
  and some other random things . 
  in the end it 's about 500 euros . 
  and x and ens get paid but normally they 'd have to either work for the french govt or pay back what they 've got . 
  centrale also is about 1k ish . 
   but universities are not really good schools . 
  if you wan na do a masters in science , the best are connected to a university . 
  also the most well known phd 's are at a university . 
   and yes it is based on hearsay , but usually where there 's smoke , there 's fire etc. 
  ah you 'll make a fine lawyer . 
  or prosector . 
  hey , i dont have any facts but would the accused be in front of us if she were innocent ? 
   in general in europe not a lot of universities teach in the socratic way . 
  yeah man . 
  us europeans are drones basically . 
  we can not produce any critical thought whatsoever . 
  my calling your bs was n't critical thinking . 
  i copy pasted those words from the internet . 
  in reality : no matter where you go in western europe , classes and everything will basically be taught the same . 
  you know why ? 
  because nobody can afford having dumb people . 
  and there 's a lot of cultural exchange between different we countries to even practices out . 
   i remember tutoring my cousin for her capacitate exam and she refused to use an easier way of solving a specific type of problem , because she kept telling me her teacher taught her to do it in a different way . 
  maybe she 's just a drone : / jk jk so you want a 14 yo kid to have critical thinking ? 
  do you also expect of her to solve the israel-palestine crisis by the time she 's 23 ? 
   as universities are supposed to teach you to think critically about a subject , not adapt a point of view and duplicate that on examination yeah dude , people who studied in france are all drones ... you got us . 
  goddamit we 'll have to admit we 're robots : s, 
  depends . 
  if your family makes less than 33k per year after tax : 0 . 
  if that does n't apply : state unis are about 500 euros per year . 
  this forms the bulk of where students go ( med , law , science , humanities ) . 
  there are then private schools . 
  the most expensive are the ones centered around business/managements . 
  several ks per yeat i 'd say . 
   so here we have three french guys arguing over how higher education is organized in france . 
  if that is n't telling ... you mean people on the internet dont agree ?
