  welcome to 1789 . 
  a new people was born . 
  we 're young but we 're feisty . 
   if the eu keeps mishandling the refugee crisis le pen will profit . 
  yeah cuz french voters care what germany and sweden are doing . 
  only 30-40k of refugees will be in france . 
  that 's hardly an issue . 
   if the french economy keeps performing badly and unemployment remains high , le pen can easily blame the euro . 
  thats why some people will vote for her but not most . 
   hought them declaring that ethnic french people do n't exist would be the last straw but i was wrong . 
  you realise that even marine le pen is against that term and has stated that once you obtain the french citizenship , you are french . 
   they get no provinces , and thus bear no responsibility for what might happen . 
  they get 30 % of the seats in the councils . 
  of course they 'll play the omg we 're in opposition card , but at least we 'll see they 're just as incompetent as anyone , but they 're more ridiculous . 
  wanting to ban kebab shops , what an idea . 
   fn might see a surge of voters going into the presidential election of 2017 . 
  marine lost in her region , , what makes you think she 'll win france ? 
  2017 will also be a second turn and she 'll be one to one to another . 
  and no one wants a wacko that wants to remove france from the euro zone . 
  i have friends that were in that situation , they still didnt get a gun because it was just a thief . 
  and if you shoot him in the back while he 's running out the door for example , things will not go okay for you . 
   i consider the right to protect my home and family a fundamental right , and firearms are the most effective tool for this . 
  well you believe that a firearm is the best way to protect your family , others believe otherwise . 
  and clearly a semi automatic is overkill . 
  where will you keep it ? 
  under your pillow ? 
  in france you can not shoot someone just because they 're a thief in your home . 
  they actually have to be a threat to you . 
  or you have to believe they 're a threat to your life , which is n't just excused by `` well they were in my house ''  what if 51 % of the population agrees ? 
  thats why a vote is a good thing . 
  dexia is franco-belgian but the french are important . 
  what other banks are there ? 
  they started belgian but now are owned by the french bnp . 
  kbc is belgian , but other big ones abn amro dutch , and ing dutch again . 
  so no the belgians are n't that far from the polish example . 
  plus poland has polanball . 
  if we 'd have that we 'd never leave those meme generators . 
  exactly , it is n't . 
  show me how guns are a right ? 
  we 're not the us . 
  equating semi automatic rifles with freedom of speech or of privacy is just weird . 
  they 're not a fundamental right . 
  it 's just something that 's there and like any random law it is open to debate . 
  at airbus group , the windows terminals were running xp . 
  but your actual work would be in linux because you might need to use clusters from time to time . 
  hey you said gaining rights is always a good thing . 
  how is that killing animals for fun ? 
   one is used to maintain rights , yes , there is a difference . 
  i head the same argument when people were arguing to lower the consent age to 12 yo . 
  because hey more rights . 
  see , i can bs too . 
  you are free to send your soldiers to the slaughterhourse . 
  our french soldiers should protect french citizens and we have a duty towards the french soldiers to not send them to die in some conflict that is not a threat to our integrity . 
   could you name some legal activities that you enjoy doing ? 
  frankly hunting should be illegal unless you 're doing it to survive . 
  killing animals for fun seems just wrong imho . 
  shoot a clay pigeon, 
   within the last 100 years there have been two world wars in europe and plenty of local conflicts . 
  so terrorist fear mongering is wrong but omg think of the ww . 
  they could happen fear mongering is okay ? 
  we 're more worried about unemployment than refugees . 
   issue most people in europe want resolved well you go vote for that issue today my friend !, 
  oh wait it 's not a european election . 
  lets look a bit at some data : * 1998 wc with zidane : france wins * 2002 wc without zidane : france does n't make it out of the group stages . 
  * 2006 wc with zidane : france goes to finals * 2010 wc without zidane : france doesnt get out of the groups lets face it , he 's god . 
  well in the regions the ps retired , evzn if they got 20 % of the vote they wont have any seat . 
  so unless fn get 50 % +1 votes , they 'll have to learn to negociate with other parties of they wan na rule . 
  you can either * a ) not change your views but not rule cuz not enough people want you * b ) negociate and compromise and govern . 
  you cant have your cake and eat it too . 
  it gets seats in the regional councils . 
   if their culture is only french , then they are ethnic french . 
  it does n't matter if their parents had a different ethnicity . 
  but it does matter because they are n't francais de souche . 
  francais de souche is a blood thing . 
  grandparents french . 
  or great grand parents . 
  or great great grandparents or i dunno . 
  it is a means used by some to feel superior . 
  that 's how its used the term by the far far right . 
  it 's not used to express any attachement to the values of france . 
  your grandparents could be collabos and you 'd still be francais de souche cuz why not . 
  that 's retarded . 
  and no french is n't not a value . 
  it is a means through which we transfer our values . 
  and as such is it very important . 
  many things we couldnt express in other languages . 
   you can have one or the other , anything else creates a weak state where people do n't have something to unify around . 
  says who ? 
  why do we need a hive mind ? 
  everybody to think one way . 
  we 're 65 friggin million . 
  what makes you think we 'll have perfect unity ? 
  they 're represented by the french president . 
  it 's okay guys . 
  i was just wondering about the implications of `` diversity is what makes us strong '' i said that accepting all those that accept our values is what makes a strong . 
  if you 're a foreigner but accept france for what it is then yes you can get citizenship and be french just as any french . 
  so every 6 months , every french will have to pass a test to see if they can recite what the values of the france are . 
  if they can not answer we remove their citizenship . 
  also we 'll put them through a lie detector to see if their actually agree or not . 
  that 's what you 're suggesting right ?
