  i feel for them . 
  okay . 
  but i hope that settles why the eu is n't binded into the minsk if the two other parties do n't respect it . 
  if you do n't feel that ukrainian has to respect minsk why do you feel that the eu has to keep sanctions ? 
  why should you follow your interests while the eu should n't do that ? 
   i do not see how economic reforms in ukraine i do n't know the situation in detail but the article has 2 important paragraphs :  sanctions expire in july and can be extended . 
  but countries with a closer relationship with russia including cyprus , italy and hungary could argue that if ukraine is not abiding by the minsk peace deal , the process no longer holds . 
  and :  reforms tied to the minsk accord include changing ukraine 's constitution to decentralise government , something foreign investors say would greatly speed up decision-making . 
  so the sanctions expire and have to be renewed and ukraine has to implement reforms that are n't just `` economical '' in nature . 
  since the article starts with :  ukraine must uphold its part of a peace deal with russia by modernising the country or risk a collapse of support for eu sanctions against moscow , it probably means they 're expecting the ukrainian govt to give de jure autonomy to the rebel regions as per the agreements . 
   i do n't trust the germans , the brits will leave the eu , the french are incompetent , the northern europeans ( sans finland and estonia ) are arrogant , obnoxious hippies . 
  who 's the arrogant ones again ? 
  put a pdf tag on it . 
  well free market capitalism . 
  he thought markets will fully regulate themselves . 
  weird . 
  just above this list , there 's one saying cameron convinces poland and two other countries . 
  honestly i wish there would be a brexit flag that would allow us to sort these news . 
  is that possible ? 
  since when is a parisian accent posh ? 
  you can hear it all over france . 
  it 's just a more common accent . 
  had this been 1789 maybe but nowadays ? 
  so once again , what holds you back is corruption . 
  not a free market system . 
  you can very well have a free market system and a corrupted govt . 
  one does not exclude the other . 
  take greenspan , major free market supporter . 
  he thought fraud should not be investigated and givt should have as little say in economy as possible . 
  for example : rosia montana gold corporation . 
  wonderful example of capitalism and free market and gvt should n't interfere in its operations . 
  good , dont bother with logic . 
  might mess with your ideology . 
  and another reply . 
  it seems that you people are bothered more by corruption than by the govt intervening on the market . 
  but a free market doesnt entail a just non corrupt system . 
   individually we do n't , combined we do . 
  then combine them . 
  germany has no noteworthy military . 
  uk france italy ? 
   it 's our backyard , not that of the us . 
  iraq and syria is our backyard ? 
  since when ? 
   we could 've put up a european mission you know ? 
  what countries ? 
  we dont have the militaries for it . 
   and if they attack isis directly while they would n't put up much of a conventional fight , there would be a insurgency on a level even worse than the iraq war because everyone will want to take a pop at the us . 
  unlike al qaeda or the mujadeens , isis wants to become a state and wants recognition . 
  look at their system . 
   ) ask how many frenchmen know about iulius mall or copos . 
  you wo n't be surprised . 
   but hey you continue thinking you know best . 
  well then free market never existed in any society . 
  so free market is a bunch of rich people deciding to call the shots ? 
  okay so gs is free market then . 
  it 's not the parliament that decides the president, 
  of course not . 
  the comment also applies to france . 
  it 's not a sane policy , it 's a pragmatic one . 
  war is hella expensive in costs and lives . 
  but as a footnote , we were n't the ones that created a schism between the shi'a and the sunni in iraq . 
  neither did the us do that but they were more involved in the process than france ever was . 
  russia also has troups there . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_military_intervention_in_the_syrian_civil_war  bombing women and children is not part of the us ' game plan . 
  th\u00e9 us therefore should intervene with boots on the ground . 
  that 's the only way to fix russia 's sledgehammer technique . 
  solve the problems asap . 
  but again obama does n't wan na do that so this is the situation we 're facing . 
  again , nature does n't like a void . 
  in this case a void of power . 
  the only thing they 're willing to do is tell russia to please stop . 
  well fine , they can tell russia as long as they want . 
  but if the us actually cared about those syrians they 'd send boots on the ground and solve this problem . 
  of course we can . 
  you 'll still want to be a trade partner i 'm sure of it . 
  but the eu is a political organisation and uk expressed that it does n't want that . 
  so parting ways is best . 
  ps : look at your voting system . 
  fptp is created to have one party rule where different opinions are not even a voice . 
  that 's why 36 % of the popular vote got 50 % of the seats . 
  obama refuses to intervene in the region except with some bombing raids and some financial and logistic help to the opposition . 
  why is he surprised that another country is stepping in ? 
  nature does n't like voids . 
  a lot of entrepreneurs at that time were private individuals : dascalu , copos etc etc. 
  how do you define competent people ? 
   not necessarily . 
  the profit repatriated by renault , societe generale , gdf suez and auchan from romania you do n't understand how compagnies work do you ? 
  auchan is \u00e0 super market . 
  these businesses usually have very low margins . 
  for all the companies that you quoted , none are state companies so no money goes to the french people . 
  money goes to the individuals that own stocks in those companies . 
  the french state does own some stocks in some of those companies . 
  but the romanian state is also free to buy stocks from them . 
   french shareholders to shareholders . 
  there is no condition for they to be french . 
  you can buy yourself stock . 
  how many romanians actually buy , own , manage stock ? 
  how many have a broker ? 
   french even if they will work and produce more . 
  it 's not about how much you work .
