  i 'm sure they do n't really disagree considering the alternatives . 
  surely if i act smug and self important that is enough for them to see that i am parisian . 
  you 've been banned from ... oh who gives a crap about shitty reddit memes . 
  we can make a better offer : we 'll make it easier to tar and feather bankers !, 
  how is that defamatory or slander or libel ? 
  it is a work of fiction . 
  and while it might be insensitive it is not insulting . 
  and even if it were insulting , it 's not directed at a single person . 
  is it just me or is this / r/titlegore ? 
   still emotionally manipulative aww . 
  : s i 'm sowwy if you feel emotionally manipulated . 
  i 'll have to find you a safe space . 
  no context like how the first friggin phrase is :  germany does not lack the bare necessities . 
  food ... 
  well the person made a statement for uk that applied perfectly well for france . 
  with no difference . 
  the same goes for everybody , 
   massively more people seem to smoke in france , belgium and germany https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_cigarette_consumption_per_capita belgium or germany maybe . 
  france not really . 
  amazing . 
  you can do statistics on one data point . 
  fascinating . 
  guiness will want to have a word with you : o, 
  i am all for stamping out xenophobia but really this is becoming local news . 
   this shows otherwise though . 
  wow , 30 people with a flag . 
  that has never happened before in france to fly a regional flag , right / u/pasglop ? 
   there 's a lot of catalanism in french catalonia yeah some maybe 60k speakers out of 450k people . 
  and only as a second language . 
  no more native speakers . 
  i wo n't hold my breath , 
  it is a horrific disease and when people suffer they should get to choose to die or to keep living . 
  we should also strive as a humanity to try and solve this suffering because euthanasia is n't really the solution . 
   coming up with a final solution which finally solves all the problems and inedequacies of the previous ones , seems like a possible use of the word . 
  there is no final solution . 
  you can find a solution to a problem , but someone can very well come with a simpler , shorter , more elegant solution . 
  there 's no final solution . 
  it makes no sense , you can not define it mathematically . 
   there is another german word , `` korinthenkacker '' which perfectly describes what you are doing . 
  you give an example why final solution is n't a bad thing by making up an example that does n't exist . 
  i can very well say that calling someone a nazi is n't a bad thing because on proxima centauri b the nazis are wonderful , kind beings . 
  clearly you are the one who does n't comprehend the problems with statistics and other peoples conclusions of them . 
  yes . 
  stating that the statistics and economics are wrong because i am under the poverty line and i 'm just fine is a totally valid academical argument . 
  holy crap . 
  sorry man , i dunno where my mind is . 
  :p okay got it . 
  seems fair . 
   that 's what cheeses me off . 
  a simple reading of the context makes one realise what it 's talking about . 
  * shrug * i prefer the term because it 's coherent . 
  inequality is a part of life , relative poverty should n't be . 
   then the government would pay up to 90x14euro per month . 
  wow . 
  that 's nothing . 
  rent must be super cheap in germany . 
  can someone afford to find a place with 140 euros per month ? 
  or is it just an example . 
   nope , the landlord gets the people to fix it and pays them . 
  when the water is pooring down your house and into the neighbors you do n't get to say : meh i 'll wait for the landlord to come in 1 week cuz he 's on vacation/at work etc. 
   your insurance covers you pay your insurance . 
  how hard is that to understand . 
  when you subscribe you pay money . 
   `` being on welfare automatically means you 're poor '' * sigh *, 
   hijacking the term `` poverty '' to mean `` inequality '' so that political advocates simmer down . 
  `` poverty '' here is used in its economics sense . 
  it has become a jargon and in and of itself it their field it does n't mean shit . 
  the words that mean something is `` absolute poverty '' and `` relative poverty '' . 
  there is no commie agenda by the powers that be trying to muddle the minds of our youth . 
  they just took a word and modified it in their context . 
  i have colleagues working on rings and fields . 
  does n't mean they 're planting rings in fields , they 're just doing algebra . 
   avoiding the risk of misleading people examining the issue smth smth moon finger smth . 
  thanks . 
  love me some trains :d, 
  so i can rent an apartment that is 5000 euros per month smack dab in the middle of munich and the govt will pay for that ? 
  :p i 'm being facetious . 
   are you even german ? 
  so all the economists working on this issue are non-german and have no idea of the intricacies of the german system which is so unique to the world that they could never comprehend it . 
   most statistics [ ... ] as a student who is part of the `` 2 million poor children '' clearly you do not understand how statistics work . 
   dental or other healthcare problems ? 
  covered by the state i am no german but i highly doubt that the state covers the cost of crowns or implants to any significant percentage . 
   pipes or other damage in the apartment ? 
  not your problem if you 're renting and if you own it , then the insurance pays for it  not your problem if you 're renting except that it 's an emergency paiement and you have to foot the bill immediatly then ask the landlord for the money . 
  that can take a very very very long time . 
   then the insurance pays for it . 
  in france you have to pay insurance even if you 're just renting . 
  doubt it 's different . 
  if you need the laptop as a necessity you can always go use a computer at the library . 
  i 'll pretend i have n't read this ridiculous comment . 
   drawing an artificial line that if you are on welfare you are poor is stupid . 
  no it 's not . 
  why ? 
  ask all the economists working on the topic . 
   i got a little job at the university , still having less than 1000 $ , you mean your job paid 1000 euros per month ? 
  cuz that 's above the poverty line . 
  i 'm confused by that . 
   you have the right to get an apartment of up to 90m \u00b2 by german law . 
  and the german govt will build that housing on the spot ? 
  yeah i 'm not buying that .
