  fuck that . 
  why espionage when he he revealed all the information to the press , not some foreign power . 
   it was intended to prohibit interference with military operations or recruitment , to prevent insubordination in the military , and to prevent the support of u.s. enemies during wartime . 
  i 'm all for patriotism , but this is bs . 
  for me what he did was epic and awesome . 
  screw people who think you got ta go to jail for doing the right thing . 
  nothing changed since he released the info . 
  why should he go to jail ? 
  also since he was n't charged with anything he is not a criminal . 
  does n't denmark have presumption of innocence ? 
  a very important concept . 
  the problem is that they 're not going anywhere, 
  hey man . 
  they sent 2000 soldiers in iraq and afghanistan . 
  you could return the favor and start a nuclear war . 
  ungrateful yanks . 
  are you claiming nichita , hrebenciuc , sechelariu , oprisan are/were all elected by fraud . 
  if only ... 
  sri has no law enforcement unit . 
  sri would be more like mi5 , gathering intelligence . 
   they act like they are invincible and they have a defiant attitude toward the `` average citizen '' . 
  well they do get elected everytime then ? 
  it 's not like they stuff the ballots . 
  vote rigging is reduced but the local barons still get elected . 
  heck even when a new fresh guy gets voted in and people have a mega boner ( oprescu ) it still can turn rotten ... 
  so what 's the point in asking for new parlamentary elections ? 
  just a question to see how many people have heard of that saying . 
  i have quite a few times . 
  and you never heard people saying more gypsies should have been sent to the bug ? 
  honest question . 
  that 's proficiency though . 
  now being able to speak a little and understand what you 're being told . 
  so the parlament is dismissed . 
  now what ? 
  who do you elect ? 
  the same old people . 
  people expect miracles here and now . 
  when does that ever happen ? 
  well the marais has become so `` gentrificated '' the gays are pushed out . 
  yeah . 
  france 50 % . 
  no way . 
  true true . 
  it 's just dishonest to compare sri with the fbi . 
  sri doesnt do law enforcement . 
  it just provides intel . 
   but outside the erm which had put the uk in an exposed position , the uk flourished . 
  and france and germany didnt ? 
   dismantling the information agency of every country in the world will not be achieved as long as humanity organizes and positions itself in adversarial lumps of people , with competing interests . 
  i 'm just saying the sri is a bit toooo huge . 
  and it has a little too much power . 
  like all intelligence agencies . 
  we have to remember that it 's an intelligence agency the likes of ~ ~ the cia ~ ~ mi5 . 
   the fed did not know who the loans were going to that were routed through the bank of switzerland . 
  so then lets see how much money went from the fed to the bank of switzerland . 
   frances two largest banks each have assets roughly equal to france 's gdp . 
  france 's gdp 2.8 . 
  hsbc 2.67 , barclays 1.3 , uk gdp 2.69 . 
  your point ? 
  assets for a bank are a very fluid concept . 
  are you claiming that bnp was in risk of bankrupt ? 
  are you serious ? 
   it is easy to say they should have been allowed to fail dexia should be allowed to fail . 
   lehman brothers was small by us standards as far as major investment banks go . 
  bnp is more than that . 
  a lot of its assets are n't just cdos . 
   and we saw the outcome of the lehman collapse . 
  it would not have been pretty for france or the euro if bnp or sg went under . 
  and they never were under the risk of going under . 
  bnp borrowed 28 billion . 
  a large amount , but that 's just 5 years of profit . 
  we are mixing ibs ( which could disappear tomorrow and we 'd manage ) with cbs , which are important . 
   i think there 's a lot to be said for a purely pragmatic approach rather than rigidly adhering to an ideology . 
  lets not make it seem like some type of pragmatism vs ideology got him elected . 
  you simply have a retarded electoral system, 
   or that they are untouchable because they involved in investigations ? 
  ( that seems like a good point ) more like the power the hold will make them virtually untouchable . 
  they are not elected . 
  do the people control them ? 
  through what means ? 
  how can he be a criminal if he has n't even faced a court ? 
  by ex you mean like 18 years ago . 
  okay , so when will corruption cases that also involve the sri come to light then ? 
   if it was such a small problem why did eurozone countries not allow their banks to default and take them into receivership ? 
  it was the ecb that decided what course to take . 
  not eurozone countries or its citizens . 
  tarp wasnt decided by american citizens . 
   that said we do n't know how much major french or european banks borrowed . 
  you 're citing the official figure borrowed through the fed/ecb swaps . 
  many european banks chose to borrow though their swiss subsidiaries so they would not have to disclose they were borrowing ( wanting to avert a sell off of their shares ) . 
  so the truth is only the bank of switzerland actually knows how much french banks borrowed . 
  well the fed or ecb can declare what amount they borrowed and to whom . 
  it 's not like they gave all the money to some mysterious swiss entity , so i fail to understand your point . 
   not sure your point about american banks . 
  the fed is the us central bank so naturally it would lend to us financial institutions . 
  and as your article states :  `` european governments have substantial dollar holdings of u.s. treasury securities , so why not sell some of their dollar securities to support their own banks ? '' it 's a two way street . 
  i fail to see how the whole 08 crisis came from the euro . 
  some shitty banks did some shitty deals . 
  if they fall , let them . 
  heck whole countries did shitty things : greece more notably , spain with its construction boom .
