   but his prediction is a mere coin toss . 
  from an economics pov he 's right . 
  leaving the euro is a political decision though so that 's why it 's hard to predict . 
  stiglitz can not predict how much the italians are willing to resilient against economic data . 
  from an economic pov , brexit should n't have happened and russia should have stopped the ukraine war ... yet politically , what happened ? 
  it was an extreme crisis . 
  it was n't some sort of minor blimp . 
  it 's ridiculous to always plan according to the worst case situation . 
  does any company only do business according to worst case scenarios ? 
  nasa would stop existing if that were the case . 
  etc etc etc. 
  i can give examples of countries that took political decisions that we know will impact them financially on the short and medium term . 
  yet they went ahead . 
  and the eurozone was n't prepared because it 's still a pretty recent thing . 
  heck it was a crisis that was unprecedented for the eu ( or its previous iterations starting from 57 ) . 
  hindsight is always 20/20 . 
   economic crises are a normal part of capitalism okay i 'll stop this talk here because it 's ridiculous . 
  db should tell the us to go fuck itself it wont pay that 14 billion because economic crises are normal guys !, 
  the worst crisis since the great depression is a normal part of life , stop bitching people !, 
  i dislike talking to people so warped in their ideology that they 'll start spewing bs in order to peddle their rhetoric . 
   to have these , you have to have the consent of the people . 
  no shit sherlock . 
   what the eu did was to the easy thing first ( the common currency ) because it knew that people would reject the hard things ( common political structures and common fiscal policy ) . 
  yeah . 
  that 's usually what everybody does . 
  it is hardly exceptional behaviour or the type of behaviour only the eu engages . 
   the designed a flawed project that has caused a decade of high unemployment and low growth , with no end in sight . 
  i thought that was caused by the economic crisis ? 
  if the euro did n't help fix it , sure ... but let 's distinguish between cause and remedies that were brought . 
  ah ... true kingsmen these brits . 
  a comment so nice you had to say it twice ? 
   they have to take the blame for the way they designed the euro . 
  change it from the eu to the european project . 
  the european project and the idea of a single currency is not at fault for the realisation . 
   and the people that designed it were the eu they were politicians from their home countries of france and germany . 
  they had to sell the idea back . 
  but there is nothing in the statutes of the eu that say we can not have a common fiscal policy . 
  can you reply on his point rather than his flair ? 
  why do people feel the need to comment flairs in here ** always ** . 
  it 's worse than / r/soccer, 
  they are linked the same way the failure of schengen is linked to the eu . 
  it 's happening in the eu but the reasons of the failings tend to be more connected to the way things are done , not because of the measures . 
  a larger boarder is n't a bad thing ( there are huge countries that have only 1 border ) but when you do n't have a border wide police force or intelligence force , that unique border is stupid . 
  same thing here , a unique currency without common fiscal policies is dumb . 
  with , it 's not that bad . 
   and other highly knowledgeable people disagree with him . 
  can you give me some examples of notable economists that think the eurozone is an optimal currency area ? 
  because krugman also says it 's not . 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2016/06/19/paul-krugman-is-entirely-right-about-the-disaster-that-is-the-euro-here/#4baac483e275 that 's 2 nobel prizes saying the same thing . 
  maybe it 's time to listen ? 
   what with the usa having a median age of 36.8 years vs. the eu 's 42.4 years that because it 's kept down by the hispanics . 
  median age for white people is ... 42 years old . 
  http://www.pewhispanic.org/2016/04/19/statistical-portrait-of-hispanics-in-the-united-states/ph_2015-03_statistical-portrait-of-hispanics-in-the-united-states-2013_current-09/  stiglitz is turning even more simplistic . 
  yeah what do experts even know ? 
   the current german culture and leadership will never allow them to ever have a decent military again so ? 
  they can still very well provide funding for the eu army . 
  so if you knew , what did you ask ? 
  bothered reading the article . 
  just a bs plan that will never happen . 
  they wan na make it a lottery to keep costs down . 
  wtf ? 
  they can couchsurf , amirite ? 
  in the winter they can move to southern countries and in the summer to northern to make a quick buck . 
  we 'll study the migratory patterns of the urchins . 
  you do n't have yours ? 
  ps : the louvre and the eiffel tower pay for themselves at this point  . 
  heck even helping the homeless is a good idea cuz the homeless cost money by not receiving appropriate care in time . 
  but putting kids in trains ... 
  i fail to see at what point we 'll receive some sort of benefit that can be financially estimated . 
  feelz < reelz, 
  or we can give every man , woman and child free money they can spend wherever they want in europe in order to create `` european identity '' ^ ^ ^ tm . 
  we can give every person a house with a backyard and a picket fence in an eu country that is not their residence so they can mingle . 
  we can give people free plane tickets anywhere on this globe because hey we 're all humans on this blue marble . 
  and millions of other good deeds . 
  i 'm really betting this type of thing wo n't happen . 
  and i 'm willing to bet gold they wo n't put it in place even for 1 % of the total number of 18 yos in the next 2 years . 
  this may come as a ~ ~ chock ~ ~ shock but different countries have different definitions for what constitutes terrorism . 
   maybe limit the tickets so they can only be used outside rush hours ? 
  with long distance , you do n't really have commuters so you do n't have rush hours per say . 
  and that being said , usually 18 yos tend to be in hs or uni . 
  and when they 're not there , they 're on vacation . 
  you will notice that when there 's a student vacation , traffic automatically increases on long distance anything and prices automatically increase . 
  it 'll end up costing me 5 euros ( obviously more france contributes more than other eu countries ) + the extra increase on tickets because of increased demand . 
  yeah ... not a good idea . 
   we spent 1.4 billion chasing a comet . 
  that was money spent on researchers working around the clock producing technology and know how than can be used later on in more financially productive ways . 
  also that was a one time project . 
  this is 2.5 billion every year . 
  25 billion in ten years . 
  that 's 17 comets we can chase . 
   we 're a civilisation not a business . 
  i do n't know what country you 're from , but mine has a budget . 
  when you give more money to some people , you give less money to others . 
  they shot a black church in belgium ? 
  where the hell was i ? 
  we can give every european 1000 euros that they spend only by living in another country for a week . 
  with 500m europeans that would cost about 0.5 trillion . 
  and we would also achieve the same goal only more broadly . 
  usually when you have to spend money , you make a budget : gains v loses . 
  the loss part we have pinned down , the gain part is : `` well feelings '' .
