  ntm got into problems for singing fuck the police . 
  zemmour got a fine for saying arabs are drug dealers . 
  so whats the point again ? 
   a few rotten apples a few ? 
  shows how know you know the fn . 
   out of all these names i do n't see le pen 's , did valls call marine a racist ? 
  no he said  `` voting for a party that is anti-semitic , racist , which does not like the republic and which is also cheating the french . '' the party is rotten to the core . 
  it had members from that think highly of the oas a terrorist organisation that killed many french and tried to assasinate de gaulle . 
  it has close connections to the bloc identitaire which is a racist organisation . 
  marion has on her list a former leader from bi http://www.francetvinfo.fr/politique/front-national/bloc-identitaire-soupe-au-cochon-et-chant-neo-nazi-philippe-vardon-le-gros-bras-du-fn-aux-portes-du-conseil-regional-de-paca_1213695.html  however i am in favour of democracy and in this case the use of slander i do not believe it is slander if it is true . 
   i can tell from this reply that you 're a little scared yourself . 
  it 's fine . 
  yeah people who make 0 sense are kinda weird and scary . 
  heck you make negative sense . 
  you absorb sense from the universe and transform it into non-sense . 
  wtf is your point man ? 
  you sound like you 're rambling . 
   notice how you have completely dropped the subject and you 're now attacking me personally ? 
  nope , i 'm just attacking your silly ideas and fear mongering . 
  hurr durr civil wurr . 
  at my top engineering school , 30 % of the students in the maths section were of arab origin . 
  have you ever met an arab or a muslim or are you talking from half a continent away . 
  sure not everything is perfect but the vast-vast-vast majority live peaceful lives . 
   are we having a serious conversation or not ? 
  wait ? 
  were you serious ? 
  i like how you offer analyses without actually knowing jack . 
  thats good . 
  you should go into politics . 
  raise fears and offer biases comments based on stuff you know thing about . 
  you 'll have a bright future . 
  or hey maybe you know everything . 
  you watched the news a few times . 
   could musicians in france make music with lyrics about killing muslims ? 
  because apparently they can make music with lyrics about killing christians yeah man . 
  booba sings only about killin xtians . 
  :d we whities are fighting back with johnny tho . 
   that 's right , play down every single major problem ... no man . 
  i 'm panicking . 
  i really am omg . 
  russia , muslims , brown people , germany , the us , cancer , terrorists , fn , integrist cathos , wifi and tor bans , arf . 
  we 'll all die man . 
  the humanity . 
  did you bother reading the link ? 
  these arent people bothered by religion . 
  these are bothered by a certain religion and about brown people . 
  they very happily want to shove down your throat shitty nativity scenes . 
   the increasing polarization of french society would mimic the gap between shia and sunni in other pla hahaha :d oh man that 's a good laugh . 
  thanks i need it , seeing le pen debate estrosi was depressing . 
  any other predictions mother caterpillar ? 
  i enjoy your fine political analysis . 
  well they burn cars on new years eve . 
  wuuur . 
   i 'm going have to ask for a source to back up those claims mr. valls here you go . 
  some sauces http://www.liberation.fr/france/2015/02/27/islamophobie-homophobie-la-compilation-des-derapages-fn_1210335, 
  no one believes valls is a left winger . 
   the regional government said it has amended a piece of 1975 legislation so as to prevent people from entering public buildings with their faces covered `` without a valid reason '' . 
  it 's almost like it 's in the article . 
  well to be honest i dont know if i should be a / s tag on it or not . 
  have you never played hitman 2 ? 
  it 's a diversion to get as close as possible to the target . 
   this is what you said ... as a response to someone not feeling connected to italy or slovakia , any more than to korea . 
  rome has had a vast importance in the way england has evolved . 
  if the queen is the leader of the anglican church now it is because of rome . 
  if you go admire westminster abbey and its fine gothic architecture : well how the hell did that architecture arrise ? 
  and the rennaissance . 
  lets not be ignorant and claim that yeah south korea has had as much influence on uk as whatever came from the boot peninsula . 
  you completely missed my point . 
  my point is that you do need an extended amount of time in the uk to realise why a country like uk is closer to italy , portugal , poland , germany , france , spain than to countries like south korea . 
  well this got many comments ... 
  one silly article claims 25 % of gays vote for le pen now she 's got their vote ? 
  what about the other 75 % ? 
   there is no connection between us and italy or slovakia , and i do n't feel any solidarity with them more than i do with korea . 
  well try as you want to become british , you still have a long way . 
  these connections between people , between different types of heritage are subtle and delicate . 
  you need to have lived in said country for a long long time to pick up on those . 
  well that got out of hand . 
  more like some roads lead to rome . 
  goddamn you know france better than i do . 
  it has more like a justification/it wasnt so bad . 
  males that were of fighting age were killed . 
  not women and kids . 
  if i get told 8000 people were killed , i dont start thinking : but were they men ? 
  phew . 
  well at least it was they killed only men ... like they were merciful in any way . 
  they were a bunch of sick fucks . 
  got a serbian friend . 
  she 's doing a phd here . 
  said well srebenica was an attrocity and should have never happened . 
  but at least they only killed men . 
  wtf ? 
  nationalism truly blinds people . 
  a lot of these associations help kids that have problems with their families , provide some shelter . 
  but hey all gays are like you , right ? 
  that 's not from the regional elections we just had . 
  do you have any source for that 25 % gay voters in idf ? 
  and i mean exit polls . 
   uk , where we will have a referendum . 
  omg , really ? 
  i did n't know that .
