  islam is not european religion . 
  and europeans dont want turkey to join the eu . 
  that should be a sign . 
   actually police and firemen kinda ' did their jobs in this case . 
  uhm they didnt check for fire hazards hence the huge accident . 
   the townhall shouldnt have given the club permits in the first place okay so local authorities and not `` politicians '' in a general then . 
   i think , not signing a piece of paper without looking at it , only for money . 
  doing their job !, 
  things like that . 
  i think you 're confused . 
  politicians dont sign authorizations . 
  so the politicians are at fault because the police and firemen didnt do their jobs ? 
  what could a politician do more ? 
  are the laws not strict enough ? 
  who said the left is n't concerned about businesses ? 
  ibs ? 
  they can go screw themselves . 
  businesses are important though . 
  if it 's planning on introducing restriction for eu workers ( french , german , polish or bulgarian ) then it 'll have to leave the eea . 
  well that 's one of the main points cameron is pushing for . 
  investment banking and how to protect it . 
  ok you can spy on kids , as long as it 's through a keyhole . 
  looks like a bank logo . 
  i should warn you i dont use ass protection while on bouncing my bootay on dat hard wood :o, 
  dew , rain , not wanting to get my clothes dirty , be sure i dont accidentally sit next to a dog turd , ants . 
  i always have napkins with me , enough to clean a bench but i rarely have a tarp . 
  what if you wan na take a nap on a bench ? 
  the mayor of an istanbul district that decided to install the seats :  . i know they are concerned that sitting with a stranger , with a man they do not know , will fuel rumors that the woman on the bench is having an affair . 
  i 've sat on benches with both unknown women and unknow men . 
  i 'm such a slut y' all \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af . 
  and i do n't plan to stop . 
   if `` ifs '' and `` buts '' were candy and nuts , would n't it be a merry christmas ? 
   the rest of europe ? 
  france was independent before 2008 and still likes to fly solo . 
  so what else ? 
  italy ? 
  spain ? 
  not that impressive . 
   eu commission to delay its report that would shake ruling party 's status-quo yes ... because the voters of of erdogan really care what the eu thinks ... do you realise how nationalists vote ? 
  the eu report would have raised the erdogan vote : lets stick it to those europeans . 
  sorry , i thought they had a democratic free vote . 
  am i mistaken ? 
  if people vote for that guy , do you want european countries to invade ? 
  throw a fit ? 
   i presume all of them romanian medics who left to work abroad . 
  uhm . 
  you 're welcome ? 
  yes because i 'm sure a stern report from the eu would have changed * everything * . 
   but europe sure as shit is helping out the wrong side . 
  welcome to realpolitik . 
  winning hearts and minds is fine and dandy , but at times you have to be realistic . 
   we do n't have the cash that arabic states have start buying migs and see what 'll happen . 
   strong army so ... military spending ? 
   i could go as far as to say that turkey is the most important/active country in nato after us and uk . 
  who 's left after you remove those countries ? 
  germany ? 
  at least an hour after the room has been evacuated and ventilated . 
   the tables set right up to the edge of the restaurant . 
  your table inside , your arm outside , smoking away . 
  your table is either inside or outside . 
  it ca n't be both . 
  inside means you have walls , windows and doors that separate you from a table inside the restaurant . 
  i 'm talking about tables that are outside completely . 
   the motivation of a crime should n't matter thats not how the law system works . 
  motivation is one of the most important aspects of why crimes are committed . 
  a sentence should reflect why a crime has happened . 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  htf do you go from :  it may not be oppression but there are hate crime laws . 
  to  because murdering someone is only bad when it 's ethnically motivated . 
  yay tolerance !, 
   because murdering someone is only bad when it 's ethnically motivated . 
  yay tolerance !, 
  holy `` putting words in other people 's mouth '' batman !, 
  it 's forbidden to smoke in closed public areas or work places . 
  bars and such can offer closed off rooms with ac and automatic doors where people can smoke but no service must be provided ( even cleaning service ) . 
   http://legifrance.gouv.fr/affichtexte.do?cidtexte=jorftext000000818309&amp;datetexte=&amp;categorielien=id of course it can happen for people to smoke at outside tables sometimes . 
  while no major change ( health of workers , lowered profits for bars , etc ) has been noticed , bars are so much nicer to be in when you dont have a ton of smoke in your face . 
  as long as they buy guns from the `` right '' countries , they 'll be a-ok . 
   $ 6-10 if you go to a lunch restaurant . 
  what that 's super cheap . 
  12-15 euros here . 
  it may not be oppression but there are hate crime laws . 
  well it 's much easier to have a full picture of the problem when your economy is smaller . 
  policies become more easily predictable . 
  heck the whole mess happened because iceland banks tried to pretend they were larger than they really were . 
   . most do not follow the quran to the letter a ** lot ** of muslims do not drink . 
  that 's a reality . 
  and yeah people dont follow the old testament because xtianity is based on the new testament . 
  well people who dont give a crap about ecology , resources , also about aboriginals and immigrants . 
  those are the negatives because i think you wan na know about those . 
   . they are at rougly double ( depending on type of drink ) of sweden . 
  and everybody in europe thinks sweden has suuuuper high alcohol taxes . 
  and you 're saying they 're double . 
  and it 's not * that * high ? 
  c'mon  how does this affect what continent turkey belongs to ? 
  where is the capital of turkey ? 
  on what continent do 70 % live ? 
  what 's the language ? 
  what 's the writing system ( before ataturk ) ? 
  what 's the religion ?
