   i believe you are a bit informed what the right to asylum is for . 
  the right to asylum is for people that are honestly fearing for their life in a given country or are seriously oppressed . 
  was she really fearing for her life and/or oppressed in every country between syria and germany ? 
  she was from kobane , the place super bombed by everybody . 
   she would be absolutely safe in turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia , croatia , hungary and austria . 
  any proof she went through turkey ? 
  and any proof that greece can handle 800k refugees ? 
  i 'll take a wild guess and assume that a bankrupt country can not . 
   i agree that it is the humane thing to do to resettle this girl into europe , but resettlement is something way beyond asylum well lets give her at first asylum and later lets see ? 
  how about that ? 
  if they turn out to be valuable members of society , how about we keep them after things calm down in syria ? 
   i 'm sorry , but i 'm not a shithead . 
  please do n't call me that . 
  if there is somebody that thinks this girl would not make a wonderful addition to any society , then that person is a shithead . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
   and that 's because ukraine was given weapons by the west ... can you find any proof of polish or us arms aid given to ukraine ? 
   they 're both on the same page , but obviously it 's easier for germany and france to broker peace with russia than it is for the us . 
  germany and the us are not at all on the same page regarding russia . 
  in 2008 the us wanted to start procedures to let ukraine and georgia in nato . 
  germany said no and it never happened . 
  misread . 
  can you tell me how refugees like : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=h-2mjwfwoea are abusing the system ? 
  if you refuse such a person an asylum claim , you 're only a shithead . 
  ok maybe not all refugees are like she is , but clearly obviously you can find a few hundred thousands like her and spread them across europe . 
  there are about 7 million syrians displaced by war and 3 million refugees . 
   probably not but then again , people in poland do n't like being dictated to take in and sponsor illegal immigrants either . 
  did n't poland vote for quotas ? 
   which is a pretty bad argument , since if the eu money no longer suffices to acomodate the fact that they have to take in refugees this will be moot . 
  poland votes for quotas even though they argued that they dont want them . 
  so i 'm pretty sure the money on the table is still super important . 
   again : this is not how you negotiate , this is dictating , and dictating tends to backfire . 
  well normally when partners have the same values , there is no need to dictate because you will naturally agree on things . 
  this shows that ee has different values than we and maybe the extension to the east was not a good idea . 
   you can send our emmigrants back how about them ? 
  would they like it ? 
  pretty sure 3 million votes against leaving the eu beat your one vote for . 
  but you can not guarantee other protections from extreme right groups in poland . 
  clearly that shows that extreme right polish groups are very dangerous and they should n't be allowed in other countries . 
  border controls are needed sadly to protect we from such people . 
   not `` can not '' but `` dont want to '' . 
  but they are overruled . 
  well that 's when you negociate . 
  nobody wants refugees but you have to take them . 
  just like nobody wants the romanian truck driver that is paid 30 % of the french driver and thus destroying the social fabric . 
  but they have to accept the situation . 
   to shit on eastern europe , eastern europe will not assist germany and germany will be there , alone with a bunch of refugees it cant feed . 
  so why doesnt poland and romania leave the eu ? 
  what 's forcing them to stay ? 
  oh that 's right . 
  eu money . 
  and not to mention that about 3 million romanians and 3 million polish are living in the eu outside their home countries . 
  they 're massively against leaving the eu . 
  and they do decide how elections swing : the last 2 romanian presidential elections were decided by the diaspora . 
   muslim syrians are n't seen as minority here , but invaders . 
  police can not check 90 % of the country , who dislike those newcoming muslims . 
  there 's a difference between disliking and not being safe . 
  you claim refugees would not be safe . 
  you also claim that the police can not make the situation safe for refugees . 
  so again , why is a state where the police can not impose the rule of the law inside the eu ? 
  why are these people given free movements across eu borders ? 
  if they want to attack refugees in their own country what 's stopping them from attacking refugees in other countries ? 
  maybe indeed border controls should be put in place again across europe and even eu citizens with criminal records should not be allowed to move freely . 
  you 're giving me stats based only on ** q1 of 2015 ** . 
  we 're in q3 . 
  germany has taken more than the 75k your data gives out . 
   it looks like most eastern european countries say `` none '' so where 's the dialogue then ? 
  you present the virtues of dialogue yet you say ee can not take any refugees . 
  there 's a reason some countries write history while others only are subjected to it . 
  so why is poland in the eu if it can not protect minorities ? 
  that is one of the most important eu values . 
  well should it be then 95 % of the flemish ( as in the flemish people ) or 95 % of flemings ? 
  romania barely got in the eu in 2007 . 
  it barely did any progress on corruption at the time ( and we see the results nowadays with mayors and pms and ministers getting sent to jail left and right . 
  schengen is normal . 
  romania did about 0 work in dismantling any organized crime groups . 
  how did so many incredibly poor gypsies end up in we to beg and things like that . 
  how did so many hookers and pimps end up in we ? 
  people trafficking . 
   but remember guys , dont judge ttp before you have seen it !, 
  : ^ ) i dont need to see it to know that en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thrombotic_thrombocytopenic_purpura is bad for you . 
  what 's a fleming ? 
  the love child between a flamingo and a lemming ? 
   europe is becoming xenophobic and insular . 
  that 's not the fault of the immigrants though . 
   `` how many of these people are actually f leeing war ? '', 
  - `` how many of these people are actually syrian ? '', 
  - '' how many people can we actually take in ? '', 
  - `` how does one explain that most of these people are men ? 
  well look at the stats . 
  how many people are in jordan and lebanon and turkey . 
  those are refugees . 
  also check the passports , those are the syrians . 
  only 30 % of the refugees germany took were not syrians . 
  why does their gender matter ? 
  the sides were set from the beginning : germany and france for accepting refugee quotas . 
  ee for refusing quotas . 
  and in the middle people stuck in a war that 's lasting for 4-5 years now . 
   about how many people europe can take how many people can poland take ? 
  honest question . 
  you can only do it country by country .
