  regional languages are languages spoken in some parts of france . 
  and they do not need any special treatment since they 're not the language of the republic of france . 
  when the french people will decide for that , it will happen . 
   according to that map , there 's not only one language in france . 
  do you understand the difference between the territory of france and the nation of france ? 
   actually not . 
  people do n't give up their culture voluntarily . 
  and a few priests got they heads chopped off , and the french catholic church sufferent great losses , and a great deal of royalists died in various wars . 
  such is the process to build a nation . 
   they were forced to . 
  the past is the past , the present is the present . 
  and you are talking about the past . 
  the only relevant thing here is to study it and better understand it , not to try to rescuscitate long dead ghosts due to some misplaced catalonian self recognition you 're facing with people you actually have very little in common . 
   yet you want them to only speak french . 
  people speak whatever language they like . 
  people pray to whatever god the like . 
  but there is only one language in france , and there is no god in france as it is a secular state . 
  do you understand the difference between a nation and what people do in their private lives ? 
   the occitan regions quite big if it had official status and was taught in school i imagine it would have been one of the major romance languages . 
  the region might be big , but the number of actual speakers is quite very very small . 
  [ maybe 5 % or less of the population of that area ] ( http://www.francetvinfo.fr/societe/combien-de-francais-parlent-vraiment-une-langue-regionale_952677.html ) . 
  the map is as relevant as showing charlemagne 's empire and saying oh look all these people speak frankish in 2017 . 
  this is already applied to us . 
  but you are expressing your own catalan frustration of independence on people you have actually very little in common with . 
  stop acting like the universal lawyer of all catalans . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  every time a map like this is shown , there 's always one of two catalans that ca n't wait to express their pen up frustration of independence and wish to eliberate other nations . 
  renan, 
   so basically , france suppressed other nations on its territory until only one survives . 
  we chose not to be defined by religion , spoken language , geography or ethnicity . 
  renan, 
   greek territorial claim is 12nm while turkish claim is 6nm for both countries . 
  holy shit that 's tight . 
  even intel can barely hit the 7nm process . 
  how does turkey plan to go smaller than that ? 
   to speak with your administration in your language french . 
  that 's their language . 
  that 's my language . 
  that 's our language . 
   if 100 years ago everyone could speak catalan and french in southern france , and now the majority can only speak french ... then there 's clearly something going wrong . 
  do n't you see ? 
  and 1000 years ago , people in narbonne were speaking in their majority arabic . 
  populations shift , language moves about . 
  it 's not one static thing . 
  we 're born in one part of the country , go study in another and work in yet another . 
  macron can promise anything he wishes , but it is not in his powers to change this . 
  the french constitutional court declared that there needs to be a change of constitution , namely art 2 that i just mentioned . 
  and last time in 2015 , the senat refused to perform such a change . 
  considering that macron wo n't have a 3/5ths majority in the parliament , it means he can only call for a referendum to change the constitution , which wo n't really happen . 
  so once again this is n't a french govt issue but a french constitutional issue . 
   ( all of them unrecognized by french government ) wtf has the french govt to do with a constitutional issue ? 
  edit : http://www.conseil-constitutionnel.fr/conseil-constitutionnel/francais/la-constitution/la-constitution-du-4-octobre-1958/texte-integral-de-la-constitution-du-4-octobre-1958-en-vigueur.5074.html  article 2 . 
  well fuck . 
  i once fell in the marne while rowing with our team , got a horrible ear infection afterwards . 
   and it is more of a slovak thing than czech . 
  neah . 
  hungarian . 
   networking . 
  it was awfully designed at doing anything more complex like finance or science dude , do you even language ? 
  why did you let me in your house you idiot ? 
  are white people attacked because they 're white ? 
   violent terror movements does anyoen define is as a terrorist organisation or is it all in your wild imagination ? 
   he uses money to influence politics via violence ways wtf are you talking about ? 
   rich ~ ~ guy ~ ~ jew ftfy, 
  activity is defined here as the number of flags at concerts . 
  i mean we were one of the happiest countries to see uk go . 
  we 're really happy to see uk reaching its full potential . 
  yeah ... that 's it . 
  how did they pick those 22 products ? 
   such image is offputting to me you do know you do n't have to join the parades right ? 
   he said he hates it because `` there are only drugs and bitches '' . 
  oh god that 's horrible . 
  i must see it for myself how horrible it is, 
   you just did yourself excatly what i was advocating for . 
  because i agree that it 's not all black and white . 
  but it 's still serious and should n't be swept under the rug . 
   how about just using the right words instead of just one term ? 
  it 's just poison for any discussion and reasonable developement to shove people who are 95 % on the right side in the same category as someone who 's literally on the worst side of humanity . 
  i do n't know what `` 95 % on the right side '' means . 
  it creates a weird sort of ranking . 
  if you dislike overt displays of homorelationships in society but believe they deserve exactly the same rights and obligations as everyone else , what side of humanity are you ? 
  if you have gay friends but believe the do n't deserve equal rights , what side of humanity are you on ? 
  there 's also this study : https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/homophobes-might-be-hidden-homosexuals/ things are n't black and white . 
  and maybe you dislike using the term `` homophobe '' but her attitude still presents homophobic tendencies like it or not . 
   someone who is homophob ca n't be around gay people comfortably by definion . 
  where do people get these ideas from ? 
  it 's like the people that think that racism means you think black people are monkeys and you absolutely can not stand them . 
  nope that 's not what prejudice is . 
  https://youtu.be/oorrq4vvqmy?t=50m44s heck here you have a former head of the kkk a profound racist that still interacts with people of other races that define him as `` a friend '' . 
  there was another louis theroux with some apartheidist ca n't recall . 
  and even that sack of pure racist shit said he appreciated and enjoyed black music . 
  you do n't have to go to caricature levels , to be defined a racist or a homophobe . 
  that 's one pair of ugly shoes . 
  sorted by ... contro ... neah i 'm not stupid . 
   have you noticed a drastic change in your life as a result ? 
  yes more expensive electronics and foreign imports . 
   you 've failed to explain how `` vote with your wallet '' is applicable you go to your local farmers ' market and you buy stuff there . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6jtlxmdyee here ya go . 
  looks very edible and good to me . 
  it 's not exactly rocket science is it ?
