  meanwhile i 'm happy that the assad regime was struck with missiles . 
   it 's not as if intelligence agencies of superpower ( or in this case a regional power ) would exaggerate to further their foreign policy goals justify previous behavior present proof of french intelligence lying . 
  if i were greece , i 'd leave some nuclear waste on the island , and let them have it . 
  the tax is to be paid by the employers meaning that they 'll have to fire them . 
   we should not have gotten involved in any way in syria . 
  yeah no . 
   it is not our battle to fight . 
  quite a few westerners are fighting there, 
   the best option is not getting involved at all . 
  so syria up to 2014 ? 
  you 're talking about political extremism when the subject is economics . 
  the vast majority of economists agree that free trade is good . 
  case closed . 
   extremism necessarily means `` not mainstream '' , and protectionism in the form of agricultural subsidies is very much mainstream . 
  do you understand the difference between politics and economics ? 
  or politics and biology ? 
  lem me give you an example : in europe the prevailing view is that gmos are bad . 
  does that mean that the scientists working with gmos and saying that they 're useful are extremists ? 
   that would make literally every french politician an extremist in economic terms since agricultural subsidies are pretty much untouchable . 
  so do you consider macron to be an extremist ? 
  yes . 
  and le pen much more extremist . 
  i want subsidies for agriculture to stop . 
  plain and simple . 
  i do n't want to die earlier so that farmers can buy cheaper diesel . 
   i got a feeling that they view everyone besides them as fascist  . 
  the head of fn in nice is a holocaust denier . 
  is that not fascist enough for you ? 
  let 's start with the abusive 10 % monthly tax on every foreigner that is employed . 
   you did n't answer my question . 
  that 's because you 're commenting about goals of communism when the discussion here is :  freer trade improves productive efficiency and offers consumers better choices , and in the long run these gains are much larger than any effects on employment . 
  and the answer is yes . 
   pretty irrelevant when discussing communist countries since full employment had higher priority than productivity under that system and everybody was poorer . 
  thank you . 
  case closed . 
   countries use protectionism where it benefits them benefits whom ? 
  it does not benefit me as a frenchman that the country has subsidized diesel fuel . 
   full employment . 
  at what productivity ? 
  communist countries would be useless factories and make them run just for the sake of running . 
  it was costly , polluting and it had very low productivity . 
  in the end everybody was poorer back then than they are now . 
   acting like advocating for protectionism is some extremist position is just making you look foolish . 
  it is an extremist position to argue that big economies now will benefit from protectionist stances . 
  https://www.un.org/press/en/2011/sc10200.doc.htm  to take all necessary measures to protect civilians under threat of attack in the country , including benghazi , while excluding a foreign occupation force of any form on any part of libyan territory -- requesting them to immediately inform the secretary-general of such measures . 
  what were the options ? 
   we 're talking about the merits of protectionism in general , hence my bringing up developing countries . 
  well communist countries also applied a high degree of protectionism . 
  to what effect ? 
  and what 's the most protectionist country out there ? 
  north korea ? 
  the examples were `` protectionism worked '' might simply be a case of perfect storms or chance . 
   you only need to look as far as the eu and us agricultural policy to see that protectionism is still the rule of the game even in the west . 
  and you see the eu and us policies are successful ? 
  the whole shabang of wanting to protect the agricultural industries is why the us is chock full of high fructse corn syrup or why we have diesel cars that are polluting our cities . 
  great success !, 
  we 're talking about 2017 france . 
  not sk 50 years ago . 
  not to mention that sk is extremely dependent on the giants that were formed during the protectionist era . 
  if those giants will start experiencing problems , major issues will arrise . 
   protectionism provides the necessary buffer until domestic industries are able to withstand foreign competition . 
  and monopolies are very good to increase investment in r&d . yet i do n't think anyone is arguing for monopolies here . 
  i have no idea what you 're bitching about . 
  there was a un resolution and the countries in the security council either voted for or absteined . 
  there is no main culprit since any country in the sec council could have veto it but they did n't . 
   if that economic book is good , it 'll say that protectionism is just an economic option among others , not intrinsically better or worse . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  did you ever follow an economics class ? 
  http://www.igmchicago.org/surveys/free-trade 95 % of these high level economists agree that :  freer trade improves productive efficiency and offers consumers better choices , and in the long run these gains are much larger than any effects on employment . 
  protectionism makes everybody poorer . 
  go to any economics class really . 
  it 's free in france to assist to a class . 
  educate yourself . 
   he wants to reduce corporation tax , reduce government spending and reduce healthcare spending . 
  so i 'm guessing you wo n't vote torry then ? 
  russia or china could have vetoed . 
  they absolutely love to do that . 
   understand what protectionism mean and have a hate-boner for the word or you know , / u/craftyspastic cracked open an economics book ? 
   to reduce environmental impact , newsflash mlp is eco-friendly !, 
  also part of the eco-friendly boost is to kick migrants ut of the country , they 'd travel less so super good for the environment . 
   i valiantly defend we can see your tit in [ this photo . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5d/eug%c3%a8ne_delacroix_-_le_28_juillet._la_libert%c3%a9_guidant_le_peuple.jpg ), 
   it 's because of bad solutions forced by the un/nato that the tensions are there . 
  yeah . 
  un forced your people to kill 8000 bosniaks . 
  gim me a break . 
   you ca n't expect three sides that warred amongst each other to live in peace just because you said so . 
  and one side committed genocide . 
  here you go from le monde . 
  http://www.lemonde.fr/syrie/article/2017/04/26/attaque-chimique-la-france-avance-ses-preuves-contre-damas_5117652_1618247.html i have 0 reason to suspect french intelligence of lying . 
   i was n't even born when it happend . 
  true . 
  the new generation that you 're from has really made a wonderful job out of bosnia and there are no more tensions over there . 
  my bad . 
   but the whole region for generations to come . 
  kinda ironic comming from a russian , is n't it ? 
   nato did participate in that disaster in libya though . 
  that was a un resolution though . 
   it was one of the first air raids against a defenseless civilian population , a technique that would later be used in countless cities and towns during wwii . 
  luckly we 've learnt since then and there were no more bombings of civilians since 1945 .
