  meanwhile : http://mobile.reuters.com/article/iduskbn1790xi?il=0 http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-juncker-iduskbn1791j2 sucks . 
   cluster munitions are not chemical weapons . 
  so one source is enough for you ? 
  you do n't need two independent ones ? 
  sorry that 's not enough with me , 
   white phosphorus is considered an incendiary bomb not a chemical weapon . 
  it 's not used for its toxicity . 
  so did saudi arabia use any chemical weapons ? 
   yeah we are putinbots you got us you are free to provide other sources rather than act like a victim . 
  no-one called you a putinbot , so are you into masochism ? 
  do you enjoy insulting yourself . 
   maybe no.the answer is no  he had no sources . 
   there is no solution to terrorism other than maybe deporting all muslims which of course would be incredibly stupid . 
  how would that stop terrorism ? 
  it would only increase tensions as we all have muslim friends and would not desire to see them be deported . 
   usa and un hypocrisy . 
  why ? 
  is saudi arabia using chemical weapons ? 
   y , the history is murky at best on this subject . 
  weird how you and / u/smthhappy offer the same source that rebels had sarin gas but offer no other sources . 
   as a rule of thumb i tend to not take countries who fund jihadi ( sorry , rebels ) networks at their word by default . 
  and we go back to https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/63zprt/eus_juncker_says_of_us_syria_strikes_use_of/dfyfcoh/, 
  you 're complaining about the eu . 
  and the eu will remain a strong ally to the us, 
  we 're talking about fatah al-islam . 
  and he had no real sources . 
   i said - well you did n't say anything relevant to thread . 
  you just used whataboutism 's cousin howaboutism . 
  you 're not answering the comment . 
  you 're deflecting . 
  do you think that after assad gets all the power , after putin spent billions in this ridiculous war , that putin will suddently say : okay let 's implement a democracy in syria because you americans asked for it ? 
   us friendly . 
  i 'm ok with being us friendly . 
  because they 're our allies . 
  you 're free to vote to leave nato and the eu . 
  no skin off our back . 
   what the fuck has happened with the establishment in our societies ever heard of circumstantial evidence ? 
  like who has sarin gas in that region ? 
  who can make potent and high quality stuff like that ? 
  who has that knowledge ? 
  where do you suspect it to come from ? 
   how about use of cluster bombs in yemen ? 
  we still cool with the saudis ? 
  so because of saudi arabia , we must allow chemical bombs insyria ? 
  is that correct ? 
  am i reading this correctly ? 
  [ where is proof ? 
  no proof !, 
  ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/098/084/243.png ), 
   and next ask them to start sending vodka through the pipelines , you may have better luck nah man . 
  do you never like make huge efforts to make something happen then when you 're about to make it happen just go : sure i 'll give this away . 
   we need to stabilise the situation no . 
  you mean russian stabilising the situation . 
   and than negotiate with the russians for him to step down . 
  yes . 
  i can totally see russia , after spending probably billions to keep a puppet government will just suddenly say : yeah guys you 're right . 
  we 'll press assad to leave . 
  that 's a thing that happens apparently . 
   there is enough circumstantial evidence to be . 
  your circumstantial evidence is berlin , france and israel where 2 out of the 3 were not refugees . 
  good job trying to prove that you are indeed what you are . 
  now i 'll block it because one has only a limited amount of time in their day and i 'm not here to correct t_d speech . 
   al nusra received chemical component used for weapon coming from the turkey border a few days before the attack . 
  when ` ill get a source for this statement , sure . 
   because i do n't think you 've checked any recent history book :  i do n't think you went to school in france to know how much time they spend on different parts of history :  history of africa is minimal . 
   does n't make me an idiot . 
  you 're an idiot because you make serious statements without any facts . 
  it might or it might not be an islamic terrorist attack . 
  but you 're still what you are . 
  do n't get pissed . 
  it 's reality . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seymour_hersh#speeches he said that the us gave arms to an islamic group without ever proving any proof and he said this also  basically what happened is that those women who were arrested with young boys , children , in cases that have been recorded , the boys were sodomized , with the cameras rolling , and the worst above all of them is the soundtrack of the boys shrieking . 
  that your government has . 
  they 're in total terror it 's going to come out again without any proof . 
  i need a stronger proof . 
  and considering it 's us ia , i deffo need stronger proof . 
  we all know iraq . 
   this proves also that eu is just a puppet . 
  if you want , we can send you le pen so you can vote for her . 
   she 's very russia friendly too , 
  in france we tend to teach french history . 
   the lockerbie bombing 30 years ago is equivalent to what 's become of libya since the arab spring ? 
  k. it 's a joke . 
  reality : we had a un resolution that needed to be implemented . 
  and looking back , do you prefer syria or libya ? 
  i checked the source , but the guy simply does n't seem that reliable . 
  back in the 70s yeah . 
  now , not so much . 
   there is no source now so you 're talking out of your ass trying to seem smart . 
  let me confirm to you that you 're an idiot ( hello mods ) and you 're using a terrorist attack to strike your own ego . 
   that giving them ammo history is not ammo . 
   pretty confident he is a refugee , do you have a source ? 
   us ia stated in 2013 can i have a source for that . 
  thanks . 
   most prominent piece of news as of late for you , huh ? 
  you mean to say that what happened in sweden was a syrian refugee ? 
  are you sure about that ? 
   sue me . 
  no need to . 
  i 'll let you change your comment and rethink the situation in its proper context .
