  france is n't exactly russia . 
  we have some very specific problems that need to be fixed . 
  also govts actually change hands in this country :p, 
  i prefer to focus on the future and not the past . 
  said the guy from a country that voted as president someone that said drug users should be killed and regretted that he did n't get to rape a british tourist that was killed . 
   do n't trust ~ ~ the ~ ~ this government ftfy, 
   this should have all been factored into the decision making process in 2014 . 
  it 's already very shady since turkey has a spotted past with police torture . 
  so a good lawyer could get them political asylum . 
  also they can directly kill opposants and the officials can play the `` it was a crazy mob '' card . 
   rather misleading but indeed society of spectacle . 
  people rioted because they did n't get their circus . 
  we had the same thing when the algerian civil war spilled into france through the gia, 
   scotland has had a referendum and voted to stay in the uk did you watch the news lately ? 
  situation is a wee bit different ... 
  but then again you 're the type of person that goes online and shouts that the eu will fall appart ... 
  so your capacity of objectively analysing a situation seems severely reduced . 
   if your comment was true there would not be an economic migrant jungle in calais there 's a jungle because there 's a sea . 
  if germany were an island , it 's calais jungle would be significantly larger . 
  see 1.5 million people, 
   most of them are in school or at university . 
  it does n't surprise me uhm . 
  you do n't include students in unemployment statistics . 
  you only include those that have no activity . 
   you made a clear statement equating modern democracy with declaration of human rights , rights for minorities and so on . 
  i said that democracy is a soup . 
  some of those ingredients are respect for minorities , religious freedom , right for minorities . 
  switeerland in 1920 is not switzerland in 2016 , is it ? 
  you are making stupid comparisons . 
  part of being a strong democracy is participation in voting and when 51 % of your population can not participate , it is not a strong democracy . 
  part of a democracy is individual liberties , if women can not have abortions , it is not a full democracy . 
  2016 switzerland decided to not build any more minarets , reduce immigration and voted against tougher penalties for immigrants . 
  where 's the non respect of minorities or whatever ? 
   that is not a guarantee at all . 
  yeah sure . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  give us a hello come autumn, 
  it 's a moot point since canada will remove visas ... 
  guess we know who won that stalemate . 
  yeah i keep hearing about aarhus again and again ( since 2014 ) . 
  i 'd also want other examples though of other regions ... 
  so there is a connection . 
  the plot thickens . 
   torture is illegal . 
  since when ? 
  for example sakine cans\u0131z was tortured by the police . 
  thats why she was granted asylum in france . 
  also [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/torture_in_turkey ) . 
  so it 's not completely uncocievable that they 'll be granted asylum . 
  did you just compare [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-13498040 ) turkey that also does [ this ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/turkey-security-judges-idinkcn0zw0oz ) or [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/in-turkey-erdogan-has-just-made-sure-that-press-freedom-hit-an-all-time-low-a6917206.html ) to switzerland ? 
  or do you just like to be a contrarian ? 
   feto is there any relation between that and the infamous feta ? 
  but worse than the cod wars right ? 
  ctrl+f ? 
  no i am french citizen . 
   you have some strange views on migration then . 
  how is it strange that one should be socially responsible ? 
  that one should not take from a society but participate in it ? 
  i am very grateful of the help i have received in becoming what i am today so i do not wish to move to another country just to make x % more in salaries . 
   i recommend studying greek democracy things have evolved since . 
  declaration of human rights etc etc. 
  rights for minorities etc etc, 
   do the pensioners not see their grandchildren emigrating because of the bad policies of their favorite politicians ? 
  dude you can have churchill as head of state . 
  you simply wont turn from a poor country to sweden in 10 years or 20 or even 30 . 
  get used to the idea . 
  and stop blaming everything on politicians . 
   do you have a written contract with your parents that you have to take care of them , or is that relationship based on mutual respect ? 
  getting a free education is part of that mutual respect . 
   bless your lucky stars that you won the genetic lottery and you were born in a high functional society such as france oh ffs . 
  i chose to become french and i did n't mooch from anybody . 
  i am educated in the country of my citizenship and i did n't and wont bail out when big multinational companies offer juicy salaries in other countries . 
  you ask for social cohesion yet you bite the hand that feeds you . 
  we do n't need more people like that in the eu , only chasing profits and money . 
   why do you think they take bribes ? 
  romania is a poor country . 
  some [ 30 % of people work in agriculture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agriculture_in_romania ) and the majority live in pisspoor conditions . 
  a lot of the commerce they do is through bartering . 
  oh l 'll give you some pork if you give me some meat . 
  i 'll give you honey if you give me eggs etc etc. 
  this is a non-taxable means of commerce . 
  the state doesn ( t go : oh i 'll take 4 slices of ham out of this transaction . 
  fewer taxes ... fewer means to pay state employees . 
  but it also means that farmers do n't have a lot of liquidity so they pay with goods often . 
  these people also tend to be the ones most affected by the migration of doctors . 
  i advise you to maybe go out of bucharest and see the reality that is romania instead ... 
  being without guilt does n't mean they 're crooked . 
  when your boss tells you to do something ... you do it . 
  i know ... crazy . 
  what ? 
  your comparison makes no sense . 
   and try to find your happiness elsewhere . 
  happiness goes beyond money . 
  why not talk about the lack of doctors eastern europe is suffering from ? 
  why should old people that paid taxes so that you can get a cheap education have to die quicker because they can not find decent medical care in their region . 
  is that normal to you ? 
  in the end there is no free meal and taxpayers will realise that they can not pay so that younger people can mooch off an education off them . 
  if you wan na be independent , go get a loan and get an education . 
  the amount of anti-social behaviour you present in your comment is ridiculous . 
  poor idiots pay taxes so that you can make something of yourself and you repay by saying they 're abusive .
