  what triggered you ? 
   california has a bigger economy than the great france . 
  http://www.lao.ca.gov/laoecontax/article/detail/90 i know you ca n't do french , but now even basic maths . 
  okay salty , go have a pasteis de belem and stop worrying what countries that actually have a saying in global politics and economics are doing . 
   a simple statement like this could have probably swayed the results of brexit . 
  if that 's what was needed to stop uk from leaving ... i 'm happy uk left ( well i am for many a reason ) . 
  lybian crisis is such a weak reason to leave ... since also ... you know who were the main proponents to bomb lybia . 
  well / u/magnusmiguel lecturing on how france should deal with its military is just as ridiculous as him lecturing germans on how to do economics . 
  or me lecturing on how china should do manufacturing and supply chains . 
  i have no idea why i 'm having this silly convo with / u/magnusmiguel and you . 
  portugal has no means to project any type of power . 
  ok you people sent some soldiers to fight in the 60s in mozambique . 
  war is completely different from what it was . 
  portugal has no military satellites so it counts on others for their any sort of intel . 
  has minimal airforce and army capabilities . 
  to make you realise that : france has in syria 62 % of portugal 's fighter plane capabilities . 
  if you 'd deploy 62 % of your airforce , what 's stoping any other country from invading you ? 
  you have no aircraft carrier , you have no nukes you have no dissuation power . 
  again just like with anything eu related . 
  just sit down and enjoy the ride . 
  everybody is corrupt . 
  only bibi is pure . 
   i dont doubt that the portuguese people would support an intervention , if needed , in mozambique . 
  if you have the capabilities , go for it . 
  do you have the capabilities to engage by yourself in a military operation thousands of km from home ? 
  your whole navy is only 4 times the number of sailors on our aircraft carrier . 
  we have twice as many nuclear subs than you 've got subs in total . 
  dude , portugal does n't matter . 
  no need to get pissed about it . 
  smile is for feeble and weak of character !, 
   do not always understand the concerns of central/eastern european countries concerning russia no . 
  but when georgia had its problems or when ukraine has theirs ... who had to face putin ? 
  and my point is : if you have the capabilities you should talk . 
  if not ... well just enjoy the ride . 
  totally agree on belgium . 
  she was quite a beaut . 
  italy 's photo is n't very flattering but the photo on the right , she really shines . 
  well chop chop . 
  a redditor on / r/europe told you to do this . 
  what are you waiting for ? 
  you have all my sympathy man . 
  as someone constantly told how le pen is to win this year by people who have no clue whatsoever about the french electoral system even ( let alone french society ) because `` leeel trump/brexit top kek cuuks '' you do have my sympathy . 
   why exactly ? 
  prisons can make good money and employ a lot of people !, 
  in france at least prisons are overpopulated . 
  and putting in prison someone who is n't a danger to society is not optimal . 
   he is not condemned well let the justice system run its course . 
   after 30 years that so it bothers you that the justice system is n't fast enough ? 
  well we could speed it up with livni then   asylum seeker he is not an asylum seeker . 
  he obtained it . 
  do you understant how asylum works ? 
   war criminals that have used torture during algerian war - bu ... bu ... but whatabout ? 
  what about sabra and shatila ? 
  what about the israeli illegal settlements ? 
  whatabout ? 
  :(  it is as selective , limited and bigoted as your worldview and your ` justice ' woaaa . 
  they do n't let me fuck uo palestine . 
  hey buddy , do n't worry ... maybe with trump you 'll get some new fancy settlements buddy . 
  would n't that be swanky ? 
  what 's the point of showing a 2015 graph if we have the results from 2016 and budget layouts for 2017 ? 
  no such thing will happen . 
  you 'll have the eu and china backing the agreement and the us wanting to take it down . 
  the us will then have to start an embargo on the eu and china ... how well do you think that 'll work ? 
  so the guy is condemned for acts of corruption in 20016 and two years later in 2018 the mitterrand a president dead since 96 gave him full honours ? 
  or do you not understand how political asylum works ? 
  we already told the us to not attack iraq . 
  so we 'll back the agreement and iran will still not go through an actual embargo . 
  the us will have to put the axis of evil countries : iran-eu-china under economic embargo . 
  you think that 'll happen  ? 
  and who do you think will be hurt the most economically when you 've got the eu and china on one side and the us on the other . 
  we might see the final moments of the us as leader of the free world if that happens . 
  so palestinians want to return europe to the stone age ? 
  besieged mentality much ? 
  https://www.google.fr/amp/www.aljazeera.com/amp/news/2016/06/france-charges-rifaat-al-assad-corruption-160628132321374.html  fuck this european bigotry . 
  so obama called and said : `` bomb this hospital ! '', 
   canceling the iran agreement will lead to a nuclear saudi arabia nope . 
  it 'll lead with war with iran . 
  it 's inevitable that israel will draw the us into it . 
  they almost did under bush but he was stuck in iraq and rice had some common sense left . 
  everything is well kinda bullshit . 
  sure it 's annoying and aggravating . 
  but iran is something trump can actually do a ton of real damage . 
  i hope europe will know to back iran . 
  we luff it so much we put the poke on top as a symbol in [ place vend\u00f4me . 
   making a clean exit and then joining again would just be stupid and create more uncertainty . 
  you do n't wan na pull a trump . 
  oh here 's this new awesome trade agreement we pacific countries have to put pressure on china . 
  oh wait nvm guys !, 
  and people are amazed psd won . 
  for me the point of no return with trump will be iran though . 
  alsace ... run luff , run . 
  big bad boche is coming for youz !, 
  what an original comment . 
  i totally did n't expect that from you . 
  kewl analysis . 
   they would not give up an ounce of sovereignty in the defense sphere unlike germany in the economic sphere or uk in any sphere in general  . 
  but it 's fine . 
  no pressure . 
  our army will survive , the tech is top notch , we export well in that area . 
  germany 's economy is also doing well .
