  i am not for such an argument . 
  i am more of a democrat . 
  let people vote and let their desires express themselves . 
   many moldovans ( even non-unionists ) see romanians as their closest nation , culturally and ethnically . 
  i 'm sure many people feel close to us ideals of freedom of speech , democracy and mcdonalds . 
  i do n't see the us handing out passports left and right . 
  you get a citizenship if you wan na be a citizen of a country , adhere to its values etc etc etc. 
  not because 70 years ago , your grandparents were romanian . 
  the former president of romania used the passport as some sort of golden ticket bullshit . 
  now those that might have had romanian friendly tendencies have left the country or are planning to . 
  and they 're stuck with the gift stalin gave them . 
  moldova is a failed state . 
   so they 're just sort of left alone by young people who do n't really watch those content providers any more . 
  so young people dont go on fb anymore ? 
  or youtube ? 
  okay . 
   your democracy seems to be a scam . 
  then dont move to france :d easy peasy japanese muh friend . 
  move to the us because the netherlands has the same hate speech laws : s no bueno . 
   you can be funny if you 're on the side doing the censorship , aww , you think i 'm funny ? 
  that 's cute . 
  who 's the cute freedom fighter ? 
  you are :d, 
   that 's good for you , does n't mean you can dictate all others and denying them their freedoms . 
  no of course not . 
  hence why we have a democracy and we vote for laws . 
  weird isnt it . 
   these are not the marks of a free society nor a free mind . 
  can confirm . 
  am slave ... of loooove, 
  i chose to live here , many choose to leave . 
  yes people have that freedom, 
  call them what you want . 
  i believe people should have the freedom to live in whatever type of society they want . 
  different societies have different values . 
  americans are shocked by nudity we 're shocked about race statistics in france . 
  such is lyfe . 
  neah the war in iraq created this issue . 
  thanks to your bff right wing politician mr bush . 
  and with the help of his left wing friend mr blair . 
  it 's almost like the world isnt in black in white . 
  but do you want to see in the news every time someone holds another person in a headlock ? 
  yeah it 's assault . 
  no it 's not newsworthy . 
  i have no idea what that comment is refering to . 
  the same article just a few lines above says :  from 1944 to 1951 , official courts in france sentenced 6,763 people to death ( 3,910 in absentia ) for treason and other offenses . 
  ** only 791 executions were actually carried out ** , including those of pierre laval , joseph darnand , and the journalist robert brasillach ; far more common was `` national degradation '' -- a loss of civil rights , which was meted out to 49,723 people emphasis mine . 
  the 9000 number you are given is before that and is during a war period . 
  the numbers are super fuzzy as well . 
  we have no idea who counts as what . 
   i was talking about failed integration policy , the situation in germany by far is n't as bad as in france the cases are different . 
  turkey is n't algeria . 
  between 1990-2000 , algeria was going through a civil war . 
  those problems of terrorism had an impact in france too with gia attacks . 
  also we have more muslim immigration per capita than germany . 
  germany is at 5 % of the population , france is at 7.5 % . 
  huge difference . 
   sorry , but there 's such a thing as due process and the rule of law . 
  and do we have proof that there was a massive disregard for the rule of the law ? 
   to use the same repugnant approaches represents are the files from each case hidden ? 
  did you bother checking the archives ? 
  those exist , you can check them out . 
  you are free to analyse the situation and demand that the french state correct the sentence . 
  indeed . 
  i am sure that many can demand now to see the documents from their trails . 
  i wonder how the moldavians that have taken the romanian passport just to move to germany would vote . 
  some were people who organised the vel d'hiv roundup , others were managers of the drancy internment camp . 
  these people were n't suspected . 
  others voluntarily joined the ss etc etc. 
  you will always have the moldavian language to keep you warm . 
  glass 's half full innit guys ? 
  so what will the new referedum be ? 
  * yes * no * maybe i wish you guys would vote already . 
  you 'll get a half measure , you 'll vote to stay in and that will be it . 
  this is becoming more drawn out that the us elections . 
   cruz beat trump ... by 1 delegate . 
  that 's not very good because cruz is stronger in iowa than most other places . 
  and iowans initially hated trump . 
  look at the spending too . 
  ttrump spent 3 million on iowa , cruz 6 , bush 14 :d and honestly like 2500 people voted from each candidate . 
  who gives a crap about those numbers . 
  some achieve greatness others can only dream of it ;, 
  also you got ta count all the romanians that left romania to go work in the construction industry in spain or italy . 
  a lot found themselves unemployed but they count in the spanish statistics . 
  that 's the bucharest people 's court . 
  i mean the cluj people 's court . 
  they were different . 
  you can read more here : http://www.yadvashem.org/yv/en/about/events/pdf/report/english/1.12_trials_of_war_criminals.pdf, 
  i 'd like to see the sources . 
  because in romania just the cluj people 's tribunal sentenced 100 people to death . 
  because there was little point in doing it after 1945 . 
  romania became a willful ally of the ussr on the 23rd of august 44 . 
  and michael did have some power and the goal of the ~ ~ nazis ~ ~ communists was to remove him from said power . 
  the real kangaroo courts in romania started with the fights inside the romanian communist party and the power struggles , with the elimination of patrascanu , his wife etc. 
  a lot collaborated with the nazis . 
  ours too . 
   or they at least pretend to do how did they pretend ? 
  us germany north korea ? 
  is n't it because a lot left ? 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_people there are about 10 times as many irish americans that there are irish .
