  sure it 's not always eu 's fault , but it 's also completely ridiculous to claim that any criticism towards the eu is always just a way to hit back at national governments . 
  human rights are an important part of the eu . 
   it 's an entirely different story in poland , where public opinion is far more divided . 
  that 's because in romania you can brand the issue with a nice little catch-word : corruption . 
  in poland it 's more complicated and abstract , dealing with questions of constitutional law etc etc. 
  but then again it 's more essential . 
  a corruption law you change quickly . 
  weakening the constitution can have severe long term repercussions . 
   the romanian people are clearly not in favour of this well that 's in terms of protests , that are of an order of lets say 100k for a population of 20m . 
  then again , during one protest , against the gay marriage act in france , 350k people showed up [ just in paris ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/opposition_au_mariage_homosexuel_et_%c3%a0_l%27homoparentalit%c3%a9_en_france#manifestations_du_13_janvier_2013 ) . 
  3 times larger than the protests in romania but our population is also 3 times larger . 
  so in proportion it was the same . 
  should juncker have called taubira to come before him and repell that act ? 
  and let 's not talk about the labor act , that saw numbers hit [ 500k-1 .2 m ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/gr%c3%a8ves_et_manifestations_anti-loi_travail_en_france ) across france . 
  protests a democracy do not make . 
  no matter how dear or how disgusting the cause is . 
   the eu must act on this . 
  eu should have stated clear and explicit goals . 
  it should have stated clear and explicit penalties . 
  romania was accepted in 2007 even though fears of corruption were still very much present https://www.euractiv.com/section/enlargement/news/corruption-may-scuttle-bulgaria-and-romania-s-2007-eu-bid/ and the eu actually had to track their progress even though they were accepted http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/5380024.stm if romanians are pissed , they have elections in 4-5 years . 
  they just voted psd+alde in a majority . 
   a stable union without values is worse than one with problems but one that sticks to its own convictions . 
  if only we were stable . 
  if only we had convictions other than : the eu ** must ** grow . 
  what should have happened and what should happen : let the democratic process runs its course . 
  after you prove that you are a stable country for several decades , you get accepted in the eu . 
  if that had happened , maybe uk would n't have left ... 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
   the german official asked the european commission president jean-claude juncker to urgently convene romanian prime minister sorin grindeanu in brussels and ask him to repeal the bill . 
  so if le pen is voted in , will she be asked to come before juncker if dumb laws are passed ? 
  so i should go in some random / r/france thread in order to tell this joke to / u/lupatine ? 
   french politics are bullshit enough . 
  at least the fdp we vote for are implicit , unlike germany . 
  the socialist train has no brakes . 
  would n't greens naturally go towards socialists ? 
   it 's still a minor scandal that does n't really invalidate his point . 
   it creates a situation where every candidate can easily be taken down by a minor corruption affair , because fillon went on and on and on about how people in the public sector are basically getting paid for little work while those in the private sector work their asses off . 
  and it turns out he was paying his wife huge salaries for no work . 
   le pen 's popularity is unaffected by any of the dirt in her closet . 
  because le pen fucked the eu and people who vote le pen hate the eu . 
  how 's that a surprise ? 
  we 've seen it with farange . 
  it 's amazing how people miss that . 
  what fillon did might actually not be illegal . 
  but the fact that he went on and on about how people in the public services or unemployed are getting benefits for little work , how he wants to slash 500k jobs in the public sector , how he wants to make those that remain work 38h while getting paid for 35h ... and now this came out , that he gave his wife a huge salary for nothing . 
  mr proper is dirty . 
   you seem like you would let your kid die before giving up everything you own , i ca n't say i would do the same . 
  if your kid has the cough , at what point do you go see a doctor if you 're an illegal ? 
  immediatly ? 
  after 2 weeks ? 
  when ? 
   i likely would n't be in the first place , but ca n't be sure . 
  so every uk citizen left australia or the us once their visas expired ? 
  naive much ? 
   yes of course i would if it provides healthcare to my sick family ... 
  so if your kid is coughing ... after what time do you turn yourself in ? 
  let 's ask the real question . 
  fuck man , i am happy uk is leaving . 
  i was happy before . 
  interacting with people like this makes me even more happy . 
  i can not give you the link to hate speech that got people arrested . 
  `` i confronted a muslim woman to explain the brussels terrorist attack '' gets you arrested in uk . 
  so please . 
  think safe , stay safe . 
  do not repeat what i wrote you ok !, 
  because it will get you arrested . 
  if you were one , would you ? 
  did you try to google ? 
  you must be too afraid to type it in . 
  they 're watching i know  think safe , stay safe , 
  an example was the one i gave you  . 
  think safe , stay safe . 
  do n't think unsafe  . 
  so you think parents will declare themselves if their kid does n't need urgent care ? 
  it was the child 's fault . 
  my friend . 
  it is a fine line . 
  please think a happy thought . 
  remember there are laws even on the internet and you 're very close to unsafe thoughts . 
  unsafe thoughts get you arrested like it already happened to other fellow british people . 
  so please , think safe !, 
   if not , you know ... if you see something , say something !, 
  that 's the spirit . 
  just happy thoughts . 
  no unsafe thoughts , 
  so let 's say you 're an illegal immigrant and your child is sick ? 
  what do you think you 'll do in this case ? 
  just be safe man . 
  be careful to not express any unsafe ideas , ok ? 
   do n't get yourself arrested . 
  remember , just think happy thoughts , 
   well i 'm not going to be inciting terrorist attacks so i should be fine . 
  i agree . 
  the person who wrote :  i confronted a muslim woman yesterday in croydon . 
  i asked her to explain brussels . 
  she said ` nothing to do with me ' . 
  a mealy mouthed reply . 
  did incite terrorist attacks . 
  so please stay safe , and do n't express any unsafe ideas , 
  just be careful what you say .
