   and it does n't really work out that way , imo . 
  well we ca n't be a federation . 
  each country has its own history , language , culture . 
  i 'm all for a more unified fiscal system but that 's about it . 
  each country should have their own armies , police , intelligence organisations . 
  you can not share these things . 
  it would be pointless to try and i can not find any massive argument for it . 
   why would people care that they come from settlements , again we do n't do this for so many conflicts around the world a few french banks did get a few billions of dollars of fines for dealing with sudan or iran . 
  again you 'll say that those are different and i 'll agree with you , but it 's not like we 're singling out israel here . 
   it is completely ridiculous . 
   and who looks anyways where a product is made . 
  so then it should n't bother you . 
  what 's the big deal in saying okay these are made in this or that area . 
  more information is always better than less . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xkfd3n_quot-pas-de-bras-pas-de-chocolat-quot_news ), 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdqatjpvofk ), 
  security should be in layers . 
  we have this crazy belief : well if we put all the borders on the outside , nothing bad will happen on the inside . 
  well before a baddie from some random place in europe would have to breach all the countries in ee , ce to get to we . 
  now , you just need to find the weakest link in a huge border . 
  why do you think the calais problem appeared after schengen ? 
   or in short : in the united states , the states are actually united . 
  in the european union , there is more european than union . 
  uhm one 's a federation , the other is a couple of different countries with completely different histories that decided hey lets share a few things . 
  you 're a german , you should understand how federations work . 
   we 'd better just set everyone here recommending birth control pills that they 're all `` doing it wrong '' . 
  thats why for some women , bc is kinda super bad for them . 
  and why people are looking on less disruptive bc methods . 
   i 've known quite a few women who have had second and third month abortions but you can not generalise to all women , can you ? 
  your source says that the plane was ( and i quote ) :  fired at while in turkish national airspace it doesnt say anything about when it was shot down . 
   in fact , the russian warplane was shot down in syria 's airspace , '' technically that is correct . 
   and you want this in all of europe ? 
  if anything , eu should be issuing a warning to france about such practices . 
  france is in a state of emergency if news get slow to you . 
  also without such a state of emergency , 3-4 terrorists that were hiding in seine saint denis would have committed a new terror attack . 
  several days later the belgians had to begin a state of maximum alert in brussels ( http://www.lalibre.be/dernieres-depeches/afp/attentats-alerte-maximale-a-bruxelles-l-etat-d-urgence-prolonge-a-paris-5650c8c93570bccfaf37956a ) . 
  do criminals stop working beween 12 and 5 ? 
   however , he said that because under the country 's penal code , no raids can take place between 9pm and 5am ** unless a crime is in the process of being committed ** or in case of fire , the police had to wait until after 5am by which time abdeslam was nowhere to be seen . 
  id argue that being a fugitive is a crime ? 
   you are no less predictable yourself , nor are most other regulars for that matter . 
  yes but i am less trollish . 
  hurr durr durr france should get a warning from the eu for having stopped a terrorist attack . 
  we 'll agree to disagree . 
  have a nice day . 
   that said , i do n't think that france was in a state of war either they can conduct searches now in france without a warrant . 
  that 's very serious shit . 
   and one terrorist attack can not plunge all of europe into a war ( or even france for that matter ) . 
  or even a dozen terrorist attacks for that matter . 
  well arent you an expert . 
  frankly i dunno why i replied to your comment . 
  you usually have cartoonish levels of predictability in your thoughts . 
  no nuance , one can predict what you will say before you say it . 
  well france was in a semi state of war . 
  why was n't belgium . 
  there 's the problem . 
  no unified reaction to a common threat . 
  and no hormonal issues ? 
  dude you make abortion sounds nicer than the morning after pill . 
  i freaked out for a moment : two people thinking french sounds like russian ? 
  wtf ? 
  then i realised it was just you . 
  you missed the gist of the comment . 
  he 's shifting blame . 
  yeah we have problems but other are worse hurr durr durr . 
  while it 's both their fault , it 's her that can end up with any physical problems . 
  so yeah money should n't be the issue now . 
  i doubt abortion is an easy peasy japanese procedure . 
  why ? 
  isis is just the little saudi arabia that couldnt . 
  do n't drink that hot tea while you ` ry angry man . 
  major spillage risk . 
   i know what i want and she ca n't see inside my head . 
  do n't be greedy . 
  give her some head man . 
  so if belgium is in a state of war , they can not attack the invaders between 12-5, 
   but could have tipped him off . 
  well it 's good that they caught him then . ^ / s, 
  me too . 
  exactly the same reasons . 
  i think nothing of the sorts . 
  i simply believe that all european citizens should have the same visa rights and i also believe the eu should use its diplomatic muscle to achieve that . 
  hence why i never vote for anti-eu parties . 
   if turkey was admitted if ifs and buts were candy and nuts , we 'd all have a merry christmas, 
   that fact alone means all eu citizens are not equal . 
  the rest of the world can do as it desires and the eu can do as it desires . 
  if the eu decides to act as a block , then it can start asking visas for americans . 
  americans can retaliate and ask visas for europeans . 
  it 's a dick swinging game , all because the us is afraid of a few europeans . 
  such is the state of the world and the eu is in its rights to impose equal treatment for eu citizens . 
   if the eu wants to make all eu citizenship equal and change their passports to an eu passport it would be a different situation . 
  all eu citizens are equal . 
   passports within the eu are unequal . 
  how come ? 
  any eu citizen is free to go wherever they wish to travel inside the eu . 
  what is the difference , do tell . 
  it does not have a say in who is admitted to the eu and who is n't . 
  does europe have a say to whom the us gives passports ? 
  the us hands them to puerto ricans that can benefit from visa free travel to europe , even though in the states puerto ricans can not vote ( well their vote and voice does not matter ) . 
  in the same way we created a european passport and citizenship . 
  if you deny it from some countries we should be able to decide on state by state to whom to give visa free travel for europe .
