  i 've even seen fanny packs :|, 
  yeah but you get to listen to a nice language : /, 
  yeah . 
  it 's like private matters should remain private . 
  weird is n't it ? 
  they talk loudly in the subway . 
  do n't know if you have the same problem over there . 
  how do you measure that ? 
  yup . 
  now with snowden you know how much peace you got . 
  i 'll eat those fries with mayo . 
  and pass on the burger . 
  dude , why wouldnt the brits listen to a nobel peace prize ? 
   they were physically assaulted by figures of authority in their lifetimes , so yes . 
  mlk was n't really . 
  and assault is n't torture is it ? 
   no , i do n't . 
  well that 's the context man . 
  you obviously see turkey as an external entity imposing their will on the kurds . 
   the french tortured algerians , so let 's resort terrorism . 
  it 's not a proud moment for us . 
  algeria was french , part of french territory , yet we do n't really consider ourselves very proud of that moment . 
  we do n't really say : wow we did a good job there . 
   ever heard of peaceful activism ? 
  gandhi , martin luther king , any of those names ring a bell ? 
  were mlk jr or gandhi ever tortured ? 
  `` one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter '' once you torture your opponent and resort to his means . 
  but at least we can agree that through your comparison with france , you do see turkey as a colonial power of sorts . 
  well you lose the moral high ground when you torture people . 
  you ca n't really pretend you 're on the side of freedom , democracy , etc. 
  and the two other women that were assassinated were 24 and 30 . 
  their job is staying at home and raising tiny terrorists . 
  that 's communism for you . 
  even the females have to come to the work place . 
   i bet no one has been tortured in modern french history , no one is proud of the algerian war . 
  we do n't really think it 's our shinning moment and that we were in the right because algeria was french territory . 
  was she given a fair trial in turkey ? 
  nope . 
  tortured . 
  if they were tortured by the french ? 
  kinda yeah . 
  hope so . 
  wow a 24 yo is an executive member ? 
  i dont think you understand what those words mean . 
  also that high ranking member got tortured by the turkish ... great job . 
  huh ? 
  what 's wrong with having a well supplied military . 
  do you need to be reminded that russia sent a mini submarine under their noses and the swedes were none the wiser ? 
  let them apply for asylum . 
  i 'm sure the eu is willing to help real refugees . 
  those poles sure are good at cost cutting measures . 
  yes but take for example https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sakine_cans\u0131z she was tortured by the turkish police . 
  clearly there is reason to give her political asylum . 
  we do n't give asylum to terrorist organisations . 
  we give it to people . 
  on and they also assassinated two women that were 24 and 30 . 
  clearly they were big big terrorists . 
  it 's not the turkish secret service 's that killed a 24 to woman in paris that will prove the world who 's on the right side of women 's rights . 
  or human rights for that matter . 
  goddam it man . 
  are you a red ? 
  do you hate freedom ? 
   we 'll just move the camps and the migrants toward the first countries which are italy and greece did italy have as many camps before schengen ? 
  nope . 
  it proves that once you remove the layers that borders create , you get camps , you get hundreds of thousands of refugees walking around europe , etc. 
  that 's why schengen is a failure . 
   maybe will we have to form a coalition of the willing to distribute the people before a coalition of the willing , we have to prove we can stop the flow . 
  a new summer another 1 million migrants ? 
  spread them across europe . 
  much much easier . 
  well it 's absolute terms and relative terms . 
  here we 're looking in absolute terms . 
  because that 's what counts in the end . 
  the 100k refugees austria has can easily be spread out . 
  the 1 million germany has ... good luck with that . 
  well they have to go from turkish territorial waters to greek territorial waters . 
  this forces greece to protect what essentially is its territory . 
  exactly . 
  when did the fist camps start ? 
  when did schengen start 95 ? 
  thank you for proving my point . 
  what ? 
   i think you 're underestimating desperation , there people are not picking their summer holiday destination , they 're already risking drowning . 
  how many people have drowned out of the million + that got through ? 
   macedonia , serbia and any other non eu state are absolutely not obliged under any circumstance to get involved in this stupidity . 
  that 's perfect . 
  they 'll create a 100 % efficient border . 
  of they 'll let everything through then those neighbouring eu countries will completely block the border . 
   yeah except those 10 % of people that get blocked from germany well those who are really refugees will still want to go to greece , those that wan na leech will be unwilling to take the route because they 'll just end up in some intermediate country . 
   they 're on their own from then onwards and the smuggler certainly does not care whether they make it or not . 
  well no one will pay to just stay in greece , will they ? 
  now they know that if they get to greece , 80 % of their route is completed . 
  now it will go dow n to 20 % /, 
  what 's wrong with you people ? 
  have n't you ever heard of layered security ? 
  migrants do n't want to go to greece , macedonia , serbia , hungary , austria . 
  they wan na go to germany . 
  if you people take a look at a map , you 'll realise that greece is n't a neighbour of germany . 
  what the eu wants is implement layered security . 
  let 's say immigrants want to go to germany and they have to pass through 6 borders .
