  there we solved greece 's problems . 
   the right to life does n't prevent you from dying . 
  so the state can kill you then ? 
  mkay , 
  see we 're both good at shitposting . 
  let 's let others actually deal with the problems of educating people and not mess with their crap , 
   is undignifying hey it 's the udhr : / and actually according to french law it is . 
  if you 're unemployed and receive benefits , you do n't have the obligation to accept jobs that are different from your area of expertise , that are too far from home or that pay way less than your previous job . 
  does it matter ? 
  if you 'll hand it to me , it 'll end up brown . 
   i would go for english . 
  are there so many greek teachers of maths , litterature , science etc that speak fluently english ? 
  how many refugee children actually speak english btw ? 
  no no , everything 's as simple as giving 2 links to general laws . 
   or consider they are not remunerated accordingly . 
  the udhr has you covered there too :  an existence worthy of human dignity and  everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family , including food , clothing , housing and medical care and necessary social services, 
  and you referenced either something that has no value ( udhr ) or something that is more tricky : if a refugee is on your soil for 3 months , does that mean that you have to build a school for them ? 
  in the case you cited , they 're permanent residents . 
  eh , it 's not a new turn of events . 
  daniel cohn-bendit harboured a known terrorist hans-joachim klein . 
  and there were a few italian terrorists that were given asylum in france by mitterrand . 
   as for the right to work , you apparently have limited understanding of english because everyone in france bar prisoners and minors have the right to work that makes no sense . 
  sure you have to `` right to work '' but if there 's no jobs ... then go fuck yourself . 
  surely in your mind you can realise the difference between the right to life that you mention and the right to work . 
  life is something you have , work is not . 
  it is ficticious concept that is ridiculous to claim it is a given natural right . 
   ) children can not just stay somewhere and do nothing all day . 
  i what language will you teach them in ? 
  did you bother reading the udhr ? 
  / u/martbehaim is right , it 's just a piece of paper . 
  it has no power of law or anything . 
  heck some `` rights '' are completely ridiculous : art 23 , i )  everyone has the right to work , to free choice of employment , to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment . 
  right to work ? 
  does that mean that 10 % of able french are having their `` rights '' trampled on ? 
   human right as stated by article 26 of the universal declaration of human rights . 
  exceptionnel that the udhr is just a declaration and does ** not ** have the power of law . 
  it just a declaration of things we mean to do , but wo n't really follow . 
  it 's not worth the paper is written on . 
  that 's why the us could torture people . 
  or why france can create apatrids . 
  or can torture people ( algeria war ), 
  i 'll just say it : wo n't anyone please think if the children ? 
   i 'm so sorry you got triggered i got triggered ? 
  you sent me a message bitching about me down voting you when i did n't even bother to do that . 
  those will be struck down by the eu . 
   this is laying the groundwork for such a development in the future . 
  yeah but uk is more developped than the average eu country while romania is n't . 
  a romout wo n't happen in our lifetimes . 
  wtf ? 
  how did this go from buying land to refugees ? 
  people on / r/europe have a chip on their shoulder . 
  if you given women the right to vote you can never take it back !, 
  translation please :p ( the polish part ) . 
  you got ta fight terrorism man !, 
  dude , we got it you did n't get a degree in biology . 
  no need to flaunt your ignorance . 
   they 're pretty fast . 
  if you want the fastest `` news '' go to twitter . 
  btw it 's mostly bullshit !, 
  ah okay got it . 
  your beef is that they bring in too much money . 
  got it . 
  you bitch about their effect on british economy but they had the same effect on french economy or any other . 
  you just get the benefit of having the jobs there while europe does n't . 
  so i 'm not sure what your complaints are ... 
  it 's not like banks will disappear . 
   by these banks you do realise that you did n't bail out gs right ? 
  but banks like rbs and ~ ~ barclays ~ ~ . 
  heck we 're talking about blackrock here . 
  whether is does show or not an increase , it 's pointless to show every murder . 
  yeah cuz fn is n't corrupt . 
  well not as successful since you had to import them . 
  all european bisons come from poland actually . 
  somewhere the most epic godfather scene is taking place . 
  why would those people admiring uk be socialists ? 
  if that were the case they 'd go after sweden or something like that . 
  france is different from the 96 la haine right guys ? 
  guys ? 
   equally costly and you still pay a lot for them during their lives . 
  we pay for the presidents after they got voted in and left office . 
  not before !, 
  getting out of the euro and eu is long-term ? 
  they have no backup plan, 
   europe 's stability was doomed the moment 1.5 million military aged men that 's a non-issue in france . 
  yes . 
  lybia was invaded because of `` lack of foresight '' :d definitely . 
  does it have anything going for it other than pretty building by the sea ? 
  the only original thing would be the danube delta but besides i do n't know . 
  casinos like these are for a small group of very rich people and they tend to be all about vanity , being seen , big harbour where they can put their massive yachts , tons of other activities they can do around . 
  x100 + x.x % . 
  there i did the math , 
   i guess people ca n't take criticism nowadays & nbsp ;  you had to be a douche about it . 
  lol, 
  when someone comments on other people 's english , i expect a flawless reply : /, 
  dude hearing you strut your opinions here makes me think you 're someone that has a lot of political power in the us . 
  are you a senator ? 
  what major role do you play ? 
   as well in my third language / r/iamverysmart, 
   which if you knew anything about germany is pretty hilarious , as for the public opinion , russlanddeutsche are seen as less german than the ones who once upon a time had a polish ancestor . 
  that 's one fine run-on sentence .
