  the marseille ones shout themselves up . 
  not cause terrorist attacks . 
  the bataclan is a nice concert hall . 
  pretty upscalish , nothing sleezy . 
  it 's in a really nice area in paris ( used to live 50m from there . 
  nope . 
  an s file is made by the dgsi ( french mi5 ) for those that are a risk . 
  about 10k people have it in france . 
  lets hope the clean all the ghettos of guns . 
  any bet these nutters have an s file . 
  be sure to check / r/outoftheloop when you guys come back . 
   these 40 year-old computers are less powerful than today 's pocket calculators , and use ** out-of-date programming languages like fortran ** i stopped reading after that . 
  the journalists are idiots . 
  well yeah , it 's 3 times as powerful since you paid 3 times as much . 
  a ) is was not a protest march . 
  just a simple march . 
  b ) you need security measures  they just got some people together to do the photo c ) no , those were heads of state ( 40 ) and other dignitaries , politicians , etc. 
  i fail to understand your problem . 
  yup , happens here in france too : http://www.metronews.fr/info/twitter-quand-nadine-morano-transforme-une-salle-vide-en-theatre-comble/mnig!bzkvoynvawp2/ the same was done by sarkozy , by le pen and i 'm sure the left is not immune to it . 
   this is pretty common stuff : see one two . 
  my brain is hurting . 
  these are heads of states , pms etc. 
  are you upset there are n't 4 million world leaders ? 
  the ch brought 4 million french in the streets . 
  the largest gathering ever in france . 
   for the urban romanian society * between the world wars * , read * caragiale * 's novels , does not compute . 
  check when he died . 
  heck just look at student bodys from france during the late 60s . 
  chock full of marxist-leninists . 
  they 'd think mao was the most awesometastic leader ever . 
  if you dont have retarded views when you 're young or senile , when are you supposed to have them ? 
  so , i strongly support certain parts of jacksonian democracy  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trail_of_tears about 4000 people died on that death march . 
  indeed a fine example of jacksonian democracy . 
  do you pick and choose which parts of your history you agree with ? 
   mccarthy 's claims and obviously they were found to be false . 
  just like stalin 's claims and heritage was found to be false by the russians after his fall ? 
  lets not pretend that there is a country out here with a tainted history or a completely flawed background . 
  from france to whatever , severe atrocities have been committed . 
  people who were alive and well during that period , that could have stopped or limit those atrocities , now we claim they represent our set of values . 
  and when presented with these facts , we start doing a sort of moral limbo : * it was accepted at the time * ( no , there were a ton of voices that were against it , heck even the pope ) , * lets not focus on this small issues * , * everybody was doing * ( no , not everybody was doing ) . 
  but hey , we hold the scepter of truth . 
  our values are represented by the best of our people . 
  while chinese values are represented by mao and russian , by stalin . 
  if you wan na blow yourself and pat yourself on the back saying how great you are , be my guest . 
  i 'd rather have a more historically accurate view on the matter . 
  then do you have the same values as andrew jackson or joseph mccarthy ? 
  and heck we can go 60 years back in time and talk about equality and freedom . 
  honestly what big innovation did uber bring ? 
  gps tracking ? 
  paying with an app ? 
  do they have any specific patents that would block any new company to show up and take their market share ? 
  :d so that 's how we can convince you to stay ? 
  oh britain !!!, 
  look how good friends we are with les allemands . 
  we would be much closer if you go . 
  i can not wait to go on vacation with them . 
  share some wine and some bratwurst . 
  they have such thick tasty bratwurst . 
  not like ze brits . 
  yours is petit . 
  please go . 
  now you 'll vote to stay just outta spite , 
   it means more areas we can conquer in the next wave . 
  next wave = british baby boomers retiring in catalonia ? 
  qmc does n't give you any actual error bounds on your result unlike mc methods that do ( where you obtain a confidence interval ) . 
  so that magic rate of ln ( n ) ^ somepower / n is great but you do n't know actually know how close you are compared to the actual result . 
  randomised qmc is just jiggling the low discrepancy sequence with a uniform sample mod 1 . 
  slower but you get a confidence interval . 
  no error bounds , so use a randomised algorithm . 
  japan ? 
  the country that will drown in old people ? 
  depends . 
  do you share the same values as trump ? 
  no problem . 
  it 's good that it gives us time to try and close some borders maybe . 
  welp . 
  better turn off the heating a bit . 
  yes . 
  but if turkey becomes as rich as norway , i 'm sure many europeans would see it with a different eye . 
  in this particular example : serbia is a christian country and the difference is just 15 % . 
  the gdp per capita is about the same as romania 's . 
  for a country that would be the second largest in the eu , that 's * not * a great thing . 
   because it is not worse than other balkan countries . 
  if it joins , it would be the second largest country in the eu . 
  for a country * not worse than other balkan countries * , that 's not a good sign . 
  catholic monasteries ? 
  monte-nword . 
  that would mean that current day tuscans are n't italian because etruscians lived there and etruscians are not an italic people . 
  you 're drawing with a very thick brush . 
  and the roman empire extended into the italic peninsula by war . 
  other italic , non-roman people were refered to as socii ( associates-allies ; check samnites that lived in abruzzo ) . 
  those socii did n't gain roman citizenship until a war ( after they 've been under roman rule for 200 years ) . 
  who gave them that citizenship to appease the tensions : caesar - but only to those that did n't rebel . 
  divide et impera . 
  unless you want to present any actual arguments besides : they 're all italians cuz of course they i and i say so , then we 'll have to end the convo here . 
  and we 'll agree to disagree . 
   the post-caesar empire separated its conquests into provinces based on the peoples ( nations ) that lived there and sent governors to administrate them . 
  that existed before caesar . 
  and no , they were not separated into people ( current day france was split in belgica , narbonensis , aquitania , celtica-the largest - but that doesnt express the complexity of tribes that existed back in the day ) . 
  and no people is not the same thing as nations .
