  ( venice ca n't do that since it 's in italy ) . 
  dude , really . 
  check history . 
  read up . 
  things happen for a purpose . 
  venice had power because they occupied a very central position in global trade and had military power which it abused for its benefit . 
  that is no longer the case today . 
  i really fail to see your point , really . 
  i 'm struggling to see what kind of non-touristic activity you see for venice that would make her as rich . 
  they should simply try not being a small , cramped , every square inch is already built , very difficult to maintain/stock/provide for city . 
  why did n't other people think of that ? 
   people come to venice with a precise idea in mind ah ouais ? 
  and they go to paris why ? 
  because they want to see the birthplace of vlc : chatenay-malabry ? 
  remove the water with pavement and venice will become just as interesting as cordoba or pisa maybe . 
  way less interesting than florence . 
  venice is a tourist town and that 's it . 
  it ca n't function as something else . 
  you ca n't put a factory there , you ca n't put your major software company there . 
  imagine you do by some miracle create a successful company . 
  and you somehow manage to hire 5000 people . 
  thats about it . 
  you ca n't really have a bigger office space for other companies . 
  you are venezia . 
  look at paris . 
  it 's already strangled and it can build which ever way it wants . 
  venice does n't have that luxury . 
  prices would skyrocket till someone asks : wait why do we insist to stay in venice ? 
   there would be more families and students ( most students are commuters ) 19k students apparently . 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8360253.stm population of venice proper in 2009 : 60k . 
  so 1/3rd of the population of venice would be students . 
  does that sound reasonable to you ? 
  with such a one trick poney like venice it really is an `` either/or approach '' . 
  it 's too small and too removed from economically viable activities to be something else than what it is . 
   maybe we are having different concepts of what it 's a good tourists ,5000 euros is a mad amount for a week , i did n't even spend 3000 in two weeks at norway and sweden well you said you want rich swiss like tourists . 
  a family that rents a chalet in the swiss alps in order to ski next to famous resorts . 
  all that shit costs moneys . 
   , i just want tourists that go to the bathroom instead of pissing at the streetlamps . 
  then stop promoting that and hire more police officers to police the streets . 
  stop offering pub crawls and stuff like that . 
  how come the south of italy does n't have your problem , huh ? 
  you want to have your cake and eat it too . 
  you do n't do that . 
   vega sicilia & nbsp ;  chefs like adria , one swallow does not a summer make . 
  oh ... we know . 
  there are areas that re almost devoid of tourists like castello . 
  honestly go 200m away from the train station-rialto-st mark route and it 's a completely different city . 
  and that being said : venice is the panda of cities , we can be amazed why they 're still around but we feel the duty to preserve them since they 're so unique and cuddly . 
  stores are not easy to supply , friggin ambulances have to be boats : all that shit is expensive as f *** i imagine . 
  so you ca n't really complain . 
   we are a really mountainous country , with plenty of places for skiing dude . 
  what 's your competition ? 
  the alps . 
  really ? 
  sure maybe in the pyrenees but that 's more a place for exploring rather than skiing . 
  you ca n't compare swiss or french ski resorts ( chamonix , st moritz ) their fame/prestige . 
  again it 's a question of vanity . 
   we can offer a really good cuisine that the swiss do n't have instead of having supermarket tourists . 
  you 're competing with an area that is italy , switzerland and france . 
  is there really any competition in terms of cuisine . 
  the swiss are very good at mountain cuisine : raclette , fondue . 
  spain : darn maybe you have 3 cheeses ... maybe . 
  if you wan na attract big spenders you have to change the cuisine to a more high class one . 
  just like in italy where one in 3 restaurants serves pizza , one in 3 restaurants in spain serve tapas because well you know . 
  france has higher ranking cuisine , expensive wines , nice chateaux . 
  shit that rich dicks love . 
   like the mosque of c\u00f3rdoba i 'm sorry but cordoba , besides the mesquita ( which is great mind you ) does n't have much going for it . 
  a bridge and a tower ? 
  4 roman columns ? 
  narrow quaint streets ? 
  those are a dime a dozen . 
  why would someone spend 5000 euros for a week in cordoba ? 
  no parks , not a ton of attractions , nature is n't great in the area ( quite flat ) . 
  the same goes for seville . 
  2 streets , the alcazar ? 
  plaza d'espagna which is deffo nice . 
  but do you need more than 3 days to soak it in ? 
  i mean i love spain . 
  it 's awesome . 
  but i can experience spain without having to fork a ton of money . 
  i can have an awesome time without having to spend 400 + euros per day ( hotel included ) . 
  i can eat divinely for 40 euros . 
  i can eat so well for 20 . 
  in paris 20 gets you reheated industrial food and resentful looks from the waiting staff . 
  i 'm not saying this as haha look at itapoor and espooragna . 
  rich tourists go to places to avoid the locals . 
  i go to italy or spain to meet the people . 
  the med experience is one about connecting with the culture of the locals and it 's not the most expensive area in the world . 
  hence why you get lower class tourists ( much like myself : i dislike spending 2 weeks and paying 80 euros per day on food for example ) . 
  castello ? 
  is a very nice area , really . 
  clean and fun . 
  you can see it 's the place where venetians live since they sun dry their laundry outside . 
  they also have a bunch of communist style apartment buildings but i still think it 's very nice and clean . 
  more in the center area and the jewish ghetto it 's a bit of a mess . 
  also some parts on the grand canal , you see old decrepit buildings that severely need a make over . 
  but not really in castello . 
  let 's face it . 
  without tourism venice would have stopped existing a long long time ago . 
  it 's not like they have a ton of other things they can offer the world .
