  they 're already in the eu . 
   important country when it comes to the immigration crisis and the v4 he already expressed the fact that he wants sanctions for poland and i also think hungary because of their political mess and the way they refuse any cooperation to work on the refugee problem . 
  nice try fb . 
   just like melania trump . 
  honestly shows how big of a failure we are . 
  melania is no le pen and fillon is no michelle . 
   u still have to process them one by one i `` m sure germany processed the nazis one by one . 
   just commented several times where i explained how collective punishment and i explained how it 's not collective punishment . 
  they were not welcome in poland and they went to germany . 
  west germany even started paying to get them back . 
  i 'll stop this whataboutism and ridiculous conversation . 
  population movements have happened for ages . 
  french from colonial algeria moved back to france . 
  not ethnic cleansing . 
   youre dense . 
  can you comment without insulting ? 
   a collective punishment on an ethnic group and thus ethnic cleansing . 
  period a collective punishment for a group that sent 25 % of its people in the nazi army . 
   as i said alot of them had lived in poland prior to ww2 and they betrayed their country . 
  as such they had to leave . 
   citizenship means something . 
   they proclaimed themselves as the official authority so the bosniaks did n't have serbian bosnian citizenship ? 
  i am shocked !, 
  and they were n't asked to move but were starved and shot ? 
  i am shocked once more . 
  there were massive populations displaced during that war too , no one 's bitching about that . 
   i guess you could say the bosniaks who were murdered were citizens of yugoslavia and `` committed high treason by being supportive towards separatist militias '' since when were the serbian bosnian the official authority ? 
   you know the nazis genocided other people than just jews right ? 
  yeah polish . 
  russians . 
  as you know polish are n't german . 
    yes but i dont think wholesale ethnic cleansing is okay wtf are you talking about ? 
  citizens of another country were no longer welcome in poland . 
  so they had to leave . 
  did finland genocide the soviets when they had to leave the country ? 
   you could accuse all the civilians of the areas you just occupied with `` high treason '' because they supported the government of the hostile country and genocide them . 
  they were polish citizens so their loyalty was with poland . 
  when you conquer a country , you do n't suddently name every conquered person , your citizen . 
    the civilians supported bosniak militias so it was okay to kill them for high treason ? 
  there was no unique citizenship back then . 
   how is this different from the nazi policy of ethnic cleansing ? 
  did the jews collaborate with anyone ? 
  do you understand the concept of citizenship and duty to one 's country ? 
  still doesnt make it okay to kill them . 
  either morally or legally . 
  people accused of high treason in that era . 
  but of course so , 
  the vast amounts of killings were performed during the advance of the soviet army . 
  those killings are by and large recognised . 
   deported innocent german civilians well if they 're not polish ? 
   civilians support war efforts . 
  civilians supported the nazis . 
  ftfy , 
  the law says differently . 
   a document from the potsdam conference is a nazi source . 
  right . 
  ** look at the fucking data ** . 
  it 's written there ; 1939 census . 
  who do you think did a friggin census in 1939 in germany ? 
  the soviets came to germany to do census ? 
  the americans ? 
  churchill came to hitler and said : mind if we do a census , chaps ? 
  no it was germany . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/census_in_germany and since you apparently seem to be very loose with german history , let me remind you that in 1939 germany was nazi . 
   these areas had been german for centureies . 
  yeah . 
  2 centuries . 
  2 centuries of oppressed poles . 
   look at the allies map from the potsdam conference yourself : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2d/vertreibungsgebiet.jpg ** based on the fucking 1939 nazi census . 
  ** it 's written there in the friggin corner . 
  dude , should i wait for you to shout deutschland uber alles ? 
  to demand the sudeten ? 
   i also see that you simply seem to have a problem with germany if you , a person that uses nazi sources and does n't know the oppression caused by the germans , represent germany , yes i have a big problem with germany . 
  luckly i know that not a lot of germans suffer from ridiculous nationalism like you do . 
   look at a map of the area from the interwar period . 
  then look at a current map . 
  i mean the territories annexed by poland and the ussr in the aftermath of ww2 from germany . 
  these areas with  90 % german population . 
  yes these areas include * silesia * pomerania * south of east prussia * neumark what you forget ( besides the naziesque rant hurr durr 90 % germans which is false for upper silesia and parts of the s of e prussia ) is that the regions of silesia and pomerania were traditionally polish . 
  it is just that during the centuries , germans ( in their traditional ethnic cleansing fashion ) did everything in their power to get rid of poles . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ostsiedlung_in_pomerania#ethnic_relations  bialecki ( 1991 ) writes that by the 14th century , the german merchants in the major towns of the region enacted laws which aimed to discriminate against the native slavic population . 
  these included restrictions on membership in the guilds , public use of slavic languages , and double taxation of non-german merchants . 
  during the 14th century slavic landowners were often expropriated and their lands turned over to german colonists . 
  as a result the process of germanization accelerated in the late thirteen and fourteen hundreds . 
  your mighty ruler otto von bismarck practiced the same system https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prussian_deportations https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prussian_settlement_commission he set up a commision to buy land from the poles in favour of the germans . 
  poles were ruthlessly discriminated against during that time . 
  otto was simply a precursor to hitler . 
  read his `` polish question '' speech , it 's quite exemplary of that . 
  is that obtained through colonisation and ethnic cleansing really your land ? 
  do you really need to propagate these nationalistic views , 70 years after the nazis ? 
  check your history , see what you did . 
   oh i am well aware of the volksdeutscher selbstschutz - however , their actions ranged from full on terrorism , sabotage and genocide down to housing german soldiers . 
  so these polish citizens aided the german nazi army in the destruction of their country , poland . 
  according to french law at that time , this amounts to high treason with the punishment being the death penalty . 
  current punishment is loss of french citizenship and maybe life in prison . 
  so they lost their polish citizenship and were asked to leave the country ? 
  i cri evertme . 
   the polish sent the germans from german land . 
  what `` german land '' are you talking about ? 
  silesia for example ?
