  if you say you do n't give a shit ... how about you start by not giving a shit ? 
   stop making ridiculous claims about people you do n't know . 
  exactly . 
  people should mind their own business , 
   i care where he 's buried though because the queen bought a burial place for them for 29 million kroners , loaned from the state , a few years ago . 
  why do you care though ? 
  if it 's a loan , you 'll get it back . 
  and regarding his personal decision ... again it 's personal . 
  if i pay 3 million euros to have you buried somewhere , does that mean you have to accept ? 
   it had been expected that the pair would be buried together in a specially-designed sarcophagus at roskilde cathedral . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roskilde_cathedral seems to be a cathedral where you bury royalty in denmark . 
  was he consulted when the decision to pick the burial place was made ? 
  how would you like it if people told you where you should be buried because you had so and so job ? 
  i did seem to rustle some feathers . 
   well certainly nothing remotely close to the german approach did people forget the percentage agreements already ? 
   censoring facebook , twitter and youtube . 
  coming from a brit that 's waaay funny . 
   sabotaging the eu ? 
  yeah . 
  random redditor from slovakia sure has that power . 
   i agree that the statement that everything can be forced through the eu parliament is wrong , but that does n't mean a country can not be outvoted within the eu decision-making process . 
  so ... is n't that the idea of joining a union ? 
  when you marry someone , do you get your say in everything and everything must be done according to what and how you want ? 
  sometimes you do shit you do n't like because you 're in an union . 
  if you can cherry pick whatever you live and ignore what you do n't ... well we 've seen how that works . 
   not wanting to be buried alongside your wife she is not her wife first and foremost , she is the queen of denmark . 
  she does not act as a wife but as a ruler of a country . 
  you do n't get to be buried in the cathedral where they bury kings and queens of denmark by being an average danish spouse . 
  she will not be buried with fellow family , but with fellow rulers of denmark . 
  family that were not rulers do n't get to be buried there . 
  looking how things were set up , they most likely did n't even talk it amongst themselves as a couple where to be buried . 
  if your spouse ceo of company x tells you one day : hey i 'll get buried with my fellow former ceos of company x , you 're invited to come along , i think you 'd be pretty pissed , would n't you ? 
   not really about the burrial though have you read the article . 
    it 's maddening for me where the hell did i use that word ? 
  dude are you fake quoting me ? 
   people are n't only calling him petty for not wanting to get buried with the queen . 
  / u/ttt -12 literally said he 's not danish . 
  so yeah with 99.99 % certainty that 's the only thing he knows about henrik, 
   but what i wo n't fucking tolerate is someone complaining about the life in luxury that we you 're arguing about where some dude said he 'll want to get burried . 
  and ** you 're ** arguing that others are petty ? 
  are you for real dude ? 
   the tax paying citizens , provided him with . 
  then stop having a monarchy . 
  what 's this ? 
  i give you money but i get to decide how and when and what to speak ? 
   well , he used to have french citizenship , which i think was his point ... 
  he 's danish now , he 's not french . 
  it 's odd that someone that has been danish for 50 years gets thrown in his face how he came from elsewhere . 
  it 's a very very high probability that he 's been danish for far longer than you or / u/myroomatemyroommate . 
  it all makes it seem so petty . 
   do n't come here and take our money and then bitch about petty things . 
  wow , that is surely to make him feel accepted . 
  he has no french citizenship , he 's all yours . 
  it amazes me that people get so petty about something that is ultimately a person decision . 
   he 's a fucking ass hat . 
  why do you give such a shit where someone you never met decides to get buried ? 
  holy shit , you guys deserve henrik , you 're all petty . 
   to avoid your wife over alll eternity that 's not exactly how death works . 
  that being said , we can argue that he does n't want to be buried in a cathedral considering he did n't feel like he belonged in that context . 
  i do n't get what people 's beef is . 
  we can very well argue that it 's odd that the queen does not wish to be buried with her family , why be buried in a stuffy cathedral ? 
  honestly , it 's their personal decision , what do you care one way or the other ? 
   there is no job description and everybody has an opinion on how you should do your job . 
  everybody looks on closely on what and who you do . 
  i was about to disagree with you , the i realised that we 're arguing about where a person wishes to be buried and criticizing him for that , even though it 's one of the most personal decisions one can make . 
   heck , i 'd even support expelling their ambassador , yes i heard escallating really helpes to solve problems . 
  thanks for pointing that out to . 
  communism only affected certain parts of the globe . 
  while gw will affect every human being . 
  yes indeed capitalism as we have it now is the best system there is and no way are we approaching a cliff that will mean many many will suffer unless we change radically what we have now . 
     that is not to say global warming does n't screw us too . 
  so your estimate that by the time gw will be over , the number of deaths caused by it will be lower than that caused by communism ? 
   whenever someone comes up with a viable alternative . 
  so global warming is the viable alternative ? 
  i had the impression we 're in deep shit . 
   no one is purposely attempting to create global warming , they just do n't care . 
  no one is purposely creating economies based on non-stop consumption ? 
  are you sure about that ? 
  it 's the growth of the gdp the holy grail of our economies ? 
  if you gdp grows , you are an awesome economy , if it stagnates , oh dude , you have huge problems . 
  is that again indifference ? 
  so global warming wo n't entail massive levels of human suffering ? 
  wow , i like your optimism . 
   when every single time you attempt something , it ends in massive , horrifying levels of human suffering ... 
  when will we tackle global warming caused by our incessant consumption ? 
  shit has amazing grip . 
  i 'm happy when i go to italy because food is so much cheaper there . 
  * cries in french *, 
   the people do n't suspsect a thing yeah . 
  great spelling dude . 
  absolute value scale . 
  the ceo of france changed and this new one wanted a better deal . 
   because these are private companies so why are you talking about european values then if you have a vision of private companies ? 
  private companies have no european values , they have only one value maximize profits . 
   the french state is inserting itself in this . 
  the french state has 1/3rd of the shares and it has the right of first refusal . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right_of_first_refusal so no they 're not inserting themselves . 
  they 're the most important shareholder . 
   if macron truly sees himself as an europeist , so wanting to split 50-50 is n't wanting equality amongst europeans ? 
  because for me that is precisely what equal distribution between europeans is .
