  punctual terrorists attacks are not . 
  recurrent threat which france is facing merah , charlie hebdo , villejuif churches project , thalys project , last friday . 
  and there are about 1500 more french jihadists . 
  and about 3000 european ones . 
  if you want an honest debate give me some numbers from al qaeda , if not , lets exchange bull shit remarks . 
  yup . 
  i 'm sure the potatoe famine is still causing animosity between you and the brits but i think you somehow when over it , right ? 
  heck ww1 & ww2 caused a lot of animosity between thr french and the germans ( which were split for 40 years ) . 
  yet here we are today . 
  where there 's a will , there 's a way . 
  if there 's a will to find excuses , we can find millions . 
  did you answer the question ? 
  because i didnt see any numbers . 
  and you 'll see hungarians complaining about trianon . 
   muslims believe the quran was verbally revealed by god to muhammad through the angel gabriel ( jibril ) , [ 4 ] [ 5 ] gradually over a period of approximately 23 years , beginning on 22 december 609 ce , [ 6 ] when muhammad was 40 , and concluding in 632 , the year of his death . 
  i 'm saying what wiki is telling me and the interner . 
  also :  muslims believe that the new testament was originally a book of holy scripture called al-injil ( translated sometimes as the gospel ) that was revealed to isa ( jesus ) very much like the quran was revealed to mohammad . 
  so i 'm not sure i trust your word that the new testament is in the quran  by the way : what do you think `` testament '' / covenant means ? 
  see . 
  those xtians ca n't even agree on a name . 
  the bible . 
  the holy scriptures , the old and new testament . 
  this also does n't mean we should shove so much media up their asses we see them morning , noon and evening on tv . 
   all of them larger than the france attack a ) uk attacks 54 people died . 
  b ) it 's not about the number . 
  answer me this simple question : how many western european were fighting for al qaeda ? 
   after the madrid bombings in spain people voted `` en masse '' to the left . 
  your premises are wrong . 
  i 'm sure that 'll happen in france too . 
   was n't it god who revealed the ten commandments to moses on mount sinai ? 
  are n't the teachings of jesus by definition those of god ? 
  yes . 
  but the ten commandments , while simple . 
  they give no punishment . 
  do n't do this ? 
  if you do what will happen ? 
  i aint got no clue . 
  the teachings of jesus are the word of god . 
  transmitted through several sources . 
  in the bible , there will be 4 versions . 
  the quran ? 
  it 's the recitation of the word of god directly . 
  not to mention that the fundamental of christianity is the new testament which will be less * if you do this , you shall die in fire etc etc * there 's a very distinct difference between the two . 
   so i can not really see much difference because , in fact , they literally come from the same source . 
  well you should see the difference . 
  the bible is a collection of books . 
  they were written by a lot of people . 
  some were discarded , others were considered . 
  and the final version of the new testament with its 4 gospels took about 300 years to form . 
  no christian believes jesus wrote it quran : gabriel giving the word of god to mohammed . 
  done . 
  i think we can agree one has more power in the presentation of its followers than the other . 
  we refer to the bible as the scriptures ( many books ) . 
  quran : the recitation . 
  but pretending buddhism is the same as islam will make us lose sight of what issues may appear . 
  uhm , good luck then . 
  30 mins is suuuper tight . 
  if you 're in the back of the first plane , if the plane is delayed a bit , you 're screwed . 
  well of course if you close the border and take out the  mission accomplished banner , that would be retarded . 
  yet , just like it security is in layers , normal security should be in layers too . 
  the article you cite does n't mention border controls . 
   it 's hard to find willing recruits , to co-ordinate plans , and to execute those plans -- and it 's easy to make mistakes . 
  looks at date of article : 2009 . 
  so when 400 belgian jihadists come home , what 'll happen ? 
  when those god knows how many french jihadists come home and are home , what will happen . 
  fucking terrorists attacks . 
  it 's enough to have 1 terrorist attack per month to fear . 
  once people fear , people vote right . 
  once people vote right , people vote more to the right . 
  if you listen to the fear . 
  if you introduce a layered security where if one system fails , another catches up , it 'll be better . 
  if people are ignored , le pen 2022 . 
  what company gives connections where 20 min tardiness makes you lose your flight ? 
  but you 're saying terrorism is about discontent . 
  why did n't al qaeda attract so many westerners ? 
  because isis is aboit a caliphat . 
  it 's a simple concept retards can understand . 
  and it 's also political . 
  make your cause political and you 'll gain steam . 
   a key aspect of any terrorist is resentmen then you misunderstand terrorism . 
  it 's political . 
  ira was n't aboit poverty , neither was the communists , anarchists , eta , the corsicans . 
  and your comment does n't explain at all terrorism in muslim countries . 
  but hey , keep playing the same record . 
  well democracy if bad is no better than a bad form of dictatorship . 
  i am not blaming holy books for the behaviour of terrorists . 
  i 'm blaming holy books for the fact that a large part of muslims are homophobes , anti-semitic . 
  do you disagree ? 
   after all , there was a time in history in which muslims were the tolerant ones . 
  and ? 
  do they get a pass ? 
  okay pakistanis and iranians you can kill gays , because 800 years ago europe was a shithole . 
  okay bahrain , you can chop off hands of thieves because 300 years ago europeans were killing each other in religion wars . 
   matthew 5:18 says how the laws of the old testament will apply `` until the end of days '' . 
  and he 's quoting jesus on it . 
  ca n't you see the difference between saying matthew 5:18 . 
  that mentions leviticus 7 : whatever the fuck and a simple word `` sharia '' ? 
  lets look at :  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/religious_law  within the framework of christianity , there are several possible definitions for religious law . 
  one is the mosaic law ( from what christians consider to be the old testament ) also called divine law or biblical law , the most famous example being the ten commandments . 
  another is the instructions of jesus of nazareth to his disciples in the gospel ( often referred to as the law of christ or the new commandment or the new covenant , in contrast to the old covenant ) .
