  how much would an employer spend on you to learn c++ , or would they assume you already know it ? 
  how many hours have i gained in productivity by having latex in my knowledge belt ? 
   i suspect that it takes less time to become functional with that . 
  if you wan na be dependent on 3rd private parties for even the most basic needs , go ahead . 
  but that 's really poor judgement . 
  this type of short sightedness ends up costing way more money on the long term . 
  i 've seen start ups or even ( * sigh * ) larger companies use it in a prototyping environment but word ? 
  wtf ? 
   since it 's an official document , its formatting has to be top-notch so you need the best tools in the field . 
  huh ? 
  how would latex lack ? 
  it 's a perfectly good and amazing tool . 
  you create your template and you 're done . 
  and it 's so so so much easier to share using git for example . 
  using word is just lazy and many many many times just ugly . 
  it 's estimated that ceta would have increased the gdp of the eu by some 0.03 % . 
  i dunno about you but that 's not exactly something to write home about, 
   many companies have such complex files written in microsoft word why ? 
  * why ? 
   why do you think we had troops in iraq that was because you were us ' good little lap dogs since iraq was n't a nato mission . 
  same goes for the missile shield ( which again puts europe at risk ) or the secret cia torture prisons . 
   it 's true that it does n't have the same economic and military power as other nato states but it does n't avoid its responsibilities so why does n't it do its 2 % of gdp to the army ? 
  and because you sent 200 soldiers to afghanistan , you suddenly created deep ties and every country has to come to romania 's rescue ? 
  especially considering romania 's bellicose attitude regarding the black sea or the missile shield . 
   60 % of the people in moldova actively hate romanians and the idea of a union with romania . 
  that 's what you declared . 
  find me sources !, 
  and no romania does n't have to intervene in a war in moldova , it would be idiotic . 
  why should nato countries intervene for romania ? 
  ah yes : gim me gim me gim me ... 
   how so ? 
  you make a ridiculous comment about how 60 % of moldavians hate romania . 
  that 's absurb . 
  what other statistics are you planning on inventing ? 
   and russia will have russian minorities that they will `` need '' to protect in romania . 
  if a war were to start you 'd have to intervene either way . 
  lol . 
  weird how romania always wants more and more but gives less and less . 
  fascinating . 
   60 % of the people in moldova actively hate romanian that 's pure and utter bs . 
   how well it would play if a nato country had russian troops on a separatist region ? 
  moldova would have to give up that land ( it 's not even historic moldavian land ) . 
  and either way , romania and moldova have much deeper ties than romania and germany , france , uk and us . 
  yet these countries will be asked to intervene if something were to happen to romania . 
  that 's very very odd . 
   the problem is geographical , szekely counties are right smack in the middle of romania . 
  so why ca n't they have autonomy ? 
  it has nothing to do with borders . 
  they are in a very isolated part of the country . 
   well , let 's ignore that moldovans themselves read my comment again where i specifically mentioned this aspect . 
  romania has no reason to reject unification though . 
  it would be a very cowardly thing if a war were to break out between moldova and the transdniester republic and romania to not offer any massive help ( military included ) . 
   anyway , you did n't even touch my point and say what value it would bring , you just spewed a bunch of insults . 
  garbage in , garbage out . 
  and your comments are utter garbage . 
  his comment was so supremely ridiculous , i wo n't even bother . 
  i 'm not here to teach romanians their own friggin history, 
  who does n't love that scottish accent though ? 
  kinda like how many foreigners speak french ? 
  i have yet to see a native english speaker talk french correctly ( without it being their job : french teachers ) . 
  like jobs and medicine ? 
  your tl ; dr is half of your comment . 
  are you some kind of international expert in global politics ? 
  starting strong this week . 
  doubt i 'll hear a more moronic and idiotic comment on / r/europe these 7 days . 
  usually people troll so it 's okay but the utter conviction you invest is your ignorance is truly a spectacle to behold . 
  there should be a reddit hall of ignorance . 
  today you take the crown . 
  if you do n't have shit chinese tourists will want to take selfies in front off ( and actually moldova has : soroca citadel for example but that 's another topic ) , then you 're worth jack shit . 
  go back to kindergarten or something . 
  education is free in romania . 
  stop spending time on reddit and go open a history book . 
  in the age of information , ignorance is no longer an obligation . 
  that being said , happy 50 years man !, 
   romania simply does n't have the money , the politicians or international support to pull this off . 
  romania will never have the money nor the politicians . 
  heck not a lot of countries have the politicians to pull such a thing off but it 's ridiculous to always look at the check book to see how much anything would cost . 
  if you have such a mentality , nothing major would have happened . 
  1918 would not have happened . 
  how can different parts of countries unite ? 
  imagine the cost . 
  * gasp * paris would n't have happened because * oh my god * haussman 's plans are too expensive . 
  every major project or undertaking that propelled us forward would be shelved . 
  the man on the moon ... 
  it was a costly adventure that was n't feasible economically and that 's why it stopped . 
  yet they still friggin did it . 
  the fall of communism led to a reduction of gdp and standards of living for about 8-9-10 years ( took 98 to get to the same levels as pre 89 ) , yet it still happened . 
  the lhc should n't have been built . 
  romania and bulgaria should n't have joined the eu because they were not at all prepared , yet the will to create a larger eu was there and that 's why it happened , regardless of the many issues we see today ( romania postponing joining the eurozone basically indefinitely , the roma problem etc ) . 
  a unification , if so desired by moldova , would correct a wrong doing that has lasted for 75 years since stalin . 
  it would honor properly all those ** romanians ** that were taken from their homes and sent to goulags in siberia . 
  grow a pair and stop looking at balance sheets . 
  pencil pushers do n't make for great visionaries . 
  we do n't remember lincoln , churchill or de gaulle because they had really good budgets man !, 
  such is romania . 
  so hung up on territories that do n't really belong like szekely counties ( which often ask for more autonomy ) while ignoring romanian territories abroad . 
  / r/europe salt is so nourishing :d keep it up lads . 
   in the same voting system that of the presidential elections . 
  no it 's not . 
  any candidate with more than 12.5 % of votes can go in the second round .
