  knew someone that met him cuz they were visiting jails , reading books to prisoners whatever . 
  said he 's harmless ... sure we do n't know but by the time he 's 80 , i think they 'll send him free . 
   are in prison for life and will never get paroled . 
  http://www.20minutes.fr/societe/843630-20111215-carlos-condamne-perpetuite no . 
  he got life with 18 not reducible . 
  after he can get reductions . 
  what you claim that he 'll never get paroled is false . 
   that only depends on reciprocity being given or not well then if she wants negotiations , she should trigger art 50 . 
   may wo n't guarantee anything while the same rights of britons in the eu are not guaranteed , at the very least . 
  well then if she wants negotiations , she should trigger art 50 . 
   so this is what she wants to talk about , among other things , as soon as possible . 
  i am sure that expats on both sides of the channel do n't want their situation to change . 
  since uk * is the country that wants to change things * has control only on what happens to expats living there may should say that expats living there wo n't have their status changed . 
  it only makes sense . 
   some crimes like terrorism almost never get paroled . 
  only about 5-7 people got the most extreme punishment since it was set up in 1997 . 
  we have yet to convict people that were involved in terrorism with said charges, 
  what a chance ... to be discovered, 
  in plain sight ? 
  so he knows who they are ? 
  why does he not come forward with names, 
  i think it 's a huge oversimplification to say that they all have life sentence and that 's it . 
   and if the managers do n't make the decisions that make the most money they can be held liable . 
  in germany ? 
  do you have proof of that ? 
  lip service . 
   however , to the fury of the populist , ultra-conservative svp party , which backed the referendum , there is no mention of quotas -- and cross-border commuters to swiss jobs , plus eu residents in switzerland , will be able to register with a swiss job centre and get the same treatment as swiss citizens . 
  so basically if you 're an eu citizen living in switzerland , you get * exactly * the same treatment as any swiss . 
  i find this a fair approach . 
   stopped from what exactly ? 
  ask germany about sudeten . 
   well as all interceptions of electromagnetic signals that 's for beach goers huh ? 
  you make the mistake to belief that this type of aberrant behaviour appeared by magic . 
  by knowing what group he frequents , you know what 's up . 
  how do we define reality man . 
  or consciousness . 
  . . man, 
  well the wall wo n't come down if only one side wishes it . 
  the ally was made when nato was created , 
   but the wall finally came down - so will the occupation of crimea . 
  the majority of germans were against the oppression . 
  is that the case for crimeans ? 
   `` eh , we do n't care enough to help you '' at least for irelands case they also refused giving aid to ireland and asked for them to keep supplying them with the results of their crops . 
  it was basically what happened during the holodomor . 
   millions of people died because the soviets wanted to teach the people a lesson . 
  monsters !, 
  same can be said about what ireland or india suffered . 
  wow an insightful comment . 
  i bet you 're full of them . 
  the split of ukraine was kinda obvious by 2004 for anyone that knew a little bit of geopolitics . 
  that again is showboating . 
  if the us decides to not do anything is a nato country is invaded , they can kiss nato goodbye as it will become irrelevant . 
   the pound is stable . 
  it 's just every other currency is gaining value . . well if that 's how you want it , sure , 
  yeah you 're right . 
  military would never dare use resources unwisely . 
   better safe than sorry and how would 2 % make romania safer from russia ? 
  if they 're planning on creating a cyber task force and heavily invest in such defensive and offensive capabilities sure , because that 's the only actual risk that might happen to romania . 
  but i bet most will go in stuff that is just showboating ... some old planes that would get shot of the air immediatly or other stuff . 
   they 're a weak lot , some of them in europe you know . 
  weak . 
  feeble . 
  we make good flying fishies though . 
   i do think that the nato guarantee should be unconditional , but it is very annoying when some countries do not take nato seriously . 
  taking it seriously means paying for it . 
  taking seriously might also mean participating in nato campaigns like afghanistan , no ? 
  how many countries that spent under 2 % were in afghanistan ? 
  are you acting daft or something ? 
  do n't you know the history of your own country ? 
  from 1812 - 1918 moldova was part of the russian empire . 
  your point being ? 
  you were just talking about how low literacy was in romania . 
  and i just showed you that a huge reason is because of russia . 
   russian was mandatory in all warsaw pact countries . 
  actually no . 
  romania stopped having mandatory russian in 1965, 
  well if it helps , i 'm sure ukraine is like 50 % +, 
   well , some parts of romania had 20-30 % literacy rate in 1930 . https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/96/romania_1930_literacy_en.svg well look at that map and what do you see ? 
  literacy rates in moldova were the worst in romania . 
  why do you think such is the case ? 
  well because moldova was until 1918 part of the russian empire ... 
  it was that or champagne region . 
  `` you shall not pass ! '', 
  said the alps b - ), 
   i live in venice he exists !, 
  yeah city limits is kinda bs in the case of paris-france . 
   'd say the french complaining about the eu i 'm not complaining . 
  i do love the stars at the bottom forming a v or something . 
  just do n't bitch that the eu is so horrible to you . 
  i like it when the dutch complain : whatever did the eu do for us ? 
  you still did n't answer the main question . 
  how does germany want to reform/change the system . 
  that being said , italy by investing massively in infrastructure could have reduced the north-south gap . 
  new deal . 
  fuck it . 
  what do those debates be saying . 
   he has failed to consider the possibility that expansion may not work either well one should try the option they have n't ... 
   since it would require german consent to change the relevant treaties , we do have the power to `` dictate '' this staying the status quo . 
  so what changes is germany willing to implement ... because the current system is n't working . 
  there needs to be either more europe or less or it .
