  each country can decide what laws to pass . 
  im pretty sure the majority of french are okay with this law . 
  i am . 
  so whats the problem ? 
  case closed . 
  lets move on . 
  again , georgia was the one that attacked russia . 
  well you dont conserve the culture if everybody listens to kesha and watches the big bang theory . 
  russia invaded georgia because a ) georgia was ruled by a madman that was the first to attack russia . 
  b ) georgia previously expressed wishes to join nato and bush was okay with that . 
  regarding ukraine : crimeans actually wanted to join . 
  that 's why no one 's rebelling . 
  they 're russian . 
  always have been . 
  khrishchev fucked up and gave it to ukraine . 
  brain fart . 
  also , ukrained tried to pass a law to make ukranian the only language . 
  russophiles freaked out . 
  there 's a difference between being wary and wanting to put american missiles on your soil `` in order to protect against iranian icbms '' . 
  imagine russia putting anti icbm missiles in mexico to protect against '' canada '' . 
  lets also remember how during bush , he wanted to put ukraine and georgia in nato . 
  wtf !, 
  med shore you have that in tunisia . 
  in france you have a culture ( most visited museum in the world is the louvre ) . 
  you visit france because it has a certain magic . 
  there 's a french culture like there 's an italian . 
  you have to conserve that . 
  dude ... racism against arabs is suuuper strong . 
  one arab , that 's fine ... it 's when there are more ... from a minister of interior . 
  france a country of whites ... 
  you cant always live in the past . 
  when you 're playing america 's bff , you cant expect russia to be super chill . 
  also , how were those torture prisons from your bff ? 
   it 's us or the big bad americans ! '', 
  you 're too brutish in your characterization . 
  no convo is possible with you . 
  either the french are chauvinists or whatever . 
  and you talk about dichotomy . 
  swedish music is exactly like american . 
  tell me what 's special about the cardigans ? 
  they 've got nothing new . 
  if luxembourg wants to put quotas on their radio , fine . 
  if you dont wan na listen to french radio , use internet radio . 
  chill ... 
   . literally everyone that had to live next to a roma camp hates their guts within a week you mean people who live in tents without plumbing and everything dont make for good neighbours ? 
  how about those that live in the 16th arrondissement ? 
  do they make for good neighbours ? 
  it 's not exactly like the french tziganes are particularly loved ... 
  hitler 's dead , so no . 
  im just saying that the idea of an extreme right with socialist streaks isnt particularly new . 
  in fact almost all extreme rights in europe have that socialist side : got ta protect our poor people from the evil foreigners . 
  national preference . 
  only in the us , is the extreme right libertarian . 
  the problems and solutions are in the middle . 
  i understand extremes , the problem is that a particular extreme is too powerful nowadays . 
  and what 's their answer ? 
  build better housing for the poor ? 
  thought we were talking about the us not world wide, 
   you ca n't really be denying the existence of roma people as a distinct culture ... just like france has a distinct gypsy culture . 
  it 's not a long time ago that they were considered to be voleurs de poules . 
  they have to tell at the gendarmerie when they 're moving about . 
   i can make the exactly opposite statement for romas . 
  it 's weird when people react badly to generalisations , is n't it ? 
  also france and romania are doing a piss poor job at dismantling the illegal networks that bring people here . 
  lets face it , gypsies take all our shit and they dont really complain . 
  i think europe treats its gypsies way way worse than the us treats black people . 
  well now that you 've changed your comment : we should remember where the nazi word comes from . 
  it was national socialist movement ... 
  it was popular and it was populist . 
  marine is popular because unlike other politicians , she tells the people that they have no faults . 
  that there 's no need for reform , for adapting , for change . 
  security problems in france ? 
  immigrants ( not the retarded construction of ghettoes . 
  economical problems ? 
  it 's the fault of the eu , the us , globalization . 
  the only positive thing that marine has brought to light : the death of the french intellectual elite ( onfray et al ) . 
  it shows how devoid of ideas they really are . 
  how in the current state of society , nobody needs some twat to `` analyse '' the situation for them . 
   can not integrate well considering they have never even been integrated into their home countries after centuries . 
  considering that romania had a president or two and a prime minister or two that had roma roots , i dont get where you come with the roma 's cant integrate into society . 
  and gypsies can very well integrate into the french society too . 
  just ask gignac , cantona , kendji . 
   even the religion is similar ; no religious conflict . 
  does that mean that the jews have problems integrating ? 
   i mean , good for you using europeans as examples , but no one is talking about europeans you must not follow french politics very closely . 
  romanians are people that have romanian passport . 
  nowhere on a romanian passport does the roma reference show up . 
  grim view on russia . 
  nationality checks out . 
  what 's racist and fascist is claiming that foreigners can not adapt and integrate their new homes . 
  italians , polish , portuguese in france managed to do quite well . 
  why wouldnt romanians for example ? 
  any proof for them losing votes ? 
  the fn has rarely been as high . 
  the left leaning turn has been a brilliant tactic that sets marine apart from her idiotic dad . 
  sure she might not be popular in the richer paca like marion but she won the votes of the rest . 
  did you read my reply ? 
  people listen and watch and vote things because they were told these things exist . 
  how ? 
  through ads .
