  well guess what dude , you lived next to 3 huge empires that gobbled you up like you were nothing . 
  they gobbled you up after napoleon , they gobbled you up in 39 . 
  they gobbled you up in 45 . 
  france and the british empire were the only ones that actually did anything for you , ever . 
  do you think that help is free ? 
  every time they were strong , the poles prospered , every time they were weak the poles got fisted . 
  a fuckton of french and british died and you got your state . 
  had germany won , you 'd still be part of a great empire . 
  do you think the americans are your allies ready to help you now at the drop of a hat ? 
  they 'd drop you faster than a healthy salad , just like they did in 45 . 
  but hey . 
  gim me gim me gim me right ? 
   how different are the other quality of life indicators ? 
  hdi ? 
  my ex is from luxembourg . 
  their per capita gdp is much , much higher than neighboring belgium & germany , but since the quality of life is n't that different , not that many people move across the border . 
  dude , did you just compare rich people to very rich people ? 
  every heard why utility functions and why they 're logarithmic ? 
  when you 're turkish and can earn 100 euros more wow you just earn 20 % more . 
  if you 're belgian and ear 100 euros more , wow you just earn 3 % more . 
   it seems to me that turkish unemployment is at 10 % . 
  so is that of france . 
  france has a good social security meaning that while you are unemployed , you still get some support , you get good medical benefits etc. 
  is that the case for turkey ? 
   but i do n't see lots of frenchmen moving to neighboring germany and belgium en masse . 
  again did you compare rich people to slightly more rich people ? 
   also , how many romanians actually moved to germany ? 
  to get a better view of this , leet me ask how many romanians made the move when it was possible to go to germany w/o a visa , but not stay in germany w/o one ? 
  about 1.5 million romanians left after romania joined the eu . 
  only in 2014 did romanians get full rights to work in the eu . 
  1.5 out of 20 million people . 
   i think the joke went over your head . 
  you should come to / r/europe more often . 
  you 'll see yanks complaining how europe can afford all these social advances because we do n't pay the military and depend on the us . 
   and he did so out of charity obviously ? 
  did poland ever do anything out of charity . 
  did any country on the face of this glove ever do something out of charity ? 
   rance had imposed crushing taxes on duchy of warsaw citation required . 
  you had nothing before , now you had something . 
  also why do n't you mention that serfdom was abolished , the area being quite feudal before napoleon showed up . 
  but christ of nations , amirite ? 
   so....visa-free travel somehow means that that 10 million turks will somehow move to germany ? 
  obviously the guy is exagerating but 40 % of the population in turkey is under 25 , 50 % are under 29 years . 
  and their media wage is * less * than romania 's https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_median_wage you do the maths dude . 
   as a person of turkish descent my view on it is that most people from turkey that wanted to come to europe already did , back in the 60s , 70s and 80s . 
  yeah that 's what we were told about ee when they were set to join the eu . 
  anyone who wanted to immigrate would have done so already in the 90s . 
  nope , not at all accurate . 
  http://www.emecon.eu/typo3temp/pics/c95e5853f6.png the same pattern can be seen in romania also . 
  and they did n't get immediate right to work . 
  not to mention that a lot of immigrants tend to be young people who do n't have th `` overturning your life '' thing to worry about . 
  someone born in the 70s wo n't leave . 
  someone born in the 90s , yeah it 's likely they will if they think their situation will be better here . 
  and considering that the median household income in tukey is * lower * than that in hungary , it would be no surprise that a great deal would want to leave . 
  we are giving visa free status to a country that is poorer than hungary and that is only 7 % less populated than germany ** and ** where 40 % of the population is under 25 . 
  your analysis is waaay off the mark . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_median_wage according to this , the median wage is less than romania 's . 
  i am actually happy france is not doing well economically . 
  we dodged the syrian refugee bullet , hope we 'll dodge this one too . 
  considering that germany has the higher turkish population , maybe we will . 
  never been so good to do so bad . 
  why grudge ? 
  yeah it 's not like we got into a war because they got invaded . 
  or that napoleon created the duchy of warsaw . 
  they simply do n't know history . 
  so trump is just a ton of americans being sarcastic ? 
   our health care system . 
  that is the most expensive in the world yet does n't rank high at all in terms of overall performance . 
  how about being more efficient ? 
  also fewer wars like the war on terror and war on drugs ? 
  i 'm sure europe 's the cause of all the problems the us is facing . 
   do n't laugh the things we do for pu ... 
   also almost half of the accused rapists are not from austria and this does n't even take into consideration people with migration background . 
  was fritzel german or something ? 
   5 rapes a day in a country of ca . 
  36 million . 
  have you compared rates per capita ? 
  well let 's have each and every day 5 articles from poland about those rapes . 
   ergo , i am inclined to take the numbers at face value and the discrepancy is quite evident . 
  well let 's consider finland . 
  what 's the rate of rape there ? 
  seems higher than the french one . 
  the point to take home is that single news about one case is pointless . 
  i do not know more about society or whatever . 
  it 's pretty ovbious why this was posted but no mention of the few tens other rapes that happened in europe today . 
   rape = rape = rape mantra that you ca n't see any nuance at all ? 
  okay for the red pillers out there . 
  if you get raped by your father , husband , co worker , boss , it 's just as shitty as if you get raped in an alleyway . 
  the sentence will be the same . 
  does that bother you ? 
  write to your parlament saying you want the justice system to be more lenient on people who rape their families . 
  good luck with that . 
   kind of like how there 's murder and different murder . 
  / u/account235 talks about how rape by people you know . 
  all things equal , rape is still awful if it 's someone you know vs someone you do n't know . 
  there 's no redeeming feature of : oh fuck i got rapedbut at least it was a coworker . 
   both are bad , but the types of precautions you can take and how those precautions affect your life are worlds apart , so the distinction matters . 
  red pillers . 
  i knew i 'd attract red pillers . 
  sigh .
