  they wo n't do a primary because that would be suicidal . 
   macron or valls would be their best bets there 's no difference between macron , valls or hollande in terms of popularity inside the ps . 
   i know the history of my country . 
  no , no you do n't . 
  you exaggerate facts based on the propaganda that you 've gone through . 
   it is one of those whose people were massacred , raped , pillaged by the ottomans for centuries no , no they were not . 
  you are exaggerating . 
   own children being taken , brainwashed and sent back to kill their countrymen that 's such a load of crap . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dev\u015firme the janissaries were elite soldiers . 
  they benefited from a nice life . 
  ** christian parents in bosnia even bribed to have their children taken . 
  ** also many communities were exempt . 
  skilled people for example since taking a child would be detrimental to the economy . 
  and no janissaries were not used as a tool of massacre . 
  http://www.encyclopedia.com/topic/janissaries.aspx they 'd either serve in the army at the fringes of the empire when it was expanding or  in peacetime , janissaries served as guards in fortresses and towns and as firefighters in major ottoman cities . 
  not to mention that by the mid 1500 the practice of devirsime was only rarely used , by mid 1600 it had de facto stopped and by 1700 it been banned . 
  also the ottoman empire was a multiethnic multi cultural empire . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/millet_ ( ottoman_empire ) eastern europe was spared the religious wars that had crippled western europe . 
  google bow many religious wars ee had vs we . 
  this created a fairly stable system ( let 's not forget that the western pillage of constantinople and greece during the crusades were much worse than what the ottomans ever did ) . 
  ee europe benefitted from the relative stabilising influence of the ottomans . 
  wars were few and far between . 
  for example look how much infighting there was in the region before and after the ottomans . 
  take romania and bulgaria . 
  how many before they gained independence . 
  1876 for romania 1908 for bulgaria ? 
  negligible amount . 
  how many wars between them after ? 
  balkan wars 1912 , ww1 1914 . 
  2 in under a decade where before it would have been super rare ( if ever ) . 
   cut down the local population till `` rivers of blood were flowing in the village '' . 
  much propaganda ? 
   these jokes force the viewer to think twice is / u/boformer a goat fucker pedophile ? 
  let 's face it . 
  it was nothing more or less than libel . 
  just because he 's erdogan does n't mean you can accuse him of being a pedophile . 
  i fail to see what point he raised with this issue and i 'm curious to get more information . 
  edit : i guess this comment will get deleted but i did n't mean to insult / u/boformer . 
  i simply think it 's libel what i 'm stating . 
   should be killed as humanely as possible ? 
  well apparently they 're being sedated . 
  plus is throating more violent that shooting an animal and waiting for it to bleed to death in absolute pain ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  hunting is way more cruel . 
  is this like / r/the _ donald that decided to remove any restrictions on racism because that 's their way of protesting against rape ? 
  cutting the troat of the animal is the way big animals have been killed for centuries up to present time . 
  sure we have more human ways but it 's still the cheaper way . 
  and apparently they sedate the animal before . 
  so no biggie . 
  heck , you do n't wan na know how foie gras is made and it 's delish . 
  no way i 'm ever gon na give that up . 
  and does anyone believe russia is ready to attack directly a nato country ? 
  honestly man did you guys start believing basescu bs ? 
  goddamn it people . 
  how can russia mess with romania ? 
  amass people in transdniester region and start skirmishes on the border with moldova starting an attack boom invasion . 
  russia has 0 interest to invade any countries that have no russian population . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/transylvanian_saxons https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/unio_trium_nationum learn dude . 
  education is free in the age of information . 
  does it bother you that history does not correspond to your beliefs ? 
   i 'm advocating a peaceful solution , no need to get this angry . 
  it 's a moot point at this moment . 
  if you wan na rewrite history , go back in time my friend . 
   how about the huge hungarian blob that got absorbed by romania , that blob was created because it was in a rich and vital part of the hungarian kingdom . 
  they could profit greatly from the great amount of trade in the region while the valach populations were second rate citizens of worse . 
   you left your native country because it was amazing , i 'm sure . 
  dude . 
  the salt . 
  the salt  moar . 
  i am in my country . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vienna check out the forces . 
   meant centuries of ee population being massacred , raped , pillaged , their own children being taken , brainwashed and sent back to kill their countrymen ( sort of like how isis is doing now with the yazidies ) etc. , dude you are over exaggerating things . 
  sorry buddy but compare the treatment the spanish reserved the conquered populatons vs the ottoman empire . 
  for the time period , the ottomans was one of the most multicultural empires . 
   they could have chosen the easier way out , pulled an albania , i realise you do n't know how history . 
  you just repeat the propaganda . 
   the usa has to defend china from russian aggression ? 
  dude did the us defend anyone from any russian aggression ? 
  georgia ? 
  ukraine ? 
  mkay . 
  dude the fabric of democracy will shatter if our posts do n't end up on the front page of / r/all . 
  the us has bigger fish to fry than ukraine , ee or syria . 
  chine 's where it 's at . 
  they 'd be 1500 years late ] ( https://ro.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/franci ) the reality is that the us cares about its interests . 
  obama was clear about it for example in the case of ukraine . 
  the us could be more interested in romania if it had a larger community but it does not . 
  the romanian community has been historically in france and now in spain and italy . 
  they should come to terms with reality and stop dreaming about valiant americans coming to save them . 
  they 'll risk once more being disappointed . 
   well why exactly ? 
  transylvania was part of the austrian empire for the longest time , and nazi germany was allied with romania during wwii by that analysis we can say that france played a fundamental role in the unification of romania . 
  also france has been welcoming romanians on its soil for long period . 
  brancusi , ionesco , refugees like eliade , celan , cioran or moscovici the father . 
  let 's not mention that two of the romanian aviation pioneers vuia and coanda had french citizenship and worked in france . 
  oh and without french help , you would have never gotten that agriculture seat in the eu commission . 
  the reason is simple : due to fascism and later on communism romanians were left without culture ( in this case political ) . 
  did they ever come ? 
   most if not all of the cities had a majority hungarian population ( arad , oradea , satu mare , targu mures , timisoara , cluj ) , big fucking surprise . 
  considering that the romanians were peasants and also second class citizens .
