  if i have 100k under my matress and the bank goes bankrupt , well who gives a rat 's ass . 
  i did n't hear much of an outcry when they decided to bail out the banks directly with people 's money . 
   imo businesses should be given the freedom to accept and decline whatever methods of payment they want as long as whatever they accept can be converted to the local currency ( for tax purposes ) . 
  because a person has the right to not get a bank account and that person also has the right to be serviced . 
  i should n't have to get a bank account if i wan na buy a loaf of bread . 
  well anyone in the business of accepting money for something else should be forced to accept cash . 
  because 2 options are always better than 1 ? 
  if people wan na use banking let them , if they wan na use cash , let them . 
   and now we arrived to full circle : you can do that without cash !, 
  why restrict opportunities then ? 
  what kind of person can say well 1 option is obviously better than 2 . 
  if people wan na use banking systems , let them . 
  if they wan na use cash , let 'em . 
  it 's stupid to restrict . 
   also , no one is prevented from buying gold from a bank account . 
  so we 're back to the same idea . 
  having all the money in a bank is a dumb idea . 
   i mean , if you 're expanding the scope of `` what government can do '' to the absurd , you can just as well say that they can order the police or military to forcibly confiscate the currency , or instruct the bank to transfer x amount to their fund for evildoing . 
  check out the cyprus bail out btw . 
   you have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  stop being so aggressive or acting like a know-it-all . 
   and if you have 1000 euros in cash , the cb can devalue that amount . 
  it 's also a reality well that 's why you buy a different currency , a different type of way of storing money . 
  the main topic is you telling / u/sbr999 that the govt can not make 1000 dollars be worth 950 dollars . 
  that 's patently false . 
  him  tomorrow , they decide that your now $ 1000 is worth $ 950 . 
  what can you do about it ? 
  you :  that is n't how money works . 
  the government does n't fix prices of entire economy . 
  that 's false for anyone who took a basic economy class and learnt about inflation . 
  all other comments are pointless on this issue . 
   gold does n't have a fixed value and can lose value just as easily as regular currency . 
  gold is much more difficult to devalue than currency . 
  you can not create gold . 
  except at dubna ... a few atoms at a time . 
  and astroid mining is n't exactly feasible atm  but buying gold is a favorite topic of theirs . 
  any major sensible country has massive gold reserves . 
  why are you and / u/apoutwest shifting the goalpost . 
  you guys claimed the govt is not in control of prices , well it is through inflation . 
  your claims are erronuous from an economic perspective . 
  if you have 1000 euros in the bank , the cb can devalue that amount . 
  it 's a reality . 
   how about the government choosing to invalidate the existing currency , which is something which can occur with or without bank accounts or digital currency . 
  that 's nuclear meltdown . 
  the govt taking money from bank accounts already happened if you google cyprus bail out . 
   in fact i do it all the time when i send someone money not denominated in usd . 
  i buy the currency they want with my usd and then send them the that money , all done digitally . 
  so the govt can now know who 's hoarding gold . 
  awesome . 
   and how does cash under the mattress change any of that ? 
  buy gold , buy another currency , i can give you tons of examples . 
   are we just shouting out random things we do n't like ? 
  how about the govt deciding to take money from your account ? 
  is that something you like ? 
   maintaining the right levels of inflation is very important for every economy . 
  a degree of independence is a good thing . 
  having all your money in a bank does n't really make you independent at all . 
  well let 's inject a few billions in the economy , shall we ? 
  yes . 
  let 's . 
   just about every stable democracy in the world are independent of the government . 
  :d good one man . 
  or current day swedes are pussies ... 
   the collapse of the uk could lead to a war . 
  ca n't be worse than your hooligans after the biennial collapse of your football team . 
  haha . 
  / u/executivemonkey 's so poor he ca n't even afford a mobility scooter . 
  stop bullying on poor denmark and pick on someone your own size . 
  pff . 
  we have them in france too . 
  the point is nobody will skin them . 
   they are both dangerous places to be . 
  lets not focus on the foreign part but on the social/economical difficulties , those are the relevant factors that lead to criminality . 
  not really . 
  not really at all . 
  go have a look at eastern europe . 
  poland is one of the safest countries in europe . 
  doubt you can say it 's rich . 
   iirc putting another human above yourself , on pair with god above yourself yeah , on par with god , not really since that would be heresy . 
  if you do n't believe in god , where do you get your moral values from ? 
   cars are far more dangerous , but you rarely hear about them killing people because it 's so frequent . 
  there was once a car accident in paris . 
  they made songs and a ton of stuff about it . 
  constantly on the news . 
  jkjk, 
   i 'm still convincing my girlfriend to come with me to istanbul and every time we 're close to booking a holiday , there 's another attack . 
  that 's the best time to visit , after a terrorist attack since the security 's tight and there are no crowds . 
  that 's why i 'm planning my visit to syria . 
  fair enough . 
  i obviously asked the wrong person . 
   which i 've answered with my point of view . 
  well you 're debating about realism . 
  i was expecting a realist answer . 
  not some aww , wish one could help ; give them vancouver ? 
  okay then ... 
  yeah sure . 
   i 've always supported independent states for the aboriginal along numbered treaty lines . 
  hey i 've come to your country . 
  now it is mine . 
  but we can carve a bit up north and put you there .
