  that 's only a recent thing . 
  racist from the right and extreme right has a long long history . 
   it is the left wing writers that publish racist articles that would be unthinkable about other groups . 
  i dont know about your country but in france it 's the right wing/extreme right wing . 
  you can hear it in political debates and policy issues . 
  sarkozy and his grenoble speech , deportation of gypsies , etc. 
  and on day to day life , omg stay away from fn voters . 
  romanians , bulgarians and ee in general are at the worst a bunch of thieves at best only tolerated . 
  yup . 
  the right and old people . 
  so much casual xenophobia from old people . 
  i guess the ukranian crisis wont get solved anytime soon then . 
  unless they have money . 
  then foreigners are just friggin awesome . 
   denmark can not look to germany for rational leadership on values . 
  okay they can look at them in the us . 
  bush and iraq war that started all this isis mess . 
  or maybe trump ? 
   danish support for the foolish iraq war may be wiser than i had thought . 
  nope . 
  it was retarded . 
  thanks for destabilising the region and inadvertently creating isis . 
  which you are paying for it . 
  denmark has one of the highest per capita isis recruitment rates . 
  you got ta stand out with what you can , 
  communist purges were happening every decade . 
  the most common excuse was that the person about to be purged was anti-communist , had bourgeois views and was opressing the proletariat . 
  tl ; dr : if communists deemed you anti-communist , 99 % of the time , it didnt mean you were anti-communist . 
  it just meant you were in a different communist clique ( and your ass will get purged soon enough ) . 
  you can also mention the women of tunisia that are fighting against fundamental islamists . 
  tunisia being a very young democracy that should receive all the western support the eu can give . 
   and he is hardly a communist , since he was fired twice during communism because of his anti-communist views . 
  i like you make it sound that communism was fair and as long as you had communist views , you 'd be okay . 
  it 's not like communists were fighting each other for power , also the huge amounts of witch hunts . 
  communists hated each other in their countries ( was n't trotsky a communist ) and hated each other on international levels . 
  ceausescu hated the soviets and the soviets hated mao and vice-versa . 
   against the principles of the western culture . 
  i ca n't really imagine a person going :  darn i wan na burn some refugee centres , but it 's against european principles , so i should n't . 
  you dont see the problem with asking :  would you rather give money to immigrants or children ? 
  how about asking :  would you rather give money to pay the salaries of corrupted politicians or immigrant children ? 
  what would you say ? 
  it makes it seem like there 's only 2 possibilities . 
   but having a discussion about it should n't be such anti-eu the capital punishment is anti-eu . 
  you knew about it before joining . 
  the answer is a resounding * no * . 
   you are an idiot for even suggesting it , dude . 
  no official european politician called orban an idiot . 
  the eu said no and if he continues hungary will receive eu penalties . 
  if you dont like the game , do n't play . 
  i believe it 's a reasonable adult attitude . 
  and let 's not mention that the 3rd largest political party in hungary is a neo-nazi one . 
  well those who have feelings that are positive towards immigration would feel it 's an uphill battle while those negative would go : hey it 's our chance . 
  and fuck : would you rather give money to immigrants or children ? 
  fuck even i would say to kids . 
  what kind of monster would say yes to that ? 
   most criticizm against hungary is presented distortedly in the global media withou any factual evidence . 
  so orban did n't give a questionnaire to people asking them biased questions against immigrants ? 
  http://mobile.reuters.com/article/iduskbn0o71n620150522 of the type :  do you agree with the hungarian government , that instead of immigration , we need to support hungarian families , and the children to be born in the future ? 
  basically it 's a `` wont anyone think of the children ? '', 
   . one can hear many opinions about the question of immigration . 
  some people say that immigrants threaten the jobs and livelihood of hungarians . 
  do you agree ? 
  that is ** not ** how you carry out a survey , unless you want to get certain answers . 
  didnt also orban suggest that eu nations should have the power to decide concerning capital punishment ? 
  http://m.euronews.com/en/306309/ that goes against basic eu principles . 
  and heck france does n't extradite to countries were capital punishment is applied . 
  you do realise that france left nato starting from 59 right ? 
  the cooperation between france and germany was purely eu based . 
  but i would n't take the police union 's word at face value . 
  they 're always for more police authority and less responsability here in france . 
  people are bothered by security checks at airports , not border control . 
  maybe if every european country would realise that this is everybody 's problem no just greece or italy 's , then people would get off their asses and do something . 
  sweden is a country that produces vast amounts of research . 
  it also the country of origin of the volvo , saab , gripen , ikea , ericsson , h&m , electrolux , scania . 
  sweden is going stellar not because its currency but because it has an economy with quite a bit of added value ( what 9 million sized country produces its own fighter jet ) . 
  no matter what currency magic you do , you 'll always have problems if your economy is not viable ( see argentina ) . 
  is it a different place ? 
  uk is actively spying on eu citizens and giving the us all the information needed . 
  the german bnd is bullied into submission by the us to spy on france . 
  france only refused to go into iraq because it had independent intel that showed that saddam didnt have wmds . 
  clearly this shows that having a european defence system , independent from the us is a good thing . 
  power play is still a thing . 
  and if you dont have power , you do n't play . 
  uk instead of being a participant in the eu game , chooses to be a simple follower of the us . 
  more power to them but that shouldnt mess with the france-germany dynamic which is vital for continental europe . 
  look at what the eu made : airbus . 
  look at what uk made : de havilland . 
  look at what france and uk made : the concorde . 
  well if you 'd know france a little better , you 'd know that * a lot * of people are complaining about the huge influence paris has on everything . 
  but in the end it 's democracy . 
  paris and the surrounding area has a population of 12 million people . 
  in every election you have people that say : heeey why do these people get a right to decide ? 
  but that 's democracy . 
  malta can not the same right to decide as spain . 
  it only makes sense . 
  spain and italy should get more votes than just germany . 
  the eu should be a democracy . 
  not everybody agrees in a democracy but hey it 's the best thing we can get . 
  and like all democracies , centralisation is an issue . 
  london has much more sway politically than liverpool .
