  i mean did they try that ? 
   sure goals are important . 
  killing is killing . 
  let 's face it . 
  innocent people die and regardless of goals ** that is not ok ** . 
  on both sides . 
  that being said pkk is not all kurds . 
   france did have a 3-month state of emergency for a terrorist attack that warranted a few days . 
  - and holy-crap - now another 3-months . 
  this is a punch , not a slap in the face of enlightenment valued . 
  are you trolling ? 
  it was a massive terrorist attack . 
  and with the euro now we ca n't risk anything . 
  business is already slow because of the terrorist strike . 
  it has affected the economy . 
  stop complaining . 
  you 're not french , mind your own business . 
   you are trained?it 's noticeable . 
  how ? 
  are you trained ? 
  the french police asked the people to get out naked . 
  the belgians took a massive risk . 
  the guy was running around them with a parka . 
  put a deadman trigger in the dude and you 'll have minced policemen . 
   i just do n't want european police to turn into la cops shooting anything a bit dark . 
  strawman much ? 
  compare the police death stats and come back to us with any complaints . 
  how do you know if he has a suicide vest or not huh ? 
  i do n't know . 
  just says bottles . 
  well in this case it was obvious that he had quite a few helpers . 
  and one good/smart guy that turned him in . 
  well / u/tudoparaolixo rightfully says who gives a crap if a jihadist is killed in a police raid ? 
  out of context / u/im _ nice_to_everyone talks about gitmo when that is n't the topic . 
   hop on a bike . 
  noone checks your id , noone notices you longer than 3 seconds . 
  after you were involved in a shooting ? 
  interesting ... 
  what a delicious problem . 
  needs some butter . 
  edit : http://m.lalibre.be/actu/belgique/la-tension-est-montee-dans-le-quartier-ou-salah-abdeslam-a-ete-arrete-56ec4c8135702a22d5812a51 yup it 's a legit news . 
  they threw bottles on the police . 
  lalibre is a trustworthy site . 
  below original message : http://www.lacapitale.be/1516931/article/2016-03-18/jets-de-bouteilles-sur-les-policiers-attroupements-de-jeunes-on-craint-des-emeut there 's also this . 
  i do n't know how trustworthy thesite is . 
  they say they 're throwing bottles at the police . 
  edit : corrected auto correct ... 
  were you the most wanted man in europe at the time ? 
  the guy was involved in a shooting in the south 2 days ago and today he was caught 5-6 km to the north west . 
  in a populated city . 
  well they found his fingerprint in the apartment where they had the shootout . 
  and the guy was caught now in an apartment 6 kilometres away . 
  the most wanted man in europe travelled 6 km through a big city . 
  but apparently he was caught because someone called the police saying the guy is looking for a hideout . 
   if europe wants to be taken seriously it should adhere to its values did you ever hear assad complain about coulibaly getting killed ? 
  or merah ? 
  or kouachi ? 
  or the saint denis raid ? 
  how did they disagree with our european values ? 
  exactly . 
  all this is confusing . 
  i want him to be like nemmouche . 
  nothing to be heard from him in the media . 
  brievik became a media darling . 
  we 'd see him pulling his nazi salute , etc etc. 
  what a wonderful idea . 
  koh lanta for terries :d, 
   but maybe i watched too many movies or you have been watching french tv on capturing the terrorists . 
  video of coulibaly https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzpyjuddb4s merah was also killed . 
  so were the kouachi brothers . 
  who has the harshest punishments ? 
   * abdeslam caught alive according to media let 's hope he wo n't get a ton of media attention like brievik , allowing him to spew his corrosive beliefs ... 
  i wo n't hold my breath though . 
  how the friggin hell does switzerland 's asylum policies have any connection with the eu ? 
  heck not even denmark 's issues . 
  it 's like saying the eu has problems now because hitler . 
  keep things on point instead of attacking flairs . 
  you sound like those crazy polish mps . 
  it 's not a country of 5 million people that brought us where we are today . 
   it 's just anecdotal okay then i can safely ignore it . 
   this is a significant problem here . 
  says what ? 
  you gave no evidence . 
  i gots to trust you . 
  yeah . . 
  you ask people to trust your justice system and at the same time distrust reporters ? 
  why ? 
  is being sceptical a bad thing ? 
  is asking for public reports on the reasons why each child was removed a bad thing ? 
   child protection service will not under any circumstances comment on specific cases publicly , for the sake of privacy of the kids i believe well make it anonymous but let people have the straight facts . 
  do not fear information . 
  and stop asking people to trust authority . 
  that wo n't end well . 
   you guys simply believe your institutions a lot i hope they do n't start a death penalty law based on those arguments presented by the guy . 
   i 've lived in norway my whole life and i 've never heard of anyone being taken away from their parents . 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  do you have to see something happening with your own eyes to believe it ? 
  that makes zero sense . 
   this kind of power vacuum eesti your time to shine baby . 
   members like denmark ca n't someone post a comment on / r/europe without having their flair shoved in their face ?
