  putin pretends to not speak english . 
  so at least in that aspect they 're different . 
  and people would still rather get on a boat and die that stay in their country . 
  here 's the weird thing : choices made in life are n't rational . 
   union because the best way to boost euroscepticism is to relegate at least half of the european union countries to 2nd tier status . 
  well the vast amount of eurosceptics are quite ok with having tight connections will other countries provided that they have similar conditions . 
  one of the reasons uk left was immigration . 
  it was n't because of french or german immigrants was it ? 
  why did we see a huge number of polish or romanians leave their country ? 
   my country estonia is definitely in the `` first speed '' when it comes to integration but due to our smallness we would have no say in multi-speed eu . 
  well i fully accept that france wo n't get what it wants in economic issues mostly because it is nor a leader in economic aspects . 
  and on local levels , well the vote of a frenchman should equal the vote of an estonian . 
  it is only democratic . 
   multi-speed eu means that big countries are going to decide everything . 
  well the current eu seems to have quite a few issues . 
  you can simply look at how difficult it was for ceta for those issues . 
   they will leave and go to germany and sweden . 
  normally they do n't really have the right to live in other countries . 
  http://openeurope.org.uk/today/blog/eu-migration-crisis-will-refugees-acquire-full-free-movement-rights/  they will leave and go to germany and sweden . 
  they do n'thave the right to live there , look for jobs there or get any benefits there ... 
   `` create mass unemployment or we will leave the eu and collapse the european economy ! '', 
  looks like some economists disagree . 
  http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2017/02/14/pay-rise-eastern-europe/ so your starting premise is wrong . 
  and even if it were right , and as an estonian like / u/heinsz7 is , your only concern in life is unemployment in estonia , then other people in other countries can also worry exclusively by problems in their country as well . 
   not sure that 's the best approach . 
  well the current approach is `` what happens in my country is the only thing that matters to me '' . 
  so you be the judge on how helpful it is to the state of an union . 
  the likeliest option now to change things becomes a multi-speed eu . 
  luckly the major leaders are in favour of it . 
   you 're the genius & nbsp ;  instead of whatever strange arguments the voices in your head are feeding you ? 
   but the fact is that if eastern and central european countries want to implement minimum wages that are similar to those of western europe then there will be huge unemployment . 
  it 's your right as a citizen of estonia to vote to implement whatever policy you feel is right for estonia . 
  and it 's my right as a french citizen to vote to implement whatever policy is right for france . 
  and maybe in the near future a frexit will be the right policy . 
  i thought it was a european ** union ** . 
  union is based on cooperation and convergence . 
  apparently now it 's competition . 
  * shrug * . 
   are you capable of reading a comment and responding to it , instead of whatever strange arguments the voices in your head are feeding you ? 
  & nbsp ;  privileged messiah from rich , welfare heavy country steps in . 
  `` pay your workers more , or do n't pay them at all ! '', 
  irony much ? 
   a wage is a bargain . 
  the minimum price needed to get someone qualified to spend their time increasing your wealth . 
  oh that 's great in theory ... 
   minimum wages and wages in general are rising in eastern and central europe each year so there is no reason to complain . 
  when the socialist party in romania increased minimum wage , a ton of romanians on here were complaining that it 'll create unemployment and send the economy down the drain ... that 's not exactly happening . 
  salaries were kept artificially low ... and most likely they still are . 
  cz republic has a larger gdp per capita than poland but smaller minimum wage . 
  wtf ? 
   just because a person is escaping from a poor country it does n't make them automatically a refugee exactly . 
  case in point : ukraine . 
   in 2015 approximately 155.000 arrived in italy , only 9 % actually got the status of refugee . 
  good . 
  so poland can take in a percentage of those 9 % . 
  hey if they live in their truck for months , at least they get to buy a sandwich . 
  they should be grateful . 
  and who cares that ikea posts larger and larger benefits and is one of the richest companies !, 
  all workers should tighten the belt . 
  i think the main point here is that 2 years is way too much for poster workers . 
  it should n't be larger than 6 months . 
  and between jobs , the period should be longer as well . 
  how do you know that ? 
  have you been working on their cases ? 
  well that 's how much they contributed . 
  i mean we can also not give them any healthcare while they 're working in france . 
  we can do that too since they 're not paying jackshit here . 
   we 're not going to let you earn and support your family . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-39196056 such quality . 
  much work . 
  so they 're taking in people only from eastern ukraine ? 
  really ? 
  or like a guy from kiev is also a war refugee ? 
   access to huge market . 
  i wonder what french companies would say if suddenly 40 milion people market would disappear overnight for their products that we buy everyday . 
  so what you mean to say is that france should sign trade deals so that more markets open ? 
  that can definitely be a possibility . 
  out of the eu and signing trade deals with as many countries as possible . 
  heck brazil is 4 times a larger market than poland . 
  we can start a selective immigration policy . 
  for example accepting only polish and romanian doctors and nurses and offering them nice salaries but not low level workers . 
  this way we can really increase the brain drain from eastern europe . 
  i wonder how much poland would like such a policy . 
   they will fight against it when it means unemployment because what 's the point of higher wages if you ca n't have a job . 
  wage should be correlated with productivity . 
  if a polish and french worker have the same productivity ( and they mostly do , because if a factory moves , it has the same tools etc ) , then they should have the same salary . 
  if they are cutting salaries just to create a race to the bottom , you wo n't like what 'll happen in 2022 ... 
   1 million ukrainian migrants we 're talking about refugees here . 
   could have made the help bound by residence , is n't that already the case ? 
   this is price you pay for single market and ability to abuse weaker members of eu . 
  you know what real abuse it ? 
  dismantling the eu then opening your job market for skilled ees . 
  this way you get all the brain drain , with none of the drawbacks . 
  and companies wo n't be able to relocate in eastern europe without big taxes . 
   but in that case we need communism . 
  til minimum wage is literally communism . 
   so is france gon na pay for their retirement ? 
  if he pays contributions , the yes . 
  we pay corresponding to their level of contributions . 
   this is spot on 100 % populism .
