   crooks and trump is n't ? 
   sure but not to the extent they dislike other groups , those groups were simply used as masquerade uhm , no . 
  they dislike those groups and want to remove any types of aids for them , want to remove the capability to work here because they 're creating a competition on salaries , deffo remove the capability of posted workers , etc and let 's not talk about gypsies . 
   the nationalists in europe is not pissed at the poles neah they 're * also * pissed about the poles and romanians . 
  the polish plumber was created by ch as a joke and used by the french extreme right seriously . 
  that is one major difference between the east and the west . 
  the east is subjected to history . 
  that 's why the general reaction is to close in on itself . 
  like or not , for better or worse , the west is still used to writing history , taking chances and risk whether they pay off or fail terribly . 
  in a way the east never learnt that they can write history . 
  so ... i should vote le pen to protect my country from immigrants ? 
  okay . 
   but it would solve the problem by disincentivising this kind of behavior . 
  they tried it at the berlin wall . 
  worked quite well . 
   they also happen to like money . 
  what animals !, 
  fn is not le pen . 
   she is far , far more extremist than trump yeah no . 
  no she is n't . 
  if she wins , the parliament wo n't be fn . 
  so she 'll be blocked completely . 
  trump has full control of congress , has started taking down dodd frank , has shown desires to stop the iranian nuclear agreement which would quickly escalate into a regional war if that happens . 
   is there a reason why france is so against this ? 
  largest party we sent to the eu is fn ... 
  true . 
  there 's no obligation to do that . 
   the european constitution referendum had nothing to do with french sovereign politics . 
  at all . 
  it was a referendum where chirac campaigned for yes and lost . 
  and he did n't quit his office or anything . 
  you mention a 5th republic tradition that is n't one since no 5th republic president has ever quit . 
   and there could be a boomerang side effect , if the people voted against her at this referendum , it would be a major failure , and in the tradition of the 5th republic , she 'd be asked to quit as well . 
  because in 2005 chirac quit office when he lost the referendum ? 
  i have no idea what tradition you 're talking about . 
   it 's a point on her program , so the national assembly could hardly reject it . 
  and the national assembly was elected on a program that said the country will remain in the eu . 
  since it 's the people that are the bosses of the deputes , it seems obvious that they 'll refuse . 
   but her in power legitimises and empowers other anti-eu/nationalist parties/ideas . 
  she 'd still have little powers in france . 
  she would n't even be able to ask for a frexit referendum if the govt wo n't agree . 
   unless the eu grows a spine for dealing with the refugee crisis , you do realise that the refugee crisis has no impact in france right ? 
  like i 'm sure it does n't in your country since you probably have 5 refugees . 
   if she asks for that referendum she 'll need a majority in the national assembly since the govt has to agree for a referendum . 
   pretty sure a le pen presidency would be the death knell for the eu . 
  you do realise that le pen president would be a cohabitation ... right ? 
  she 'd have basically very little powers . 
   likewise seeming to reward brexit would be catastrophic . 
  say what ? 
  the result of the brexit negociations wo n't be a number between - infinity and + infinity that we 'll compare to zero . 
  if positive eu turned out better , if negative , uk did . 
  the result is a complex treaty that many will say it favours the uk , many will say it favours the eu , many will say it 's fantastic many will say it 's shit . 
  some will love some parts and hate other parts and vice versa . 
  one country will like one thing another another thing . 
  coming out with simplistic speeches of the sort : `` profiting '' , `` rewarding '' etc is highly simplistic . 
  it 's just a jab at / u/cs _ thor because he 's one of the notable redditors here that love to go : germans are like this , germans do that , germany wo n't do this etc. 
  he 's either in a position of high power or he loves to make generalising comments . 
  [ his reply did not fail to please me ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5uklgs/germanys_schaeuble_says_eu_must_assume_more/dduupj1/ ) . 
   et 's not mix up state decision and personal corruption scandal :  rainbow warrior , contaminated blood , amiante , tchernobyl cloud, 
  did he consult with / u/cs _ thor before hand , because schauble is n't following his guide line . 
   we 'll see when they get sentenced , if they ever . 
  we 'll see if he gets elected , if ever . 
   also , rainbow warrior , contaminated blood , amiante , tchernobyl cloud , `` small stuff '' like that , but that 's not the subject . 
  y u do dis ? 
  :'( y u start war u loose ? 
  how about de gaulle and the 70k harkis left behind to be slaughtered after they fought side by side with us ? 
  how about de gaulle and the pardon he gave of the people involved in summary executions , mass killings , torture , torture by rape performed in algeria ? 
  how about the nuclear tests performed under de gaulle , pompidou that were showed to have an impact on our soldiers , on the people of algeria or polynesia and the subsequent cover up ? 
  how about the karachi affair where kickbacks were paid and that whole shitshow ? 
  how about the invasion of libya and that shitshow ? 
  so y u do dis ? 
  that 's not the point though, 
  he has 12 % in the last poll of 15k people . 
  and hamon has 14.5 % . 
  yeah and ump promised a candidate that will be clean unlike the 3 friggin right wing candidates that had major problems . 
  vge , his diamond necklace , and his plane that could smell oil , jackie and his fake jobs that got sentenced , sarko with his too many to count affairs . 
  and now fillon with his fake jobs ... 
  compared to that , mitterrand and his banging of another woman and hollande with his promise that he did n't keep seem like small children . 
   can anyone from france be kind enough and explain these results/regions for those of us who are uninitiated to french politics ? 
  besides paris were an analysis would be easy , there are 3 main regions that stand out . 
  * 1 ) why does bretagne vote to the left ? 
  it 's more difficult to say grand things . 
  basically mitterrand was successful in gaining these territories . 
  there people used to be traditional catholics and in the 70s it became more left-wing catholic ( with the help of the campaigns from organisations like the jac , or the [ joc ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/young_christian_workers ) . 
  also it had some very capable politicians , of which le drian is one that is still present ( he was elected in the first round of the regional elections ... lol ... he 's basically untouchable ) . 
  * 2 ) paca that votes fn : it 's because a lot of pieds-noirs settled in the region and the tend to vote like the old fn : anti-muslim , very conservative , bitter about algeria ... so that 's why they do n't vote ump , they 're gaullists ... and he was a traitor . 
  marine is n't extremely populer but her father and niece are . 
  * 3 ) the north-east : one of the poorer regions of france , used to be industrial , now it no longer is and it 's very attracted to marine 's speech . 
   le pen is most popular with the young , and least popular with the old . 
  actually the young do n't bother voting . 
   he seems reasonable , competent and mild-mannered . 
  orly ? 
   we can not push them away from us , but we can not let them profit from brexit , as that would be lethal for the eu . 
  also some funny ones  if there 's one country that can be trusted to understand the complexity of history , it 's israel . 
  & nbsp ;  i will be engaging myself personally , as the head of the polish government , in the optimization of conditions for the exploration , research , logistics and the business related to the production of shale gas . 
  this a very popular feeling in europe . 
  you can read how level headed he is :  particularly the change in washington puts the european union in a difficult situation ; with the new administration seeming to put into question the last 70 years of american foreign policy ,, 
   so we can definitely make ourselves too strong to make worth attacking . 
    with allies we can do more . 
  what more ?
