  so how many people can poland or romania ( the biggest ee countries ) take ? 
  then dude said : communism did a great job at solving the problems it created . 
  the same goes for the eu since day 1 . 
  wtf ? 
  honestly , why doesnt poland do a referendum ? 
  if you dont like it , have a friggin referendum . 
  is this an sm thing ? 
  how did solve the ukranian crisis ? 
  by buddying up the us and wanting to send arms in the region . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/14/us-poland-weapons-deployment-eastern-europe-russia because more deaths on each side with civilians trapped in the middle is a great thing . 
  how did france and germany solve the ukranian crisis . 
  by meeting putin and talking with him . 
  and since minsk ii there has been a fragile tranquility in the area . 
   because reu except sweden does n't have a notable banking sector itself frankfurt, 
  canary wharf is not in the city though . 
  so any proof ? 
  how does the engine detect it 's under test conditions without using any electronics ? 
  wait , i thought fracking does suck . 
  either way : just because it 's profitable in the us doesnt mean it would be in europe . 
  chevron pulled out of poland because it was useless . 
  also a lot of fracking companies are struggling because gas is cheap . 
  guys , here 's an idea . 
  instead of shitting on each other , lets shit on other countries . 
  we have here two of the best cuisines in the world . 
  what does norway have ? 
   if anything it 'll speed up ukrainian entry into nato . 
  no major european country wants that . 
  ask any random citizen if they want that . 
  look at the german and french reaction when poland and the us wanted to send arms to the ukranians : no fucking way . 
  and in terms of ukraine joining the eu : it has one of the most bad economies in europe . 
  that 'll have in several decades at least . 
  because gibraltar is anything like the current ukranian or georgian crisis ... edit : it all depends on russia . 
  bush wanted those countries to join in 2008 . 
  and putin made a huge nope out of it . 
  even regardless of that , european countries dont want ukraine or georgia in nato . 
  the only possible reslution is for ukraine to call it quits and give the region to russia . 
  crimea too . 
  as long as they 'll have large russian populations , there will always be a risk . 
  platini . 
  valcke is just corrupt in general as blatter 's right hand . 
  i cant czech what the article is saying, 
  nuff said, 
   are we looked at as walking wallets to prey upon and try and get as much money as they can get ? 
  ah yes . 
  because if someone cheats you of 10 euros , i 'm sure your personal finances will take a massive hit . 
   breaking into land illegally is not normal . 
  did the mayors provide the legal minimum accommodations ? 
  if not , then what do you expect ? 
   supposed to ever get a serious job if they 're brought up to be nomadic you dont and why should you if you wan na live like a nomad ? 
   not to mention that you did n't even answer half of my posts ' contents , such as them owning weapons like these , along with numerous smaller guns ? 
  how does that show they 're impossible to integrate into society . 
   nato ( as the only thing which can protect us from russia ) yeah that 's * never * going to happen . 
  do you think nato will accept in its rank a country that has active border problems with another state ? 
  the guy i 'm replying to was talking about `` values '' . 
  and i gave him an example where poland went against their previous rhetoric for political gain . 
  which is normal . 
  politics is about compromise . 
   gens du voyage often have their camps broken up . 
  thats because they pbbly broke into some land illegaly . 
  also mayors dont give them the minimal facilities . 
  those mayors should get fined so hard , it goes through their nose . 
   on the outskirts of society , that 's common knowledge . 
  they 're nomadic . 
  that 's their choice . 
  just like some people choose to be drifters or bums , that does n't mean that if they settle down , people will be racist to them or they 'll have problems adapting . 
  i 've seen business men bending over backwards to win contracts . 
  it 's the type of thing that happens . 
  politicians do it everytime . 
  some time or another , you have to kiss ass . 
  it 's just that when normal people do it , it 's not all over the news . 
   importantly to your own people . 
  that shit has a significant long term impact . 
  again . 
  it 's a non-news . 
  saudi folk are already used to the red carpet treatment . 
  and to the italians ? 
  this is just a circle-jerk ohmoagawd . 
  happened before too . 
  a few months ago they blocked a rally shitty beach in france . 
  i know the beach , really shitty . 
  it 's all gravel , no sand . 
  everybody and their mother were omg how dare the saudis . 
  now ? 
  no one remembers . 
  did n't poland say no quotas no quotas until voting time when they voted for ? 
   french gypsies are either deported deported ? 
  the fuck you talking about ? 
  to where . ? 
   they use them to kill each other in retarded disputes or to block highways , which they did recently . 
  so some are involved in minor organized crime . 
  omg noes such a surprise . 
  they still have to sign at the gendarmerie when they move to a new spot . 
  some prejudice might also exist . 
   also , in business people care about the business not dicks in marble . 
  you calculate trade-offs . 
  rag on statue 5 mins = investment to create value . 
  but hey when people are looking for jobs , i heard pride is good nourishment . 
  if it had n't been in the news , would you have given a shit ? 
   unless there 's two different sets of standards here . 
  no no , in france they got heckled by the french justice system .
