  but we 'll survive . 
  stop judging man . 
  why you so close minded ? 
   alcoholism is associated with depression . 
  that 's for normal people . 
  not for russians . 
  trust me . 
  let your country get invaded and they will be happy  also praise putin, 
  ryanair is irish . 
  easyjet you probably mean . 
  also i found that easy are a bit better than ryan . 
   didnt bring them happiness yes it did . 
  they drunk themselves to death partying . 
  i 'm telling you man , you do n't understand the slav, 
   was important word here . 
  neah some countries remain sadly uninvaded . 
  poland for example, 
   russia is sad country but i want to make it happy country . 
  well apparently them invading other countries make them happy . 
  so you know what you got ta do , 
  took 4 months for egypt to admit that the sinai crash was a terrie attack . 
   egypt has said terrorism was more likely than a technical fault to have caused egyptair flight ms804 they did n't even bother getting the black boxes for this one and they 're claiming a terrorist strike . 
  interesting . 
  you should visit the thread where they 're talking about uk getting aircraft carriers . 
  so many sad people . 
  for a country of its size and spending , i think they do n't really want it that badly nor that quickly . 
  what are some global uk interests ? 
  ive never seen anyone take so much pride in such a terrible thing . 
  as russians ? 
  really ? 
  surely you must be joking . 
  also they create jobs and put money in the economy . 
  you have a naive view on how the world works . 
  why would n't china want to project power ? 
   russians weapons killed tens if not hundreds of millions of people . 
  yeah . 
  because only russians are proud of arms ... no one ever cheers for their military or anything . 
   they shouldnt be ashamed weapon low quality but ashamed they export so much death . 
  i 'm not ashamed france is high . 
  if we 're not selling our stuff , others will . 
  heck we just fulfil a need . 
  other countries offer subsidies to buy weapons from them . 
   formidable asset to project force , not really to defend the territory . 
  why is n't china really pursuing that and instead of going for the cheaper more interesting carrier killer missiles ? 
  before getting out your pitchforks ( paging / r/pitchforkemporium ) why not wait and see what happened in detail ? 
  is it too much to ask ? 
  ah right reddit . 
  also muslims . 
  the perfect storm . 
   low quality weapons . 
  well people are buying . 
  a lot https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arms_industry#world.27s_largest_arms_exporters, 
  yeah but credit where credit is due . 
  russia put the larget effort in developping the soviet space program . 
  [ because i bet you love russian tourists ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/20/world/europe/russia-may-aid-comrade-tourists-who-were-really-soldiers.html?_r=0 ), 
  it 's difficult to measure wealth , its value and meaning . 
  how much is a million worth to a billionaire vs to a poor person . 
  usually a logarithmic range is not a bad way to go around it . 
   we never had cities renamed after communists onesti was called gheorghe gheorghiu-dej between 1965-1990 . 
  making the interesting situation where a town was named after a dude that was named after a town . 
  lumping croatia and switzerland ? 
  in what way makes sense for example ? 
  netherlands with france but not with germany ? 
  really ? 
  the cultural lines make only sense from a geographical point but in no way from a cultural one . 
  it can only create more confusion than help people understand cultural dynamics in europe . 
   secondly , they do a lot , things whose absence you would feel a lot ... and most of them things i would n't want to put out here on reddit . 
  yeah . 
  good one . 
  finance us or bad things will happen ... 
  seems closer to 1916 europe than 2016, 
  this map is kinda weird . 
  sometimes it takes time to find out who you really are . 
   wellbeing of sardinia check unemployment levels http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:reg_unemployment_rates_2015_en.png corsica joining italy would be bad for it . 
  that 's one stupid ass expression . 
  alongside bleeding heart liberals . 
  and this is literally hitler . . 
  a civil war is coming . 
  italians have an embarrassing present . 
  i found that the words that work best are : `` you worry too much about russia . '', 
   schumacher over battiston : no foul ! '', 
  everything here is n good humor . 
  let 's keep it like that ok ? 
  you 're a failed country . 
   `` terroir is such a nebulous concept and it does n't stand up well in blind tests . '', 
  well that one 's true . 
  to be fair cdg and orly are 2 airports . 
  so i guess 80k is n't too much then . 
  http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france/2016/05/19/01016-20160519artfig00086-vol-egyptair-paris-le-caire-la-surete-aerienne-francaise-en-question.php since some people are asking , 70 people were removed from working in high security zones at cdg and orly since november 's attacks . 
  out of the 85k people working there ( can this number be right though ? 
  85k is a huge number ) . 
   so now what 's your argument ? 
  well i wan na know who to call when my rights are being abused . 
  i am speaking spanish in spain . 
  i want muh rights . 
   that 's the plan ... oh yeah , 
   spanish is already forced , and no catalan law can `` unforce '' it . 
  ok i 'll be sure to go in some tiny catalonian village and ask the local bar to speak spanish for me  . 
  i 'll tell you how that goes . 
   without protectionist laws , most products sold in spain would not be labelled in spain .
