  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_bang_ ( financial_markets ), 
   after becoming a tax haven . 
  that 's kinda funny coming from a brit . 
  i do n't think out ham is under any threat . 
  yes that is a very vague statement which would mean that people from savoie might be more connected to people from switzerland than to people from bretagne . 
  yet that is not the case at all . 
  it would also mean that belgium should n't exist . 
  so again what are some objective characteristics of a people . 
  when we decide to have a ref about independence , how would we define what is `` the people '' and what is not `` the people '' that should be interrogated . 
  kurdistan should be a thing and the vast majority of european leaders agree that it should . 
  we just do n't think going to war with turkey is worth it in order to create a kurdistan . 
   pick a country that has an uncertain status that 's why they have to act fast , which they are indeed doing . 
   when ireland has none of these problems ireland 's economy was in the shitter 5 years ago . 
  they had to borrow money from the imf . 
  they had the worst debt as percentage of gdp in their history . 
   france is assumed to be 7.5 % muslim ( almost a decade ago ) . 
    in germany , for example , 5 % of the population so your racist maths does n't explain why germany with 5 % muslims has a lower birth rate than poland with 0 muslims and how france with just a tiny bit more muslims has a vastly larger birth rate ? 
   so certain people do n't deserve their own country ? 
  how do you define a people ? 
   self determination = rule your own destiny which absolutely includes the option to have your own independent country . 
  you get your own country if it can be shown that your rights are not respected . 
  it is always possible to gerrymander a region where you get 50 % +1 people that want their own country . 
  that does n't mean they 'll get it . 
   ut anyone saying there wo n't be major consequences and a reduction of living standards is either delusional or a liar pushing an agenda eh . 
  ireland seems to be doing fine . 
  scotland like ireland has a small population , 5 million each . 
  if they manage to get a tiny bit of that english business and investments from england/uk to scotland , it would have a massive boost . 
   why leave ? 
  look at how much business ireland is taking from uk . 
  scotland would be one of the two main areas in the eu where they speak english . 
  scotland much like ireland has a small population so a tiny amount of business going through scotland and not though uk would make a huge difference . 
   people have a right to self determination , fullstop . 
  self-determination = / = get your own country . 
   that 's driving your statistics up . 
  do you have any sources for that ? 
  other than your own ass ? 
   '' roma '' is the endonym most gypsies are using for themselves the term started to be used in the 70s and mostly in central and eastern europe . 
  french gypsies do n't really like to be referred as roma . 
  from illegal immigrants ? 
  doubt it . 
  i like his french and spanish pronounciation . 
  trying to get the accent right but fucking up the words . 
   i 'm pretty sure there are some who do and some who do n't . 
  roma refers to gypsies outside of france , probably eastern europe . 
  french gypsies are called gens du voyage . 
   when we were much poorer as a nation , 10 to 15 years ago , even 20 to 25 , we did n't have this kind of thing happening . 
  do you have any source for that ? 
  romania currently has [ the highest infant mortality rate in the eu ] ( http://www.business-review.eu/featured/romania-has-highest-infant-mortality-rate-in-europe-84496 ) but it 's been constantly decreasing since 1971 when it was [ about 4 times higher ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/romania/mortality-rate-infant-per-1-000-live-births-wb-data.html ) so i kinda doubt that unvaccination rates have exploded recently because of antivaxxers . 
  why are you getting down-voted . 
  us 's highest destination for fdi is the netherlands : https://bea.gov/scb/pdf/2014/07%20july/0714_direct_investment_positions.pdf then uk then luxembourg . 
  it 's not because these countries have magical opportunities and are booming . 
  they 're tax havens . 
  30 % of all fdi in the world goes through tax havens . 
  look , brazil is the highest source of fdi from the [ netherlands ] ( https://qz.com/66944/the-brics-biggest-investment-sources-are-tax-havens-which-mostly-shows-the-rich-stealing-from-the-poor/ ) . 
  it would be funny to see what countries have the netherlands as the highest source of fdi too :d, 
  when songs are winning they win contests, 
  neah man . 
  / u/stuijfsande will just explain how the dutch are amazing business people with a lot of money . 
  that 's why a country with 17 million people can invest more than a country with 330 million that is also the largest economy in the world . 
  song was shit man . 
  depressing as hell for a song competition , reminded me of france 's entry for [ 2015 ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2r7wcw ) that talks about ww1 . 
  it got 4 points , 3rd to last . 
  and the words were shit :  when strangers are coming ...  they come to your house ,, 
  i believe this phenomenon to be highly exagerated . 
  heck only russia has 140 million people and i do n't see that many russians in europe . 
  also birth rates in poland and romania have been decreasing * before * they joined and actually increased * after * they joined . 
  but they all fall short of france 's brirth rate . 
   i 'm sure you think that you do , but it only serves to reinforce your ignorance how mature . 
   with armed guards in armoured cars legally amounted to a military invasion dios mio . 
  better put a stop to schengen then . 
  i 'm sure all the officials and businessmen that criss cross europe with some security staff stop and declare what shit they have before passing an eu border . 
  military invasion from someone that has diplomatic immunity . 
  we have a ton of experts on international law on reddit i see  ) ), 
  is n't it funny how ease of access to contraception seems to be inversely proportional to birth rates ? 
  france has some of the easiest access in europe and one of the highest rates while in ee we see the opposite . 
  i do know what the rights are . 
  seems like people here do n't . 
  they get scared and frightened because a bunch of people gather to listen to a political event in another country . 
  good . 
  in these times we do need to know and understand basic human rights . 
  calling people foreign agents because they they have also other political interests and wanting to ban any of their gatherings reminds me of some not so glorious days from a european past . 
   they had the right to a public gathering , tell that to your fellow citizen that does not understand basic human rights and goes full `` hurt durr foreinnn agents '', 
  oh i 'm sure erdogan also thanks us too . 
  gives him another reason to rant about . 
   it 's an insane country and a lot of their descendants behave like foreign agents i 'm pretty sure one of the most essential freedoms is freedom to associate ... 
   eu countries * andorra * liechtenstein * monaco wut ? 
  political marches and rallies have a long history in france for example . 
  if you want to mock people for going outside for an issue they care about , knock yourself out, 
  of course issue is a delicate one . 
  but you got ta admit it was handled poorly and it had much more of an impact that it should 've . 
  it generated more tensions than it tried to appease . 
  also those kids should have gone to public secular dutch schools and that 's it . 
  well if le pen gets a boost it means that some people did n't want to vote for her before this incident and not they do . 
  it means that the turkish being allowed to have a reunion in france or not is an essential issue . 
  i severely doubt that . 
  that being said , we should n't take actions according to whether it raises or lowers le pen 's score . 
  because is so , let 's leave the eu and nato and implement all of le pen 's project . 
  this way , she 'll be irrelevant . 
  there 's little reason to not let the turks have their little rally . 
   it does n't matter how wilders does .
