  that 's why we see the face of jesus or santa in stale slices of bread . 
  removing the face removes humanity . 
  it would be such a sinister world where you see no faces and no one can see yours . 
  it just reduces humanity , it reduces the respect we have for each other as human beings . 
  you admit others are less human in a way . 
  and that frankly is disgusting . 
   and isolate them from society more and making them more vulnerable to being radicalised . 
  they 're already radicalised . 
  it 's an intervention  they get the : dude you took it too far . 
  reel it back in . 
  if a woman with a bursa applies for a job working at the cash register or as a bank employee would you consider her at the same level as any other candidate ? 
  do n't lie . 
  best rants are by uninformed people . 
  i like how the fierceness of the convictions are inversely proportional to the actual knowledge they have of the topic . 
  11 million in 95 is 6 billion in 2015 . my oh my inflation is a sob, 
  and us should fine any eu companies in the wrong . 
  the protectionist practices are at the cost of us consumers . 
   the u.s. treasury department remains ready and willing to continue to collaborate with the commission on the important work of ensuri ng that the international tax system is fair , efficient , and predictable gtfo :d omg what a laugh . 
  fair and efficient and predictable, 
  against the [ evil empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evil_empire#reagan.27s_first_recorded_use ) . 
  so you cited the treasury . 
  i 'll cite bp on how the oil spill is n't that bad , 
   in hot water though . 
  hot but fair . 
  the us has been very fair to eu companies . 
  like giving fines of at most 2 billion to gm for killing 124 people while vw already will pay at least 6 billion for releasing some nox . 
   hypocritical in what way delaware ? 
   slaps them with a big retroactive tax bill oi . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  the laws have been in place for a long time . 
  think of it like this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mississippi_civil_rights_workers'_murders sure you did n't bother to catch the killers immediatly , it took you 40 years but you stil caught them . 
  it 's the same thing here . 
  there is no retroactive pay . 
  also the statute of limitations means the eu couldnt hunt apple since it 1991 but for more recently . 
  so it could have been worse , 
   the law that their using is about subsidies by tax abatements . 
  what . 
  do you think apple paid normal taxes then ireland gave them the money back ? 
  * sigh * no  the european commission has concluded that two tax rulings issued by ireland to apple have substantially and artificially lowered the tax paid by apple in ireland since 1991 . 
  here you go bubba http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-16-2923_en.htm illegal state aid . 
  the eu commision has authority over that . 
  now simmer down , go bother some russians or whatever you do, 
   apple is not a local company . 
  it 's local branch is . 
  goddamit it kiddo you are feisty   are you just retarded or acting like a retard ? 
  takes one to know one apparently . 
  but no financial passport . 
  bummer . 
   if you know english and speak romanian , chances are you will understand what they are talking about . 
  the ducks come from the trucks . 
  it has authority to impose sanctions if member states favor local companies . 
  which apple ireland is . 
  dude are you playing daft ? 
  ** a person 's survivors ** that i understand because you have survived your loved one . 
  but in this case , mh17 is n't a person . 
  crash victims ' survivors would be better . 
  we and the brits have a deep history with tunnels . 
  i thought there were no survivors . 
  one of the most important characteristics of a free market is the low barrier of entry . 
  you can make your own little company and compete with gs right ? 
  ah to be naive . 
  hey . 
  do you have a permit for wielding so much stupidity ? 
  ireland gave apple an unfair advantage bud . 
  the hangover : bucharest, 
   truth is there is no qualified majority to support a reunification on either side . 
  except romania does have a majority in polls . 
  so easy go easy on the truth there . 
  ambassadors are diplomats by nature . 
  he should learn about what diplomacy is . 
   for those who were not alive during that time , reunification , and dissolution of the soviet union were absolutely unthinkable . 
  a little known hollywood actor in 1987 said [ tear down this wall ! ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tear_down_this_wall ! ), 
   the need to protect privacy is the german quality we lack in here i still like my google maps and from what i hear , gemma really sucks . 
  i 'm glad we 're in a union because sometimes someone has a bad idea and everybody else goes `` wtf dude '' and when someone has a good idea , maybe others follow suit . 
   i ca n't even read the number on the diagram . 
  not your fault . 
  hey ' that 's something apple would say . 
  i think we 've got a moll here . 
  eu has other leverages , 
   you call it vat and it 's a little different , but same concept . 
  yes . 
  and that 's a tax i pay myself as the end consumer . 
  apple does n't pay diddly squat . 
  again , do n't do business with europe . 
  go boycott european products . 
  tell me how it goes , 
  hide the children, 
   sales tax no such thing in europe . 
  again , no one forces apple to sell in europe . 
  if gafa does n't want european money , so be it , 
  dude , before replying to the guy you 're talking to , check in what subreddits he is a mod . 
   considering we 're the ones who built the company , educated their workforce , and subsidized internet technology . 
  but we 're the ones buying the goods . 
  no one forces apple to sell its goods in europe . 
  the us benefits from the goods apple sells in europe . 
  / u/executivemonkey wonders why read more than 1 book in a lifetime . 
  the bible is enough . 
  worse . 
  a mac user . 
   inspecteur des finances that 's because he went to ena .
