   russian tzar , the british king , etc nobody stood trial . 
  yeah the tzar did n't stand trial ...  . . you think leopold bought the colony ? 
  from what ? 
  the natives ? 
  `` ay guys how bout you buy your land & exploit y' all . 
  will a franc do ? 
  2 maybe ? '', 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/belgium-revisits-the-scene-of-its-colonial-shame-2014055.html  leopold 's acquisition of the congo is a remarkable one of personal greed , cunning and brutality , with a starring role for the british explorer stanley . 
  the belgian monarch enlisted stanley , who was the first man to cross the entire african continent from east to west , to map out the territory and then buy up large swathes of land from local chieftains to create a gigantic area which was to become the king 's personal plaything in 1885 , when european powers met at the berlin conference to set out the rules of the colonial game . 
  https://www.quora.com/how-did-king-leopold-ii-come-to-own-congo  third , leopold consolidated his personal ownership of the congo company by buying out the other private investors as the project dragged out and their enthusiasm for the investment flagged . 
  & nbsp ;  as i said he did n't buy it . 
  well since you cite wiki : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leopold_ii_of_belgium  leopold fervently believed that overseas colonies were the key to a country 's greatness , and he worked tirelessly to acquire colonial territory for belgium . 
  leopold eventually began to acquire a colony as a private citizen . 
  the belgian government lent him money for this venture . 
  but hey , keep telling yourself it was just your monarch doing it . 
  you guys did n't have any fault whatsoever . 
  well then let me tell you , the crappy connection between the french and belgians ss gave the terrorists a huge advantage . 
  the belgians thought : meh they do n't need to know about this situation . 
  the french ss also fucked it up in other ways . 
  trust me , the day when portugal will face exterior planned terrorist attacks , you 'll see how many problems there are . 
  dude the skin tone in korea is super different than the one in vietnam . 
  lumping all east asians together makes no sense . 
  the map is flawed . 
  fine . 
  replace portuguese and polish with french and belgian secret services . 
  they fucked up but i 'm sure the portuguese and the polish have a much tighter communication . 
  where did leopold get the money to buy them colonies ? 
  did it fall from the sky ? 
  did he have secret swiss accounts ? 
  was belgium not a constitutional monarchy ? 
  you 're trying to make it as if leopold did it in hiding and the belgians were none the wiser . 
  the money to buy the colonies were given to him by the belgian govt and the belgian goavt had to fix the situation after international pressure . 
  did leopold 2 ever stand trial ? 
  they do happen . 
  happened to me too . 
  the police in algarve would talk much easier to the police in porto than with the police in krakow . 
  it 's just an example . 
   as is depicted on the map actually so you ca n't contradict the map because the map is right ? 
  the map 's bs . 
  many asians have a way farer skin than europeans . 
   the situation in fsc is a lot less known . 
  by whom ? 
  and the beauty standard we want to achieve is tanned . 
  that makes europe dark , right ? 
  yes and like not all germans were nazis . 
  and hitler was austrian and stalin georgian . 
  clearly a case like the congo could have happened to any country . 
  amirite or amirite ? 
  it could n't have been prevented in any shape , form or way by the belgians . 
  do n't mention the war !, 
  i think i did once or twice but got away with it . 
  heck , many chinese and japanese or korean are pale white . 
  i 'd say they 're even more pale than most europeans . 
  except gingers . 
  but that 's part of travelling . 
  sure no borders is a great idea . 
  heck communism is a great idea but there is no protection in a borderless europe . 
  the portuguese secret service 's wo n't start exchanging intel with the polish ones so quickly . 
  there 's a language barrier . 
  there 's a procedures barrier . 
  but criminals do n't care much about that . 
  we put the carriage in front of the horse and that 's what 's killing europe . 
  in 20 years we 've killed a europe that took 50 years to built . 
  great job we did . 
   we have ( or should have ) external border checks to keep out terrorists and criminal scum . 
  that 's like saying : if you have one good anti-virus be free to go to whatever website and intall whatever software you want . 
  good security comes in layers . 
  borders are those layers . 
  an illegal immigrant would have to cross 6 borders before getting into germany . 
  without them , they just have to cross one single huge huge huge border and they 're home free . 
  the same goes for terrorists , for fire arms etc. 
  believing one can create a mega euro wide safe border is a pipe dream . 
  borders will always be porous . 
  a bunch of small porous borders makes a way way way better border than a large porous from every side border . 
  easyjet did n't do it before th\u00e9 terroristes attack . 
  that could be [ france ] ( http://www.pss-archi.eu/photos/membres/3135/l/1209654208q.jpg ) honestly . 
  eh , a criminal got killed . 
  shitty map is shitty . 
  i 'm with this guy . 
  i think you missunderstand . 
  the harkis would be people that welcome living in moldova and accept the romanian majority and getting closer to romania . 
  he was a stalin that did n't have power . 
  he committed war crimes , he was for genocides , he had extremist speeches ... 
  he simply lost power so that makes him lovely . 
  eh , lenin is n't exactly stalin . 
  some still have a hard-on for trostsky even though he probably would have been just as bad . 
  it is vital for me that i see that movie . 
  his brother ? 
   so i doubt they would be using the spanish name for a british territory . 
  the interviewer would use that term . 
  war kills . 
  both our countries sell killing machines . 
  that 's expected of the product we sell . 
  if they did n't have killing potential , no one would buy them . 
  also not to mention that france was n't in nato at that point . 
   you mean those missiles you sold to a fascist regime that used them to kill your nato allies ? 
  did n't you have the famous democrat and [ political prisoner according to the iron lady ] ( http://www.margaretthatcher.org/speeches/displaydocument.asp?docid=108383 ) general pinochet ? 
  he was a great democrat too  we did sell arms , but the uk is not a stranger on the arms market . 
  they also do very well and just like france they do n't really care about the technicalities of what costumer is a democracy or not . 
  cut this nonesense or we 'll tell sophie marceau and sofia loren to reclaim your capital .
