  if they 're not german citizens that 's fine , deport 'em . 
  if they 're german citizens , good fucking luck with that . 
  to be fair , he did admit to the possibility that he 's stupid . 
  there was no proof that he planned going to pakistan after the saudi trip . 
  he just was discovering his roots and wanted to become more religious . 
  unless i 'm wrong , there 's nothing wrong to be religious . 
  he states that his radicalization was a mix of events . 
  first society was pushing him to the fringes . 
  his classmates pointed fingers at him , talking about stoning women , then there was the humiliation of having the police go through his home . 
  of course they didnt find anything or he would have been arrested already . 
  also he could attend his final exams . 
  to the rejection of society , add a fringe group that makes the kid feel important . 
  * he 's protecting muslimhood * . 
  and a complacent father . 
  only thing missing is pop-corn . 
  de-radicalisation : telling the kid he does matter , and he can do good things , he 's not some low-life . 
  it 's time for people to say : it 's fucking fine to be muslim . 
  just because you 're muslim , that does n't make you less french , german or whatever . 
  the vast majority of european countries are secular . 
  the religion of their citizens does not matter . 
   either own them or part your ways with them . 
  how do you own them and stil ask for money from the eu ? 
  that being said every country has controversial heroes . 
  every country had owned land that didnt belong to it at some point or another , that was populated by people of other origins , and some clensing or discrimination was performed . 
  the same goes for europe . 
  if you want to see european values spread , you dont have to shit all over other people . 
  you can back a dog into a corner for only so long . 
  that 's fine . 
  they 're too big too fail . 
   with groups that were excluded from the democratic process a priori . 
  cant those people not vote ? 
  of course they can . 
  what 's with this victimization . 
   and concealed it due to societal pressure , again victimization . 
   that political correctness should n't be a controlling factor in german politics - wtf ? 
  this isnt about political correctness . 
  these are people who hate browns . 
  stop playing with words and be honest . 
  what 's the islamization of europe ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  why should a political movement declare what religion people should follow ? 
  your religion doesnt mean squat so why should a political of social movement care ? 
  this is the summum of political correctness . 
  a large group of people telling the individual what the correct religion is , what the correct thought is . 
   as long as people like you keep dismissing them as ignorant nothings , they will only continue to amass . 
  exactly like a child . 
  if you contradict it , it 'll cry stronger . 
  you just have to ignore it like the irrelevant tantrum it is . 
   but the novelty of pegida is that there is no period of radicalization and no radical peer group was n't the leader found out to be dressing like hitler ? 
  lets face it . 
  that group does n't represent the average german . 
  no random joe rants about omg europe 's becoming islamised then shout how the media is full of lies . 
  it takes a period of time to get to that stage . 
   and you calling them aids further down the thread is ... not exactly the most helpful tactic there . 
  true . 
  you 're right . 
  they 're more like ignorant children that throw tantrums . 
  they 're irrelevant in society and they 're desperately trying to show that they count . 
  completely irrational . 
  i think it 's a serious problem if people are not taught/are not learning the history of their country . 
  especially such a hotbutton topic . 
  propaganda was a very famous tool for extremist regimes so people should be aware . 
  also , symbolism is very important for extremisy regimes . 
  the choice of words and actions . 
  i also find it likely that the person must have heard of that expression within their inner group . 
  i find it very unlikely that it 's the first time that person uses such expression . 
  like with all extreme gestures and expressions , it 's not immediate . 
  there 's a period of `` extremisation '' . 
  most likely someone in their group knows the origin of this specific word . 
  you dont need aids to know that aids isnt a good thing . 
   by someone who was n't aware of the word 's history . 
  that sounds like an even more serious problem . 
   at least the referendum is real really ? 
  because it strikes me as one of those politics games . 
  the whole : oh i wan na stay in europe but the eu has to give us this and that . 
  and if you guys dont , i guess we 'll have to leave . 
  it happens more often than not that people who learn omg this new trick in maths that reduces the distance , is also abused to death . 
  if she is taught a method , she should understand the ins and outs , then move forward . 
  the number of kids that calculate the minimum of absolute value of x by derivating is too damn high . 
  the french system is 1 main class 1 exercise class . 
  i dont think that 's excessive . 
  i 'm confrontational ? 
  you call me a cunt ... wow  i do n't know what 's prompting your rant about tuition fees because having an educational system that is `` closer '' to the student costs money . 
  lectures dont cost money since you jam in hundreds of students in the same lecture hall . 
  we all talk about harvard and mit and how great they are . 
  harvard and mit have as much students in total as upmc has in in science faculty per year . 
  also look at numbher of students per faculty ratio . 
  in france it 's much higher . 
  you are forced to work on your own in france , you are not pampered and mollycoddled . 
  but it also costs next to nothing . 
  not to mention that the guy was claiming french profs dictate during their lecture . 
  that 's pure and utter bs . 
   junior role will probably be 18k - 24k depending on location and your exact job thats how much the dev gets . 
  how much does the company pay in taxes ? 
  40 % more ? 
  we 'll see in the future how useful it will be . 
   anglo saxon style lab-prevalent hey lets do it like in uk or the us then . 
  ask any ffrench student if they 're willing to pay 9k-40k per year . 
  i 'm pretty sure that much money would go a long way into hiring new staff and reducing the number of students that go to university . 
  is that the goal ?
