  and i 'm pretty sure people in bucharest and other big cities do n't really have any loss of doctors . 
  it 's the people from the countryside . 
   sure , romania has plenty of problems , but you ca n't claim to resolve them in 4 freaking years . 
  hey we were talking about values . 
   and i was explaining why romania votes for romanian fn/afd/north league/pvv which is psd . 
   bulgaria was not ruled by a communist government until 1946 and since 1944 you did n't have some pesky russian tanks on your soil ? 
  that is n't an occupation for you ? 
   it was in vialation of the treaties at the time and has caused immesurable damage to my country . 
  do you want me to explain how spheres of influence work ? 
  everybody has them . 
  ask algeria , ask chile and guatemala etc. 
   promising utopistic social measures : rising pensions , salaries , developing welfare . 
  seems to me that during psd govts , the [ minimum wage increased the most ] ( https://www.google.fr/publicdata/explore?ds=ml9s8a132hlg_&amp;met_y=minimum_wage&amp;idim=country:ro:bg:hu&amp;fdim_y=currency:eur&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en ) in 7 years , the romanian minimum wage increased by ** 100 % ** . 
  did your economy crumble ? 
   as a consequence a lot of pensioners , state-employed people , poor people living on welfare , etc. 
  voted for them and many of their voters ( and party members ) are actually protesting there measures . 
  of course . 
  and if you actually had a left wing party that would try to increase wages because the romanian economy can afford it . 
  start looking at your population , 45 % are rurals living in total poverty . 
  and the main right wing parties care about flat rate taxes [ which increase inequality ] ( https://www.researchgate.net/publication/46526600_the_impact_of_the_flat_tax_reform_on_inequality_-_the_case_of_romania ) and easing conditions for businesses . 
  no wonder people vote psd . 
  psd is your fn , 
   right after you guys celebrate the national mosque ban on bastille day . 
  national mosque ban ? 
  are we getting our news from cheeto benito 's right hand man ? 
   they did launch an attack on normandy for a country that supported thousands of volunteers for hitler . 
  check your history book , how ww2 started buddy . 
  no one forced bulgaria to join hitler . 
   not to mention that there was no need for anyone to die , only to have a spine against stalin . 
  you do realise that the soviets were occupying your country when the americans were still in france , right ? 
  listen this is a pointless debate . 
  cheers, 
   especially when an estimated 1 million iraqis died . 
  great success . 
  many iraqis were killed . 
  you 'll love your cheeto benito then  . 
  he already killed a kid , a soldier and 18 civilians . 
  that 's something you can celebrate on the 4th of july , amirite ? 
   half of europe was lost to communism due to spinelessness and appeasment of russia so you wanted americans to die because you decided to join hitler ? 
   but those parties often hold xenophobic , protectionist , nationalistic views and in many cases have a fetish for authoritarian regimes like putin 's russia . 
  and you chose the patronizing route ? 
  cuz if we go down that routh : how come the party that has a president convicted for voter fraud ( and had so so so many members convicted for corruption and abuse of power ) get almost complete majority in parlamentary elections ? 
  sorry man . 
  i just love cheeto benito . 
   you can not even begin to imagine the suffering communism has caused in europe . 
  and europe survived . 
  we 'll survive putin . 
  no need for pointless sentimentalism in this topic . 
   damn , you really are touchy . 
  nope . 
  cheeto benito is epic . 
  thank you . 
  we have n't been united in the eu since ages . 
  thank you for agent orange , he brings laughs and unity in europe   quite well 1.7 trillion dollars and 5000 us soldiers killed . 
  great success !, 
   we can increase sanctions on russia in order to undermine its economy , just like we did with the communist plague . 
  it wo n't do much . 
  it was the oil price that was killing the russians . 
   putinism should be destroyed if europe is to survive . 
  stalin did n't kill europe , i doubt putin will be able to . 
  eu sanctions caused the price of oil to plummet ? 
  go back to your cheeto benito  maybe he 'll bomb another muslim country like your last republican idiot in chief . 
  you know how well that ended, 
   your requirement for not breaking national sovereignty is now for the eu to ask each electorate themselves about actions which are legally supposed to be taken by their national governments ? 
  now that would be circumventing sovereignty , and we 've not even begun to tackle issues of governability . 
  do you want to have an actual debate or just score gotcha points ? 
  you know very well that cameron was asking to get migration benefits reductions . 
  the eu could have offered to let them have a break on eu migration for 7 years just like france and germany benefited from . 
  but no , they just got juncker ( the perfect example of what 's worse about the eu ) telling them about principles . 
  awesome . 
   if romania prior to this law had all capabilities to incarcerate then again , they do not have the capabilities . 
  143 % occupancy rates . 
   , i argue from the point of view of a constitutional state in the sense of a legal state . 
  in this framework , more than mere legality is relevant . 
  either way , in no shape or form is releasing many prisoners and some of them people accused of corruption a form of unjust laws . 
  and either way , it 's not the eu 's business to judge morality in these situations . 
   that argument is false . 
  if every us state decided to leave the us , the us would also cease to exist except that countries are n't allowed to leave the us and we can see what happens if france leaves . 
   if you want to know what the customer wants , never ask the customer . 
  just offer then something and tell them : this is what you wanted !, 
  has the eu become apple ? 
   one example : security & defense integration , in particular , the franco-german proposal supported by italy and spain . 
  other matters involve the hopeful incerase of frontex 's budget and proper external border security , more cohesive cross-border police and anti-terror work , etc. 
  oh yeah ... that 's sure to make us dream . 
  some bs army fluff without any real impact and stronger borders . 
  truly revolutionary stuff . 
  the 3rd largest country left the eu and our response : i guess we 'll just put some german planes in france . 
   what things in particular ? 
  that unstable countries were let into the eu ? 
  that poor countries were let in creating massive eu migration causing uk to leave ? 
  that we 're crippled because so many countries have a right to say ? 
  that countries with significant issues were let into the euro ? 
  pointless insults to a whole country because the cover of a newspaper . 
  my you 're jumpy, 
  i do n't really think that 's an actual insult for her . 
   also crimea is primarily russian because the russians killed and deported almost everyone else there during the soviet union . 
  yeah but what can you do now ? 
  deport and kill the russians living there ? 
  it 's not exactly the fault of the people currently living there . 
  i guess they do n't offer flights in leu,
