  what famous composers from the classical and romantic era does turkey have ? 
  sure sure we can find exceptions ( bosnia is muslim , hungariand , finnish are not indo-european ) but only small exceptions . 
  with a population of 75 million and with a history like turkey 's , it is simply to big to count is as an exception . 
  therefore it is not european . 
   that akp is very good at the manipulation of rural voters ? 
  70 % of turkish are urbaners . 
  so 30 % of the votes got 53 % if the parlament ? 
  i wo n't buy that ...  . 
  wonder , what are your thoughts on australians , now abbott is the pm ? 
  abbott is no longer pm ... but australia is one of the highest poluters in the world . 
  if you dont want alcoholism , educate your people . 
  not rise taxes to impossible levels . 
  53 voted for the sultan 's party . 
  let 's stop pretending . 
  that 's gut wrenching . 
  well drinking is forbidden in islam . 
  if that 's what the turkish want , that 's what the turkish want . 
  \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af i just hope people will now stop the turkey is a european country bs . 
  how many people are in critical condition expected to not really make it ? 
   nothing like giving more money too the church i doubt the church has a monopoly on shitty candles . 
  these look like the cheap one made in china or wherever . 
  whats the threshold to change the constitution ? 
  and darn 10 % to get in the parlament , that 's high, 
   but just uses it in american context ( he is addressing americans after all ) . 
  so americans have their own vocabulary . 
  what 's so amazing about that ? 
  it 's simply dumb to correct people on their own vocabulary . 
   and if you go over to / r/socialism and ask the americans there the point is to go to / r/usa and ask americans what socialism is . 
   . but sanders is obviously trying to recuperate the word . 
  and that 's a valid linguistic process . 
  languages evolve like it or not . 
  it 's like telling americans they shouldnt call football , soccer . 
  and they should n't call gridiron , football . 
  or call it foot-long ball . 
  it 's pointless . 
  people understand what sanders means . 
   . that is in fact the precise , correct definition , that if you look up reputable dictionaries and encylopedias , that 's what it says . 
  yes and ? 
  i 'm simply saying that people understand what sanders means . 
  and you can not call him incorrect because vocabulary and languages evolve . 
  yes , you do n't get to correct me on my french and i dont get to correct you on your dutch . 
  he was channeling his inner american . 
  so sanders thinks that in denmark and other countries workers own the means of production ? 
  til . 
  rasmunssen  the nordic model is an expanded welfare state which provides a high level of security to its citizens social democracy :  social democracy thus aims to create the conditions for capitalism to lead to greater egalitarian , democratic and solidaristic outcomes , and is often associated with the set of socioeconomic policies that became prominent in western and northern europe - particularly in the nordic countries - during the latter half of the 20th century . 
  well rasmussen isnt a native english speaking american , so i fear he 's in the wrong correcting people in their own language and vocabulary . 
  actually what americans call socialism is `` really '' called social democracy . 
  the english language being still a living language , words can change meaning . 
  we need not be so strict . 
  it is fairly clear what americans or bs mean when they say northern europe is socialist . 
  and the ~ ~ company ~ ~ country will be called saudi arabia . 
   how dare you say banks are super . 
  when i wanted to buy a house and asked the bank for money you do not understand the difference between commercial bank and investment bank . 
   , why would n't they just give me the money since they have so much ? 
  in 2006 if you were living on minimum wage in the states , you 'd get a moan immediatly to buy a house . 
  it was an awesome time . 
   . do you know they also lend money to poor people who want to start a business ? 
  again , do you think cameron wants to protect your right to get a loan from a bank ? 
  what flavour is that kool aid you 're drinking ? 
   i do n't think banning smoking would have made a difference . 
  still , time to get in line with the rest of the world . 
  i remember an article saying google refuses 75 % of take down requests based on right to be forgotten . 
  so it 's not exactly a fully censorship tool . 
  it 's not like the powers than be do n't have the power to remove the access to relevant information if so they choose to . 
   nigger head it 's actually negro head not nigger head . 
   so when europe tries to pin all of the racism on america ... racism in europe vs racism in the us are different due to divergent history . 
  hence why negro has a different meaning here vs there . 
   a lot of people , especially older ones are not educated enough when it comes to `` political corerectness '' today . 
  you dont need to be pc to know not to say in the bus : look a black person . 
   the universal declaration of human rights so do the catholics . 
  in general religious people are short minded . 
   instead of discussing the means to achieve a society more homogeneous in culture but who wants that ? 
  france already tried doing that and it only alienated others like basques , corsicans and the bretons . 
  people are kinda tired to be told what being french means or is . 
   eric zemmour what solution has he proposed ? 
  besides certain hints that the arabs should be eliminated from society . 
  he has no solution and he is simple * obsessed * with the arabs . 
  and even his former supporters and friends have started to criticise him more and more : ruquier and more notably naulleau . 
   michel onfray or alain finkielkraut like i 've said a few times . 
  the rise of marine le pen has one very positive side . 
  she has shown that the french intellectual , an old concept , has lived its life . 
  they are no longer relevant . 
  with so many sources of information and ideas , we no longer need some old dude telling us what to think . 
  these guys have no ideas and no moral goals . 
  their goal is to sell books . 
  they ca n't even come close to the likes of valery , camus or sartre . 
   did you know that it is forbidden for muslims to change religion ? 
  tell that to my atheist friends that have muslim parents . 
  dude have you met any muslims or are you talking about saudi arabian ones ? 
   and that if your parents are muslim you are de facto a muslim ( for life ) ? 
  same goes for christians . 
  and if you dont baptise you go to hell or purgatory or who gives a shit . 
  honestly dude ... 
   yeah the muslim majority countries make the earth great !, 
  sharia is the proper law . 
  women and non-muslims should be second class citizens . 
  how many of your friends are muslims ? 
  because literally none of my friends believe that . 
  yeah none . 
   looking at the societal impact of immigration , talking about islam .
