  basically you cover your face . 
  a policeman comes up to you and tells you : sir/ma ` am can i see your face and your id ? 
  now you have two possibilities : * 1 ) you show them your face , id eventually and your life continues as normal . 
  * 2 ) you refuse to then they 'll give you a fine . 
  before this law , you did n't have to show the police your face , now you do . 
  do you understand why you wo n't be affected by this law in any measure ( unless you wan na hide your face ) ? 
  i mean the ban is basically just a fuck to muslims . 
  here 's the text of the law : https://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichtexte.do?cidtexte=jorftext000022911670 can you tell me where muslims are referenced ? 
  and i have quite a few muslims friends that were extremely offended when told that the burqa is a representative of islam . 
  how would christians feel if they were told : yeah west boro church : that 's how christians are . 
   now , operating automobiles , on the other hand ... well they had carriages back then too , you know . 
     however , this would hopefully mean more than just middle-eastern women wearing face veils ( which is always the image the media put next to the article ! ) . 
  it means everyone , irrespective of the type of covering they might chose ( helmet , har , scarf , veil , metal pot , venetian mask , mummy-wraps etc. . . ) . 
  here 's the law in france : https://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichtexte.do?cidtexte=jorftext000022911670 do a ctrl+f burqa , niquab whatever you wish and tell me if you find anything  it 's almost like smart people did make this law and they already addressed basic remarks like the ones you 're making . 
   then who 's going to pay the medical bills for when my lips get frost-bite next winter ? 
  aww . 
  that 's sad . 
  well it 's sad that you do n't understand how the law works . 
  it simply states that you can not refuse to show your face to a policeman . 
  the police are the only people capable of applying the law . 
  do you drive your bike in public institutions ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure you 're breaking some other laws . 
   it was banned and then . . ? 
  terrorist disappeared ? 
  are you saying that the women that wear these veils are closely linked to terrorism ? 
  because that 's what you 're implying . 
  this law simply is a means to help the police identify people more easily and you can not refuse to show your face to a policeman or policewoman . 
  it does n't mean people stopped wearing face coverings . 
  women can wear it , then when they see a policeman , take it off . 
  and in that case , no fine is given . 
   nothing happened '' . 
  well there are about 400 fines were given of 150 euros , that 's 60k per year . 
  with no extra cost from the police . 
  that 's noice . 
   and ` anti-nationalism ' as a principle is indelibly linked at that time with napoleon 's attempt to ` unify ' europe . 
  it 's wrong to understand nationalism in post french revolution with nowadays nationalism . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/map_congress_of_vienna.jpg ) is a map of europe back then . 
  it was basically a map of empires . 
  the french revolution , the napoleonic conquests that brought to europe ideas of changing the old order and the [ french 1848 revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutions_of_1848 ) that spread ideals of democracy , self-determination and patriotism were essential to overturning the old empire europe . 
  the anti-nationalism exhibited by the austrian empire and others were simply a desire to continue occupying regions that did n't belong to them in any way . 
   ad hominem discussion about me . 
  i 'm talking about media 's and people 's reactions in europe and in sweden . 
  because it 's your comment and your reaction . 
  you said sweden lost face . 
  and even if you read it in some other article on the media , you decided to repeat it , therefore agreeing with the rethoric . 
   my guess is that is because the french do n't run around calling themselves feminists . 
  we go around talking about secularism  and not wearing the veil , public officials must not wear the veil also . 
  you have enough reason to feel outraged . 
   i have no idea and i really do n't care . 
  so you do n't care why you 're presented certain information and why other information is not presented ? 
  why they filter some stuff and not other stuff ? 
  you do not care what agenda people have to present some news and not others ? 
  i 'd be particularly concerned about that , but that 's just me . 
   further meaningful conversation . 
  when one will present itself , i 'll be sure to give proper arguments . 
  you 're just saying silly things like omg sweden lost face when it 's something that actually have no particular value except for some extremists on t_d that wan na score points . 
  other countries wore the veil and it did n't hit your radar , that should tell you something about how well your radar is calibrated . 
  i 'm thinking michel sitting in some place under the pantheon cupola and time passing as l\u00e9on 's experiment is launched . 
   i indeed do not remember anything about france doing something like that . 
  yeah propaganda was not strong back then . 
   you know , politics is an interesting and fluid subject . 
  yes . 
  propaganda can be strong and you suddenly care a lot of a topic that has no value , or propaganda can be weak and lo and behold , you do n't care . 
  fascinating shit . 
  well you claim that sweden lost face , so did france . 
  but i find it interesting that you do n't even remember when france lost face . 
   on the other hand , the swedish government lost face big time . 
  france had ministers that wore the veil . 
  i do n't remember you commenting on that issue . 
  can you recall me what you said at the time ? 
  yeah . 
  a scarf is a yuge principle . 
  much more important than jobs . 
   foucault oh god . 
  what an embarrassment : /, 
  we know the us has some of the most lax free speech laws . 
  here 's a fun little game . 
  you 're serbian so you need a visa to visit the us . 
  why do n't you burn the us flag , take pics and at the interview with the embassy , show them those pics . 
  share your results here , 
   i am that guy you 're explained that diplomacy is needed for trade and you go on a friggin dumbass comment about french being hypocritical cunts . 
  if it would have been a normal user , you 'd get at least a ban for the type of crap you said . 
  no wonder this sub is turning into / r/european-lite because of crap moderation like this . 
  the guy goes on calling france a country of hypocritical cunts * without ever being insulted * and you 're warning me ? 
  i 'm done with this edgy sub . 
   \u03a4\u03bf exert dominance yeah ... no thanks . 
  we 've exerted enough dominance . 
  segolene royal wore won , but since the propaganda was n't strong , it did n't hit your radar . 
  meanwhile iran is buying 100 airbuses http://www.france24.com/fr/20161222-iran-finalise-commande-100-avions-airbus-aeronautique-a350 19 billion . 
   not wanting the government to pay for abortions is against women 's rights now ? 
  lem me explain this for you since you are obviously lost . 
  women have the right to get reimbursed if they have an abortion . 
  le pen wants to stop that -  she wants to remove a right . 
  it 's not difficult to understand , is it ? 
   it 's a wonder why le pen is doing a better job of standing up for women 's rights actually no . 
  http://www.lefigaro.fr/politique/le-scan/2016/12/12/25001-20161212artfig00210-comment-marine-le-pen-a-evolue-sur-l-avortement.php in 2012 she wanted to stop women who `` abuse '' abortion . 
  and her niece , that 's an mp in france wants abortions to no longer be reimbursed . 
  so , women 's rights you were saying ? 
   any european woman politician that will accept to wear a scarf in order to meet with a muslim figurehead will be reprimanded from the people . 
  not really .
