  no significant amount of karma to be extracted : /, 
   but are n't we all moving that way let 's say you 're a student in your preparation at massena or in nantes and you get accepted at x , ecp , mines paris , ponts . 
  do you blow them off saying neah you 're good you 'll go to telecom rennes or mines douai or ec lyon ? 
  let 's not be ridiculous here . 
  those schools do n't wan na move outside of idf and why would they ? 
  and if you get a job , like it or not you 've got tons more opportunities in paris than in lyon , lille ( or * shudders * marseille ) . 
   in all seriousness , the 19th century is over and federal or devolved states have shown themselves to be much more efficient in developing all their territory instead of the capital region and actually making any province outside the capital matter . 
  yes , the corsicans and cretans might get some scary autonomy , but all systems have their faults . 
  if you know how france is organised , why comment man ? 
  france can not do with a federal system because idf is simply too rich . 
  the level of r&d done there is simply unrivaled in any other region . 
  if you wan na go to a french top engineering school or university you have to leave your region and go to paris . 
   the get past the napoleonic model of administration already because napoleon invented the monarchy or the revolution ... suuure . 
  actually he was a marshal !, 
  major foch up on your part !, 
  tesla is still using the third party mobileye which equips other cars like renault or bmw . 
  it is not what average people think autopilot means as according to nhtsa it is level 2 :  at least two controls can be automated in unison , such as adaptive cruise control in combination with lane keeping . 
  google is aiming for level 3 :  the driver can fully cede control of all safety-critical functions in certain conditions . 
  the car senses when conditions require the driver to retake control and provides a `` sufficiently comfortable transition time '' for the driver to do so . 
  this is autopilot . 
  i 'm not greek . 
  your plumbing should be sealed . 
  so you have nothing to fear , 
  i wish they 'd change the name because that 's not autopilot . 
  just call it what it is : driver aids . 
  only google is working on a true autopilot . 
  you got ta change the cobra that 's inside . 
  or you might have a racoon . 
  depends on the year and the model . 
  do n't worry they are defanged . 
  unless it was made in china , then it 's everybody 's guess . 
   jiyza to be fair , as a dude i 'd rather give jizya than receive it . 
   sounds like you have to read up more about the problems of the respective banks read up what ? 
  did merkel unveil her master plan ? 
  are you draghi or something ? 
  or should i go by faith that they 'll do the right thing ? 
   their importance ah yes . 
  the classic tbtf . 
  db is a huge pile of shit and should be bailed out . 
  italian banks are smaller piles of shit . 
  we can flush them safely . 
  db should be broken up in smaller parts because honestly they 're ridiculous . 
  still doesnt make it less bs . 
  did you forget the whole will she will she not . 
   the bank after shareholders pay the price i 'm sorry but the article says the bank will be bailed out not bailed in . 
  sounds exactly the same as what renzi wanted . 
  the newest installment of news you would n't believe are true . 
  before we had : * hillary running for president * sarkozy running for president * romania and bulgaria were not ready to enter the eu in 2007 . 
  what will the next one be ? 
  i 'm guessing : * hollande runs for president * uk triggers article 50, 
  yeah . 
  and what about renzi ? 
  what spot is he in ? 
  or are german banks tbtf while italian banks can go eat crow ? 
   `` do you drive diesel or gas cars ? '' . 
  france has the most diesel cars yet hardly any pollution on this map . 
  i wonder who has a bigger us boner , you or the swedes . 
   t swiss police wont go on the beach arrest random women burqa , in front of everyone like in france . 
  never seen a woman with a burqa at the beach . 
  is she into frugal saunas or something ? 
  you colonised entire continents for spices . 
  i bet you hold to them more dearly than the danish . 
  because the mods thought it would be whimsical . 
  just like their new very funny tags on articles . 
  ps : since we wo n't arrive at a conclusion and we wo n't convince the other we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  why can you not pay for a surrogate but be able to pay for a prostitute . 
  you are still using their body . 
  an employer can hire you in jobs that have higher mortality and injury rates than in giving birth , yet we still allow those jobs . 
  why is money abuse in one case but not abuse in the other ? 
  why do you measure things in `` potential of abuse '' ? 
  there is a potential to abuse alcohol or drugs but those are n't illegal . 
  why only money has `` potential of abuse '' ? 
  what if i emotionally use a woman to become a surrogate ( it can happen like in sects or whatever ) . 
  you selected a random thing : money exchange to measure something very hard `` potential of abuse '' . 
  there is no perfect answer . 
  things will always be random at some point . 
  there is no absolute truth or a perfect solution when dealing with human problems in all their complexity . 
  claiming such a thing exists is foolish but at some point you have to decide one way or the other because there is no expert . 
  and even if an expert does exist they 'll give you answers with probabilities . 
  if you do this , then you have 70 % chances of achieving the desired outcome , 5 % chance of abuse etc etc. 
  that 's how reality works . 
   there is . 
  fine in the topic of meiwes or organ selling how do you decide when you have 2 consenting adults ? 
   the decent change there is no decent change . 
  lowering the age to 12/14/15 might be decent to some . 
  selling your organs might be decent to some others . 
  there is no mathematical/scientific optimum here . 
  it 's a random choice . 
  i can not tell you if selling organs is decent or not . 
  i simply can tell you that i 'd rather not live in a country where one can sell their organs . 
  the whole point is that what is decent to some is indecent to others , and that 's why you let society and the people decide . 
   so , if they were a majority it would became alright ? 
  if that is the society they want to live in , there is no means of stopping them . 
  should we bomb afghanistan because they have bacha bazi or saudi arabia because they do n't give women their rights and kill homosexuals ? 
  should we bomb the usa because they torture people at guantanamo ? 
  there should be only 1 right that ought to be a guarantee : the right to leave a country . 
  because besides that , there 's nothing other people can do other than start a war . 
  but i 'd rather not live on a planet where countries fight each other because they have different concepts of decency . 
  that 's very wonderful and amazing and koombaya . 
  let 's all hold hands .
