   oh , raped once or twice , harassing started at 8 or smth , no biggie . 
  again if you have any proof of that you should come forth   i am not surprised no one lift a finger , you ca n't be the only one representing that beautiful mentality . 
  yes . 
  i know it sucks asking for proof before going on witch hunts . 
  : / damn me , damn the french . 
  btw did you catch the boston bombers ? 
   btw , can you give me the source for you weird claims of 30 years and such ( french ones are okay too btw ) or was it just an extremely weird joke ? 
  http://tempsreel.nouvelobs.com/justice/20160129.obs3630/jacqueline-sauvage-47-ans-d-enfer-conjugal.html here ya go . 
  the ridiculous story about the time she went to the police but she `` burnt her deposition '' . 
  i wont spend my life doing research for you but basically they all declare being raped once or twice at the age of 15-16-17 or smth like that . 
  the oldest sister is now 50 , the others being probably 45 ish . 
  so you do the maths   oh that 's right i forgot , sexual abusers have never been sent to jail after the victim has grown up . 
  without any proof other than he dunnit ? 
  suuuure . 
   raping your daughters ( you do know her daughter tried reporting him ? 
  the police called her dad ) `` oh . 
  30 years ago my dad raped me . '', 
  `` that 's terrible . 
  do you have any proof ? '', 
  `` uhm ... 
  i did go to the gendarmerie to make a deposition but when they were n't looking i took the paper and burnt in the toilet '' . 
  you do n't send people to jail without proof . 
  i know , it sucks but such is life . 
  well of course not . 
  you do n't want a corpse to stink up the place , do you ? 
  so so salty . 
  must be from bootleg moonshine : / . 
   who the fuck is talking about the previous judgement . 
  you are . 
  when you 're talking about self defence . 
  here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4xt0h7/french_court_refuses_to_release_a_woman_pardoned/d6ilt79  pay attention in your english class kid . 
  stay off the cider and sister for a while , will you ? 
  yeah sure . 
  th\u00e9 fact that it was \u00e0 jury that decided her guilt ** before ** the president ever spoke is clearly proof of what you 're saying . 
  dude , you 're full of it . 
   it 's called , self defense . 
  no it 's not . 
  proof : she 's in jail now . 
  does n't have to be sky scrappers but honestly milano is much more lively and dynamic . 
  why ? 
  do a lot of people do that where you 're from ? 
  of course not . 
  he did n't even bother to make eye contact with me, 
  yes ... but where 's the new . 
  you have to go out of the center parts to see any new things and that kinda sucks . 
  cities should be allowed to evolve and not just stay in their museum state . 
  cities are made to be lived in . 
  i loved it too , i find the architecture amazing ... but the really old and very boring stuff like a lot that is around the colosseum , circo maximus , ponte rotto ... meh : / it 's a bit like the old is not letting the new live . 
   that 's actually what happened . 
  i know . 
  but being reminded of it is n't such an awesome feeling , i 'd imagine . 
   not sure where there could possibly be more history in one place . 
  that 's the thing , too much history . 
  it 's too lopsided . 
  all the attractions are extremely old . 
  the most recent major attraction is from ~ ~ 1861 ~ ~ 1925 ( muh bad ) . 
  it 's just too old and you have the impression that for long stretches of time , rome was irrelevant . 
  after the fall , then after the papal state began its descent into irrelevance and nowadays the same thing can be seen . 
  you ca n't really look at rome and think something major will happen here . 
  worst part , he was limp . 
  i had the same impression . 
  while a lot of the old stuff is really great like santa maria degli angeli , a lot of it is essentially just a bunch of old bricks stacked ( like porta magica , circo maximo ) . 
  they 're just purely useless and kept just because they 're really old bricks . 
  you realise that no matter what happens , they 'll always be there . 
  for all eternity . 
  you just get the whole image of a fallen empire and it 's not exactly super appealing . 
  london and paris , while capitals of former empires , they do n't have that decrepit feeling . 
  you do n't have that impression that their history has be written and they 're just coasting . 
  i came from the airport and got off at termini . 
  100m in rome i see a guy masturbating . 
  holy shit , only time i have ever seen one . 
   despite it being very crowded at times . 
  you can literally go 200m away from the main axis train station-rialto-st mark square and you find yourself in a very quaint calm place . 
  well all those car brands are owned by vw . 
  it 's not like they used the magic properties of the vw emblem on the grill of those cars to hack them . 
   they would help local production define local production . 
  look at how ridiculous that article is . 
   romania is ... rich in family farms ... the large number of small-scale family farms is a source of strength in the national economy , culture , society , and sustainability of agriculture . 
  this preponderance of small-scale family farms has until now has been seen as a weakness in romania 's agriculture , a barrier to competitiveness that needs to be rectified . 
  however , recently there has been a re-appraisal of the social and economic value of small-scale farming . 
  the dude is trying to completely out of the loop . 
  romania has 30 % o it 's work force still working in agriculture . 
  1/5th of the total agricultural surface is occupied by plots ranging from 1-5 ha . 
  830k of those . 
  it 's the most chopped up country only behind malta and cyprus ( which are n't exactly huge countries ) . 
  do you expect a supermarket like carrefour , billa , lidl to negotiate with farmers that own 5 hectares ? 
  this is n't the evil west being evil . 
  this is just huge companies that have very small margins and the sine qua non need of obtaining large amounts of stock very quickly . 
  and the guy from the article simply does n't get how an industry works . 
  supermarkets where people like good looking very perishable goods all year round at very small prices do n't really work well with a huge fuckton of very small producers . 
  i ca n't even begin to describe how wrong he is and how little he understands of supply chains , scale economies etc etc. 
  funny how serbia considers everybody to be serbs in one form or another . 
  weird . 
  that point also made me go wtf ? 
  the eu ? 
  calling people trolls when you are facing serious accusations and breach of conduct rules ? 
  what an asshole . 
   they have the best swimmers in europe maybe currently , but in london france had the best european swimming team https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swimming_at_the_2012_summer_olympics 7 medals 4 gold vs 3 medals , 2 gold . 
  they just eat fewer burgers . 
   it might very well incite a few other referendums in the next two or three years .
