  edit : but jon stewart called that an infringement on free speech . 
  because if you dont let an antisemite spew bs , it 's bad for some reason, 
   not overwhelming ?? 
  it 's the inception of coat of arms . 
  stop looking at the guy 's crutch . 
  his eyes are up he ... nevermind, 
  i am waiting for the bretons and their [ flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brittany#/media/file:flag_of_brittany_%28gwenn_ha_du%29.svg ) . 
  sigh , they 're everywhere . 
  edit : took 15 mins . 
  longer than i expected . 
  so where do you get the whole not integrated into society ? 
  giroud is gypsy , kendji . 
  they do just fine, 
   sell their lifes and sacrifices it 's just a statue covered for 5 mins with a tarp . 
  stop making such a big deal out of it . 
  business is also politics and you have to know how to do both . 
  it 's not like the guy took a shit in the vatican . 
   c'mon , we and them could n't even properly integrate roma/gypsy people , have you met any french gypsies ? 
   what a coward , but i guess beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  would you cover a statue for 15 mins if that means a school gets built ? 
   i do n't believe in apathetic fatalism . 
   i do n't care  i can expand well good for you . 
  but unless you happen to be a big politician in your country i doubt you can change anything . 
  we 're not talking about personal opinions and feelings but about general statements and facts . 
   and i do , partial desintegration of the eu until it returns to its core , well the eu stands for more than just a borderless free trade zone . 
  that 's supremely reductive in the goals of the eu . 
  it isnt just some type of borderless nafta . 
  from the beginning it set out to achieve more . 
  hence the eu name . 
  not befta . 
  i 'm not talking about these small time events ( one guy saying something in the media or whatever to please the electorate ) . 
  i 'm talking about large scale . 
  i doubt any dutch pm would want to be known as the guy that shit over the eu . 
   franco-german domination too strong . 
  well you have to suggest something in place . 
  you cant be opposed just for the sake of being opposed . 
  the fact that certain players are bigger than others is always a problem . 
  look at the national level when people from less populated areas saying they want more power . 
  i 've seen it in these threads about yeah trade with the commonwealth , that 's where the future of uk lies . 
   especially after wwii after degaulle told the uk to take a hike i think de gaulle told the us to take a hike because he simply didnt want to be a little pawn . 
  he did his best to achieve a certain independence from both major powers . 
   alienate even its own readership go to every article in le monde ( a left-center-left journal ) and every comment will be some pessimistic omg how can you guys be so naive bs . 
  the world is crumbling . 
  the world 's been crumbling for generations . 
   there is absolutely 0 chance the eu will allow scotland to just ` inherit ' the uk 's membership . 
  not only is there no precedent or even mechanism for it , it would be completely bizarre and against the eu 's interests to allow such a small member to have such huge concessions . 
  dude , you this is just about paperwork right ? 
  it 's not like some universal law like gravity saying hey scotland cant fly . 
   enjoy your euro , open borders , and being told what you can and ca n't do by germany . 
  i like the germans , they 're cool people . 
  that 's the problem with the uk , it had a glorious past and it 's still hanging on to it . 
  dude , it 's over . 
  start living in the present , the colonies will only drift apart and closer to asia for australia and nz and closer to the us for canada . 
  i believe in meritocracy for people but also for countries . 
  credit where credit is due . 
  actually that 's not a bad idea . 
  eu needs to go back to its roots . 
  france-germany and whomever wants to join ( italy , spain i 'm sure . 
  benelux . ), 
  germany 's broseph poland . 
  countries that still share certain values . 
   because of how little involvment and respect britain has in the eu . 
  that actually comes from the fact that uk actively chooses to isolate itself . 
  they see themselves more part of the anglo-saxon world than the european continent . 
  there 's the 90 days issue which is actually the thorny problem . 
  because they stay . 
  if you can show they have no actual means for a job , no housing , no income , after 90 days it 's the boot . 
  yes . 
  i understand that comment . 
  i just mean that when the eu will ask for i dunno what uk products to follow this and that standard , the uk will just have to comply if it wants to see products on this market . 
   the uk will remain a member of the eea , which is the part that deals with trade and freedom of movement . 
  the eu is not the eea , it is a federalization project , and the uk is already not really a part of that . 
  so the eu will impose all the laws and regulation and standards on the uk , and it can not decide on anything ? 
  is that wise ? 
  serbia 's welcome imho . 
  dont just focus on the negatives and naysayers . 
  a lot was more related to the whole gypsy issue . 
  they might want to deport some, 
  what was the policy used in the case of the us ? 
  there is simply no comparison . 
  the sheriff is functionally retarded . 
  no , no . 
  nazism would have happened anyway because when you ban something you only make it worse . 
  look at catholic school girls . 
   welcome to eu !, 
  we had to sit 10 hours in the rain in november just to vote for the president at out fucking cunsulate in germany . 
  how is that an eu problem ? 
  visa 's suck ass balls, 
   this started in the late 19th century . 
  austria , france , germany , denmark etc are all holding artifacts that belong in turkey . 
  that being said , a part are of greek origin ... 
   we hate basically everyone , ourselves the most lol . 
  start really hating a neighbour and you 'll basically be european . 
   which suggested that the shootings at sandy hook -- and the attacks of sept. 11 , 2001 -- might have been staged by the federal government to provide a pretext for `` disarming the public '' through gun control legislation i never heard of this bozo before and i would have lived a merry life not knowing about his existence . 
  cant you find a better quote ? 
   they really do n't . 
  these laws are a disgrace . 
  you are free to move to a country that has your views on freedom of speech . 
   free speech is one thing only : the right to say and express whatever you want without the government being able to legally persecute you for it . 
  privately , publicly it does n't matter .
