  the people who turned out to be actually dangerous are those that were from europe , lived here , knew the language , had id to rent stuff etc. 
  compare that with people who 've never been to europe , do n't know the language , customs and can barely buy themselves a kebab . 
   we want a moral solution but that does not equate to military action . 
  let 's all search for moral pacific solutions while yazidis are being killed . 
  we should just talk to isis right ? 
   remains of your legacy there which would be helpful to france . 
  such as gas exports from qatar that can be imported through the south of france . 
  does not make a lick of sense . 
  syria , gas from qatar , south of france . 
  you sound like an extremely confused person and you should educate yourself . 
  good day . 
   where did calais guys ended up in ? 
  couple thousand migrants ca n't simply vanish . 
  they 've been split up in different regions of france . 
   they moved from calais to paris no they did n't . 
  those are others . 
  which have also been relocated . 
   the sense they were once run by the french , they were n't run by the french . 
  it was a french mandate where the french would supervise things until the state became functional . 
  after 20 years , it was done . 
   you guys used to call it a colony or whatever yeah whatever ... you 're just ignorant . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_mandate_for_syria_and_the_lebanon the french mandate lasted for 20 years , enough time for the country to get back up on its feet . 
  dude ignorance is not an obligation . 
  you can cultivate yourself , if you so choose to . 
   it 's basically the mindset of your politicians since it is considered in your sphere of responsibility according to gaullism doctrine . 
  fuck me you 're ignorant . 
   why are we there ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide_of_yazidis_by_isil to stop the genocides . 
  you as a german should know how important it is to fight to stop genocides . 
   you guys are the ones on the crusade here yes stopping a terrorist organisation from genocide is a crusade . 
   have you seen our refugee budget yeah we 're doing the work so germany does n't have to increase it . 
   syria is a former francophonie syria was never part of the oif , i fail to see how the international franchophone organisation is relevant to this discussion ... 
  please enlighten me . 
  and we 're the ones paying for a huge part of continental europe 's defense . 
  i do n't see germany fighting in syria . 
   until, 
  i said the guy has no clue about france concerning the refugee crisis . 
  we 've largely unaffected by it . 
  directly , inversely . 
  who gives a crap :d, 
   or did you think that standardization would mean we all buy french ? 
  germany will have the new ones stationned in france http://www.janes.com/article/64353/germany-and-france-create-joint-tactical-air-transport-squadron, 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-lockheed-germany-france-iduskcn1251me joint use of resources like transporter planes  see ... strong and close cooperation . 
   not for us . 
  i have no idea who `` us '' is . 
   we 're not going to impoverish our people so you can maintain a bloated lifestyle . 
  we the people !, 
  do you have any position of political power because you talk like a senator or something . 
  you must be at least a pm !, 
  so are you someone in a parlament or just a redditor with disillusions of grandeur ? 
   however it was about an eu army , not cooperation we wo n't have an eu army but an extremely high level of cooperation , 
   hollande will be on the way out shortly . 
  yeah that 's what elections are for . 
   genuinely think the migrant crisis has been the death knell of the european union obviously you have no friggin idea about france . 
  we 've been unaffected by the syrian migrant crisis ? 
  and the libyan crisis ... well france and uk participated in creating it and it 's not at all significant . 
   there 's a palpable sense of distrust towards the eu emerging all over . 
  yes ... palpable when you have no clue about france , but i 'm sure your senses sharpen at the level of a continent right ? 
  hollande was pushing for euro bonds , having a common fiscal policy with a set of countries would n't bother us greatly . 
  on the other hand , we 'd deffo appreciate military cooperation with germany and benelux . 
  keeping an array for military satellites is n't cheap . 
  cybersecurity and cyberwarfare is n't cheap either . 
  sigint is n't cheap . 
  by pooling resources we can do much much more than we 'd be able on our own . 
   to introduce the dreaded brussels bureaucracy instead . 
  do you understand that the new army cooperation project has nothing to do with brussels ? 
   we 're not going to gain anything in terms of efficiency , probably even lose out . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/musis satellite imagery is essential in assuring that the intelligence we collect is independent from any other country . 
  and it 's pretty bloody expensive . 
  us has shown with the iraqi war that it is not above tampering with data and distorting it to obtain what it wants . 
  we need our own satellites , launchers , nuclear protection so on and so forth . 
   while at the same time you claim that obama cut unemployment in half by cutting it from 7.2 to 5 . 
  do you understand how economics works ? 
  do you think that once obama started , the crisis ended ? 
  do you think that obama had a magic tool to stop the recession ? 
  unemployment increasing until 10 % in oct 2009 is all bush 's fault http://data.bls.gov/timeseries/lns14000000 unemployment grew from 7.2 in dec to 7.8 in january . 
  obama did n't even get sworn into office and it already increased by 0.6 percentage points . 
   not sure what country you are from but i hope they invest in an economics class in your country . 
   france in syria = oh we were cleaning up the mess . 
  that is correct . 
   france in afghanistan = oh we had to be there . 
  that again is correct . 
   you 're the one with the french flag displayed so ? 
  does that block my view in seeing that libya was an utter failure while mali was more or less a success ? 
  does it bother you that libya , iraq and what turned out to be afghanistan were failures ? 
  is it better to have countries shout out for percentages of gdp while completely ignoring the failures of military campaigns that were carried out ? 
  is it wrong to realise that the bigger your military budget , the bigger the fuck ups ? 
  we know how to stir up shit , we do n't know how to rebuild a country . 
  but hey keep playing the `` backed into a corner card , the world is so unfair '' card . 
  if that helps you maintain your narrative that everybody is out to get you , well who am i to judge ? 
  of course . 
  heaven forbid you 'd engage in some critical thinking on a situation and detach yourself from blind patriotism !, 
  we must not have that . 
  we had to be there because a fellow nato member was attacked and the regime refused to give up osama . 
  in other cases iraq , libya us/uk , uk/fr were on the fore front . 
  how big of a success were those ? 
   now tell me more how it 's important to have huge armies with big budgets, 
   ignore all the stuff france has been pushing for . 
  yeah , try a little less jingoism and admit when your country has been wrong . 
  trust me , your inner world will not collapse .
