  cough calais jungle cough yeah . 
  where do they come from ? 
  their first schengen country is n't france , is it ? 
   italy is actually involved in resolving the crisis in libya how ? 
  you let them in and out . 
  some you do accept though to be fair . 
  according to dublin regulation , they have to apply to asylum in the first schengen country they land in . 
  are you telling me the first schengen country those calais migrants landed in is france ? 
  that 's not how geography works man . 
  so op is getting shafted . 
  his salary is 2-3 times smaller than the russian average, 
  yeah . 
  if russia 's economy was diversified enough to provide for its population , yeah . 
  but that does n't seem to be the case . 
  italy ? 
  greece ? 
  we wait till they straighten up their crap and let them back in . 
  heck , we probably lost more because tourism took a blow because of the terrorist attacks . 
  or non complying states should simply be removed from schengen . 
  it 's not like every border is a problem . 
  goddamit man . 
  you 're british . 
  stop the snickering and the snivelling . 
  no man . 
  trust me , you are free to open your party . 
  democracy does n't mean people will vote for you , it means people can vote for you . 
  when you 'll understand that subtle difference , your understanding of these matters will greatly improve . 
  well no one is stopping you from moving to france , starting your own political party , getting the citizenship and running for president . 
  this is democracy at its finest my friend . 
  all topics can be discussed through a vote . 
  go at it . 
   the people never asked for that and voting for a leader is not a mandate to do whatever they like . 
  marine le pen would render ethnic data available . 
  but oddly enough she never gets more than 30 % of the votes . 
  is n't democracy awful : s, 
  what are you talkig about ? 
  we know the laws . 
  they 're not hidden from us . 
  i 'm confused . 
  people voted for hate speech laws . 
  people do n't want statistics based on ethnicity, 
   major countries go to war all the time , it seems . 
  and how pany were in such dire situations that they needed to call on civilians ? 
  the roma are your population . 
  you have about 0 romanian roma there . 
  ah voluntari ? 
  okay man my bad . 
   why do you keep demolishing their huts ? 
  why do they live in huts ? 
  give them jobs and apartments . 
  from ferentari to france to ferentari again . 
  well apparently it only applies for people who had a job for at least a year . 
   we are all very much still horrible racists over here in the east . 
  yeah . 
  i do hear from time to time people claiming antonescu should have sent more gypsies to the bug . 
  do you also give them tractors ? 
  what 's the co2 and other emissions on them ? 
  i mean the real values . 
  so integrated roma = unemployed native hungarian ? 
  does it apply to gypsies too ? 
  look at the length of that conscription . 
  okay for some people it probably can be reduced but it 's a lot of time . 
   the uk should n't be in a position where it is unable to turn down migrants who are unable to work and support themselves in the uk ( with whatever benefits anyone else is entitled to ) . 
  weird . 
  because the french are able to do that -  deporting the gypsies . 
  why would n't uk be able to do the same ? 
  i 'm really confused here and i think people who visit for benefits dont really exist . 
  is the german state willing to repay romania for the brain drain it is sucking up . 
  those polish and romanian nurses and docs are n't educated with 2 cents and a glass of water . 
  i doubt any eu country is in the situation israel is . 
  also :  the normal length of compulsory service is currently three years for men and two years for women . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  not to mention that by the time major countries would need to send civilians to a war zone , the nukes would be flying . 
   it makes almost no sense that it is massively harder for a canadian or an australian to come to the uk ** long term ** than it is for a german of french person . . that 's what you said . 
  long term as in 10 years yeah . 
  short term as in 2 years the french and germans should get preferential treatment as the one the english receive . 
  yeah romanians that cared for the state of romania voted . 
  not people that have never lived in romania and could n't care less about what happens to that country . 
   in moldova the people take their information from russian tv channels . 
  cuz the moldovans went to vote . 
  good one . 
   as for irina : cute girl , too bad she is married . 
  are you sad elena basescu is married too ? 
   we have real romanians worse then her . 
  she diminished the value of the citizenship . 
  it is just a visa . 
  you have a mass of people that have no real connection to romania that have its passport . 
  that 's a bad thing if the eu will come to an end . 
   i thought we were talking about people living in and/or working in another country uhm , yes . 
  cameron wants people to work for at least 4 years before they can be allowed benefits . 
  that 's what i got from this all kerfufle . 
  well you should mention the ones in poland , italy , greece or bulgaria . 
   it makes almost no sense that it is massively harder for a canadian or an australian to come to the uk long term than it is for a german of french person . . that 's why we 're talking about the short ter here . 
  yeah . 
  lets look where those eu institutions are ... oh ... 
  thank you for your references and precisions . 
   overall , i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted it 's internet points . 
  not very important either way :p, 
   america is the bastion of online porn exactly , porn not nudity . 
  check sarkozy 's :  la france on l'aime ou on la quitte .
