  after you have a major exam . 
  at big companies , ~ ~ you 're actually ~ ~ if you 're from a good grande ecole , you 'll get a starting salary that is higher than a phd . 
  hmm other things ? 
  our cuisine is still relevant and we have a lot of chefs that actually strive to produce new things ( e.g. 
  it is an art form that is still alive . 
  dont expect a big fireworks spectacle in paris for new year 's eve . 
  a lot of countries have smth big , especially in global cities , paris just goes meh . 
  i 'll see other things that go through my mind . 
  we mus n't suck up all the power from the sun or we 'll all get cancer . 
  how could you forget caga tio ? 
  romania too had an old man frost . 
  because communism . 
  old man xmas was too religious . 
   on a serious note - this is the type of refugees we should accept in latvia . 
  just out of curiosity , is latvia okay with accepting russian speaking refugees from thr donbass area ? 
  think i 'll start a calendar . 
  each day i 'll mark an x whenever there 's an article on the front page of / r/europe about the decline of country x or the eu . 
  wan na see what the results are . 
  what 's a genocide if not a little hiccup . 
  they 're good but also have `` imperialistic '' desires ( see the whole taiwan and philippines islands issue ) which make me wary . 
  concentrating too much power in one country is a bad idea . 
  between the us and russia , no . 
  hence ukraine , georgia and syria . 
  nothing seems to unite people more than money . 
  if only we could replace mad with maed ( mutually assured economic destruction ) . 
  this kinda sounds like the overton window . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overton_window you should redo the article so as to give the definition in the very first paragraph . 
  you just say it 's a concept defined by some dude . 
  okay ... but what is it . 
  also because it started to get a bit out of hand , cost wise . 
   what is there left to develop ? 
  it 's not just * boom goes the dynamite * . 
  it 's a very complicated system , especially the plutonium bombs and hydrogen bombs . 
  the h bombs involve the creation of a primary explosion ( a normal a bomb ) which compresses the secondary the contains the fusion fuel . 
  big boom . 
  you have to have the shape , the disposition of the primary wrt the secondary very precise . 
  it is a very intensive optimisation problem . 
  and you want to deliver those bombs , and who talks about delivery talks about reduction of the size of those bombs . 
  now you add a completely new element to the problem . 
  there 's a reason why the russians built the largest submarine ever : because they did n't have the technology to miniaturise their slbms to the same level as americans . 
  not to mention that you leave those bombs in their silos or bays for years and decades . 
  you have to understand how corrosion affects the components , how the uranium affects the electronics etc etc. 
  like with any piece of technology , there is always improvement . 
  the tbms were the same . 
  on the french side the geology was different and more fracture lines in the rock https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/channel_tunnel#geology, 
   no refugees or immigrants took par uhm two guys ( that took the refugee route ) are still unidentified and they 're not europeans ... so yeah . 
  and abaaoud did take the refugee route . 
   still , do n't forget , the soviet union never looked stronger than before the collapse wut ? 
  after ee kicked communism to the kerb , after the glasnost and perestroika , people knew something was up in the ussr . 
  til fifa is a govt organisation . 
   true , but only if they were catholics . 
  the catholic church opposed slavery in the 18th century but only if the slaves were catholic ... bs . 
  source for such a statement ? 
  there 's a papal bull of 1741 that condemns the slavery of native americans https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pope_benedict_xiv#other_activities, 
  when not talking about disabled journalists that is . 
   modern opinions on the subject . 
  the founding fathers of the united states containing slaveholders among them is the most commonly cited example . 
  uhm , even at their time , there were many people who opposed slavery . 
  amongst them ... gasp ... the catholic church . 
  no fine could have made them suffer . 
  too high and they could have declared bankruptcy . 
  the ban is perfect . 
  it was made illegal in france after they killed our president at the time, 
  christianity was successful in removing pagan religions . 
  and have you seen many anarchists ? 
  they used to be super popular . 
  heck we can find tons of examples . 
  well uhm ... venice . 
  you can not complain about what makes it beautiful . 
  plus you can take the bus to maestre and then a train . 
  1h30 in total iirc . 
  venice 's marco polo is kinda ugly on the outside ( looks like an old style factory ) but in the inside they have an old timey propelor plane . 
  that was pretty neat . 
  they should have oiled the pan with some greaseballs . 
  guess im jumpy froggie . 
  it was a clock :d jk jk, 
  people should realise that twitter is about as accurate as a monkey with a typewriter . 
  during the netherlands-germany bomb scare cnns twitter feed said it was a bomb . 
  that was actually bs . 
  also during the paris attacks a lot of bs news on twitter . 
   several sites just starting to confirm it was an actual bomb on the plane . 
  we dont know . 
  we should wait for authorities to actually say what it was . 
  this one left from mauritius . 
  continental climate europe gets snow and cold . 
  and hot in the summer . 
  if the planet is telling you it 's not a good idea to live there , why fight it ? 
  at what point does it make it too wasteful to live in a certain area ? 
  this !, 
  * tin foil hat *, 
  no man . 
  our songs objectively suck . 
  i want to like them but they 're simply bad . 
  any work of art should have the original name the artist gave it , no matter what language or characters they used . 
  concerning the translation , that can be whatever the museum chooses . 
  should have used caps then :d, 
  i agree . 
  people should stop importing culture . 
  that being said , we suck at the eurovision , because our songs suck . 
  the last one i loved was tellier 's divine which was in english .
