  yeah but usually after an election everybody 's on board . 
  `` nobody '' wants to support the losing side so usually polls are favorable . 
   doing nothing because of the abortion clinic bombings 30 years ago is simply asinine . 
  is france doing nothing ? 
  are you in france atm ? 
  then why are you so certain ? 
   this is no democracy when the party when people vote fn  democracy bitchezz . 
  you 'll see ; the people has spoken . 
  when people dont vote fn :  wtf guys this aint democracy . 
  regression to the mean . 
  zizou would make hard goals seem easy . 
  well marie curie , yes has had a positive influence on the french . 
  dany le rouge . 
  grothendieck . 
  i can continue the list . 
  it goes on and on and on . 
  france would have been a poorer country without them . 
  sure it 's not all good . 
  but darn it would awful if we decide okay no more foreigners . 
  so history starts in 2001 . 
  darn i feel prehistoric : /, 
  try sleeping with your siblings . 
  in a few generation , tell me what the results are . 
  you wanted an example of diversity making something strong , i gave you one . 
  does history start in 2015 ? 
   `` diversity makes x great/strong '' diversity of genes does make one strong . 
   then why being so attached to french language ? 
  that 's clearly linked to the origins , is n't it ? 
  uhm , you realise the vast majority of french speakers dont live in france right ? 
  25 % of those french speakers with french citizenship have at least one none french grandparent therefore not francais de souche . 
  and you do understand that you can learn french right ? 
  regardless of what language your grand parents speak . 
  french is a value . 
  we should cherish it . 
  it enriches us . 
  and i can not tell if sarkozy 's or finkielkraut 's ( omg he 's in the acad\u00e9mie we should remove him ) grandparents couldnt speak french or not . 
  can you ? 
   if origins do n't matter , let 's switch to the official language to english right now . 
  lets switch it to belgian . 
  why are we speaking parisian ? 
  wait so fptp is the new democratic system ? 
  if there are 3 parties that have 34 % , 33 % and 33 % , the party that makes 34 % gets to rule 33 % i believe democracy means the power to negociate and compromise since it 's not just about you . 
   i fear that as time goes on and nothing substantial is done about the issues the far right capitalizes on europeans will realize too late that they had been duped . 
  so you want the far right to win because you dont want the far right to win ? 
   extremely undemocratic . 
  first past the post at least produces strong government strong goverment = = strong democracy ? 
  :d that 's a good one . 
   now they 're looking to make the constitutional court toothless which is hard to say if it 's a good thing or not it 's always a bad thing . 
  long live rechtsstaat, 
   i saw new polls today and gov support actually went up to 42 % . 
  wait the govt just got elected and the support isnt 50 % + ? 
  yeah . 
  happens when im in a debugging phase . 
  doesnt help that i have to debug on the cluster and not locally : /, 
  what does this have to do with our current conversation regarding the francais de souche ? 
   fran\u00e7ais de souche is n't self defined . 
  well it is self defined . 
  since none of my french friends say they 're francais de souche . 
  do many of them have french grandparents that had french grandparents , yes . 
  but none say they 're de souche . 
  i wonder why ... 
  oh fuck it 's a term used by antisemites . 
   the nobles ' `` pure blood '' were a completely different concept which had nothing to do with ethnicity . 
  it is based on the concept of lineage . 
  which the revolution destroyed . 
  hence their motto . 
   insane logic-defying political correctness . 
  once you become french , you are french . 
   it does n't matter what france decided about french ethnicity well the french decided to stop being defined by their origins and start being defined by their values . 
  like it or not that 's the reality . 
  from your link :  a number of european countries , including france , [ 59 ] and switzerland do not collect information on the ethnicity of their resident population . 
  there was a time when undesirables had their nationality removed . 
  we called those undesirables the jews . 
  they had the wrong identity . 
  if you want to obtain the french citizenship you have to agree to its values . 
  if you are born french , then your values should not matter . 
  france is great because regardless of your skin colour , of your religion , of what your parents were , if you have that french citizenship , you are french . 
  even marine le pen recognises that . 
  only the extreme extreme right has problems with that . 
  strawman much ? 
   it 's anyone ethnically french who to his knowledge does n't have any foreign origins , who does n't have any family ties outside of france . 
  francais de souche is self defined . 
  some say they 're that . 
  many dont.it deends greatly what the views of your group of friends are , i 've noticed . 
   this is completely off topic , however . 
  it has nothing to do with this conversation . 
  it has everything to do with this convo . 
  you can not claim special rights because your `` blood '' . 
  yes there is droit du sang . 
  but that 's from your parents and that 's it . 
  francais de souche means a long lineage which is a royal concept . 
   i 'm not a girl because that 's actually way worse for the white girls i know . 
  ** francais de souche does not mean white . 
  **  but ... the `` fran\u00e7ais de souche '' exist . 
  i 'm one . 
  my parents are from limousin and vend\u00e9e , and their parents are white too , and it 's been like that for a long long time . 
  good for you . 
  i am a sith lord . 
  you shall not insult me . 
  my parents were sith masters .
