  do n't try to look for the logic in it . 
  410 seats ? 
  no way ... 
  praise be !, 
   the problem is that firms should pay taxes based on where they sell their products and not where their hq is . 
  well that 's another issue . 
  if that were to happen sure why not . 
  but we 're not there and it 's becoming nearly impossible to have such a system . 
   but if ponderate with the gravity of the crimes ... ( sure , not easy to quantify , but between a bomb and your wallet getting out of the bus one stop earlier than you ... ) so the irish must be super dangerous then ? 
  are irish travellers the worst people in europe ? 
  my party wants to be on the right side on history ? 
  welp guess i 'll resign then !, 
   why should the office workers get to wear slacks when the others that are doing the ` heavy lifting ' have to wear uniforms ? 
  the army should support the value of society . 
  and is n't the main value of the society you 're protecting , freedom ? 
  if you believe that everyone will wear a uniform is they so choose to , why are people forced ? 
   that 's not really fair and would lead to disputes and divide . 
  so false sense of camaraderie like i mentioned earlier . 
  thank you . 
   other equally socioeconomically disadvantaged groups . 
  so sunni muslims commit more crimes than roma ? 
   ca n't find any parallel in australian history really ? 
  you ca n't find any parallels in australian history of immigrants coming the country and segregating it ? 
  treating the natives as inferior beings ? 
  stealing their kids ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stolen_generations sure about that ? 
   they 're either training , out on exercise , guard duty and on external errands ect . 
  you tend to do those things in your uniform . 
  do you need those uniforms for office jobs ? 
   so imagine a bunch of dudes/dudettes in casuals riding down the highways in leo 2s i can totally imagine an office worker just doing their job in normal clothing . 
  is everybody in the army 100 % of the time operating tanks ? 
   you 're not there to ponce about , but to serve your country and your comrades . 
  yeah yeah . 
  has there ever been an army on the face of the planet that has said : oh yeah we 're not here to serve country and comrades . 
   other than that he 's just been manipulated by pro-russian advisors like manafort and flynn . 
  stupidity is n't a crime . 
  yeah yeah . 
  we 've been told that trump was stupid since 2 years ago when he started running . 
  do you know all the business deals he cut ? 
  who knows what benefits he received . 
  i see absolutely no reason whatsoever for kusher and his advisors to have had dealings with russia . 
  at this point it 's no longer stupidity but plausible deniability . 
   so bankers should drop their suites and wear whatever expresses their personality the most ? 
  banks have stopped attracting the most exceptional people for quite some time . 
  http://www.risk.net/risk-management/2192999/banks-will-struggle-fill-top-quant-roles-says-andreasen turns out people want to work in places where their work is valued and they can express themselves freely . 
  silicon valley killed the banking industry . 
   i wore my uniform with pride and could still establish myself as a personality towards my colleagues . 
  of course . 
  you simply have to distinguish between what people around you made you believe vs what makes sense . 
  heck i love my country , i like the flag , when our football team wins i 'm happy and when they lose i 'm sad . 
  but still it 's pretty fucking stupid if you think about it deep down . 
  my country is simply a lottery of sperm and ovules . 
  i like football simply because other people around me like football . 
  even if you wore your uniform with pride ** it is absolutely ridiculous ** for someone not wearing it to feel shame . 
  if one person does n't like football , they should n't feel shame . 
  and people should be allowed to explore what sport they like . 
  same here , people should be allowed to explore other choices . 
  how about this ? 
  why not make the uniform not mandatory unless for combat regions . 
  let 's see what people will wear . 
   to protect the free people of the world is disappointing and childish . 
  yeah all armies in the world have done nothing but protect others . 
   i 'm not sure if you realize this , but it 's a voluntary choice to serve . 
  yet they 're forced to wear a uniform in non combat situations . 
  let them choose . 
  they are droned in with the concept that not wearing the uniform is humiliating . 
  of course they 'll believe it in the end . 
  how is that surprising . 
   it 's the army , not high school . 
  i so only in hs people get to wear their own clothes ? 
   this allows the pregnant soldier to feel less out of place because of not having to be in civilian attire amongst their uniformed colleagues . 
  well that 's the thing , uniform unless they 're for combat , are useless . 
  except to create some false sense of camaraderie . 
   believe or not the people who work there could be also smokers . 
  your gf might enjoy getting slapped while she 's screwing you . 
  does that mean that i can slap her around too ? 
   but hey have to use the uniform . 
  that 's my point . 
  it 's pointless to wear the uniform in such a context but heaven forbid the army actually supports individuality and expression of personality . 
  that might lead to critical think or some other bs . 
   if one country can provide the same services for less money and hence charge lower taxes then this is positive and should be encouraged wtf are you talking about ? 
  do you think it 's monaco , luxembourg and the cayman islands that are protecting the world ? 
  do they send armies to make sure trade is protected ? 
  you ca n't just say `` muh competition '' and expect all the problems in the world to be solved . 
  [ this is for you ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhetorical_question ), 
  maybe they wan na pull a children of men type of thing . 
  yeah but what crazy person would put a pregnant woman near a war zone ? 
  this is more about the army 's ( any army ) tendency to want everything to fit their own mould and remove any individuality . 
   `` do you not understand that being around drunk people is dangerous and has no benefits ? '', 
  i am no danger when i 'm drunk . 
  a cloud is smoke is always dangerous . 
  and if a drunk person hurts someone they 'll go to jail ( see drunk driving ) . 
  who is going to jail if a bar worker gets lung cancer ? 
   neither is working in a coal mine . 
  this is a perfect example . 
  in a coal mine you wear a hard hat . 
  and it 's mandatory . 
  there are people that would like to not wear them . 
  why is it mandatory ? 
  why do n't we let people decide what 's best for them ?
