  a nation has drugged up crazy people like this stabber . 
  that is native german . 
  nope . 
  a paul h. apparently did n't have an immigration background . 
  ^ ^ ^ disappointing ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ know but hey cheer up , maybe he was a convert . 
  yes . 
  but since charges were n't presented he was detained or something like that . 
  he was n't arrested . 
  words have meaning . 
  if you 're drunk in the street the police can detain you . 
  it can happen for a variety of reasons . 
  the police had reason to suspect . 
   the arrest was yesterday i think . 
  well apparently no charges were brought so he was just being detained , not arrested . 
  things are blown outta proportion it seems . 
   not us , and not the french . 
  yup . 
  we just left a team of expert there during the war . 
  maggie was not pleased . 
  look it up . 
  well on his blog he said this :  nope , did n't happen , the police in fact have not spoken to me at all about the incident or even insinuated that any charges are to be brought against me , all my friends on the plane ride home were making jokes about me bring greeted in the arrivals lounge by an army of heavily armed police , but obviously that did n't happen . 
  since no charges were brought . 
  he was just detained not arrested . 
   but i wo n't do it  cuz you were n't joking and you wan na save face !, 
   wow . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  but in his post he says he did n't get arrested . 
   the foreigners ? ... 
  no clue . 
  the french because it gives them something to occupy themselves with . 
   you are the one disclaiming his point so you need evidence to back it up wow . 
  education failed you did n't it . 
  so a says stupid comment . 
  and you ask b for proof ? 
  you sound like the russian chicken ? 
  show me proof . 
  there is no proof :d goddamn man you are funny . 
  i simply said his comment is retarded and he should present proof for it . 
  did he present proof ? 
  c'mon i can see your cogwheels turning . 
  let 's make an effort together . 
  did the op present proof ? 
   i didnt make the claim the original poster was wrong . 
  you did well i am trying to help you . 
  apparently because of your lack of formal schooling , you missed the fact that the burden of proof is with the one that makes the comment . 
  he said junker wants to make the eu like the ussr . 
  you being a good follower , you refuse to challenge that claim . 
  that is not surprising , you apparently lack critical thinking . 
  now i am helpng you * think * so again : how did the ussr form ? 
   no the original question well we can answer it together . 
  how was the ussr created ? 
   with puppet states existing only for administrative tasks and legitimacing central `` commission '' what 's the difference between this and any non federal state ? 
  and if eu citizens wish for that , then so be it . 
  any idiot can realise that if a country is in the eu it is because they so chose to . 
  and if a country decides to leave , then so be it . 
  how is that in a ' y way similar to the ussr or yugoslavia ? 
  and what 's wrong with the word commission ? 
   care to go back to roman numerals ? 
  numbers should be written so i can write them with a pick on stone . 
  except for c and d because make an effort goddamit . 
   xvvviii this is n't a real number . 
   he federation that juncker wants to build is more like yougoslavia or the soviet union , than the usa . 
  i do n't want that . 
  that is literally what the guy was saying . 
  ** literally ** . 
   obbik being one of the biggest hungarian parties https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jobbik yeah apparently they do n't get votes . 
  24/200 seats in parlament . 
   golden dawn the third biggest party in greece . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_%28political_party%29 dude they have 18 out of 300 seats in the greek parliament . 
  do you even numbers dude ? 
   but direction he thinks juncker is going . 
  so juncker is planning on sending a fuck ton of tanks to invade half of europe , remove their democratically elected govts and install 50 years of dictatorships ? 
  is that what he is saying ? 
  are you people for real ? 
  how did the ussr get created ? 
   or can you not back up what you said ? 
  did you try thinking why `` eu is turning into the ussr '' is a dumb comment ? 
  we ca n't spoon feed you man . 
  try and think of one or two reasons . 
  maybe read up on eu and ussr history . 
  make an effort . 
  it will be much more rewarding when you 'll realise it by yourself . 
  never change belgium . 
  never change . 
  do you really need to explained why comparing the eu to the ussr is dumbass stupid ? 
  i thought you had good education in the uk . 
   you have just instantly resorted to ad hominem attacks if it is not obvious to you why that statement is batshit crazy , the problem is with you . 
   the federation that juncker wants to build is more like yougoslavia or the soviet union , do you need a crayon drawing or something ? 
  should i also explain to you while not all refugees are terrorists and freeloaders ? 
  if you are under a certain level of critical thinking , i can not help you my friend but i can suggest going to school again . 
   r that the entirety of the political leadership has been ( and still is ) lying in the public 's face wait , you think politicians know nothing about what the bnd is doing ? 
  oh man , to be young and na\u00efve again . 
  he 's basically saying it would increase the risk . 
  i know you brits missed the first 20 or so years of the creation of a united europe , but the main idea behind the project was to create a common project so as to prevent a new war . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_coal_and_steel_community care to venture what the main resources for war used to be ? 
  but hey , that was the 50s . 
  we are evolved now and we 're neighbours . 
  we love each other deep down . 
  just because we 're not in a union does n't mean we 'll mess with each other , right ? 
  actually no .
