   they own their warheads you 're right http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200506/cmselect/cmdfence/986/98605.htm  22 . 
  the nuclear warhead fitted to the tip of the trident ii d5 missile was designed and manufactured in the uk at the atomic weapons establishment at aldermaston , berkshire . 
  although public information is limited , the nuclear warhead on uk 's trident ii d5 missile is reported to be closely related to the american w76 warhead , a thermonuclear warhead with a yield of around 100 kilotons they copy the us design but they build it by themselves at awe . 
  the subs are owned and developped fully by uk . 
  it 's the nuclear launchers and ~ ~ warheads ~ ~ ( it copy pastes the warheads ) that the uk leases from the us . 
  also the pressing of the button ( or whatever mechanism they have ) is done only by the uk pm , the us gets no saying . 
  but it 's all an us system so if the us saying ya know what guys , you develop your own system ... you get no more support from us , uk would be effed . 
  i also would be extremelly surprised if the us did not install capabilities that would disarrm the bombs at will . 
  give'it to them . 
  ya , ya , that 's good !, 
   i choose to drink dude , you 're irish , it was n't the hardest decision you had to make ... nor the least obvious one . 
  * braces , gets ready for the pounding , checks karma level from europe ... * ( it 's okay it i lose 10k ) : could this not be considered local news ? 
  / u/quas4r says that a region with little international visibility and no migrants or terrorists has no room for nationalists . 
  i said that is false and gave an example  it was the only region to oust the fn in the first turn of the no , in corsica the fn was present in the second round http://election-regionale.linternaute.com/resultats/corse/region-94 the only regions where they did n't go to the second round were guyane , guadaloupe , r\u00e9union and martinique . 
  who could have guessed black people do n't like fn . 
   the big problem , at least for me , is that this change of law was to be made using a simplified procedure reserved for emergency situations . 
  well it is an emergency . 
  there previous govt already had plans since june 2016 . 
  the ecthr condamnation is not recent either . 
  http://mobile.hotnews.ro/stire/21131379  if they reoffend , for the public officials ... 
  they would n't even be hired again . 
  their criminal record would still exist for any potential employer to check . 
   abuse of power in an official dignity is what most of the past 20 year politicians have used to siphon public money . 
  this can not be allowed to continue this is a different situation ... related to a different decree . 
  the constitution court declared that some parts of the law were anticonstitutional . 
  also it said that the law seems vague and arbitrary in some points and that it does n't set any lower bound to what damages would trigger this law . 
  they literally said that for a person any act or non-act they commit will fall under this law , it 's written in bold . 
  i do n't think you realise the potential for abuse . 
  misplace a pen ? 
  your boss that wants you out can claim you abused your power of management of office supplies ... 
   so yeah , prisons are overcrowded so let 's pardon penal fines well of course it 's for penal cases . 
  if it were not penal , these people would not be in prison . 
  i wo n't bother with the video , because that 's pointless . 
  guy 's a political commentator not a politician nor a lawyer . 
  i am commenting on the political and societal aspects of this issue . 
  a lot of the comments are just silly : this side is good the other is bad . 
  and shit slinging on both sides . 
  there are 2 things that are facts : 1 ) prisons are overpopulated and 2 ) the constitutional court condemned that particular article . 
  now the govt took that law and used for its own corruption supporting needs . 
  that 's clear . 
  it 's actually pointless to debate that since it 's plainly obvious . 
  what i am simply wondering is on the other side how the anticorruption attorneys are behaving . 
  previously they had a statement commenting the decision of the govt that was kinda ridiculous : they were saying that oh because of the new law , the wo n't be able to prosecute a doctor that forgot to turn on the barometric chamber at a hospital in the burnt case at colectiv ... wtf ? 
  since when does the anti-corruption attorneys deal with docs fucking up ? 
  and also a lot of stuff where comments of the type `` oh this law could be interpreted as a b and c '' . 
  i 'm sorry that 's not your job how a law should be interpreted , but the job of a lawyer . 
  and the current communiqu\u00e9 : http://www.pna.ro/comunicat.xhtml?id=7967 a few comments are : oh 5 year sentences is too much , oh 50k is a too high , oh the reduction of sentences is toomuch . 
  and that 's fine , if you 're a citizen , it 's okay to ask yourself that . 
  those are valid political questions . 
  but it 's just that , they 're political . 
  citizens should decide them . 
  dna is meant to put people behind bars , of course they 'll want laws that make their job easier . 
  but at some point romania will have to ask itself , at what point will dna have too much power ? 
  at what point will you let the police ( and attorneys ) tell you what the good laws are and what the bad laws are ... because that point seems that will arrive quite soon . 
  corrected, 
   prison overcrowding protests are something i 've never heard of . 
  well its odd because the slogans shouted seem very against the liberation of prisoners . 
   are you intentionally trying to be retarded or is it just the way you are ? 
  well you 're pissed are n't you ? 
  let 's hope the ecthr pummels romania for its bs treatment of inmates . 
   they want to modify the statue of limitation of corruption type crimes well the constitutional court said it has to be modified . 
   if the romanian prisons are overpopulated or not is a non-issue and the protests are n't about this . 
  yeah who gives a shit if in some prisons you have twice as many prisoners . 
  neah she 's jelly . 
  she ca n't speak english . 
   portugal does n't have a lot of international visibility . 
  no migrants or terrorists = not much for nationalists to grow on . 
  cute . 
  the only major thing that makes me not vote for le pen is that she wants to remove france from the jurisdiction of this court . 
  it has had a magnificient impact on france , it has given me more rights . 
  but i guess i 'm the kind of person that believes in human rights and fairness of law . 
  in france we release them if the crime is short enough and non violent . 
  * shrug *, 
   i always had the impression that the whole thing about prison is that you no longer have a choice on certain things , like your location or when do n't be ridiculous . 
  they 're not cattle , you ca n't send people to the bagne or wherever . 
   you are not going to be asked if you like it or not . 
  it 's not about liking but about human rights . 
  you ca n't send them to a place they can not communicate with anyone . 
   yeah , but they ca n't say that . 
  how do they justify it ? 
  oh i had a look into it ... oh boy it 's pandora 's box . 
  * 1 ) they 're saying romanian prisons are overpopulated , which they are ( at 143 % the country average , in some places 200 % and they got condemned by the ecthr ) . 
  so the new govt suggested that people over 60 , people with kids in charge that are under 5 should get their sentence halved . 
  the problem is that between everybody that is not condemned for violent acts , they also included people involved in corruption cases . 
  * 2 ) the romanian constitutional court struck down one major part of the penal code that was talking about abuse of power for civil servants because a ) it was a bit too vague , b ) it did n't set a lower bound on the damage for abuse of power ( they actually wrote that basically any gesture can be considered abuse of power if you do n't have a lower bound for damages ) . 
  what the govt did was set the limit somewhat quite high . 
  i think the case is extremely interesting , and shows abuse of power ( or hints of abuse of power on both sides ) . 
  the govt because they 're playing fast and loose with the decision of the ecthr and romanian constitutional court and using them to weaken some aspect of the fight against corruption . 
  and the anticorruption department because in their press release that start pulling heart strings and using some shady arguments ( i.e. 
  oh if this law is passed we can no longer condemn a doctor that forgot to turn on the barometric chamber in the burn cases at the club ... a famous fire that resulted in a previous pm resigning ) . 
  for me , attorneys should n't be commenting laws that are in discussion . 
  tl ; dr : the govt had to make changes but they used them to weaken the fight against corruption . 
  the anticorruption attorneys are also doing a very subtle power play in that they do n't seem to want the laws to be change significantly ... which they need to ... romania 's laws are too vague . 
   ca n't one of your neighbours take some of them ? 
  if you 're sent to jail , would you accept to be far from family that could visit you ? 
  under a prison system where you do n't speak the language ? 
   they are saying the prisons are overpopulated with 143 % occupation , romanian prisons are overpopulated . 
  in fact romania got condemned by the ecthr . 
  that 's one big [ pic-a-nic basket ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrwdugyqvre ), 
  the indebted will have the power the moment its people will manage to endure a trade war with china and severe lack of any manufactured goods .
