  so 40 years of common history is decided on 7 months of syrian refugee problem . 
  does that make any sense to you , honestly ? 
  dude stop . 
  you 're just a dude with a vote . 
  stop acting like you 're cameron or someone with an actual say in anything . 
  hey . 
  voting is a democratic thing . 
  denmark should vote regardlesss of what uk does . 
  will they leave , that 's another question . 
  i also fail to understand how people miss this basic fact . 
  that works for the us right ? 
  with the whole mexican immigration problems . 
   is to stay firm in our commitment to britain and the us . 
  it 's telling that you 're adding the us . 
  what commitment does the eu have towards the us ? 
  is n't a democracy basically other peopke telling you who wins ? 
  whens the last time your vote decided anything ? 
  well turkey ** is ** the first safe country the refugees go through . 
  would it be to anyone 's advantage to have europe block the eastern border completely ? 
  at the same time , give those friggin kurds a country for effs sake . 
  ottoman empire was a century ago . 
  so they should study that in hs ? 
  when will they learn history , read a few books , get a culture ? 
  well i havent been in hs since quite a while . 
  fine put bells and whistles on hs and have a fiesta every day of the week . 
  but once uni kicks in , you have to study for a job . 
  to be fair , that seems to be the case everywhere . 
  you should do a bit more afterwards . 
  how was it badly managed ? 
  last time i 've checked nobody is actively killing each other in ukraine . 
  it flared up but now it 's fairly calm . 
  i dont think that people who do bts 's are looked down upon . 
  going into the service business is n't that looked down upon ( becoming cooks or whatever ) . 
  of course a cook has less of a social standing compared to an engineer . 
  and engineer compared to a doctor . 
  there 's a problem of means i think . 
  lower standing unis have financial problems . 
  there also is a certain fetishisation of grandes ecoles , similar i 'd assume to ivy league in the us . 
  there is a social hierarchy too and i wonder if some people dont think there 's a glass ceiling they can not break . 
  one thing that is awesome though : how affordable everything is thanks to crous . 
  cheap cantines and if you 're poor , you get paid to study . 
  a very efficient system . 
   school should be more fun . 
  because if you think about it , the ultimate aim of education is having fun / feeling good . 
  and that 's when people fail . 
  school should prepare you for finding a job . 
  and often at your job you 'll have tedious work to do . 
  but i 'm not sure if i understand the context . 
  is there a gun policy problem in germany or something ? 
  what ? 
  for someone not in the know , what 's the problem though ? 
  if i remember correctly the wc went very smoothly . 
  happy cake day . 
  that 's an interesting poll . 
  i notice the discrepancy between france and britain . 
  my experience is with french muslims . 
  can we compare these numbers with devout catholics ? 
  i am talking about muslims living in the west . 
  has n't this been in the news for the past 2 weeks or something ? 
  it 's a law against the desecration of romanian national symbols . 
  a ton of countries have flag desecration laws that include prisonment : [ from austria to portugal and india ] . 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_desecration ) that being said : dumb laws . 
  i 'm more offended by the fog of war comment and how it 's used . 
  oh innocent people died ? 
  fog of war man . 
  bad things happen to good people . 
  shrug . 
  http://www.linguisticsociety.org/content/what-endangered-language http://www.funtrivia.com/askft/question70099.html http://www.innovateus.net/innopedia/why-latin-dead-language http://www.theguardian.com/education/2013/sep/16/why-learn-a-dead-language http://m.wisegeek.com/why-did-latin-become-a-dead-language.htm at this point we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  so for you genetics beats culture ? 
  a black kid that speaks perfect french , has lived all his life in france , has french passport is less western european than a hungarian ? 
  because genetically they 're african ? 
  wtf ? 
  genetics has nothing to do with culture ... then again genetic heritage and genetic superiority does seem a claim peddled a lot by certain groups in hungary . 
   did those roman descendants , with their technological and social legacy , just suddenly forget everything and decide not to do anything in wallachia until the 16th century ? 
  what 's the point of rhetorical questions . 
  like i said before : abscence of evidence is not evidence of abscence . 
  there 's no evidence of the americas before 1492 , that does n't mean they didnt exist , does it ? 
  well this convo is getting tedious at best . 
  you wan na hang on that hungarian superiority . 
  it helps you sleep at night . 
  build some walls too around hungary man , you dont want those of impure blood on your territory . 
  uhm , a few caths said something similar . 
  not of the order of getting what they deserved . 
  but something of the sorts of : they shouldnt have done it . 
  heck the friggin pope said we should n't insult religion . 
  if someone insults his mom he 'll fight back . 
  that 's the friggin pope talking about ch . 
  goddamit dude study some linguistics . 
  latin is a dead language . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extinct_language what 's so hard to understand that latin is dead . 
  latin has n't evolved . 
   when i talk to muslims who tell me charlie hebdo or is so you know people that think it 's okay to kill people because of drawings ? 
  that 's unique . 
  i also doubt they 're that numerous . 
  all my muslim friends were either shocked or were hoping that the perps are not muslims because they lnew what would follow for them . 
  [ absence of evidence is not evidence of absence ] ( http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?absenceofevidenceisnotevidenceofabsence ) there is evidence of proto-romanian languages way before that date : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_romanian there 's evidence of latin being used on that territory after the roman retreat https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biertan_donarium  you shrinking the question down to a simple language-debate because language is vital . 
  the magyars changes religion but they didnt change their language . 
  you can change other aspect for political reasons , language doesnt change so easily . 
  we can agree that the current language of romania is latin based . 
  also turkic and slavic migrations were very important ( slavic because duh , tukic because the pechenegs and cumans were the first to organise proto-voivodeships , bessarabia is a cuman word and other reasons ) .
