  when did my parents adopt you ? 
  are you completely lost if there 's no / s tag ? 
  yeah because they 're all a bunch of bones mostly . 
  that 's gruesome . 
  or old british women . 
  that 's even more gruesome . 
  i mean if she wants to be more fair for people outside of the eu , there are a bunch waiting at calais . 
  but of course the issue now is : colonialism 2.0 : the brain drain . 
   do what ? 
  fix the syrian war maybe ? 
  then they can have a wack at the whole middle eastern problems and after patch things up between the us and russia . 
  why are n't they doing anything on those fronts ? 
  or if you have more than 30 grams of mary jane . 
  better be hard on crime man . 
  do n't risk it . 
  think of the children : s, 
   b. trespass ( article 186 of that 's a serious crime ? 
  cheers . 
  so we should bring back slavery because it was vastly profitable ? 
  should we let criminal rings exploit women because they make money and heck those women are eastern european . 
  not our problem ? 
  these people commit a crime that is recognised across europe . 
  profit does n't enter into this conversation . 
  and in switzerland they treat criminals differently if they have money or not . 
  are people bothered that this is pointed out ? 
  tax fraud ** is ** a crime that has victims . 
  the money instead of being injected back into the economy is being send to other places . 
  just because it 's white collar does n't make it grand all of a sudden . 
  if a crime is committed in france it is recognised in switzerland too . 
  it 's not like tax evasion stops existing in switzerland and they do n't recognise that criminals and the crime . 
  said the person that quotes bs economics . 
  wait till you get to externalities in econ 101 . 
  it 'll blow your miiind man . 
  oh trust me , switzerland is from driving distance from germany , austria , italy ... 
  european . 
  if you think only the french commit fraud ... you are the naive one , 
  we 're not talking about ceos making a company in switzerland . 
  we 're talking about rich french individuals that make their money in france . 
  they do n't declare the full amount , and the undeclared amount is sent by suitcase ( if you have read the article i sent you that 's what some are literally doing ) to switzerland and deposited in ubs accounts . 
  they should deport the suitcase money people . 
   failed devil 's in the details is n't it . 
   switzerland does n't care if france wants 75 % tax from some billionaire , it 's not their business . 
  what 75 % tax ? 
  dude ... we 're looking for facts here . 
  how defensive you are . 
  they should also deport those criminals do n't you think ? 
  how ? 
  they signed an agreement to hand over the data  . 
  they want to deport people who committed genocide . 
  does that mean only people who committed a genocide in switzerland ? 
  edit : if foreign fiscal police says : this person committed a crime , give us the data , they should comply . 
  well you seem to not understand my point . 
  criminals are criminals no matter what crime they do and where they do it . 
  i 'm talking about bona fide tax fraudsters and people who commit tax evasion . 
  are you surprised such people exist ? 
  huh ? 
  are you really not aware of the amount of people that stash money in switzerland ? 
  here you go about ubs http://www.lemonde.fr/evasion-fiscale/article/2016/02/17/ubs-le-profil-type-des-fraudeurs-fiscaux_4866752_4862750.html, 
  she should have sent then to dsk . 
  macron likes them a bit more mature . 
  the eu is dead . 
  long live the eu, 
  let them eat cake and baklava . 
  comming from a german , that does not surprise me . 
  russian physics . 
  they made tiny atomic bears to split the atom . 
  but the [ water bears ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tardigrade ) they made are trully terrifying . 
  topped by french . 
  mmmm nipple blood . 
  yummy, 
  that 's the only way i managed to solve a rubix cube . 
  for a country that hates crime committiing foreigners , they sure love those foreigners that commit tax evasion . 
  \\ #notallforeigners just those that were caught committing heinous crimes or those that were speeding two times on a 10 year span . 
  truly the worse individuals . 
  http://www.m.webmd.com/vitamins/ai/ingredientmono-1139/palm+oil  high cholesterol . 
  consuming palm oil as part of a specific diet plan does not seem to reduce cholesterol levels in people with high cholesterol . 
  in fact , some research suggests that palm oil might actually increase cholesterol levels compared to other oils , such as soybean , canola , or sunflower oil not to mention that over all nutella is not healthy on its own . 
   well wait until the truth comes out in france . 
  yeah . 
  cases like d'outreau . 
  i think maybe you 're exaggerating a little . 
  we do protect convicted pedophiles : polanski . 
  and there 's the dude that wrote the super shaddy parts in frederic mitterrand 's fictionalised auto-biography about going to thailand . 
  but he said it was n't pedophilia . 
  he said boys just like young dudes not minors . 
  yeah nazis usually burn down your place . 
  they do n't bother sending letters . 
  right ? 
  dude where 's the link . 
  i gon na see the prank . 
  show me . 
  show me . 
  not to mention health issues . 
   this is a place for high quality discussion . 
  :d oh yeees . 
  we 've seen it during the debate on immigrants . 
  much quality , such good conversations . 
  `` are you daft ? '', 
  is such high quality , oscar wilde is kicking himself for not thinking of something so witty . 
   also , `` reddit lawyering '' makes you look silly .
