   neutral nations like ireland would have even stronger objections . 
  and in your generosity , you decided to speak for them ? 
  is that a force of habit for uk ? 
  uk 's not a country though . 
  we 'll see how much time scotland needs then . 
  let them raise their prices and have consumers go buy another product that kept its fair price . 
  it 's microeconomics people . 
  we should n't be arguing about this as much as we are . 
  eu : `` been there , done that ! '', 
  look at ireland . 
  it 's not a developing country yet they have a lot going for them . 
  tiny nations out of the euro can benefit a lot from the eu . 
   good luck with a deficit of 10 % of gdp romania had about that deficit during the crisis . 
  it bounced back up like a charm . 
   we need a strong uk both as an economic and military partner the uk has shown explicit signs that they do not wish to become : * 1 ) an economic partner by going for a hard brexit stance ( hence the problems the pound is seeing ) * 2 ) a military partner by refusing to accept a eu wide army cooperation effort and not to mention the whole gchq spying row . 
   what 's wrong with haagen dazs ? 
  it 's a made up name . 
  it does n't mean anything . 
  that 's actually perfect . 
  count me out . 
  they 're disgusting . 
  also they 're not typically mexican . 
  yes . 
  i can see you guys touching tips . 
  you just ca n't help it . 
  you guys love that latino exuberance . 
   in a world where borders do n't matter anymore where were you during the brexit debates ? 
  because that was like ** the ** issue . 
  if you find such a thing , us prisons are ready to pay you a hefty amount . 
  can you inform me why that was automatically bad ? 
  or are we going down the `` nazis and paedophiles are all eeeevil '' route . 
  this is a great opportunity for uk to make its own ben & jerry brand . 
  call it boris & nigel . 
  i suggest the first one should be vanilla with a side of rhum , for a bit of an extra punch . 
  belerus should be lithuania so you 're telling me that belarusians are lithuanians ? 
  wtf ? 
  and what about the ukranians ? 
  are they also lithuanians ? 
   before that from 1400 to 1750 something it was polish lithuanian commonwealth you sound like the russians that wan na recreate the soviet union because all those countries were part of the ussr . 
   polish land is and always was ( ?! ), 
  russian demense and we actually `` stole '' it from them ( yeah ... ) on that point ... if you look at the ethnic ( well linguistic but basically not very different ) [ map of poland ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/60/poland1937linguistic.jpg ) after ww1 , you will see that a few chunks of poland were inhabited by belarussian and ukrainians ( which were the great losers of the partitions that followed ww1 ) of course we can argue if the ussr represented belarussian or ukranian interests but there is truth in the statement that the polish state post ww1 was larger than it should have been . 
  you are an abled bodied person . 
  what help do you need ? 
  [  ] ( http://www.closermag.fr/var/closermag/storage/images/media/images-des-contenus/actu-people/politique/look-peopolitique/20151201-marion/marion-marechal-le-pen-a-nice-le-27-novembre-20153/4990087-1-fre-fr/marion-marechal-le-pen-a-nice-le-27-novembre-2015_exact1024x768_p.jpg ), 
   but the other question is , what 's wrong with legislating something like assisted suicide ? 
  if you can not commit suicide by yourself , you will receive help . 
  if you can , i bet that it 's not illegal to commit suicide in netherlands . 
  do you need a law to tell you that you can kill yourself ? 
  then buy a gun . 
  i fail to understand why we should legalise this aspect of life . 
   i do n't see myself enjoying life like i used to in my mid-20 's , and it 's making my life less worth living so you 're 80 + smth and you 're planning on assisted suicide ? 
  can we find the guy that introduced the spork ? 
  cuz fuck that guy !, 
  when did they make that prediction ? 
   their history with yugoslavia , ukraine , georgia , etc. 
  suggests otherwise . 
  holy fuck . 
  how many times do i have to spell it out before you get it ? 
  who fucking made the peace deals for georgia and for ukraine ? 
  who had to go to putin or medvedev and say okay dude let 's talk about this issue and try to find some sort of solution ? 
  go check wikipedia . 
  it 's free . 
  go google it , it 's not hard . 
  use the tools made by other americans , being ignorant is not an obligation . 
  are you trying to play the thick headed card on purpose or something ? 
   in the eastern eu people are accustomed to having their concerns minimized by western leaders . 
  so it is not surprising they see the us as a more reliable ally . 
  you are ignorant as fuck . 
  your educational system must not be worth shit in the us . 
  history does not start or stop with the civil war you know . 
  in 1939 it was uk and france that declared war to germany because of the invasion of poland . 
  immediately after the invasion . 
  they did n't way 2 years to get to decide . 
  in 1945 , it was the us and uk that decided that eastern europe belongs to stalin , even poland . 
  i 'll stop debating pointless crap that any toddler with an internet connection can easily discover . 
  if you wan na be difficult and obtuse , be my guest but from now on i 'll stop replying to you . 
  good day . 
  if germany and france would have to act for the good of europe as you put it why did they do nothing when ukraine or georgia were attacked given your assertion ? 
  again . 
  did they or did they not broker a peace deal ? 
  why are you talking shit ? 
  what did you do when georgia was invaded ? 
  what did you do when ukraine was invaded , other than always ask for sanctions ( which are n't actually useful because nothing has changed ) ? 
  what did you actually do that reduced the number of people that were killed ? 
  i mean that 's not fair . 
  you also advised ukraine to not attack russia and not engage them directly . 
  so yeah ... but that 's what everybody was saying . 
   there are a lot of really damn ignorant comments on here . 
  and not sure if mine is even close to the top . 
  well for this particular thread , saying that eu intervened because a plane was struck down is pretty darn ignorant . 
  you aborted that joke ? 
  do n't worry under these new polish laws , you can still deliver it and we 're forced to smirk awkwardly . 
   the georgia war ended in russian annexation what annexation ? 
  does any country recognize south ossetia ? 
  did georgia have any control over south ossetia before the war ? 
   i mean this annexation were talking about here , the last time this happened it was the sudetenland crisis and the prelude to the 2nd world war . 
  you are quite ignorant about what happened after ww2 i see . 
  when the us and uk were happy to give stalin all the lands he demanded . 
   how did france or germany handle either crisis any better then the us . 
  there is no war in ukraine now. , is there ?
