  is romania a rich country that refuses to pay its docs ? 
   shows that the plane did indeed fly above turkey i 'll quote the dude on this one . 
   you 're not wrong walter . 
  you 're just an asshole . 
  so france should remember the help russia is giving in fighting isis . 
  okay, 
  i remember the dude . 
  he was also very active during a thread about cyprus . 
  so you know ... 
   sarkozy pretty much killed all hopes of better france-turkey relationships oh wow . 
  never paid attention to that . 
  dude , you 're making me like sarkozy . 
  stop it . 
  i was repeatedly told that france should keep the ukranian matter and the syrian matter separated . 
  and oil is bought no matter who is selling it . 
  who said turkey is n't a western country . 
  yeah . 
  but i was always told we 're better than the russians . 
  we 're democracy and freedom and shit . 
   i 'd support uk defending the nato treaty . 
  france too . 
  lets start this ww3 . 
  i wan na glow in the dark . 
  yeey for war . / s, 
   i 'm quite a skilled sharpshooter myself . 
  but you are n't sharp , that i can tell you . 
  so just because you dont know the law , you can break it ? 
  interesting . 
   they 're leaving because their wage does n't even cover basic necessities . 
  a resident apparently gets paid the median wage in romania . 
  so what gives ? 
  plus they get some corruption moneys . 
   the rent for the cheapest studio in bucharest that also wo n't fall on you is -- if you 're incredibly lucky -- about 70 % of said wage . 
  so is paris , super expensive . 
  but that 's okay . 
  only 2 million live in paris . 
  the vast majority of french leave outside of paris . 
  do the majority of romanians leave in bucharest ? 
   people who are poor , but smart , are forced to remain poor for a long time after they graduate . 
  they have a higher standard of living than poors in shitty parts of africa and a higher standard of living than their grandparents . 
   these are brilliant people , many of whom can go in a different field . 
  and let other people pay for their education . 
   i 'd certainly be okay with a measure like this if the state would also guarantee reasonable employment opportunities . 
  not under luxurious conditions , but at least decent ones . 
  i dont ask my employer for the same salary as in friggin qatar or whatever . 
  i make do , i dont try to buttfuck the system so that 's why france is a working country . 
   forced to remain poor for a long time after they graduate . 
  nobody is forcing them to stay in romania . 
  they can go get an education in the us . 
  i heard it 's cheap . 
  people take advantage of your system and they will continue to . 
  keep paying for them because * its not fair to be smart and poor * . 
   it will simply drive everyone away from studying medicine . 
  why dont they go study abroad ? 
  why do they buttfuck the educational system and then leave ? 
  that 's right . 
  because it 's convenient . 
   essence obstruction of individual 's personal freedom of choice how ? 
  nobody 's forcing you to become a doctor . 
  and if you choose to become a doctor , you should pay for your education . 
  it 's super expensive to educate someone . 
   like it was in totalitarian regimes bs . 
  is the us a totalitarian regime ? 
   you would probably get a lower number of applicants in the first place so ? 
  is it better to spend resources on educating people that leave ? 
  think for a second . 
   do n't you realize , it would still be more financially sound to go abroad and with earnings from there repay this debt your high tuition would incur , then to stay and follow this proposition ? 
  so be it . 
  the state should get its money back . 
  how come nobody thinks that 's the fair thing to do ? 
  well they should pay more in percentage . 
  because it makes sense . 
  flat rates are stupid . 
   ( widely despised , especially for the corruption ) . 
  your corruption is just docs getting a normal salary . 
  think of it as insurance . 
  if you 're rich you pay ( health care coverage in the us or a corruption charge in romania ) . 
  if you 're poor you get screwed . 
   unfortunately for many people , some categories of work have a worldwide market . 
  unfortunately for romanians and fortunately for us . 
   and good luck with persuading most of the romanian population , born and raised during communism , to give up free healthcare or free education !, 
  uhm , i dont care a lot . 
  but let me understand this . 
  you want to pay doctors a fortune for romanian standards but you dont people with money to pay more . 
  let me know how it works :  in the last eight years , over 36,000 doctors , dentists and pharmacists have left romania to work elsewhere in the eu oh ... 
   what we should do is increase salaries and the working conditions in our medical system . 
  so the secret is to print more money ? 
  okay man . 
  good luck . 
   free tuition is a good thing for romania . 
  it is for the med students . 
  they get to rape your social system with that free education then move abroad . 
  as a frenchman , thanks . 
  the countryside in france isnt really attractive for french docs . 
  but how about a little less socialism and a little more realism . 
  the people buttfucking your system are very smart and very realistic . 
  the people in the country side of romania will start dying because there wont be anyone to treat them . 
   if you do n't `` overpay '' elites in poor countries you 're going to have a bad time . 
  how about teachers and policemen and firemen and army and ... and ... and ... ? 
  are you going to tell them to fuck off ?
