   is it possible we will finally see a good referendum in the world for once ? 
  well the prisons in romania have a 143 % occupation rate . 
  some have a 200 % occupation rate and the ecthr condemned romania on that ... 
  the govt abused this law , but an amnesty law in some form or shape to relieve prisons needs to be implemented . 
   / u/finndacool does not really have balanced opinions . 
  he calls brexit `` english ultranationalism '' . 
  i do n't spend my time reading the guy . 
  that line was simply great . 
  your reply where you exemplify perfectly my issues with the british elitist system ( elitists that completely ignore the problems pointing fingers in other places while saying that they care about the poor folk and they know `` the actual issues '' ) made the whole situation absolutely brilliant . 
  i had nothing to explain , the stereotypes were laid bare in front of us , and i thank you for doing that . 
   people were n't happy with the eu yes . 
  uk 's problems have nothing to do with uk politicians . 
  it 's eu 's fault ( oh and of course eu friendly uk politicians )  uk , france , other nations all have various economic and social problems , but the uk is not some kind of outlier here . 
  yeah but at least i do point to my politicians and say : yeah dude ... you fucked up there , there and there . 
  and stop pointing to the eu , it 's your fuck up . 
  and from time to time , by magic , they do admit they fuck up . 
   because nothing bad has happened so uk abysmal productivity rates or uk inequality is not something bad ? 
   cameron did not think he fucked up of course , that 's the whole problem . 
   he thought he was right to have the referendum and i agree with him . 
  so cameron did n't have an impact on the nhs for example ? 
  his only bit of policy was the referendum right ? 
  do you not realise you have a sort of monomaniacal obsession with brexit , the referendum , the eu ? 
  we 're talking about a completely different issue here . 
  problems that common british people from the forgotten parts of uk , about uk politicians taking responsability for the problems these people face and the only thing you reply is eu , brexit , referendum . 
  anyone here can say some problems about their country and just that . 
  a german about merkel 's policy or football or i dunno , a polish about pis , a romanian about psd and the fight about corruption , an italian about reforms . 
  but the only thing you turn the conversation about is friggin the eu . 
  i guess that 's why / u/finndacool ** arch ** - leaver comment is so fucking on the point . 
  not a leaver . 
   people are really annoyed that wealthy oxbridge types with fancy jobs who have lived overseas like me voted leave . 
  you 're a bit too oversensitive . 
  i simply found / u/finndacool 's comment charmingly quaint . 
  i also found that it kinda expressed quite well how the ruling classes of britain have constantly said the past 50 years trust us we got this , we understand better what the issue is and we 'll fix it . 
  it happened with thatcher and her banking deregulation and brutal handling of workers ... and for a while , with london becoming the financial capital of the world , people could still say : oh yeah it worked guys !, 
  but it did n't . 
  http://www.inequalitywatch.eu/spip.php?article99&amp;lang=en inequality for 60 + yos is twice as high in uk compared to france or germany . 
  sure you can raise your flag about gdp growth and low unemployment but when you see that [ uk ] ( http://piketty.blog.lemonde.fr/files/2017/01/pikettybloglemonde03012017dataf1f9en_page_7-768x543.jpg ) has significantly low productivity compared to the likes of france , germany us , you realise that all that gdp is simply based on the british having to work much more per equivalent salary compared to their continental partners . 
  so people still were n't happy . 
  but luckly a scapegoat appeared and a fresher ruling classes ( trades of the likes of farange and posh children of traders of the likes of cameron and bojo ) came and said trust us , we know better . 
  i 'm sorry , i find it funny . 
   but based on the actual issues i feel that most of the talking you do is about the eu and not about the poor people of britain or the rising inequality . 
  did i miss something ? 
  and i also find it funny that during all this period , i have heard very few british politicians admitting their own fault . 
  i 've heard hollande express defeat , i 've even heard sarkozy ... yet concerning british politicians , except some tears from cameron because he fucked up so badly , nothing . 
  it 's almost like the universe conspired for uk to be in this situation and its ruling class had nothign to do with it . 
  but i get it , you got this and you know what 's better  / u/finndacool expressed all this in just 13 words , and fuck it , if i were you i 'd bow down a little . 
  i heard that bitchslap from across france . 
  * ouch *, 
   also , the dna comunique you linked quotes the consitutional court saying the change can be done using normal legislative process . 
  of course . 
  but they 're also the people that want to send people to jail ... and they want to have an easy job for that . 
  and they 're pissed when people are set free . 
  happens in france too ... the cops complain about it , but laws are not made to help cops , but to be fair . 
   however , the current proposal to change the law goes well above the recommendations made by the constituional court . 
  well by reading the dna communiqu\u00e9 , they 're bothered that they even introduced a minimal damage limit , when one should be included . 
  the cc said it 's odd that one is n't and clearly that was n't the intent ... but it creates for an ambiguous situation . 
  and laws should n't be ambiguous . 
  of course we can argue how high the limit should be and i do think it 's too high ... but a limit should exist . 
   a change of the law must be done , but not using a simplified procedure . 
  the penal code change would have to pass through the parlament eventually since emergency decrees can not permenantly change law . 
  and currently , now that the cc declared the paragraph unconstitutional ... you need to change it quickly . 
  how will you call to court and judge based on laws declared unconstitutional ? 
   the law was never ever used like that . 
  well the law was determined to be unconstitutional and that should be fixed . 
  i gave an example showing that a lower limit is needed . 
  just because they did n't use it like that , does n't mean it can not be used in an abusive manner . 
   who do you think committed 9/11 ? 
  and what year do you think we landed on the moon ? 
  yeah the us would never add backdoors into tech . 
  [ never ] ( https://falkvinge.net/2013/11/17/nsa-asked-linus-torvalds-to-install-backdoors-into-gnulinux/ ) [ ever ] ( https://www.techpowerup.com/209925/nsa-hides-spying-backdoors-into-hard-drive-firmware ) [ god forbid ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dual_ec_drbg )  so they ca n't just add a backdoor into ours . 
  they have to add it into all of theirs too . 
  so they have to hardcode into their missiles that they should strike their own country ? 
  i bet it was a really difficult decision to make back at the pentagon . 
  very controversial . 
  the probably ca n't wait to nuke texas . 
   the problem is that if the chinese/russians hack the system the chinese and russians do n't know what the system is . 
  they do n't have any tridents at their disposal . 
  again it does n't have to be a backdoor . 
  it 's enough to hardcode it so it avoid an area between said and said coordinates . 
   as such , they 're designed to be fire and forget with no 2 way communication . 
  yes ... in theory . 
  can you test that theory and reverse engineer what system you have ? 
  not without going rogue ... 
   we could launch them at washington dc if we wanted to . 
  that you can not test since you have to report to the us so your systems can be checked periodically . 
   it 's like buying a german pistol . 
  do you have to report to germany so they can check it periodically ? 
  in reality , you do n't know what you have in the trident system since you can not break it down and reverse engineer it . 
  claiming otherwise is ridiculous . 
   the u.k. could develop its own system in 3-5 years quite easily ha . 
  considering that countries that actually build this shit have problems : * [ the us with the uk trident system that went off path ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-38711418 ) * the russians [ with the fvery troubled bulava ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rsm-56_bulava#troubles ) * france with a [ missfire of the m51 ] ( http://www.lepoint.fr/editos-du-point/jean-guisnel/echec-du-missile-m51-en-2013-petite-cause-gros-effets-09-11-2015-1980172_53.php ) no buddy , you can not build one in 3-5 years . 
  these are countries that constantly develop this tech , you 're a country that lost all that knowhow ... unless you have some senior engineers from 1968 that are still alive today . 
   icbm 's are fire and forget . 
  why do you think you have to constantly report to the us for your nukes to be checked ? 
  they have to see if you did n't tamper with them  the us has enough satellites to know when and where a nuke is launched meaning it has enough capabilities to send a kill signal if a nuke is heading the wrong direction . 
  heck it 's enough to hardcode the rough coordinates that are meant to give a no go and the brits are none the wiser . 
  it 's not a system you own , maintain and/or have the right to poke wherever you want , so you do n't know what you have nor where it is . 
   the warheads are 100 % uk developed tech . 
  it 's uk built tech which magically ressembles the us w76 . 
  by pure chance .
