  ignoring the obvious irony in your comments , yeah it is low quality and should be removed . 
   pensions or benefits to eu citizens currently working in the uk . 
  if you have any eu citizens working in politics in uk that have actively conspired to the dismemberment of the uk , then i agree that uk should not have to pay them any form of pension . 
  so ... you wan na convince eastern european countries to vote for * fewer * rights for their citizens . 
  good luck with that . 
  again people saying moldova obviously mean th\u00e9 republic of moldova . 
  and not th\u00e9 historical r\u00e9gion romanian moldova and the republic of moldova . 
  they could mean moldova in romania but in 99 % of cases it 's not the historical region . 
  same thing here . 
  olanda ** is ** holland . 
  netherlands is tarile de jos or regatul tdj if you wan na be extra anal about it . 
  just because people use olanda to mean netherlands , that does n't make it correct . 
  i hardly give a rat 's ass about rbs . 
  the markets might stop crashing and crashing though . 
  the situation has to solved and made clearer for the investors . 
  go read why s&p downgraded uk ... 
   do you think this will be a wake up call well i am not an expert in their way of thinking . 
  i can give some 2 cents though . 
  in a nutshell who voted brexit ? 
  the elderly . 
  they 're also the most likely to vote . 
  but curiously , the elderly are also the most likely to be risk adverse and a brexit if friggin risky . 
  in my opinion , you 're risk adverse if you have something to lose . 
  and by checking some poverty stats : http://www.inequalitywatch.eu/spip.php?article99&amp;lang=en uk and french ( relative ) poverty rates are about the same ( even slightly higher for youth ) until you reach the 50 + yo . 
  then the french relative poverty rate becomes half of the elderly . 
  graph ) . 
  gauche is left , droite is right . 
  fn does well with young people and okay with middle agers . 
  but with 60 + they bomb and it is the 60 + ( both uk and france ) that go voting a lot ( practically double the turnout young people ) . 
  so maybe wealthy old timers are keeping fn far away up to now ? 
  maybe this will show that fn wo n't help . 
  and we also have some problems in france and especially in uk . 
  i wo n't be too upset if we get eliminated . 
  shouted louder than when france won ( also because the irish were friggin amazing fans and it sucked seeing them go ) . 
   he says he will not speculate ahead of negotiations . 
  that is literally what he said . 
  he can not make any comments . 
  negociations have to be carried out ... quickly and swiftly . 
  seems like he 's trying to tell people to calm down and that this situation will be solved asap . 
  either way , its a major pain in the cunt which is estimated to take several years ( imagine the french agreeing to harmonise wih uk financial regulation ) . 
  eh ... we 're veeeery flexible when dealing with banks . 
  several things have to be made clear . 
  * euro clearing houses will have to move on the continent . 
  * the rest ... go knows but if there 's hit that m & a and other juicy business can be moved on to the continent , i doubt the eu wont take it . 
  * this has to be solved asap . 
  it seems less cheap . 
  more spacey , the old interiors but especially the new ones . 
  the yellow blue seems super tacky and extra cheap . 
  the one ryanair i took had on the cabin baggage doors the frames where you slide paper ads ( but the ads were removed ) , looked very cheap while easy doesnt have that . 
  also there 's the yellow plastic cover on the back headrest that is in front of you . 
  with the glued on plastic ads for fries and hotdogs ... it looks super disgusting . 
  easy is just all white and in parts an orange stripe . 
  more spacious . 
  does n't look like they tried to cram ads everywhere . 
  honestly i much much prefer easy to ryan . 
  snake oil . 
  get your snake oil . 
  guaranteed to chase of icelanders . 
  snake oil . 
  gives +3 precision in passing to kane . 
  snake oil +5 coaching abilities . 
  guaranteed to work . 
   moscovici says its possible for uk financial institutions to retain passporting access . 
  do you have an article for that ? 
  ca n't find using google fu, 
  from a french perspective ( since like i said we have our versions here ) what we 're told is basically lalalala france is so great , lalalala it 'll suck for a little bit but theyll see we 're so vital for their well being they 'll drop to our feet , lalalala who cares about the financial markets , we 'll make our own money and stuff . 
  do n't read too much in what the experts are saying ... we 'll be juuust fine , it was the experts that brought us in this situation . 
  they could n't even predict the 2008 crash , experts are untrustworthy . 
  they are debating from a position of unknown . 
  they reject authority ( the experts ) and since there are no other examples of countries leaving so they can sell any type of bs they want . 
  it 's a very emotional vote , really . 
  romania is offended . 
  france would have a bite ... what ? 
  horse meat can be good if properly cooked . 
  [ screw brigitte bardot ] ( http://www.petitions24.net/uploads/images/bb_viande_de_cheval.jpg ) . 
  ( when she was younger ... not now ... definitely not now ) . 
  omg did i make a huge gaffe and you 're boris johnson . 
  i want to apologise profusely for my error . 
  in my defence , your beautiful wild hair do is difficult to notice over reddit comments . 
  so my questions : * if named pm , when do you think you will trigger art . 
  * if named pm , could you tell us how did you manage to become the most ridiculous head of state names boris , such surpassing boris yeltsin ? 
  and do you have a message for the young silvio 's out there that share your passion and commitment for buffoonery . 
  * we all know your surname is an euphemism for penis . 
  is that the reason why you decided to fuck over a whole country ? 
  thank you very much sir . 
   the big concern is that the uncertainty of having no functioning government , no effective opposition and no plan for brexit means households and companies will put spending decisions on hold , prompting a steep downturn that threatens to become self-reinforcing . 
  and * this * is why it 's best for the brits and for the eu to decide the issue as soon as possible and not drag it for centuries . 
  the markets wo n't bounce back in the following weeks . 
  and uk might destroy as much money needed to pay to the eu budget for decades probably . 
  i 'm sorry though that the british are the living example of why leaving the eu is a bad idea . 
  it is enough proof that marine le pen 's dream of a french sortie is an * extremely * bad idea ( you 'd have to add the fact that france would need a new currency which would quadruple our issues ) . 
  luckly our older generation is fiscal conservative and much more risk adverse so their vote keeps pushing fn away from power . 
   no neverendums thank you . 
  david cameron is on / r/europe . 
  sir can you tell us when you think it would be better to resign ? 
  the one about ukraine . 
  how could you ? 
  nope . 
  are you in q1 now ? 
  or is reading the calendar a bit too complicated for you ?
