   t 's not going to make someone think twice before going to syria if their aim , when leaving , is to literally blow themselves up that 's not the point of the law . 
   many countries have laws to prosecute their citizens when they commit crimes abroad ; removing citizenship means that 's not an option anymore hence why you remove citizenship after a trial and not before . 
   it gives the state the power to accuse a citizen of supporting terrorism and swiftly remove all the person 's political rights same goes for any law . 
  there is a risk of false positive , such is life . 
   it shows that france does n't want to take responsibility for the citizens it failed to prevent from travelling to a warzone , where they are likely to have committed war crimes against the local population uhm no . 
  they spend their time in jail here and once it 's over , off to their home country . 
   they ca n't afterwards , since making someone stateless is against international law . 
  that 's more of a recommendation . 
  the uk creates stateless people . 
   it 's a huge middle finger to the other country of which the accused is also a citizen . 
  what if the second country also wants to strip him of his nationality ? 
  then they better move quickly . 
  :d this creates the added benefit that a country would keep track of its citizens even if they are abroad . 
   i 'd have thought they can make the most money by over-selling peak fares to the point where people are standing for long journeys ( which is the case on many popular routes ) . 
  in france its the opposite . 
  the train companies hike the price for peak times to discourage people from taking at that time unless needed . 
  there 's one at the entrance of my office . 
  we had a chuckle about it :d, 
  check his username . 
   much easier to punish them if they are french citizens . 
  that 's why they go to jail in france too . 
  #there wont be any stateless people . 
  it is for dual citizens that are born with french citizenship . 
  if you have dual citizenship and gained the french one , france can still take it back in case of terrorism . 
  ** now they 'll extend it to dual citizenship for french borns ** . 
  in passing , the uk created stateless people , france doesnt wan na do that . 
  did you actually bother to read the law ? 
  same goes to / u/watewate it 's abotu people with dual citizenship . 
  it is very much applicable . 
  they 've already done it . 
  but now its for dual citizens with those that got the french citizenship by birth . 
  so just remove their citizenship . 
  what 's the problem ? 
   if you know that somebody fought for isis then he is dangerous and that dangerous should be neutralized in some way . 
  i 'd rather revoke citizenships than put in the death penalty . 
   revoking their citizenship does not help . 
  it 's about sending a message . 
  if you want france to be destroyed , you are no longer french . 
  romania has the type of law france wants to implement . 
  i see no romanian complaining too much . 
  well she 's going after big wig corruption . 
  you still have small scale corruption . 
   so by keeping romania out of schengen , a significant portion of the electorate is misled to believe romanians are kept out . 
  they can still sent the gypsies home after 3 months if they have no income or reason to stay . 
  so taht 's why france wants romania out of schengen . 
  brother . 
  well in the end its stupid to compare the two . 
  flying is for long distances and driving for short ones . 
  no one in their right mind would switch . 
  one should compare car and train . 
  at the same time , this worked only for this guy . 
  if you have 10 people buying tickets , no such offer would be available . 
  combine / u/maszyna 's answer with / u/bristlerider 's to obtain the right comment for this story, 
   the amount of energy used for airplanes is tiny ca n't read the thing because it 's too darn verbose . 
  in a nutshell what kind of data are they looking passager per km ? 
   that fewer people take peak . 
  wait there are transportation managers on this globe that * want * peaks ? 
  is this opposite day ? 
  because i thought everybody from people who work in transportation to those who take the transports hate peak times . 
  the poles favor a us company to a eu one . 
  wow i am shocked . 
  it 's not like the serbs did n't commit massacres themselves : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_the_kosovo_war, 
  as someone that has played ac1 , i imagine them as the beggars that are amways bumping into you asking for some change, 
  you are confusing anti-semitism with criticism of israel . 
  you are playing the islamophobia card . 
  if you criticize islam you 're a racist . 
  if you criticize israel you 're an anti-semite . 
   the root causes are marginalisation and then radicalisation is sold as the solution . 
  is western europe the only regions that have marginalisation ? 
  look at the gypsies . 
  they 're so fucked up in the ass , they can only dream to be treated as muslims are . 
  the reality is that these people are fed bs about their imaginary `` homeland '' . 
  their own marginalisation leads to this . 
  and again this is just 2 cents . 
  who knows what 's what since neither you or i are crazy terrorists, 
   the root causes of it . 
  well the root cause of it wont be solved in 2-3-4 or 5 years . 
  we do n't even know what that root cause is so who knows . 
  keep some things in perspective dude . 
  even that `` steadily '' is bs . 
  we 'll still have elections in 2017 . 
  hollande is still severly criticised , we dont have political prisoners . 
  sure a few antifa were told to stay home during the cop21 but thats normal , they 're idiots . 
  gim me a call when hollande kills 1000 people . 
  socialists . 
  socialists everywhere . 
  where did i defend that ? 
  can you show me where i said that ? 
  thank you . 
  there are hate laws in the uk . 
  the person expressed that homosexuals should be killed . 
   so in your world of arresting people for expressing opinions you dislike where do you draw the line ? 
  you said it yourself it 's illegal to express support of isis . 
  does that law bother you ? 
  do you feel like your liberties are being undermined by the fact that you can not break into a musical expressing your love for isis ? 
  the law is there , why does it bother you ? 
  yes . 
  for anyone not in the cult it looks ridiculous . 
  but that 's hardly the point . 
  they 're not trying to convince us .
