  what can she do with the muslims ? 
  deport them ? 
  the majority of the french do n't have an issue with the euro . 
  http://m.20minutes.fr/economie/1361993-20140427-sondage-56-francais-contre-suppression-euro 56 against going back to the franc , 26 % . 
   the current period of moderatism from world war 2 is the exception . 
  so for you , this is the most extreme period since ww2 ? 
  really ? 
   the article goes onto to say that under this change a french national who hacks the mastercard account of a spanish national could face prison time . 
  france doesnt extradite its own citizens . 
  yes the person will face jail time in france , as normal but according to french laws . 
  but she 'll never win simply because she is too extremist . 
  she can introduce new messages all day long , in the end the fn is still the fn . 
  it 's like saying farange will be pm . 
  i doubt anyone believes it will happen , in a realistic setting . 
  well that 's how you learn . 
  if his policies are retarded they wo ' t be re-implemented . 
  call it a social experiment if you will :d, 
   i do think breivik should be allowed contact with other inmates and non professionals no . 
  absolutely not . 
  he does n't need any more nutters worshiping him and his acts . 
  we dont need the memoirs of brievik to be leaked out of jail or have him preach his hate . 
   chances of people wanting to visit him from outside prison ? 
  zero . 
  you underestimate the number of crazy people in europe . 
  just the swedish guy 2 days ago, 
  no it 's not the most important issue in europe atm . 
  in france it is not . 
   why should we have to sacrifice all other issues so we can solve one ? 
  maybe orban will transform hungary into a super power , maybe it 'll be the complete opposite . 
  next time there 's a refugee crisis people will look at what orban did and do the same if succesful or the opposite if not . 
  at the same time lets say people vote for a right wing govt throug elections and tell them to implement left wing economics policies through referendum . 
  how would that make sense ? 
  think through your system you 'll quickly arrive at contradictions ( politicians implementing policies they dont support ) . 
  her dad lost 80 % to chirac when chirac was so so unpopular . 
  she 'll lose against hollande . 
  and heck , there 're 0 chances for hollande to get in the second , so she 'll doubly lose . 
  nothing happened to hollande since may to have his popularity plummet . 
  france is n't facing a refugee crisis . 
  ( mainly because refugees dont want to come to france ) /, 
  well this just shows for the average hungarian migrants ** are ** the main issue . 
  it 's more important than economics , policy , eu issues , whatevs . 
  not all issues can be equally important , and that 's a good thing . 
  against hollande , hollande will win ? 
  ok hell will freeze over before she wins . 
  would that help ? 
  governing and law making are difficult issues . 
  for societal issues yeah ever person and his grandmother have an opinion and they are all equally valid . 
  more immigrants vs fewer immigrants etc. 
  but what about a banking law . 
  dont tell me more than 100 people would know in an average european country what banking laws to apply , or forestry laws or i dont know what or carbon emissions policies . 
  that 's why i vote . 
  because i think there are people more capable than i. 
  so wg should n't have united with the east ? 
  because it 's expensive ? 
  sk shouldnt unite with nk because it 's expensive ? 
  writing history costs money . 
  but goddamit you 're writing history . 
  stalin wrote history with people 's lives . 
  we 're just asked to write history with money . 
  fuck that , i 'd jump at that occasion . 
  this is going back to 1940 and saying : what stalin did was wrong . 
  it was the cause of why romania joined the axis . 
  people who dream small and think only in terms of the next 5 years never wrote a 10 year-long history book . 
  moldova should just hand in the keys of the country to someone else . 
  and what 's the median wage ? 
  russia does n't need to invade romania . 
  why deal with nato . 
  they 'll just invade moldavia and 4 million refugees will flow into romania crippling it . 
  unemploynment 's law because a ton of people left romanian . 
  about 3 million people . 
   the us will back romania and poland for as long as the kremlin has imperialistic ambitions . 
  the us backed romania ? 
  that 's rich . 
  how ? 
  you still need a visa to even visit . 
  meanwhile hungary is going full russia and does n't need a visa . 
  and now hungary looks up to russia . 
  my how times have changed . 
  the poophole loophole, 
  well in france most muslims speak very good french so i guess i 'm biased . 
  you make the language attractive by having lots of cartoons and fun shows kids can watch in german . 
  thats how i learnt my english, 
  so a nicely dressed homosexual couple that is making out in a random hungarian town would have no problem ? 
   this is because they have never meet any homosexual person with about 5 % of the population being homosexual , i doubt they never met a homosexual . 
  it 's more likely that the homosexuals dont really like showing themselves . 
  in how many polish cities can you gays hold hands and go out ? 
  or make out in public ? 
   also we should never forget that small children will learn much faster than let us say teenager that 's why you need to make your language appealing and not force them to study it . 
  a lot of people learnt foreign languages because it was appealing to them to do it . 
   they could also protest by leaving the country , if they do not wish to even attempt learning the language . 
  uhm , they have a passport and unless it becomes illegal to speak a foreign language ... good luck with that, 
  1 million dead poles = 1 mep ? 
  yeah , the eu has nothing to do with the free movement of people around europe . 
  nope . 
  not at all you also know nothing about erasmus projects . 
  i 've met a ton of people from sweden , germany , austria , spain , poland , hungary , slovenia . 
  it helped me broaden my view . 
   i think i 'll end this here . 
  yeah it 's better . 
   the law the dane was convicted of breaking in austria does not exist in denmark .
