  maybe your country is super close knit . 
  but that has nothing to do with how ee is . 
  poland had large jewish minorities . 
  turk minorities lived across ee , romania has hungarian minorities and elected a germanic president . 
  would be weird saying yeah the are n't where they 're from , these people because nationality = ethnicity . 
   sounds like family eh . 
  ask older people what they think about germany . 
  there is very little love . 
  we mock each other but it 's not a good humor mocking . 
  we 're much closer to the belgians as you are to the austrians . 
  but there is a realisation that the future should bring us closer together . 
   well , they really are n't bulgarians ( and they do n't indentify themselves as such either ) , they are citizens of bulgaria . 
  what 's bulgarian then ? 
  have great great great great great great great parents born in bulgarian ? 
  speak bulgarian ? 
  have been living all your life in bulgaria ? 
   fisher was himself jewish . 
  mother was jewish and he never identified as jewish . 
  also in 92 he was still fresh . 
  belgium is higher than the swiss i believe or spain . 
  are we really that close to germany ? 
  we still mock each other , they see us as lazy we see them as cold . 
  for a while we were neighbours that would leave steaming piles of shit on each other 's front porch or we 'd move the fence . 
  maybe northern italy is closer ? 
  religion wise , good cuisine , joie de vivre , many italians have moved to france and had a profound impact on us : platini , coluche , morano ... okay about the last one , i dunno . 
  neah germany is just a circumstance thing . 
  not armenia ? 
  what a family . 
  one brother is broke the other has a squatter . 
  eh , yugoslavia was under embargo at the time for good reason . 
  the yugoslav wars were starting , some 250k croatians were displaced . 
  not to mention that bobby fischer was a profound anti-semite ( his notebooks contained phrases like all jews should be killed , etc ) and to top it all a 9/11 denier . 
   iceland has shown their ability to stand up and poke their finger in the eye of bigger countries eh . 
  i doubt the us was shaking cuz they accepted fischer . 
  heck the other person exagerates saying gypsies are n't blgarians but guests and later on calls them garbage . 
  i 'm sure i can exagerate too wrt to it then . 
   you do n't trust any old person , but some people are established sources of information from certain groups . 
  yeah . 
  journalists . 
  cross references etc. 
   twitter is actually pretty good for information because you can hear directly from activists and people involved with various groups . 
  dude i dont trust twitter at all . 
  they said there was a bomb at the germany netherlands game , they said there were shootings in 7 different places in paris when that was n't the case . 
  how double faced ? 
  what did i state that can not be found in major news outlets ? 
   for some reason she has an agenda for the islamization of europe yup . 
  that 's her party platform . 
  the islamic democrat party . 
  i trust established media not twitter or some reddit . 
  gim me nytimes saying what that dude is saying and i 'll buy it . 
  twitter ? 
  that 's your source ? 
  dude lem me have a smile :d  ps : i have you tagged from here . 
  thank you . 
  lest we forget how innocent the turkish govt is . 
  they 've been living in eastern europe for about 500-600 years . 
  the slav migration started about 1100 years ago . 
  if we can call you guests in europe then yes you can call the gypsies guests in bulgaria . 
   i know a bulgarian who , understandably , corrects people every time they refer to gypsies as bulgarians . 
  yeah . 
  kinda like the germans that had a cut willy . 
  they were just jewish with a german passport . 
  and before you go cry godwin point , i 'll let you know the gypsies were treated just like the jewish . 
  romania sent quite a few to death camps . 
  we can mention also hungarian deportation of the gypsies or the croatian ustase regime . 
  russian nukes in cuba and us nukes in turkey was 0 % ? 
  i like your optimism . 
  ah the turkish perspective . 
  love the map though . 
  no references , sources , nothing . 
  i do n't understand why russia and turkey are fighting . 
  the level of propaganda they produce is so similar . 
  but i am open to other sources ? 
   one anecdote would be the paris riots in 2005 to describe what i meant . 
  sweden had riots , london had riots , the us had riots . 
  we 're talking about something different here . 
  well let 's see their passports . 
  we 'd be terribly sorry if french thugs created problems here and anywhere on the globe . 
  if it 's not germany 's fault , it 's france 's . 
  if it 's not france 's fault , it 's greece 's . 
  if it 's not greece 's fault it 's uk 's . 
  that 's the chain with european problems . 
  for world wide problems , you got ta add either the us or russia depending what your views are . 
  and do we have an obligation to accept any and all ? 
  i think he means they ca n't afford paying for heating anymore . 
   we wo n't hold 2 million people inside our borders because mrs merkel decided to call them in . 
  that 's false . 
   https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/40nru4/dear_europeans_what_are_the_most_astonishing_or/cywinxb only about 60k . 
  the arche de la d\u00e9fense is something i fond vert interesting . 
  post it in / r/badhistory see what 'll get . 
  did you bother reading his comment :  that dates < 50 years back - zero, 
  tons of stereotypes , tons of stereotypes and / r/badhistory . 
  we lump ee countries together because if the warsaw pact but they really have very little in common . 
  the soviet and ottoman influences simply appeared as antagonist forces . 
  no greek appreciates the ottomans , no ee appreciates the soviets . 
  etc etc etc for the rest of your comment . 
   i hate french tourists . 
  i do wonder if you 're capable of recognizing french . 
  do we come in shorts sandals and socks ? 
  then do n't complain man .
