  french muslims ? 
  give me a source . 
  because / u/bel1sar is theresa may obviously . 
   most eu countries are in the top percentage in the world . 
  ugh again not all eu countries are eurozone countries . 
  growth in romania and poland is high . 
  growth in greece , italy , portugal is small . 
  you are a bit too defensive are n't you . 
  again i 'll spell it out for you : ** in real life usage ** , condoms are just as effective as pulling out . 
  so how come they have such a precise image of muslims if they never met one ? 
   or the fact that the vast majority of them still thinks shariah law in france ? 
  the vast majority of french muslims think that ? 
  have you been smoking ? 
   just not when they blow themselves up because 15 people speak for 4 million ? 
   and kill my countrymen at a rock concert . 
  and some of those countrymen killed at bataclan were muslim . 
  to put it shortly , [ sarkozy said it best ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eau5_gi3icq&amp;t=36s ), 
   over 3k employees , is still part of the mittelstand . 
  that 's not an sme ( kmu apparently in german ) . 
   small-to-medium and medium , not of small sized enterprises . 
  yeah that 's the m in sme . 
   often in niche high tech markets and there needs to be investment to form such a sector . 
  investment that can not really be carried out in europe since all regions are forced to compete on the same level . 
   but we do n't have one huge company etc. 
  the situation is not this statistically weird . 
  that 's an example ( you do have under 200 huge companies and 100ks of small companies ) . 
  the median is much more descriptive of the situation when talking about statistics with very skewed pdf, 
   if you know how to use a condom properly then it 's twice as effective as the pull out method . 
  proper usage is not real life usage . 
  i 'm ending this convo because it 's ridiculous . 
   just like not wearing the seatbelt is just as safe as wearing one . 
   it 's just not ok because it depends on the drivers not crashing into each other . 
  what ? 
   it 's not about the method itself , it 's about its real world application . 
  well in the real world , [ the pull out is just as effective as a male condom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_of_birth_control_methods ) . 
   as for german smes , german avg employee per company is 12 , highest in eu , while italg is 3.9 , second lowest ( lowest is portugal 3.7 ) . 
  that number really does n't tell me anything . 
  if you have 1 huge company that employees 1 million people . 
  and 10 companies that hire 1 person . 
  the average size would be 100k people ... that 's just weird . 
  you should look at the median when things are so skewed . 
   specifically our innovation of product and processes investment flatlines after about 1995 . 
  of course it 's not just the euro . 
  but look at regional growth . 
  the north of italy is quite rich ( richer than every area in france except parisian area ) . 
  yet the south is very poor . 
  that 's what fucks up your statistics . 
  europe is not an optimum currency area . 
  the south of italy can not compete with the north but that 's fine since cash flows down . 
  the problem now is that cash does n't flow from germany . 
  the means to help italy overcome it 's regional inequalities are severly limited nowadays . 
  you can not devalue and that is very very bad as your debt will simply not erode away and you can not finance project to help the south . 
   almost every eu country in general , i 'm talking about the eurozone . 
  the eurozone has had terrible growth except germany and ireland . 
   very few large politically connected companies and a backbone of a myriad smes , most family run how 's that different from germany 's mittlestand that is presented as the success of the german economy ? 
  also 28 % of french work in sme ( smaller than 250 people ) . 
  you have an sme from southern italy competing with one from bavaria . 
  on the same currency . 
  do n't you think that 's bit weird considering the technological differences that need to be overcome ? 
  it 's weird . 
  until the end of the 90s you were doing ok . from the beginning of the naughts , things started to go south ... 
  being in the euro has n't exactly helped italy . 
   fact is currently anybody can go to the us , become a citizen and be regarded as an american . 
  and are all americans treated equally ? 
   actually , we discovered that a couple from my class was using the pulling out method , because the girl had a meltdown when the teacher insisted it was n't safe , ahahahah in real life usage , pull out is about as safe as condom usage.it 's just not ok because it depends on the guy remembering to pull out . 
  it was legal between 1952 ( ? ), 
  and 1966 . 
  france fucks ... with no condoms ? 
  yeah sure man ... that 'll happen . 
   the us elects their head of government but he 's still powerless against the two houses . 
  so would a pm that does not have a majority . 
  look at spain now . 
  uk of course has a fptp which is n't exactly the most democratic thing . 
  only 36 % of votes went to cameron yet he had a majority . 
   i thought you guys loved mother earth more than us , but i guess you would n't have pushed diesel so hard if that was true !, 
  diesel produces less co2 but more particles . 
  if tomorrow we stop all car usage , particle pollution would decrease quickly while co2 would take a long time to decrease . 
   separate divisions out by weight class . 
  that 'll probably cost money and a whole new array of logistic and planning problems when dealing with war . 
  have you heard of the falklands or do you like playing ignorant ? 
  football does n't mean shit compared to human lives . 
  okay you feel crappy for an evening but a terrorist attack makes you feel shitty for years/decades because that 's how long it takes to fix a situation . 
  well at 13:17 cet it seems like the debate revolves around ~ ~ dick measuring ~ ~ dead people counting . 
  fun times all around . 
  yeah . 
  heard it 's called keynesian policies . 
  check it out ... 
  first mel gibson , now antonio . 
  i bet the next will be johnny depp, 
   they did that for germany . 
  except that germany is n't iraq . 
   all nazi collaborators were prosecuted by nurenberg tribunal . 
  how ignorant can you be ? 
  did klaus barbie the butcher of lyon get convicted at nurenberg , horia sima the leader of the romanian iron guard , kurt liscka organiser of the vel d'hiv roundup where 14000 jews were gathered and sent to extermination camps ? 
  do you want us to make a list of nazis that didnt get convicted at nuremberg ? 
   banderas the nazi collaborator fuck ... not antonio . 
  i really liked the guy :'(, 
  db was heavily involved in the housing bubble that created the 08 crisis . 
  so i wo n't be too upset . 
   we dont want lgbt here , and this our right .
