  again , his site went down for 9 minutes . 
  if not for this article i would n't have even known about it and i 'm 100 % certain you would n't have heard about it either . 
  if someone hacks they email accounts and publishes their private stuff , that 'll be a different story . 
  up until now, 
  you did read it wrong because you did n't bother to follow the actual thread . 
  but i guess that 's too much to ask for in this day and age . 
   brittany that 's brittany , ** france ** to you !, 
  so the fact that macron 's website was down for 9 mins means austria will get annexed ? 
  well you 're not melodramatic at all , are you ? 
   but ready to sanction russia over some vague claims without investigation ? 
  more like sanction russia over something that has had no actual impact on french society . 
  i had no idea macron 's website was down for 9 mins and it did n't even matter . 
  but not for starting wars in europe . 
  wtf ? 
   but if its covered in most of europe , why not get a job abroad or apply for some school/uni/etc . 
  students also get healthcare . 
  thanks , learnt a bit . 
   just like the french are willing to compromise on the common agricultural policy puts food on the table does n't it ? 
   the french seat in the un security council for what ? 
  what 's on offer ? 
   the force de frappe give up nukes for what reason ? 
  you make no sense whatsoever . 
  it 's like me asking why is n't germany giving up its car industry ... why ? 
  give up stuff just for the sake of giving up ? 
   nor uk 's qe carriers have catapults which are necessary for regular carrier based planes like the rafale or the f-35c . 
  huh . 
  til.with such a big carrier , i would have thought a catapult is a given . 
  the cdg 's catapult depends on us parts ( which they did restrict back in the 00s during the iraq crisis because ) so i 'd imagine the uk would also get ones . 
  and how much are you willing to pay for that ? 
  we can find good reasons for anything ... but the question is : is it worth it ? 
  considering that the vast amounts of planes nowadays are regular ... the answer seems to be ... nope , not really . 
   some countries like italy or the uk have simply no other option than the f-35b , as they have aircraft carriers which are only capable of launching stovl airplanes . 
  ever since the brits sold their remaining harriers to the usmc , there is no other plane in europe that can take off from extremely short runways or land vertically . 
  the dutch have about 0 aircraft carriers , why would they need 85 vtol planes ? 
  uk 's [ queen elisabeth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/queen_elizabeth-class_aircraft_carrier ) carriers will be quite large so they accomodate for regular planes . 
  it 's only italy that has no other option ... but 131 seems a bit excessive . 
   and let 's not forget the history of france wanting to put shackles on the bundesbank for pretty much the entirety of the post-war decades . 
   ) so that 's what a german le pen voter sounds like ? 
  next you start bitching about versailles . 
   a common currency demands compromises which the german society has never been willing to make and which other societies are also not willing to make . 
  the germans need to start learning compromises if they wan na live on a continent with other large powers , 
   and maastricht was a post-fact negotiation ... it was about the how , not the what because that had been the issue between mitterand and kohl back in 1990 . 
  it 's so cute seeing you reaching so hard . 
  trying to play facts to fit your narrative . 
   https://euobserver.com/political/119735 and ? 
  mitterrand knew also very well how to go against the will of the people ... when he decided that the death penalty needed to be abolished . 
  such things happen if you wan na be on the right side of history . 
   rafael how about the michelangelo ? 
   the eu should buy the best the eu should buy a plane that fits its specific needs based on the different constraints . 
  considering that the eu has about 4 aircraft carriers , a vtol capable plane is a bit useless . 
   also , airbus does n't make fighters . 
  airbus owns 46 % of the consortium that makes the eurofighter ( the largest shareholder ) . 
  great analysis of the situation man . 
  yes we know that germany is the reluctant partner to the european project . 
  it 's hardly a surprise . 
   so yes , the euro was forced upon the supremely unwilling german society . 
  oh god , stop with the fake history dude . 
  maastricht happened in 92 when the german unification was already done . 
  they could have very well asked for a referendum ... no one forced anyone else . 
   kohl and everyone else in germany perceived mitterand 's machinations exactly as they were meant - as a political blackmail . 
  stop circlejerking about how eeevil france was . 
  mitterrand had a very keen sense on being on the right side of history . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/the-price-of-unity-was-the-deutsche-mark-sacrificed-for-reunification-a-719940-4.html https://www.quora.com/was-germany-forced-to-adopt-the-euro-as-the-price-for-its-unification it was created in order to further integrate germany into the european union ... the war was only ended 45 years before and all the major political figures had lived through it . 
  but claiming that germany was forced into a monetary union like / u/xnicolex claims is extremely poor history . 
  ( though not uncommon since / r/europe tends to treat history more like a caf\u00e9 conversation ) . 
   germany is n't the one who proposed the euro . 
  in-fact germany was forced into accepting the euro as a price for re-unification that 's some next level bullshit . 
  mitterrand had no power to stop any unification . 
   and want to change this . 
  they want to show how much people stand behind the idea of a united europe . 
  i heard that if they propose political projects and if those political projects get a vote , then they might actually get change done . 
  or they can try pointless marches ... 
   the national assembly can reject the prime minister the president appoints and the president can dissolve the national assembly and have snap elections . 
   if they are for profits really made in this jurisdiction . 
  how would one even impose such a thing ? 
  also capital can flow freely inside the eu . 
   i still do n't see the connection you are trying to make . 
  that bucharest and major cities are by far and large the main parts of the country that profit from the economic boost while smaller towns and rural areas are forgotten . 
  the people are amazed that psd makes 45 % . 
   most likely related to the fact that half the country lives in rural areas , where some even still use wells . 
  here 's germany https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/water_supply_and_sanitation_in_germany#access_to_water_and_sanitation 12 % of the population is rural . 
  close to 100 % have access to running water . 
   he criticised the `` historical amnesia '' of some european leaders . 
  it 's also a bit of this :  it is difficult to get a man to understand something , when his salary depends upon his not understanding it !, 
  well let 's hope that with brexit some preconcevied notions will be challenged and that the lessons will be learnt . 
  while of course exit from the eu is not a solution for any eu country , some improvements need to be made . 
  no no . 
  he 'd rather have others around him stay poor because many are indeed benefiting from the economic progress romania is going though . 
  bucharest has a higher [ gdp per capita than madrid ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/bucharest-surpasses-madrid-berlin-for-gdp-per-capita/ ) . sure sure that does n't mean that the standard of living is higher than in madrid ... but when you compare it with the fact that 38 % of romanians do n't have access to running water , you can start seeing the deep inequalities . 
   respecting them means acknowledging them as legitimate . 
  you acknowledge them as legitimate the moment you sit down with them at the friggin table . 
   human rights and human decency be damn . 
  http://elpais.com/elpais/2016/11/11/inenglish/1478853555_502912.html and we can find tons of the same from france , uk , germany , us . 
  he has that ... well a vlog i thing . 
  and also he was effectively excluded from his party, 
   have no idea what women 's rights are like in iran but if it 's anything like in saudi arabia so why are you commenting ? 
  sweden has done far more to stop arms trade with sa than any other country in the west . 
  yeah . 
  generalisations are the worst !, 
   talk with camp security about changing locks did you read the article ?
