  yeah but then the south can not devalue compared to the north . 
  the south of italy really needs help man . 
  see how this perpetuates ? 
  we agreed to a union , italy and france and yes even germany have to make the structural reforms and compromises that could make the union work . 
  enough with the patchwork , which devaluing is . 
   but for mainstream media to talk as if the german or austrian people owe me , or these people something beyond what the german homeless people get , is just disingenuous . 
  can you point in the text where it says that they should have been given more ? 
  it 's a classic soft editorial piece that comments about some aspects of life . 
  we see constantly articles about disillusioned people . 
  disillusioned people that from their small town to the big city to find a job , that move to hollywood to start their acting career etc etc etc. 
  at no point does the reporter imply that hey europe should have sold the clothes off its back to help mohammed get into an engineering school . 
   but lots of things are perfectly human and understandable without being morally justifiable . 
  what is n't morally justifiable ? 
  pretending to be a refugee ? 
  of course . 
  other people who need help are left out of the loop . 
  but let 's look at the reverse , we close our borders , we impose tons of visas and paperwork when we should let people come and see the reality of what europe is . 
  yes there are a ton of shitty buildings , tons of poor people etc etc etc. 
  if that image is shown to people , they 'll realise yeah europe is n't that friggin great . 
  we 've seen it after the wall fell . 
  people thought omg the west . 
  yeah it 's not a dictatorship but you know ... 
  the more we close our borders , the more people will think we 're hiding something special and will want to come in . 
   amnesty/similar organizations and leftist media talking as if only immigrants are allowed to have rational self interest , and not europe well that 's why we have the ring wing media telling us that only europe matters . 
  in between them there 's a balance , do n't you think ? 
  had we made it easier for them to come and see that yeah europe ai n't no rainbow land . 
  the people living in the iron curtain also idolised the west and coca cola . 
  not all circumflex accents replace the lost s. for example \u00e2me was n't asme . 
  ~ ~ it 's kinda weird . 
  ame is closer to the latin anima and the spanish alma or occitan arma . ~ ~ ~ ~ but then again ame looks weird . 
  and it 's not even pronounced like \u00e2me . ~ ~ ~ ~ so in this particular case i am split . ~ ~ ~ ~ concerning the missing s marker . 
  i dunno i kinda think it 's like programming . 
  we 've market the s as deprecated for quite a bit :p . time to move on . ~ ~ ognons looks weird but i think it 's because we 're used to oignons . 
  probably in the future , the french will say yeah it was for the best . 
  edit : actually it wo n't be removed from the `` a '' and from the `` o '' . 
  and it 'll stay on d\u00fb , je\u00fbne , m\u00fbr , s\u00fbr etc. 
  fewer and fewer people . 
  edit : since / u/ygyfygy deleted his message and mine looks weird now , he basically said `` less and less people learn french '' because it 's too difficult . 
  i am amazed . 
  a lot of spain is in pretty warm areas yet the food is so fat  ) wtf . 
  edit : speeling . 
  same date and no no debauchery . 
  some carnivals start in the south of france . 
  they found a chance to go to a different place , and they took it . 
  okay yeah it 's shitty to say you 're a refugee when you 're not , but it 's not like its not understandable . 
  we all try to maximise our personal well being . 
  the euro lost a lot against the dollar almost achieving parity . 
  did the italian economy improve ? 
  dude let 's face you , you dun goofed when changing to z. 
  s between two vowels is pronounced z. 
  that 's how you can tell the difference between desert and dessert without having to wonder is it two s 's or just one ? 
  their s comes from french . 
  heck why did n't you change desert to dezert ? 
   the change may be gradual but eventually we 'd have as much geopolitical importance as a place like vietnam or kenya . 
  do u mean uk will descend to the level of vietnam ? 
  or will vietnam rise to the level of uk ? 
  because that 's not the same thing . 
  hijacking this thread . 
  can someone find the part of the episode the germans from fawlty towers when basil says that now that uk is in the common market , they 'll try their best . 
  `` part of the continent now . '', 
  it was filmed 3 years after uk joined . 
  * mais on s ` en fout . 
   do tell them the procedure about asylum seeking , they have to either accepter their application or d\u00e9port them out of schengen . 
  that 's dublin . 
   the eu said to let them pass , after the screenings . 
  yes , bad decisions all around . 
  did n't they already give sanctions to austria during the haider period ? 
   https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2000/02/haid-f22.html?view=article_mobile wan na see a country that does n't respect international agreements : russia . 
  they 're not doing 100 % awesomely, 
   many are maghrebins . 
  as per tusk , if i recall well , are either maghrebins or iraq/iran/afghan etc nationals . 
  the calais migrants are maghrebins ? 
  dude . 
  they 're afghans , pakistan , erithreans , etc. 
   is it impossible that they just come by plane or by boat , legally ? 
  what visa ? 
   also , lebanon and jordan , as far as i know do n't have 30 % unemployment total and 50 % for the youth . 
  wait are you saying lebanon and jordan are better than greece ? 
   however you ca n't blame other countries that did their job i thought we established that they did n't . 
  you are country of entry for an illegal immigrant in the schengen space ? 
  you register and ask them to apply for asylum or you deport them . 
  now we have calais that will be a perpetual problem as long as schengen states do n't do their job . 
  we can deport them , but they 'll still come , more and more . 
   as if the calais migrants came from the greece/italy route in the first place . 
  where did they come from !, 
  honestly dude sheesh . 
   unless if you mean we force them . 
  we get them pull then out if schengen . 
  simple . 
   force migrant to apply for asylum in the country they do n't want to , in a country that ca n't sustain itself . 
  the vast majority of migrants are in jordan and lebanon . 
  are those countries better off than greece ? 
   in france we act high but we ca n't fucking sort out une putain de banlieu . 
  we can sort the gypsies . 
  off to romania . 
  when we 're talking about calais omg let 's not touch them . 
  wtf is that ? 
  look when the first camp started . 
  you 'll see an off correlation with schengen . 
   france ?
