   there were 1800 rapes so 1800/365 is about 5 rapes a day . 
  so without any muslim population you still get 5 per day . 
   ( 1782 incidents last year ) 1700 people died in poland because of cows last year . 
  wtf ? 
   you 'd rather be raped than raped and beaten half to death . 
  you sure love moving that goal post . 
  if you get beaten after you are raped , that means you got beaten . 
  that does n't mean you got raped a second time . 
  are you for real ? 
  edit : itt people that think being raped by someone you know is better than being raped by a stranger . 
  so they vote for bibi or hamas . 
  great job guys . 
  they really took  if you want peace prepare for war to heart . 
   those rape rape is rape is rape . 
  there is no better or worse rape . 
  who ? 
  the guys that wan na destroy israel or the guys that colonise the west bank ? 
  of the guys that bomb . 
   stopping gulf carriers from launching more routes to europe through lobbying efforts . 
  i do n't mind that . 
  gulf carriers do n't exactly treat their workers fairly . 
   happens on a daily basis now . 
  i mean rape does happen ** a lot ** in our societies . 
  12000 rapes in france last year . 
  why did you add the `` now '' part though ? 
   peace can not exist in a region without talking to all sides . 
  does any side want peace in that region ? 
   is the katyusha my communist uncle ~ ~ tortured ~ ~ `` tortured '' me with ftfy . 
  i really enjoy that song . 
  if you bought the tickets you can still come , 
   between refugees and past events i thought it was establshed that the perps were from north africa and not syria . 
  it 's a bit disingenious to lump everybody in the same pot . 
   i do n't care about who hijacked what i believe you need this commentary from george carlin https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muvdxxhlpa8&amp;t=42s, 
   for me it 's mindblowing its passed 12 years already . 
  almost other half of my life . . those countries joining is closer to cleopatra than the trex extinction is to the building of the pyramids . 
  or something like that . 
   anyway , i have my doubts about the 10 000 lives they saved . 
  eventual deaths from chernobyl are estimated at about 4000 , the vast majority of those people involved in the clean up . 
  yeah because they were contained . 
  duh  the fuel elements which they could take with them are a far bigger issue . 
  that 's what i mean , obviously . 
  another massive explosion would have been very very bad news . 
  dude you sound like those americans or whatever that are offended by zwarte piet . 
  omg black face ... so offensive . 
  the 1st of may existed before russia became communist in order to remember https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haymarket_affair for a long time europe and america was a huge sweatshop . 
  ( now they 're in china ) the internationale is a french song https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_internationale the fact that the crazy commies hijacked all symbols related does n't make those symbols lose any value . 
  the hindus still have their swastika . 
   somehow dooming half the eurasian continent . 
  the undoubtedly saved tens od thousands of lives that 's for sure . 
  radioactive steam in the atmosphere ... 
  reminds me of the katyusha . 
  i imagine that 's the sound of hell . 
   most of them are not refugees , but economic migrants . 
  i forgot i 'm on / r/europe . 
  yeah dude . 
  isis took their jobs that 's why they 're economic immigrants . 
  sigh, 
  hon , hon , hon. 
  you fewlish allemand . 
  * twirls pencil moustache * . 
  i 'm not sure where the guy gets his `` yeah it was a pointless thing '' info from . 
  logically very hot radioactive stuff + water = radioactive steam . 
  not a good thing . 
   anonymous data heh . 
  you made me chuckle . 
  i think he 's saying he needs a miracle to get it up . 
   mass immigration of our youth and low birth rate of those that remain behind . 
  do n't forget the exodus of those working in the medical field . 
  we can finally have a war with germany on equal footing . 
  200 years we 've been waiting . 
  darn so what 's the problem ? 
  we just keep sending men to keep the peace in ukraine and fight the ruskies . 
  i 'm okay for financing that , not okay to send french soldiers die in a battle that can not be won, 
   sent some troops to the border i suggest sending cypriot troups . 
   despite it being popular to blame every problem on the us it is hard to do so in this case . 
  i love it how you casually forget to mention the whole iraq civil war between the shia and the sunni . 
  how isis was created by leaders of the ba'ath party that no longer had a place in al maliki 's iraq . 
  your guy al maliki that completely maginalised all sunnis . 
   you 're ignoring the eu 's pathetic enforcement where dat mission accomplished , democracy to iraq , wmds found and neutralised . 
  my oh my what a success story that was . 
  thanks dude . 
  do n't be afraid to get your head outta the sand from time to time man . 
   the fact refugees were simply allowed to walk in never being forced to register . 
  do the several million refugees roaming in the middle east suddenly disappear when you close the borders ? 
  do we tell them to go fuck themselves because the main issue is the 2 % for nato ? 
  a little less jingoism a little more realism man might help you a lot . 
   t 's not something new , it just shows the disdain the political elite has for the common people . 
  can you find me someone willing to have an honest intellectual debate on this issue ? 
  amongst french politicians ? 
   swap the treaty of versailles do people still blame versailles for hitler ? 
   the success of hitler was in a big part also the failure of the democratic politicians . 
  also the fact that he never got a majority , he rigged elections and he had his own private army . 
  but lets ignore that and go with the `` politicians not talking about immigrants caused hitler '' . 
   that 's nice . 
  you know what else is nice ? 
  the world police taking a huge crap on the middle east and distabilising the area therefore creating a huge amount of refugees . 
  how many refugees did the us take compared to europe ? 
   in fairness it is europe that russia likes to invade , not north america . 
  honest question , would 2 % actually solve anything ? 
  would it have prevented the ukraine invasion ?
