  go to a packed cinema and tell your friend : gosh i really hope there 's no ** bomb ** . 
  see what happens ... 
  slippery slope fallacy . 
  no point in arguing anymore . 
  if you ban hate speech the obvious next step is nazism for some reason . 
   usa does excepting very specific , non-ideological cases , for a major example . 
   show your boobs . 
  no no . 
  if you restrict anything , the next step is nazism . 
   what she said is vile and she 's a disgusting human being , but she 's entitled to her beliefs and to express them . 
  each country has their own free speech legislation . 
  this might be considered hate speech . 
   everybody oppresses gypsies not a popular view here i 've noticed . 
   his source is that the who constantly critiques the us for acting like the 19th century when it comes to healthcare . 
  it 's the stats man . 
  look at the stats . 
  if bothered , dont look at the stats . 
   they could possibly negotiate with the eu and get the switzerland treatment -- bilateral agreements to just allow some things , but not otheres . 
  sure . 
  the sky 's the limit . 
  but getting booed out of the eea wouldnt be a dick move . 
   people want to come to britain and get benefits . 
  that is not part of the eea ( afaik ) , so they can stay in the eea . 
  either way , you cant move in uk and say okay gim me moneys . 
  so it 's hardly that . 
  the eea is about the free movement of people in its space . 
  they might want to restrict the free movement or job rights for other eea citizens , in that case an out is necessary . 
   politicians are universally shitty . 
  hey in some countries from the mayor to the pms are corrupt and gone to jail . 
  in other countries , they 're more normal and try to do their best in their current circumstances . 
   what we should n't do is give them ways to pass legislation in less accountable ways . 
  next election , you go : nuh uh . 
  i dont care about the eu , you imposed this law on my ass . 
  you 're going down . 
  simple ... see ? 
   all you need is eea , and that is already not tied to the eu , since it has several non-eu countries in it already . 
  those countries didnt join and leave . 
  if uk for example decides to leave the eu in order to restrict the free movement of people and goods , then obviously that goes against the eu and eea , so it will have to leave the eea . 
  that 's what they 're trumpeting at least . 
  im taking your logic to its natural extension . 
  if closer to the people is better , who knows your needs better ? 
  your mayor and regional organisation or your president/pm/whatever and the massive parlament ? 
   you mean like , if someone tries to leave the eu , germany will force them out of the eea too , so they suffer for their choices ? 
  that 'd be a major dick move there . 
  at the same time , you cant have your cake and eat it too ? 
  if tomorrow the eu picks up again , do you join again ? 
  what is this ? 
   as close to the people as possible . 
  so your regional elections should be more important than your national ? 
   are you seriously ok with giving your government ways to work around the national legislature ? 
  how did that govt get into position ? 
  usually people elected the president/chancellor/pm who creates the govt . 
  maybe the problem is shitty politicians ? 
   i would n't expect the poverty rate to stay that low with further budget cuts . 
  fine , lets get out of the eu and devalue the new franc . 
  no point in being pegged to the germans when the economy cant follow up . 
  inflation will decrease the debt levels . 
  there are solutions . 
  whats losing money ? 
  if you post a day with loses , do you fire everybody ? 
  how about a week ? 
  7 years ? 
  at what point do you decide to let go ? 
  is it normal for the ceo to make a ton of money if the company he is supposed to save is bleeding money and has done nothing to change it around ? 
  it is normal for the company to lose 0.5 billion dollars because the management doesnt want to back down in a strike ? 
  who got fired from that ? 
   the investors are the ones who risked their money for the company . 
  well good for them . 
  35 % of the voting rights are owned by the french govt . 
  is it cuz we dont shower : / ? 
  http://www.inegalites.fr/spip.php?article388 so with half the unemployment , they still have more paupers ? 
  impressive isnt it ? 
  of the french state can buy more shares . 
  which is likely to happen . 
   they do n't though do they . 
  go live a few years in the states , a few years in france and a few years in japan . 
  if you dont notice any differences , uhm . . heck go to finland then spain . 
  go to uk then romania . 
  how 's the poverty level ? 
  how about fertility levels ? 
  like i said , it 's the small things . 
  they add up, 
  uhm , presenting incomplete news because of religious concerns . 
   i dont have to source my distrust . 
  distrust is usually not a logical feeling anyway . 
   ok so i 'm happy we can agree that you 're full of ~ ~ shit ~ ~ illogical feelings . 
  yes ... the who are pushing to show the french health system is the best in the world because politics ... dude , did you hear yourself ? 
  like i said . 
  sources for the who being bs . 
   now look at forecasts  germany in 2003 was the sickman of europe . 
  they survived . 
  we 'll survive . 
  dunno man , they 're a small highly specialized group essential to the business . 
  that means it 's very hard to change them and also it 's easy for them to create a group . 
  also you wan na keep them happy : just look at germanwings . 
   i 'm guessing nearly all developed consumer nations share almost identical values . 
  just like with the royale with cheese , it 's the tiny differences that count . 
  for example france is a country that pushes a lot for secularism . 
  those differences were very obvious during the charlie attacks with uk and us media not wanting to show any images for fear of not offending . 
  while french media was : we dont give a fuck .
