  so can a saudi arabian chop hands in europe because hey in ksa there is no law against chopping hands to thieves ...  and many people vote for them . 
  many or most ? 
  because that 's two different things . 
  it is still a state that decides what is `` correct '' , in violation of the rights of human beings to decide for themselves , in violation of the principle that truth is established with argumentation and not with violence , and in violation of an idea of culture as something fluid and free and not something established by decree again . 
  can you repeat after me : the laws are voted by representatives of the people . 
  the majority of the austrians agreed to pass those laws . 
  that 's a fact . 
  stop mentioning the state , like some kind of north korean entity that imposes the majority what to do . 
   i did not argue against any kind of hate-speech law but specifically against the austrian ones that try to decide on correct interpretations of history and politics . 
  then dont go to friggin austria , france , germany , uk and other examples and break laws there . 
  case closed . 
   , so that 's where you got the polish thing from . 
  need i remind you that poland were hardly enthusiastic about the ussr . 
  yeah , because people in the west knew perfectly well what was happening inside the block . 
  just look at the the doc the fog of war . 
  quote from mcnamara :  in the case of vietnam , we did n't know them well enough to empathize . 
  and there was total misunderstanding as a result . 
  they believed that we had simply replaced the french as a colonial power , and we were seeking to subject south and north vietnam to our colonial interests , which was absolutely absurd . 
  and we , we saw vietnam as an element of the cold war . 
  not what they saw it as : a civil war . 
  wars happen because of perceived reality . 
  not actual facts . 
  sell to the germans that the jews caused the defeat of germany and now you can impose whatever anti-semitic law you want . 
  or look at how propaganda portrays the enemy in every war . 
  like an irrational bunch out to kill you and rape your family . 
  nowadays that does n't happen because it 's fairly easy for a french and polish to meet and ask : hey so how are things in your country . 
   `` we can confirm that this was a racially motivated hate crime partially because the man chose his victims based on the colour of their skin , '' police chief niclas hallgren told swedish public service radio . 
  `` we have reached this conclusion based on what we found when we searched his apartment and his behaviour during the act , and also on the basis of how he selected his victims . '' well since it 's a police officer saying that after looking in his apartment and other reasons . 
  there 's no reason to pussyfoot around this issue . 
  the islamist with the ak-47 in the tgv in france wanted to kill people , he didnt just happen to find a loaded ak in a park . 
  and this neo-nazi wanted to kill some browns . 
  lets knock off the pc . 
  it shows that people were afraid of that . 
  of a warsaw pact invasion . 
  no noone thinks seriously eastern europe will invade the west . 
   states that rigorously legislate on `` correct '' culture wither and die , because the value of culture is decided evolutionarily by the human subjects that make use of it . 
  exactly . 
  that 's what i 'm telling you . 
  the individuals in europe do n't agree with you being able to shout `` kill the jews '' freely on the street . 
  laws were drafted and people agree with those laws . 
  you can make your own party and propose to change hate laws in europe or your country . 
  but in reality no one will vote for that . 
  we 're not the us and we dont wan na be . 
   the fact that something is a law certainly does not mean that it is a right law , right for whom ? 
  right for the neo-nazis ? 
  right for the islamist ? 
  right for random joe ? 
  you got ta pick because they each have their own vision of right . 
   nor does it mean that one should leave the country if one does n't agree with it . 
  well if you want to break that law , you dont have 1000 ways of going about things . 
  you either agree and shut up ( and make you political party ) , you either move or you either break the law and congratz , jail awaits you . 
   now tell me more about this event 25 years ago that would have seen a franco-polish war . 
  but they want to introduce buses for long distances . 
  that 's nuts . 
  i at least know france was n't in nato for the majority of the last 50 years . 
  so attributing peace to nato is kinda pointless . 
  not to mention that programs like erasmus have had a muuuch larger influence on europeans than nato . 
   you justify them by demonstrating why they are damaging to society . 
  pretty sure 1939 showed why shouting `` kill the jews '' was harmful to society . 
   democracy and an open society it is an open society . 
  you are free to move out and go to a place that respects your values and ideas . 
  both the extreme left ** and ** extreme right have reached the conclusion that in society it 's okay to be an extremist and spew shit out of your mouth . 
  the far left because gee guys we 're all created equally and no culture is superior to another . 
  if you 're a canibalistic paedophile it 's okay , maaaan and the far right because hey freedooooom , openness . 
  if i can not insult others where is muh freedom . 
  in reality , no . 
  there is an hierarchy of values and ideas . 
  some ideas are bad and toxic . 
  some cultures are superior to others . 
  if you disagree , well tough cookies . 
  you either respect the law or you move out . 
  i attribute peace in our times in europe to the continued effort that the eu is while nato and un have different goals . 
  why would a french go kill some polish people nowadays for example ? 
  they 're too linked . 
  25 years ago that might not be the case , now it is . 
   you 'd be amazed how fast things can go south with the help of propaganda campaigns . 
  just look at the declarations concerning the refugee crisis in the balkans . . and do you see a war declaring ? 
  not to mention that france was n't even in nato since 1959/1966 up to 2008 . 
  thanks sarkozy, 
   the poor man thought he was in a free country so he made some comments on facebook in danish and spent 6 months in jail for it . 
  does it make it better that it 's in danish ? 
  austria is a free country . 
  if you have a nazi ideology , europe is not a very welcoming ground . 
  the vast vast majority of europeans do n't understand why shouting `` kill the jews '' is helpful to society . 
  they can not see any benefits related to it . 
  myself included . 
  they want to add more buses while also reducing the death tolls on the road ... makes perfect sense / s, 
   with 2 ( great looking ) resumee students from ges do very well , they never pose any problems and do just as well as natives . 
   and do it with a big company so the ones that will hire usually only the very best ... okaaay . 
  i see that not helping random ahmed from clichy . 
   . i 'm not calling you a racist because it 's not racist . 
  the larger amount of anti-semitic incidents , of rebellion after ch and others tend to be from a certain fringe of the population . 
  am i wrong ? 
  i 'm open to all kinds of statistics . 
   . generalizing everyone as let 's say `` slow and uneducated '' yeah people who think ch deserved it are not some beacons of supreme intelligence . 
  heck do statistics by education . 
  i have the impression is strongly correlates . 
  and the dumbos that also think ch was deserved also tend to be the more like to have difficulties finding jobs . 
  and then they want equality . 
  good luck with that ...
