  i do n't know how syrian refugees are , but i 'm kinda sure these arent they ', 
   the way they 've rewarded palestinian incitement and terrorism suggests otherwise . 
  palestine deserves a state . 
  other issues are other issues . 
  how does one import anti-semitic people ? 
  do you get them in a box ? 
  by fedex ? 
  what 's the vat on anti-semitic people ? 
  heck you can ask people : so do you wan na hate on the jewish ? 
  what stops them from saying neah i love them . 
  people can lie , i know shocker ... 
   and when that state attacks israel and kills its citizens en masse ? 
  palestine didnt attack en masse israel because palestine simply does not exist . 
   proving oneself capable of not murdering your neighbors in the street due to a mosque would go a long way to justifying the existence of a palestinian state . 
  dude , israel politicians pride themselves for killing arabs . 
  lets face it . 
  it 's a shithole . 
  israel and palestina deserve each other so much . 
  just like france and germany deserved each other so much during 200 years . 
  but they fucking grew up and said okay maybe it 's time to let bygones be bygones . 
  or dont . 
  i dont care if israelis kill palestinians and palestinians kill israelis . 
   i would not ever support what the nsdap or hitler did to innocent people . 
  you forgot to add what horthy , the hungarian govt and by extension the hungarian people did to innocent people ( jewish , gypsies and others ) . 
  lets not say hitler did it and ignore the responsabilities of others . 
   the reality is the majority , i repeat , the majority of gipsies ( an ethnicity more properly called roma ) do n't want to either integrate nor assimilate into the mainstream society of their host country . 
  for centuries it has been a stygma to call yourself gypsy . 
  and now we 're amazed that no one who 's successful would declare himself gypsy . 
  wow much surprise . 
  how do you estimate the number of gypsies that did assimilate and integrate into society . 
  like i 've said , if you have a gypsy grandparent , it 's impossible to tell by your physical appearance . 
  hungarians , much like other non-slav ees are n't blue eyed blondes . 
  by following the genealogical tree of some important people , we can notice estimate that they had gypsy grandparents ( like i 've said romanian prez and pm ) but how do you determine if some gypsy didnt marry a native 300 years ago ? 
  your argument that the majority does not want to integrate simply can not be backed for those reasons . 
   as for ethnically construed prosperous nations , cue japan you mean the country where you 're forced to appologise to your employer if you get pregnant and in the ranking of male-female equality they 're about at the level 110 ( below tajikistan ) . 
  japan the country that committed crimes worse than the nazis , never had a denazification and now pms would go to present homage at the shrine of war criminals ? 
  that japan ? 
  just because they make cheap cars and good games i have to praise the japanese society and how messed up it is ? 
  what next ? 
  in a few years china will be the main economic superpower . 
  does that mean a one party non-democratic system is the ideal way to live ? 
   http://www.lindependant.fr/2015/02/23/le-fn-pas-frequentable-mais-marine-le-pen-irreprochable-selon-roger-cuckierman-president-du-crif,1995296.php the president of the jewish council declared that while fn is still nasty , marine le pen was irreprochable . 
  so that extreme right party is ruled by an ideal leader so what source do you have for :  but one should n't ignore right-wing attacks on jews which are on the rise , especially in france not to mention that it 's again sad to equate extreme right = all of europe since your statement did go say that europe is anti-semitic . 
   . believing that , as palestinians do , evil jews want to get rid or destroy al-aqsa based on no evidence whatsoever falls quite well in line in the antisemitic tradition of accusing jews of whatever evil is around . 
  is that what the french diplomacy said ? 
  you are finding conspiracies everywhere man . 
  you are implying some things then other things . 
  us europeans think the two state solution is an ideal . 
  so al aqsa being slowly given to the muslims does n't shock me thaaaat much . 
  seems consistent with that line of thinking imho . 
   most gipsies have no intention to `` be like '' non-gipsy hungarians . 
  orly ? 
  and what 's a gypsy ? 
  you finally make some sense about race being a retarded concept but you refuse to relent on the gypsy issue . 
  if janos had a gypsy grandparent how could you tell ? 
  are there any signs ? 
  nope not at all . 
  the fact that romania has a recent president that had gypsy roots and a pm that also had gypsy roots kinda discredits your idea that gypsies refuse to integrate . 
   . if you know european history , you know that ee and ce people made history wih empires and kingdoms in the past . 
  yes . 
  with its dying breath , the corpse of the austrian empire tried to resuscitate to become the ah empire . 
  of course you can not build empires on the subjugation of people and it died a timely and well deserved death . 
  and ever since , the drunk hungarian will mention trianon ... trianon . 
  speaking of trianon , you should visit versailles . 
  it 's a lovely place . 
  i gave the example of the jewish because what we say now about the gypsies has been said aboit the jewish . 
  they refuse to integrate , the refuse to be a part , they 're their own society in a society . 
  but the jewish produced the most important hungarians ( von neumann , teller and erdos - okay erdos was actually culturally part of hungary so i 'll give you that ) . 
  so suddenly all jewish hungarians are very much hungarian . 
  kinda too late to save several hundreds of thousands thought . 
  thanks horthy, 
   on top of that , the french government suggested an international commission taking over the al-aqsa mosque , implying that the palestinians false claim that israel is trying to change the status quo at the mosque is true and needs to be taken seriously by the international community . 
  how 's that anti-semitic ? 
  i 'm starting to think you do n't know what anti-semitism is . 
  for example , 40 % of germans believe that israel is trying to do the same thing with palestinians as nazis tried with jews . 
  again you dont understand the definition of anti-semitism . 
   . plus jews are 10 times more likely to be victims of hatecrimes than muslims . 
  finally . 
  something real and cause for worry . 
  can you see what group of people is the lost likely to commit anti-semitic acts please ? 
  thanks ... 
  what 's the bbc article ? 
  from the title it seem clear that an arab was shot dead after stabbing 2 people . 
  honestly , i have only read bits and parts and i know that palestineans are stabbing israelis . 
  a palestinian stabbed a soldier and was shot dead in hebron . . that 's news . 
  how are news anti-semitic , ey ? 
  same le monde article says hamas was praising the attacks and that we had to wait until the 16th for abbas to condemn the attacks . 
  maybe european media = / = bbc ? 
  or i dont know because i didnt read bbc so i dont understand the problem . 
  dont you feel that you exaggerated calling all media anti-semitic if your view only concerns bbc ? 
  and some reportedly germans news papers ? 
   no , not because of that , but because of deliberately destorting the reality of the stabbings that are currently going on . 
  well give examples . 
   it 's really being disingenuous to say that the thousands who were killed over the centuries were victims of a `` mild ban '' . 
  dude , that 's xtians rewriting history . 
  nero 's persecution was n't even half as bad . 
   prior to 64 ad , there is no evidence for action taken by the roman government against christians , and after that episode under nero , no further evidence for anti-christian policies against christians until 250 ad . 
  in 250 ad , the emperor decius issued a decree requiring public sacrifice , a formality equivalent to a testimonial of allegiance to the emperor and the established order . 
  there is no evidence that the decree was intended to target christians but was intended as a form of loyalty oath . 
  so between nero and until 240 nothing happened .
