  it 's proping up the prices of financial assets that basically are worthless ... 
   there 's a reason why countries try to avoid a default . 
  a default comes with a lot more problems than troika style austerity . 
  especially if you import twice the amount you export . 
  yeah . 
  argentina had a default in 2004 . 
  and of course it took a long time to fix their problems but hell , they 're getting fixed and things are getting better there . 
  can we say when things will get better in greece ? 
   and that 's why poorer ee people are reluctant when they hear about debt relief for grece . 
  i doubt romania owns a lot of greek debt or even ee . 
  thomas piketty said it best :  the way the current system works : you take all the finance ministers and you put them in a room behind closed doors . 
  at midnight they 'll come out saying they saved europe for the 17th time but the next day when you ask them ... they 'll be again not sure about what they decided . 
   if compared what eastern europe been thru in the 90s , yours is not crisis . 
  this is not a competition . 
   so excuse me , but i say you complain a lot cause the state spoiled you in the last decades . 
  get off your high horse buddy . 
   saying that the state produces nothing is a blatant lie . 
  / u/gaudeamuss is right . 
  case in point : he is the result of public schooling . 
   hey , who am i to talk . 
  yes . 
  we are we french and germans to talk . 
  we made money out of the greek debt :d, 
   i think french universities should do the same thing too . 
  sorbonne has a campus in abu-dhabi which is doing well but has received certain controversies over the location . 
  french ges are already doing this . 
  concerning french unis ... the budgets are already stretched thinner than marmalade and i 'm pretty sure students wo n't want to pay higher tuition fees just so unis can have campuses outside . 
   that voted for the far left last year that 's not at all unusual to swing from far left to far right . 
  france has about 8 % muslims not 12 % https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_by_country, 
   he also touched on muslims being 12 % of france 's population where the hell did he get those numbers ? 
  you guys are being intentionally retarded i 'm convinced . 
  pretty much how the world reacted when we found out trump was elected . 
  why are you getting downvoted to hell ? 
  probably the single strategy that remains ... simply stop reporting on trump . 
  yeah yeah , leader of the free world ... who gives a shit . 
  i do n't see merkel or xi jinping everyday on tv . 
  fox news is based in sweden . 
  til italy is not in europe . 
   humanitarianism and solidarity , even a limited one ( what 's 16 000 people in a 40,000,000 spain ) , is out , buddy , its hail victory-hail our people era now . 
  according to the article , 160000 were protesting . 
  if every 10 protesters take in 1 refugee , the problem would be quickly solved . 
   all of this seems weirder with the viral youtube vids exposing agencys gaming the reddit vote system for porpuses like political campain , ads for companies or famous people trying to hide stuff . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjlsfnqejp8 yes , i 'm sure russian really give a crap about / r/europe  ) ), 
  the kid seemed like trapped in that condition . 
  never really enjoyed the cartoons because of that . 
  yeah but italy has way way better food for the same pricepoint ... and now i miss italy : /, 
  yeah but claiming that she 's sort of trump on roids when the valls govt already used this abusive tool and they extended it time and time again , is highly disingenious . 
  i love the rooftop . 
  so they 're playing good cop bad cop ? 
   comparing her to trump is an insult to trump not really no . 
  france is in a state of emergency and public gathering can be forbidden in such a situation , that 's what she 's saying . 
  the govt already did it in 2015 during the cop21 . 
  they 'll headbutt him ? 
   croissant do germans not know the shape of a croissant ? 
  hint : comes from crescent ... 
  that 's some / r/evilbuildings right there at the left . 
  the current line makes a friggin u shape so the people in the old center and towards the north of that have access to something but for anyone else there 's nothing . 
  if you do n't mind that it 's full of old people and that buses stop at 8 . 
  they 're building a tram line though . 
   after which french colonists were forced to leave . 
  so you 're ready to purge the people [ that helped the occupation forces and remained ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harki#after_the_war ), 
   and that itself is not a reason to `` hate '' them , the problem is that most of them are loyal to russia , and not the country they are living and were born in , at least not when the two are at odds i do not know how you define loyalty but having rosy tinted glasses for the country your family came from is not exactly an exceptional phenomenon . 
  probably not similar but quite a few franco-portuguese were rooting for portugal even though they grew up and lived their life in france . 
  who knows how many would swing in a franco-portuguese war for example . 
  you sound upset and salty . 
  that 's no bueno buddy . 
  got ta keep that blood pressure down . 
   yes they saved us from communism . 
  heck probably yugoslavia saved you from communism . 
  too big . 
  i 'm sure they feel right at home when a fellow citizen says they 're too many of them . 
  good neighbors all around . 
   make sure to tell your biracial grandson jammal hello for me will do . 
   in fact pretty much everyone would benefit if history was being written a little less vigorously in the east , particularly in the 20th century . 
  in the east sure , by the east not really . 
   eu - project pushed by americans to stop germany from starting new wars or controlling europe , also good for europe economically , as it was trade agreement at the beginning . 
  yeah . 
  it 's totally obvious to unite to enemies that hated each other so deeply . 
  see for example the balkans . 
  and a germany cut on tiny bits was so capable of starting wars against nuclear powers . 
   germany taking refugees - a stupid way to pump up demographic statistics , as germany will start loosing workforce in next years . 
  yeah ... sure that 's it . 
  same for the bosnians it took in the 90s . 
  it 's all a huge ploy to prop their population . 
  lol  brexit - angry voice of common people , so not necessarily very smart . 
  bad example for a way western europe influences world . 
  seems like it changed a great deal of many things and it showed guts to write history . 
  awesome analysis . 
   i think west does it all for power , influence , money - self interest . 
  well the project for the eu ... uniting two strong enemies . 
  or germany taking in 1 . smth million refugees , or heck even brexit ... those are n't exactly power and influence projects . 
  not a ton of money will be made from brexit . 
  just people having the guts to make significant changes . 
   are you going to tell me she is the parti socialiste candidate ? 
  if you know jack shit about french politics except regular stereotypes why talk ? 
   the trump family is not a family of fascists , ivanka has become a jew and is raising jew children and they 're all brilliant entrepreneurs . 
  you know very well that marine le pen has problems with her niece and her dad . 
  and the one with traction is marine le pen . 
  le pen is n't a fascist .
