   to be frank , i would n't be against some limitations on labour from ee to richer western nations . 
  you should go see a doctor . 
  you forget the statements you wrote 1 hour ago . 
  and you dare play the intellectually dishonest card . 
  you fucking said it , own up to it . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/datablog/2015/jun/11/ukip-europe-laziest-party-parliament the party that misses the most votes . 
   but that 's okay cuz he made one speech ... right ? 
  i understand better how and why the uk voted this way . 
  but i wo n't complain.france benefitted from this vote . 
   but considering how hostile your country is , i 'm not sure your people are on board . 
  yes the french are hostile to the ** current form ** the eu has taken . 
  big surprise there . 
  do you want to maintain the eu as is ? 
  hollande did push for some sort of european debt but germany being fiscally conservative , declined . 
   but many of those in the east have a tfr of 1.2 to 1.4 that is extremely low and crippling if you add mass-scale emigration on top of it . 
  so let 's forbid people making a better life for themselves . 
  wtf is this ? 
  the swedes mass emigrated to the us in the 1800s and you survived . 
  let people do what they want to do . 
  the vast majority of eastern european citizens voted for the eu because of freedom of movement which they did n't have during communist regimes . 
  if you want to retract that promise , you 'd have better luck removing your country from the eu . 
  if you do n't believe me , go to eastern european states and tell them :  i wan na remove rights from you ... but it 's for your own good . 
  trust me !, 
  and come back so we can see how successful you were . 
   telling it like it is . 
  how ? 
  he was n't even there to tell it ... 
  their eu commissioner just resigned . 
  full member is starting to become a relative term . 
  aww . 
  that 's cute the classical argument . 
  but spain will veto !, 
  no , spain said it will veto if scotland exits unilaterally . 
  that is no the case since scotland will have a referendum that england will recognise . 
  okay . 
  so lets make a fiscal union . 
  if you want to restrict foreign workers on your territory , i 'd recommend you try a swedish eu exit referendum . 
  because otherwise , it 's not going to happen . 
   , to compare the two is fundamentally naive just as it is completely naive to want freedom of capital but not freedom of movement . 
  even adam smith said it wo n't work if you block workers to move from one region that is poor to a region that is rich . 
  you 'll just create more imbalances . 
  we 'll come out again when the scots will leave you bunch , 
   lithuania for instance has lost 30 % of its population due to emigration . 
  do you also favour limitation of labour of swedes from certain areas of sweden that want to work in different areas ? 
  because look how fast housing costs are rising in stockholm . 
   more like at least 2.5 years we do n't know how long it will take . 
  2.5 years is the maximum but even that maximum is extremely short in terms of studies . 
  now all 2nd-3rd-4th year foreign students are shitting their pants not knowing what will happen . 
   because i 'm done with presenting facts and arguments to people who only shout racist then dont talk on reddit or go somewhere else because people here in general want discussions with facts not shit slinging like you 're doing . 
   either wait till the entire process is finished or shut up about it . 
  wow.such a rebel you . 
  i 'm sure you 're working in british academia and you know what will happen exactly . 
  right ? 
  you can prove a researcher that most likely participated in writing tens of funding requests . 
  right ? 
  unlike you , people in academia generally know what the impact will be quite quickly ... and it will be bad . 
  a lot of eu students that were hoping to do a phd in the uk will have to leave . 
  uk also attracts a lot of eu funding ... which wo n't be given . 
  i 'm french . 
  the reason why you 're no longer a british colony , 
  on / r/europe  usd now what 's a pretty dame like you doing in a place like this . 
   french government is not interesting for us any more . 
   oh i already know some quick decisions . 
  euro clearing houses ? 
  they 'll move back home . 
  airbus uk ? 
  say buh bye to it  and i hope you wont get a nasty hair cut that 'll see scotland in the eu and out of uk . 
  your flag will be looking mighty bland . 
   you need to understand that what politicians say because it 's politically expedient and what they actually do are very very different things . 
  you also need to understand that even before the ref , juncker , schauble , macron were shitting on you guys with no political backlash from their home countries whatsoever . 
  that should give you a hint about the future . 
   childish reactions would hurt yourselves too . 
  yeah . 
  can we haz the euro clearing houses back ? 
  thanks . 
  frankfurt will appreciate it  you do n't have the political leverage you think you do simply because europeans stopped giving a crap about you guys :d, 
   you export more to us than we do to you . 
  i love how you use the : `` we do n't really make anything , we just buy from you guys '' argument in your favor . 
   bbc title is stupid clickbait . 
  this is a very serious and will be treated as such . 
  yeah but the french goverment wants you to start the procedures for leaving as soon as possible . 
  sorry buddy ... 
   or in the colonies ( algerian war ) to be fair , he was given a shit situation by the previous government . 
  he had to manage an utter shit show , terrorist attacks on his life , a putsch by the army , a decolonisation and still came up on top . 
  with the level of the british pound , i can throw a few euro cents your way . 
  gim me one quote about  big happy family from a major european politician . 
  this would be an example of an undecidable problem . 
   the eu talks about peace , community , and unity like one big happy family . 
  what is this ? 
  are you 5 years old ? 
   it 's not , you 're paying # 350m , but you 're receiving roughly # 162m back , so it 's not a lie you 're a special kind of special are n't you ? 
  not exactly . 
  they were the baby boomers . 
  the numbers meant they ruled at every stage . 
  they had free love , free sex , free drugs . 
  you get war on drugs there , we get `` get off your ass and find a job that pays shit , you lousy bum '' attitudes here . 
   golden dawn , cough cough 7 % of votes ? 
  in the context greece is now ? 
  if france were in greece 's shoes we 'd have left europe 5 years ago . 
  and started a colonial war to get some money .
