  hooray . 
   no french director is as recognizable i kinda believe luc besson ( leon , 5th element ) is well know , pierre morel 's taken is well known too . 
  i kinda think more people have watched taken than the combined work of bergman . 
  but then again luc besson is just american fluff ...  they have dozens of bands known globally how many have globally known songs in swedish ? 
  how many things have i learnt about the swedish society from abba or the cardigans ? 
  heck there 're good french artists too : martin solveig , guetta , bob sinclair , daft punk ... big fuckin whoop . 
  they could be dutch , brits or americans for all i care . 
  nothing standing out as being french . 
   prefacing a racist statement are swedish a different race ? 
  blue eyed blondes ? 
  duude not cool ... thought those ideas died out in the mid 40s . 
  is it false to claim that people buy cartier and chanel because they have a french style , gucci and ferrari because there 's an italian charm , and volvo because well the swedes build safe cars ? 
  the american culture is much well known than the french it is more attractive . 
  is that positive discrimination ? 
  well why are we talking about katyn ? 
  i just simply find it dishonest to hear a romanian bitch about `` multiculturalism '' and especially islam . 
  fuck dude , what do you know about that ? 
  and dont tell me about that the 3 peaceful muslims living in the south east or that one syrian med student from 78 or whatever . 
   that 's pretty anti-gay within french legal framework , is n't it ? 
  yeah it 's not gay friendly but it 's not homophobic . 
  which is against the law , we have laws against homophobia while ukraine does n't . 
   but calling us as bad as russia is just a little bit ignorant . 
  thats not my point . 
  if you wan na rank though , you are free to . 
  so the us put torture prisons in poland , because katyn ? 
  seems too speculative the article :  as u.s. and nato records indicate , the thoroughly planned soviet attack would have resulted in western military commitment and almost certainly nuclear response . 
   any nato defense of yugoslavia would require nuclear backing to be viable sounds more like a : yeah if this would have happened then that would have and then booom . 
  it 's just about as close to ww3 as [ operation unthinkable ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_unthinkable ) . 
  just some generals getting bored and planning stuff cuz hey dreaming is free . 
  the guy was talking about religion and multiculturalism ... a person of a difference race isnt of a different culture . 
  a person of a different religion is . 
   you wo n't see religious tensions in romania because we hardly give a damn about them . 
  oh yes . 
  the unitarian and orthodox churches love each other ... 
  oh that 's classic russian invasion . 
  note they have govts in : trans-dnister republic , in abkzhazia , in ossetia , in the separatists ukranian east . 
  thats their usual tactic , the get a small group of people , arm them to the teeth , they declare independence from the original state and demand that mother russia come save them . 
  that 's the russian modus operandi . 
  they could have arms the communist yugoslav party , have it declare independence , boom invasion . 
  so why didnt the afghanistan invasion cause a ww3 ? 
  i would wish more sources for such an exceptional claim . 
  also the us did invade a few communist leaning countries and that didnt start a ww3 . 
   not ok but not nearly on the same level as you implied . 
  ah ... strawman right here . 
  you are the one that brings stalin into this convo only to say hey what the us did was better than stalin and that i implied something . 
  poland accepted cia torture camps on its soil which is a crime against humanity . 
  others did crimes against humanity , which it was . 
  but i 'm talking about 2003 not 1953 . 
  yeah , but without offending , sweden is n't particularly known for its culture . 
  france does this because it thinks it 's culture is something worth protecting . 
  i dont know swedish radios , but i do know people that study in sweden . 
  heck you can very easily do masters or phd degrees in sweden without speaking the language . 
  that 's fine but in france , hey if you visit you got ta make an effort you know ... to each their own . 
  exactly . 
  it was neutral , not under us or nato protection . 
  why would that mean ww3 . 
  who had yugoslavia 's back ? 
   in that the left are more likely to be put off by rain than the right ? 
  so the left are waiting for global warming ? 
  so cia unsanctioned torture is okay because stalin ? 
  stop the nationalistic propaganda, 
   but when we talk about criticism , i 'm more interested what journalists say , not some hypocritical politicians , they are all liars . 
  the problem is that the policy makers are the politicians . 
  they decide what war will happen and where , they slice and dice . 
  not the journalists : /  obama is supporting murderers and putin is supporting murderers and obama and his friends will say putin 's murderers are the worst while putin and his friends will say obama 's are the worst ... who gives a fuck about normal people ? 
  no one . 
  1.7 million views from a video uploaded in 2007 ? 
  i wont call that major hit . 
  maybe in sweden , but not world wide . 
  so stalinist russia is your measure of comparison ? 
  how about higher standards ? 
   were n't they taking part in la manif pour tous demos a year before ? 
  it was against calling gay unions , marriage . 
  gay couples had the pacs before that basically gave them the same rights ( well now gay couples can also adopt ) . 
  i 'm sure we can agree that there 's a difference between being against gay marriage and being a homophobe . 
  i also am sure we can agree that homosexuality is much much more accepted in france compared to ukraine . 
  the police in france will actually protect you instead of saying welp nuttin we can do guys ... 
  if you dislike my comment , down vote and move on ... 
   that are vehemently anti-gay despite marine 's efforts . 
  again i wan na see some anti gay comments from marion and from collard . 
   is not the same as ` russia strikes in syria strengthen is definition : : to make ( someone or something ) stronger , more forceful , more effective , etc. 
  : to become stronger , more forceful , more effective , etc. 
  russia is making isis stronger but turkey bombing the friggin kurds the only people that did anything , isnt ? 
  what about qatar ? 
  splitting hairs much ? 
   multiculti utopia and then proceed to masturbate to how diverse , generous and accepting we are , until it becomes haram . 
  dude , 80 % of romanians declare they 're orthodox ( add the catholics and unitarians and you arrive are the whopping 99 % christian ) it rocks # 1 in terms of christian countries ( that have at least 10 million xtians ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity_by_country#countries_by_highest_percentage_of_the_population_that_is_christian_with_at_least_10_million_christians you can live in certain huge parts of romania ( moldavia for example ) and not see any black or browns for yeaaaars . 
  i 'm not saying that there 's no culture/religion problems in other countries , but romania is like the least affected of them all . 
  why are you jumping on that bandwagon ? 
   http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34431027 barack obama : ` russia strikes in syria strengthen is ', 
   http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34431027 barack obama : ` russia strikes in syria strengthen is ', 
  well like with any topic , a majority of people wont give a crap about this topic . 
  the apathic majority has to be coaxed into realising hey it 's not cool to beat on homosexuals . 
  by turning it into a political issue , you 've lost . 
  even when people are shitbags , they dont like being told that . 
  pointing fingers wont help because they 'll start saying what about ksa ? 
  france . 
  go find some dude in the parlament that thinks homosexuality should be banned . 
  by obama ? 
  lets see a quote :  `` well , we 've discussed with the turks our strong view that isil '' -- the name the white house uses for the islamic state -- `` poses the largest threat to the region and we have to stay focused , [ and our view ] that to the extent the pkk engages in attacks against turkish targets , ** it is legitimate for the turks to try to defend themselves ** '',
