  i dont know man : /, 
  he was an apprentice to be a jedi master at that time . 
  at least they make good speeches unlike trump . 
   but that way half the countries would leave prove it . 
   i do n't hear similar things said about france and they 've passed similar legislation to the bill our government is struggling to pass . 
  our heads of state dont declare that software should have backdoors my friend :p, 
   it 's daft comments like yours that push brexit closer . 
  yeah cuz uk follows what / u/xasdyasd says or / r/europe . 
  are n't you a bit too melodramatic for a brit ? 
  they 're losing ground so yeah . 
   our options are either diplomacy , or just ignoring them . 
  you should look at joining trump 's campaign . 
  only he is so categorical . 
   three indoor toilets . 
  look at mr moneybags here . 
  have you ever been to chile ? 
  then dont comment, 
   chile 's relationship with the us is ridiculous indeed the us were far more involved in chile than the eu has ever been involved in ukraine . 
  i 'll give you that . 
   work 35 hours per week , and that some can even retire at 62 ... 
  they 'll survive :  http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/dec/08/europe-working-hours country all in employment full-time employment productivity index per hour worked ( eu = 100 ) france 38 41.1 132.7 germany 35.6 42 123.7 but hey , propaganda ... 
  hence a smaller union focused around the original 6, 
  unless you write shorter replies , i can not answer all you comments . 
   this is the beauty of the us . 
   both same goes for the eu . 
  both italian and french cuisine are european . 
  and german and everything . 
   you claim there is a european identity - - but you speak to me in english knowing an american will likely not be fluent in french . 
  again to talk to the swiss . 
  language is a non problem . 
   you can tell them both that the us has just been attacked at pearl harbor with thousands dead and you will invoke their identity as americans now ask 'em obama wants to remove gun ownership . 
  will they feel american then ? 
  look at the oregon attack on that federal building . 
  what are those people ? 
   what is it about ukrainians that means they are n't european ? 
  what 's it about chileans that doesnt make them americans ? 
   ardent lovers of a european identity that 's the problem i see . 
  you 're american . 
  how any objects do you own with the american flag ? 
  how many times a year do you wave it ? 
  now ask an italian , a french , a german . 
  i have 2 passport , i dont have 2 flags . 
  heck i never owned two flags and id be hard pressed to find people that own a flag . 
  we construct our identity differently . 
  70 years ago , we wanted to kill each other , now we want to share more power . 
   and will the uk and poland be adopting them anytime soon ? 
   the swedes ? 
  the romanians ? 
  edit : like i said and you refuse to acknowledge , we think a smaller europe is in order . 
  after the election results in 2012 , hollande went to visit merkel in germany a week after elections did obama go visit any head of state a week after his election ? 
  but he has a pony tail . 
   who are the `` european '' generals ? 
  who are the singaporean generals . 
  we can build a collective conscience outside of war . 
  we dont have to constantly think of war . 
   where was the `` european '' nation founded ? 
  when ? 
  [ here ? 
  ] ( https://www.ina.fr/video/i00012031 ) it 's kinda joking but that 's a powerful symbol . 
   what is the `` european '' language , and what are some `` european '' customs ? 
  what does `` european '' architecture look like ? 
  what does `` european '' music sound like ? 
  gothic architecture , classical music , etc. 
  these are not french , german or whatever . 
  they are common to all of us . 
   there is no european culture , no european identity . 
  how old are you ? 
  old enough to remember the times when we wanted to kill the germans ? 
  the european identity is constructed now . 
  the core should be the founding 6 states . 
  we should let populations mingle , move about . 
  marry outside of their borders . 
  it 'll take a bit , but it will have to happen eventually . 
   what language would they even speak to accept such a situation , and conduct affairs ? 
  ask the swiss . 
  they 've got 3 . 
   i 'm an american , and this is america . 
  what is america ? 
  alabama or ny ? 
  kkk or mlk ? 
  you created you state , you destroyed some things ( all those german speakers that are no more ) to create new things . 
  this is happening in europe . 
  it happens from the top down and from the bottom up . 
  i live in a region where a lot of people have italian roots and italian names . 
  move to alsace you 'll see german roots and german names . 
  we move about and dont feel like we 're in such foreign places . 
  we 're constructing a european identity through our exchange programs for students ( erasmus ) . 
  at my engineering school every student had to go at least one semester abroad . 
  400 students . 
  i myself hold 2 eu citizenships . 
  symbols create slowly but they 're there . 
  we have a 15 old currency and honestly we cant remember the days when we had to check exchange rates to go to italy , spain or germany . 
   i do n't have to have any sort of national id card , there are no closed borders ; i just have to show i 'm legally driving a vehicle according to any of the 50 states and that i 'm willing to pay whatever toll there is to maintain a bridge or overpass , and i can go in between whatever damn states i want . 
  same for the eu ;, 
  maybe you should call your mother more often . 
  tell her how you 're doing , ey ? 
  it 's like we forced you to join the eu . 
  until there 's a european federation , similar to the us ( with a federal police , one single eu army , one single eu intelligence service , one single eu asylum system - when i say eu smth i mean some central eu organisation controls that smth ) , one can not talk about open borders . 
  we 've put the carriage in front of the horse . 
  good luck russia !,
