  the unabomber ? 
  hey paris is ours . 
  you ca n't call your country that . 
  is n't that how we usually call them ? 
  on the news that 's how they say it . 
  malouines rolls off the tongue , falklands just sounds weird . 
  plus the exocet were a sufficient jab :p, 
  areva was a disaster created by the arrogance of the french political elite . 
  sorry man . 
  i 'm sorry you had to suffer from that . 
  areva was a disaster of french politcs and it 's good that it failed . 
  basiiiiiiiiiiiiiil !!!!, 
  remember , it 's the fault of the romanians . 
  got ta shit on the workers man . 
  not the big wigs that made this possible . 
   nuclear power plant in finland got paid two euros per hour . 
  only the very best for security . 
  please tell me it 's the areva power plant . 
   the reason for successive greek government 's attitudes to this is similar to why argentina rattles on about the falklands , i mean what would happen if someone would interview the bnp and call them the malvinas . 
   is a lot like the algerians in france , they never feel like true citizens of the country so their `` allegiance '' will always be to the mother land yeah , i doubt they have any harkis amongst the russians, 
   he published the name and details of the terrorist . 
  was n't that already publicly available information ? 
  eh , if it were n't for khrushchev we 'd probably still have crazy ass french communists claiming how great stailin was . 
  there probably still are some , but none dares to show their stupidity . 
  is that supposed to be a horrible sign of evil russia being evil ? 
  are we supposed to revile stalin and burn down all images of him ? 
  the people stalin fucked up the most were the russians . 
  but hey , you do you buddy . 
  do people still see charles martel as some dude fighting arab invasions ? 
  he was just as happy to kill christians like destroying nimes . 
  plus the whole tours battle seems to be overestimated in importance . 
  why not south africa too . 
  such a good legacy . 
   difference is that poland is n't a german speaking country you sure you are n't russian . 
  cuz that 's the speech we 're hearing : east ukraine speaks russian . 
  it should go to russia therefore . 
  but trump has a hot wife . 
  wilder 's is more eh . 
  [ scary ? 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/geert_wilders#/media/file%3ageert_wilders_op_prinsjesdag_2014.jpg ), 
   cause major problems . 
  and the safety features worked by shutting down the reactor . 
   i mean , it 's hardly the pacific rim , lets see . 
   magnitude 4.7 , dude 4.7 is nothing . 
  ** nothing ** . 
  take romania and the vrancea area . 
  * 1940 : 7.7 richter * 1977 : 7.2 richter scale * 1986 : 7.1 richter scale romania built a plant 150 km from the epicentre . 
  are we expecting a tsunami in the alsace ? 
  and he 's a french president . 
  the highest office one can hold in the country . 
  i did n't even mention regular politicians , pms etc. 
  those are all vge :p, 
  :d trying to plead for them to open the borders huh ? 
  but any of their policies ? 
  eh ... kissinger . 
  heck , arafat got a nobel prize . 
  obama is hardly a warmongerer . 
  quite the opposite in fact . 
   and genscher . 
  fischer i just know that he has a silly nick-name . 
  brandt too . 
  i do n't know anything about their politics . 
  saying people will remember them is like saying people will remember giscard d'estaing and pompidou . 
  nobody remembers those people outside of france . 
  but lets hope they did n't take the air max 's out . 
  that would be a severe blow to the organisation . 
  they since they 're made of wood , they are undetectable to radar . 
  building a stealth armada , good for you . 
  i have the impression once some countries will become net contributors , they 'll start wondering why they 're in the eu . 
  hey they built a wall and they made the germans pay for it . 
   france should n't be letting them cross anyway . 
  why ? 
  if an illegal immigrant comes on your soil and wants to leave after , do you stop him ? 
  how does that contradict what i 'm saying ? 
  those 3 refugees that got into france would n't have done anything had it not been for the molenbeek people . 
  / r/watcheudie, 
  gon na be one interesting summer . 
   form cells to be activated at a favorable time . 
  unless they form around citizens that already live in that country , i doubt this is actually real . 
  that 's great news . 
   luckily polls put hilary well ahead of trump in an election ( granted things can change ) really ? 
  http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/2016-general-election-trump-vs-clinton http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton-5491.html 5 percentage points : s i hope she wins . 
  i get some reddit gold if she does . 
  do n't forget to vote man . 
  according to your desires . 
  but remember , if i lose my gold , it 's your fault , you dick . 
   i would say i ca n't see him even winning the nomination no way man . 
  he 's got the nomination . 
  it 's the last call of the crazies . 
  they wo n't matter politically any more after this year . 
  darn it feels good when russia is burning up.it 's quite satisfying . 
  if trump does n't win the presidential election , we might have 4 relatively peaceful years at least : o, 
   he would rather sacrifice the whole russian population and send them to the poverty , according to the many on / r/europe that 's proof how good of a politician he is . 
   shale is only profitable at a much higher price point than it is now . 
  so it ca n't drop to where it is today via a surplus of shale oil . 
  the majority of us shale oil companies make a profit at 80 dollars . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-10-17/oil-is-cheap-but-not-so-cheap-that-americans-won-t-profit-from-it.html the russian govt budget breaks even at 82 . http://www.reuters.com/article/russia-budget-idusr4n14h01020160113 russia 's gon na have a bad time . 
  nope , if you murder him , you should n't go to jail cuz oj did n't go to jail . 
  yes an 81 yo dude it the cause of a decade long rape ... 
  yes .
