  it 's fucking annoying . 
  praying for paris wont do shit ( except it 'll get you mocked by charlie hebdo sooner or later ) unless you 're a politician with some sway , there 's jackshit you can do about the paris attacks , about the russian strike , about beirut . 
  and if you think any sane french , russian or lebanese cares what meme or fb post you come up with , or what little light effect you come up with , you must be out of your mind . 
  what we care about is to not have these things happen again . 
  we want political ( and if needed military ) action to no longer have these attacks happen . 
  but as a french , what irks me is the dumbass neo-hippy borderline hipster train of thought : ** wont somebody please think of the children . 
  and it was all because they 're not in schengen . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ pushing ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ agenda . 
   did you state that the problem lies within islam as an ideology yes that is my postulate . 
  islam has the concept of ummah . 
  why would a frenchman with algerian roots pick up a gun and start shooting people for syria ? 
  a country they have no personal ties with and no connection with ? 
  ukraine is christian orthodox running to fight against one side or another . 
  during the chechen wars there was n't a mass of of romanians , polish , greeks going to fight on the xtian side against the muslims . 
  and no , it 's not just about 2000 french-born arabs fight for isis . 
  it 's about the many many at home that are anti-semitic because of what `` israel is doing to palestine '' . 
  the many that shouted `` death to israel '' during demonstrations in paris against the gaza bombing . 
  the 200 cases of students that did n't hold a moment of silence after the charlie hebdo `` because they insulted the prophet '' . 
  it 's very easy to say : it 's just the natives treating them poorly . 
  we found an excuse . 
  it 's perfect . 
  we can ignore wahhabism , we can ignore religious extremism , we can ignore sharia and it 's awful tennants , we can ignore that in islamic countries people have ideas that are 100-200 years old . 
  well stricto sensu , you can not commit a crime against humanity if what you did happened before the nurember trials because it was n't defined before . 
  if it is suspected that you want to leave france to commit a terrorist attack you can be banned from leaving the territory . 
  if you try to leave , you 'll be arrested . 
  do you really think people are dumb ? 
  gee you 're a radical islamist but you just went to syria on vacation ? 
  guess we 'll have to let you go since you 're just a regular law abiding citizen . 
   establishing an overall tolerance towards refugees and muslims in general is the best way to prevent radicalization of those . 
  that assumes tha terrorism is due to intolerance of natives . 
  lets find some examples : the gypsies , american blacks , native americans , all the other muslims that did integrate well . 
  these are people that do n't commit terrorist attacks . 
  the problem is an ideological one . 
  not an integration one . 
   we have to learn from the integration-mistakes to prevent this have you ever taught poor performing students ? 
  if they fail to understand a topic , you do * not * pile on material hoping they 'll learn and get better by themselves . 
  you stop everything . 
  and you redo everything point by point . 
  we wont become better at solving problems by making them more and more complicated when we could n't manage the simple ones . 
  though to play devil 's advocate : what do you expect them to do ? 
  admit they were wrong ? 
  they 're in the type of dynamics that forces them to go forward until they hit a brick wall . 
   shoot-to-kill policy what 's a better policy ? 
  shoot to maim ? 
  you should only point the gun at something you want to destroy . 
   based on what , bulky clothes ? 
  that and the ak 47 they 're carrying . 
  except very rare cases where mistakes happen ( and yes it 's sad that mistakes happen ) in most cases what happened had to happen . 
  did any terrorist surrender like brievik ? 
  yeah we were super close to germany up to 1914 . 
  ^ / s can we stop with the fatalism and strawmen ? 
  apparently any minor change to the status quo will lead to fascist states , or communist ones . 
  we 're paralysed by our own fear of change and trying new things . 
  that part is also a to ` gue in cheek :p . was it the hanged banker ? 
  you mean the :  hate preachers and inciters should face deportation or the loss of british nationality , as applicable . 
  it seems to say that of they have double citizenship , they 'll love the british one . 
  and once they lose that , you send them home . 
  pretty sure they come from countryies that are safe . 
  well many could be said . 
  but some interesting ones : the treatment of military during nuclear tests and the [ beryl incident ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/b\u00e9ryl_incident ) . 
  the most retarded one : the sinking of the rainbow warrior . 
  i was trying to find the country least likely to be involved in any rotten stuff . 
  maybe andorra ? 
  or vatican ? 
   humanity of my parent 's countries . 
  found the san mariner . 
  at least there 's the eu . 
  nato . 
  and you guys were out of schengen before it was cool . 
  or just say odds are the inverse of probabilities ? 
  congratulation . 
  so where will the euro 2016 take place ? ... france ? 
  welp . 
  you fail to understand that all terrorism is ideological and political . 
  you can not tell a poor person : come , if you kill yourself for this cause you will live better . 
  no matter how poor a person is , if there is no ideological desire to commit a terrorist attack , they wont . 
  go to eastern europe . 
  you 'll see people that have no running water and have to carry it by the bucket from a well 200-300m away from home . 
  they have no toilets , just holes in the ground with a wood stool structure above . 
  they cultivate their lands with horses . 
  they never left a 100 km area around their village that 's fucking shit ass poor . 
  yet they dont get the idea to commit terrorist attacks . 
  and they 've lived for 50 years in that situation poverty does not result into terrorism . 
  if you mean that , you 're saying poor people are more likely to be terrorists . 
  which i find so degrading , insulting and disgusting . 
  radicalised frenchmen that have no family in syria and no business . 
  uhm what proof do you need ? 
  footage with them decapitating kurds ? 
  and i 'm not saying she 's wrong . 
  of course she 's suffering and of course she has all the rights in the world to love her kid , no matter how much of a shithead they are . 
  what i 'm saying is that it 's stupid to come to the press and say the shithead did n't want to commit the attack . 
  from all the terrorists out there , i 'm pretty this guy was n't the first to have a mom . 
  yet , she 's the first mom that 's shouting : omg it was stress you guys , he did n't mean it . 
  and there are enough appologists that ca n't wait for declarations like these ones . 
  i 've seen on some french comments like how it was n't muslims , maybe the mossad planted it , the jewish tried to plant the passport . 
  it happened after the charlie hebdo , people saying it could n't be them cuz who leaves their id in the car ( that 's how the ch attacked were identified ) . 
  it 's simply unwise . 
  if you try to leave , you 'll be arrested . 
  some people were arrested . 
  http://m.huffpost.com/fr/entry/8573368 see that woman hanging by the window ?
