  you start wondering ... who the heck sees massive benefits ? 
   sell off many of their assets . 
  i 'm sure if you want to heavily invest in south italy , no one will oppose  . 
  go for it man . 
  do it for europe !, 
   but let 's not analyze those reasons because pc . 
  my oh my cry me a river . 
  italian inequalities between north and south are much more vast than those germany went though . 
  and look how much money you had to pour to save the east ... and they 're still lagging . 
  that 's hardly the point . 
  here 's it 's obvious that if you cut the govts capability to intervene in the economy when bad things happen ... horrible things will happen . 
   well a good chunk of countries have simply not tried . 
  that 's some crap bullshit you 're saying . 
  italy has had reforms over reforms over reforms . 
  the same goes for greece , they 're going through a wave of reforms . 
  but italy is structurally unequal because of variaties of reasons . 
   and honestly if germany decides to take harsh measures that are also unpopular at the time to future proof the country and other countries do not of course . 
  in 2022 we 'll have to take the harsh measures needed to future proof france . 
  if killing the euro it is , then so be it . 
  every country should have the liberty to protect their future . 
    there just was a huge level of emotional connection . 
  i did n't ask for explications . 
  i told you what happened because you choose to ignore your own past and spew austerity works bullshit . 
   compromise would mean the southern states stop pussying around , implement some serious structural reforms and stop pretending they can keep going on just as in the `` good old times '' and that they do n't have to change a thing . 
  in what caf\u00e9 did you major in economics ? 
   which is why i am for the orderly dissolution of the eurozone and a return to national currencies . 
  a common currency demands compromises no country is willing to make . 
  just like i am for nato . 
  i wan na see germany suck up to cheeto benito :d, 
   just that a good chunk of these net payer states have prospered under austerity . 
  what works for some countries does not work for others . 
  the eu and euro should allow for that kind of flexibility . 
  imagine if you had united in 89 but west germany had decided not to pour money like crazy in east germany ? 
  where would you be now ? 
   austerity is about goverment spending . 
  and the govt never had an influence on economy . 
  some call keynes and tell him how wrong he was . 
  he declared that he 'll make the black sea a nato lake in 2014 when he was still president . 
  is that a normal declaration for a president ? 
   actually , romanian officials in general stay clear of naming russia when they talk about threats . 
    they call it `` diplomacy '' . 
  weird . 
  you probably forgot your former president basescu and how often he 'd call russia a threat . 
  / u/tepadno refers to the time he broke his hands . 
  he simply wants the same benefits and worries for a boy that has 2 male dads for example, 
  being able to adopt children is a right . 
  but i was told that ee had really close values to we unlike south america . 
  did you just call / u/ij3k old ? 
  so rude . 
  and i 'll pee in the water ... so you know it 's me , 
  and it still ca n't lift op 's mom . 
  because 425 ft is way bigger than 129.5 m, 
  the byzantines knew it , that 's why they left constantinople . 
  goddamit , it 's like frozen never happened . 
  but maybe uk wo n't leave the eu . 
  yeah . 
  let 's take a moment and remember this machiavellic comment that made rounds all over reddit after cameron 's resignation . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4pu6mj/great_comment_about_boris_johnson_brexit_and_the/ sometimes , reality is much more simple . 
  maybe they 'll explain how clotilde armand lead the a380 team https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clotilde_armand without actually working at airbus according to her linkedin fr.linkedin . 
  com/in/clotilde-armand -91 a0344 :p, 
  what if the us army decides to do some shady stuff like bring illegal prisons or perform torture on romanian soil ? 
  was there ever a full inquiry into that or was it brushed under the rug ? 
  had a very good bistecca . 
  sadly the server put too much salt on it . 
  and santa maria del fiore is kinda boring inside . 
  but besides that , firenze is an awesome city . 
  i loved the uffizi . 
  got to visit during the time bank of the river fell ... which was the first time in my life i saw the city in the news . 
  well at least i 'm happy that we can agree that in eu 's position , the cons severely outweigh the pros . 
  romania threatened to veto ceta if they do n't get visas removed even though ftas have no connection with visas . 
  so yeah there 's no benefit to serbia joining in . 
  only drawbacks . 
  more poor people and an extra veto . 
  croatia was n't . 
  and it was obviously bad that romania and bulgaria joined . 
  see the gypsy problem or the immigration problems uk faced that pushed it over the edge . 
  1.2 million romanians in italy , 600k in spain . 
  that 's not normal . 
   yes , because small countries actually use that veto if serbia agrees to give up it 's veto right , okay that 'll be a different story . 
   oh please , serbia is a small country , it ca n't destroy the eu . 
  serbia will bring another veto . 
  we already have too many and there is no actual benefit from serbia joining the eu at this point . 
  if it joins it 'll be the poorest eu country . 
  everybody is fine where they are . 
  classic / r/europe circlejerk ahoy, 
  except when we 're talking about fred mitterrand . 
  then we accept the shady parts ', 
   is n't stealing and lying inherent to socialism ? 
  til fillon is a socialist . 
  your replies are getting longer and longer and they seem angrier and angrier . 
  do n't mind me though , just munching on some popcorn, 
  today we 're gathered here to remember / u/finndacool , jedi master of nothing !, 
   we do n't really care here . 
  tell that to dsk . 
  the rumoured amount is 50 million . 
  https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/affaire_sarkozy-kadhafi my favourite conspiracy pet theory is related to this . 
  when sarkozy met putin for the first time and had a press conference where he [ seemed drunk ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9ddt9fzo9a4 ) . 
  thing is neither sarko nor putin drink . 
  after it was said in the press that [ putin had mopped on the floor with sarkozy ] ( http://www.lepoint.fr/politique/quand-poutine-mettait-nicolas-sarkozy-k-o-debout-15-12-2016-2090829_20.php ) on their first t\u00eate \u00e0 t\u00eate . 
  apparently , sarko started strong , talking about human rights etc etc and putin was silent during his tirade and when it was his turn , after a long pause , he told sarko : if you continue on this tone , i 'll crush you .
