  thou shall not insult me . 
  you can feel francais de souche , many and most dont . 
  that does n't mean we should create a special status for you . 
   yeah , but can you be french of arab origins ? 
  yes . 
  french of jewish confession ? 
  oh that too . 
  yep , you can be that too . 
  even if you do n't have both nationalities . 
  you can be whatever you want to be . 
  that does n't mean the law has to bend for you . 
   my ex-girlfriend should we make laws according to the feelings your ex gf has ? 
   the justice wont use it ? 
  okay , fine for them , it wont be the first time they are disconnected with the reality . 
  indeed . 
  the most notable case was when mitterrand banned the death penalty . 
  the majority of french were against it . 
  i 'm giving you examples of lawsuits that were against people fucking with france and the french . 
  so the french and france is well protected by the law . 
  regarding french ethnicity , france since they cut the heads of a few royals decided that yeah , french ethnicity is n't a real thing . 
  you 're french if you have the citizenship . 
  that 's what makes france great . 
  again . 
  it 's not an identified group . 
  it 's ** self identified ** . 
  and sorry but france does n't recognise self identification . 
  it 's just an opinion . 
  you 're either french or you 're not . 
  you can not be french but not francais de souche or whatever you want . 
  and if you disagree check the national anthem . 
  what do you think  sang impur means ? 
  it 's the blood of the people because the royals loved saying they have pure blood . 
  there were enough trials were `` brown '' people got into trouble for being shitheads . 
  look at the numerous prison terms because of people that made claims that support terrorism and said they 'd kill french people or whatever . 
  heck look at joey starr and kool shen getting suspended prison terms for insulting the french police during a concert . 
  probably while singing fuck the police lets also look at how much well deserved buttfucking dieudonn\u00e9 is getting . 
  and guess who follows his antisemitic shows . 
  yes . 
  once you have a french passport , you are french . 
  that 's it . 
  there are n't different groups . 
  there are n't people who are more french than others . 
  we had the belief of more frenchness before the revolution hence the line :  aux armes , citoyens ,  formez vos bataillons ,  marchons , marchons !, 
  ** a somewhat translation  march , march  let impure blood  water our furrows that impure blood is ours , the peoples . 
  the royals were of pure blood , we were tainted . 
  people can identify however they want . 
  but the does n't mean the law should recognise them . 
  so eta , ira , corsicans , anarchists ? 
  immigrants ? 
   how would you explain to an alien creature whose entire life revolves around warfare that ` killing is bad ' ? 
  their species would die off sooner or later . 
  the purpose of a species is to propagate as much as possible . 
  if your only purpose is to kill your neighbor , you should understand that your neighbor also wants to kill you so it 's only a 50 % chance that your genes will pass on . 
  also while warrior societies can produce a great deal of innovation on the short run , on the long run they can not sustain that . 
  progress is built on communication and openness . 
   especially if the people are ` content ' with it and feel that it is right for them . 
  since those very religious societies died off more and more , i doubt people are so content . 
  when given a choice people will become less religious on average rather than more . 
  but poverty , lack of mobility all produce a stagnation of ideas . 
  you are stuck with what ideas your parents gave you . 
  and that 's wrong . 
  it 's not like our societies can not produce monsters . 
  of course they can , but our lives nowadays are vastly better compared to 50-100-200 years . 
  imagine having a toothache 200 years ago . 
  the way to solve those little problems happened not because hey lets pray to god to fix them . 
  no , it was because we started valuing doctors more than theologians . 
   now , google this for me : why are there not terrorist attacks in japan ? 
  aum shinrikyo anyone ? 
  and yeah all our terrorism problems stem from immigration . 
  / s you present japan like some sort of magical society when actually that 's bs . 
  they have a fuck lot of problems . 
  i do not think young people will have a nice life when they 'll have to support 2-3 pensioners per 1 active citizen . 
   not imposing your own values on anyone else well surprisingly , that 's a type of value that is fairly recent ( undhr ) . 
  up until now we thought that there 's a bearded man in the sky . 
  and he decides if we burn or not . 
  so we should teach our children to fear everything in life . 
  that it 's okay to hate others becuse their different etc etc etc. 
  sure i hate uniformity but claiming that current values are n't superior to many old timey ones is fairly silly . 
  `` fear is the path to the dark side . 
  fear leads to anger . 
  anger leads to hate . 
  hate leads to suffering . '', 
   and the japanese are not mindless bigots . 
  they view immigration as a tool for the interest of their society , not as moral signaling . 
  japan ranks lower than tajikistan in the gender gap . 
  http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2014/10/29/national/japan-remains-near-bottom-of-gender-gap-ranking/ they 're awful at women rights . 
  plus a debt of 250 % of gdp , a population that is dwindling , ageing . 
  unless something changes , japan is going belly up . 
  and it 's like they 're not even trying to get better : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/18/japanese-women-suffer-widespread-maternity-harassment-at-work friggin maternity harassment . 
   even when their policies on immigration are to the left of what most in europe want for example hollande deported more gipsies than sarkozy . 
  i couldnt tell you who 's left and who 's the right . 
  because an ugly troll couldnt keep it in its pants . 
   the labour party is n't left wing , the socialists in france are n't doing real socialism . 
  considering that the ps is effectively split in 2 because the current govt is anything but socialist , that at the [ socialist primaries in 2011 ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/primaire_pr%c3%a9sidentielle_socialiste_de_2011 ) valls came in 5th after hollande , aubry , montebourg and royal , we can say he doesnt have a lot of clout in the party . 
  that 's the us . 
  we 're all about secularity . 
  you should brush up on your history man . 
  well because i dont understant the question . 
  according to the law nope . 
  neither can xtians .
