   corroborating accounts from volunteers , medics , refugees and other officials reveal that sexual abuse is common within the large camp at dunkirk and that children and women are forced to have sex by traffickers in return for blankets or food or the offer of passage to the uk . 
  will the lock get you to uk ? 
  this is n't friggin people barging in other people 's houses . 
   i 'm sure actual police knows about it more than me . 
  yes . 
   i do n't see how that relates to my comment . 
  you obviously do n't understand how complicated law enforcement is when the victims do not want to cooperate with the authorities . 
  i took the time to remind that indeed it is very difficult . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-37622796 really man ? 
  http://projects.aljazeera.com/2015/08/sex-trafficking-in-romania/index.html?utm_content=nobylines  according to the u.s. state department 's 2014 `` trafficking in persons '' report , one-third of romania 's trafficking victims are underage girls . 
  but thanks for the advice . 
  will keep in mind , 
  ireland would veto any such procedure ( and it would be a fair thing , they did n't sign up for this ) . 
  any eu army would actually have to be a european project separate from the eu . 
  you can not have armies act on the same procedures as the eu ( unanimity for agreements etc. ), 
   try to solve how do you solve something you do n't know exists ? 
  say a rape happens but the victim does not come forward . 
  how do you know a rape happened then ? 
  how do you know who 's the victim ? 
  and how can you determine the perp ? 
   well if someone writes an article about the issue well there are articles about many issues . 
  about all types of abuses , about all type of sex rings ... and the sex rings and trafficking still happens all across europe . 
  until one of these women decides to go to the police , nothing will happen . 
  and they wo n't because those demanding sex are telling them they 'll get them to uk or other benefits . 
   what 's the point of police that works only when no one commits a crime ? 
  if nobody calls the police , they ca n't do anything . 
  unless in your country you have a magical police that is able to tell when crime happens without being informed . 
   does anyone actually report these crimes to the police ? 
  well does anyone do that ? 
   the authorities have an obligation to investigate and take appropriate action . 
  i 'll give you a hint : nobody tells the police jack shit . 
  are the 14 yo romanian gypsy brides calling the cops often ? 
  how about all those romanian prostitution rings ? 
  do the hookers call the cops when they have problems ? 
  because they 're not doing it in france . 
  we do n't do sensible comments on / r/europe ( i too am guilty of that ) . 
  it 's a rantfest . 
  no we 're not . 
  the eu was not meant to be a military based organisation . 
  that 's why you have countries that are either neutral ( ireland ) or independent ( sweden ) in the eu . 
  eu wo n't go military any time soon . 
  and the european army wo n't go nuclear any time soon after that . 
  the vast vast vast amount of political talk on / r/europe is very low quality . 
  low quality and superficial analysis . 
  a ton of bias . 
  either way , the parlament will be ump so any other president besides fillon wo n't be able to do basically anything . 
  macron has no party , fn wo n't win . 
  ps might miiiight have a chance of a good score . 
  so i should call the doctor if in 4 hours my hard on does not subside ? 
  same goes for this post saying the usmc used the ss as official insignia . 
  so crimea 's part of russia according to google ? 
   , is there anyone here that has actually cancelled or decided not to visit paris/brussels/berlin , or anywhere in europe because of terrorist threats ? 
  we were down [ 750m euros ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/paris-isis-tourism-attacks-impact-money-lost-aftermath-a7205121.html ) in august last year , wrt to the previous year . 
  so yeah . 
  yeah but it 's no fun visiting a country in lockdown after an attack . 
  60 % of french are paid between minimum wage and minimum wage + 300 euros . 
  what 's your point ? 
  you do n't understand . 
  / u/carnagh is most likely the ilk that thinks people like climate scientists are actually political pawns, 
  le pen 's at 40 % . 
  another 5 years and . 
  another 5 and she 'll hit 50 % . 
  tick tock . 
  that or the euro dies . 
  there are n't 10000 possibilities . 
  france already proposed common euro debt . 
  who has the money . 
  in majority germany . 
  some parts france etc. 
  nowadays france and germany are making money off of greece . 
  it should go without saying , should n't it ? 
  that 's fiscal convergence and that 's what you need to do when you have one currency . 
   one currency one common fiscal policy . 
  i doubt netherlands or belgium are doing that well . 
  finland also is in dire need of help . 
  there 's not a ton to explain . 
  remove the defense budget from the 3 % deficit criteria . 
  i do n't want our national security to be in danger because omg 3 %, 
  austerity is related to the southern countries . 
  europe is not just france ... or so i was told . 
  oh you mean who 'll finance the defense budget being removed from maastricht criteria ? 
  well uhm ... if they need an excel licence fine , i can provide one ... it 's not for an institution but it 'll do in a pinch . 
  did that clear everything up ? 
   but i 'm not willing to kill it because of them , knowing the alternatives . 
  the alternatives are a period of cool down and new projects in a few decades . 
  i prefer that to a europe that just doesnt go anywhere because nobody wants to compromise ... which is where we are . 
  i do n't want france to become the next italy . 
  how to finance a new asylum treaty ? 
  if they need pens and paper i can donate some . 
   16 billion is peanuts hahahaha ... hahahaha ... hahahahaha . 
  oh and the trade balance was -20 billion in 2015 . 
  that 's about 150 % what uk paid to the eu budget . 
   so having some countries where there is a trade deficit is beneficial . 
  for germany , maybe it can afford . 
  for france ... nope . 
  this trade agreement is dead in the water . 
  i 'll get muh popcorn when it voting will happen , 
  10 new airbuses ? 
  that sure will fix our trade deficit of the order of 16 billion we have with vietnam http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/countries-and-regions/countries/vietnam/, 
  this is a bit outdated .
