  france has interests in mali . 
  europe does not . 
  i really dont care what happens in mali we received demand for help and we delivered . 
  uk has interests in the commonwealth . 
   in mozambique did mozambique ask portugal for help ? 
  would portugal be able to offer any ? 
  do you understand the spirit of brotherhood ? 
  it 's friggin there dude . 
  god all mighty you 're too ignorant for me . 
  i 'll have to block you . 
  cheerio, 
   current persecution is not so widespread as this article is stating . 
   you ca n't say there was slavery in eastern europe and then talk only about romania . 
  did i say there was slavery in ** all * of eastern europe . 
  or should i list every time every country one by one https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_poland https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_lithuania and slavery in romania and russia ? 
  you sound petty as fuck dude . 
  the population of romania , poland and russia outweigh by a significant margin bulgaria and slovakias . 
  heck add chech republic / . 
   you ca n't be that dumb . 
  i will have to give it to the famous lack of english skills in france sweet adhominem . 
  hoping to cover your lack of knowlegde . 
  or just pissed cuz you do n't know as much history as you claim ? 
   that 's not covered by the udhr or the echr . 
  yes . 
  not being an asshole is not covered by the udhr not by echr . 
  oh wait let 's read article 1 http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ ** all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights . 
  they are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood . 
  ** but i guess calling someone by whatever name you wish regardless of the fact that many expressed dislike for that term is ** spirit of brotherhood ** for you . 
   nah you choose to be a moron . 
  you sound saltay . 
   you do n't get to make a story about a whole region when it is true only for some of the countries . 
  so we 've changed from  the slavery you keep bubbling about was a problem in your country not in `` eastern europe '' . 
  to  it is true only for some of the countries that 's what i call progress . 
  be that as it may , they have the right to be called by the name of their choice . 
  seems like the only thing that got separated were his buttcheeks . 
   condensing it has already evaporated from my mind . 
   the ussr and the warsaw pact do n't exist anymore . 
  well you 're a sensitive lil ' bloke are n't you . 
  kinda like those gypsies complaining that they wan na be called roma . 
  but i choose to not be pc . 
   stereotypes . 
  yes . 
  that 's why they wan na be called roma and not gypsies . 
  it 's not hard to understand . 
  ah that 's how you got it . 
  you learnt that every time some else talks about israel , the illegal settlements etc , you 're supposed to shout lawfare and it 's all settled . 
  you 're in your own safe coccoon of righteousness . 
  some of you israelis really live in a besieged mentality . 
  quite sad for such an amazing people . 
  i do n't see why you have to drag everybody down with people like bibi that only want war . 
   the slavery you keep bubbling about was a problem in your country not in `` eastern europe '' . 
  that 's literally what you said . 
  considering that romania has the largest gypsy population , and the majority of gypsies in romania at the time were slaves ... you 'd think that it 's an important topic to discuss . 
  but yeah ... getting all defensive and claiming that slavery did n't exist in eastern europe is better way to go . 
  also https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_russia, 
   lawfare wow . 
  interesting term . 
  never heard of it . 
  how do you carry lawfare ? 
  with weapons of mass human rights ? 
   a romanian in france talks about confronting gypsies a what now ? 
   also the slavery you keep bubbling about was a problem in your country not in `` eastern europe '' . 
  dude , if you know jack shit about the particular histories of eastern europe , you 're free to read . 
  start with this article that totally does n't exist https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_romania thing is , you know about our problems ... because we talk about them . 
  and not all french , british , americans or portuguese will talk and say it totally happened and our fault guys , but at least a large part do talk and admit fault . 
  you can see the speech in eastern europe : nope never happened . 
  and if it did , it was n't that bad . 
  and if it was bad , we had it very bad . 
  and if we did n't , it was russia 's fault . 
  yeah . 
  just like japs is from japanese and pakis is from pakistani . 
  why would they be offended ... oh the sheer number of expresions where gypsies have been demeaned . 
  in romanian gypsy is transformed in a verb that means to bargain in a brutish manner , inelegant , to argue like gypsyes in front of the tent , means to argue a lot , the romanian president deemed it necessary to call an insistent journalists a stinky gypsy ( even though she was n't even a gypsy ) . 
  so maybe you can see why they 'd like to not be referred as gypsies ? 
  if they choose to be called in a different name , why are you being a jackass and insist on the other one ? 
  i do n't call germans b\u00f4che , i do n't call them former nazis . 
  i call them by the name they want to be referred as . 
   what crimes has she commited against belgians ? 
  i do not know . 
  but a belgian has presented a claim against her , so let the judge do his work . 
  they did n't say they 'll put her to trial or anything . 
  just that she has to answer some questions from the judge . 
  do you not trust the belgian justice system ? 
  i support the rule of law . 
  and if it is suspected that tzipi livni committed crimes against belgians , then belgium should ask her to come to the judge in case and answer what questions they might have , if she is in belgium . 
  in what shape or form do you find that offensive ? 
  do you not trust the belgian justice system ? 
  because i do . 
  just like i trust the israeli justice system when they put the effort ( see the execution by the idf guy in hebron recently ), 
   there 's a school in my city aimed specifically at educating roma children . 
  because if it 's gens du voyage , you must have not met many . 
  they speak french like any frenchman . 
   which means begging or doing some illegal activities ce n'est pas vraiment notre faute . 
   roma people marginalize themselves more than we do . 
  they also occupy friggin football pitches to put their tents over here . 
  maybe that 's why we did so well this year at the euro . 
  but that friggin portuguese gypsy quaresma had more powers . 
  well wonderful argument . 
   so much as notre-dame is literally `` our lady of paris '' . 
  uhm , what do you think it means btw ?
