  well \u00een that case the mujahedeen were doing the most because they were facing advanced armies only with aks and pickup trucks . 
  i fail to understand your logic modern armies are n't measured by how scrappy they are . 
  you present lack of funding and sending men in tin cans to face ieds like a virtue of some sorts . 
   considering that extensive disarming and restructuring of our military was a core prerequisite so before romania had submarines , icbms , modern fighter planes but since joining nato , that has n't been the case ? 
   `` evil minority '' when they need one anyway like the gulenists ? 
  might their version of jesus h. christ !, 
   and personal details so basically you want the papers to say : nondescript person of nondescript gender performs nondescript act in nondescript country for nondescript reasons . 
  84 fatalities . 
   they actually do more how many submarines ( that actually work ) does romania ? 
  how many ic missiles can it launch ? 
  if greece had had to default , no . 
  just look at argentina ... 
   because most european countries recognised kosovo , with only spain romania and slovakia . 
  that 's 3 eu countries already . 
   but at a very high cost . 
  eh ... how much more would my paella cost and zara clothes cost ? 
  gim me me a number if you think it 's that high . 
  if you declare you independence unilateraly , things will become worse since the eu is based on unanimity which you do not seem to want to achieve , 
   besides , i ca n't imagine all the italians , germans , and western-most countries willing to accept a much larger route to trade eh ... 
  i get my onions from israel , my jeans from china etc etc. 
   i ca n't see the members of the eu shooting themselves in the food in order to please spain 's nationalistic demands quite a few have refused to recognise kosovo . 
  look at the eu countries that refused to do that and you 'll have the regions that will veto catalonia . 
  i 'm amazed that people will vote to leave spain despite economic concerns . 
  and when they 're told about the negative consequences they 'll just play they : `` but guys think of the economic concerns '' makes you guys sound like brexiters . 
  she was catholic . 
  iirc he attracted his victims through catcalling on fb . 
  so he knew who they were . 
   he targeted turks , did n't he kill a few kosovars ? 
   if my guess that you 're upper/upper-middle class is correct no . 
  sorry your stereotype is n't confirmed : /, 
   you imply we 're better we are better than saudi arabia , qatar and a vast majority of muslim countries that have the death penalty for apostates or homosexuals . 
   if you consider your nation to be better ( and you might be just in your belief ) , go ahead and house some asylum seekers , or donate money , food , clothes yourself . 
  i pay my taxes and i vote for people who say they wan na help refugees . 
  that 's enough for me , 
  i help refugees by paying my taxes and voting for people saying that we should help refugees . 
   but i was never talking about isis that does n't mean that it 's not in anyone 's mind . 
   then the immediate country he is fleeing from must be an eligible for such asylum . 
  yeah . 
  that 's why lebanon accepted way way way more per capita than any eu country . 
   should n't it be time we leave them fix their own mess easier said than done in a war zone . 
   i 'm having a math argument . 
  you are not having a math argument . 
  you do not present axioms , hypothesis , definitions , theorems and their proof . 
  you are having a numbers argument , numbers are n't mathematics . 
  and the numbers are : there is a correlation in europe between number of muslims a country has and number of people from said country join isis . 
  hence why it is problematic . 
   therefore it is our moral duty to save everyone ? 
  that 's something you added by yourself . 
  if you wan na have a convo with yourself , be my guest . 
   by what standard is that huge ? 
  i gave you a standard , 
   united arab emirates , kwait , qatar , saudi arabia or dubai we have higher standards than those countries . 
  can we make a list of people that have joined isis from europe and try to infer some knowledge from it ? 
  oh and before you on a france has people in isis because razizizism you should know that in europe , the countries that send the most per capita are bosnia , kosovo ... 
  interesting ey ? 
  you want to create safe zones there ... 
  but nobody is bothering to so that . 
  so how is that not an answer ? 
  did hungary sent military to create a safe zone ? 
  well there you go . 
  that answers your remark . 
  weird . 
  ca n't remember obama asking why the nice attack happened even though americans died . 
   we can protect the basic rights of more people more effectively when we do so in their own region . 
  how many countries have participated in creating safe zones in syria ? 
  there was only 1 terrorist attack with casualties in germany ... from a guy born in germany that was probably a neo-nazi . 
  last year there were 84 000 traffic-related deaths in europe making roads about 480 times more deadly than terrorists . 
  i 've seen people on / r/france asking after the terrorist attacks if it 's still safe . 
  turkey and tunisia 's tourism industry have suffered immensly . 
  why go to crazy turkey or france when you can go to safe spain ? 
  nice seems a little less lively . 
  people do n't go out as much , as often ... 
  the impact is n't just how many deaths but also the economical impact . 
  we 're plucking the terrorist daisy with germany . 
  one for you . 
  one for me . 
  one for you . 
  one for me . 
  https://theintercept.com/2015/02/19/great-sim-heist/ oh look gchq participated at stealing private keys for sims . 
  do n't you feel a patriotic explosion of joy at the technical prowess used to fuck you in the ass and record your data and phone calls  gah , joy to the world . 
  numba 1 . 
  numba 1 . 
  at fucking people in the ass . 
  get in the spirit , we 're being watched so you got ta dance  . 
  because they catch all those terrorists now when they 're saving your calls to your gf . 
   and i guess the nazis are coming to get you ? 
  they 're terrorist fighter , man . 
  do n't you understand that they need your emails to fight terrorists and catch them . 
  you 're safer if they hack all your email accounts and undermine encryption standards . 
  in order to catch the baddies you got ta be a patriot and fight the good fight . 
  do n't you know terrorists use encryption . 
  maths is bad and you are bad for using it ... 
  but wait you 're a pat ~ ~ sy ~ ~ riot . 
   so no fear !, 
  give the government all your data . 
  oh also paedophiles . 
  we got ta catch dem paedophiles . 
  dont you think of the children ? 
  lube up and just remember that your sim card private keys have also been stolen so now they can decrypt your convos as well . 
  :d joy oh joy what a time to be a patriot .
