  so uhm can i chop a thieve 's hands and say : guys i 'm applying saudi arabian law ? 
  so your idea of symplification is : a british client applies for an insurance in romania and if there are any problems , they 'll settle in a court in the french guyana or malta . 
  how could i not see how simple this is . 
   . the same way that finnish insurers settle insurance claims in finland . 
  investigate the facts then reach an agreement . 
  if a maltese company has money to send investigators in finland , tgey have enough money to set shop in finland and sell directly . 
  why is the obligation to open a branch in the country so restrictive ? 
  but i agree with you . 
  if you wan na do things like you 're suggesting , then we should have uniformal fiscal laws , insurance clail laws , banking laws , etc. 
  lets go for more integration then . 
  it only makes sense . 
  you didnt say how an insurer from malta will settle an insurance claim in finland . 
   if it is a shoddy deal and if there are complaints , you do what you currently do , you sue them . 
  in an uk court or in a romanian court ? 
  i need some place where reddit is inaccesible . 
  falklands ? 
  internet must be painfully slow there . 
  or your cellar if there 's no wifi or 3g . 
  i 'll bring wine , cider and foie gras . 
   in a true single market for services they would be able to operate in poland without having an office there . 
  so british citizens want to get insurance deals from romania ? 
  or cyprus ? 
  what if it 's a shoddy deal ? 
  what if there are complaints ? 
  how will a small insurance company from malta solve an issue in finland and send it 's experts over there ? 
  be reasonable man . 
  you dont get credits by the phone or solve insurance claims online . 
   . accountancy standards are pretty much global . 
  so you know all the tax brackets , tax exemptions , tax refunds possible in france ? 
  all possible combinations there are ? 
  darn you 're an exceptional person because even i do n't know them . 
  the uk voter makes decisions based on what 's happening in / r/europe ? 
  if that were the case for france , i 'd move outta here and renounce my passport . 
   uh-oh , you got some esplainin to do france ... find me a french politician proud to have killed arabs , jews , germans . 
   i did n't know america stops being a democracy the us wasn ' r a democracy during its slavery years . 
  and segregation is n't the hallmark of a democracy . 
  dont you agree ? 
  and let 's not talk about the former leader of france calling minority individuals scum ... uhm . 
  examples ? 
  there 's this speech from chirac but he 's not calling people scum : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/le_bruit_et_l%27odeur, 
  the guy who said there will never be a two state solution while he 's a pm ? 
  the guy who supports the colonisation of the west bank ? 
  and lets not talk about the israeli far right politicians that were bragging that they killed arabs . 
  both parties : the israelis and the palestinians are as guilty of the situation that is happening now . 
  so lets cut the propaganda bs : lighthouse of freedom and democracy ... 
  i would rather be safe from terrorists than have secure e-commerce sites or emails . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s edit : i dont know if everybody missed the / s tag or if they really believe these laws are good :d, 
   even more so as israel is a lighthouse of our common values of enlightenment and humanism , of our common concepts of liberty and the open society , for the whole of the middle east . 
  is this guy talking about bibi ? 
  he can not be talking about bibi . 
   and driven by corporate interests and us policy ... oh boy . 
  it 's like talking to russians and their fetishization of the us . 
  and do you mean to say the current govt cares about the people ? 
  whike a new one will only care about corporations ? 
   . quite a bit of controversy over copyright and internet laws recently ... do people over 30 , that dont pirate , care about that ? 
  i wan na hear honest reasons . 
  it 's not like a 50 yo babushka cares that omg they banned pirate bay . 
  what rights compared to the uk , wont you get ? 
  ( a country of 7 million compared to a country of 63 million ) . 
  i hear a lot of pre-conceptions about the eu , even from people that should have been better educated . 
  so thatns why i ` am asking . 
  there seems to be a deficit of knowledge on how the eu works . 
  by and large , ee countries were/and are happy to join the eu . 
  why is serbia not willing ? 
  so we should build 2-3 aircraft carriers ? 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  lovely countries ? 
  uhm they all start with consonants ? 
  none of the them have the letter q ? 
  they 're in the northern hemisphere ? 
  what am i supposed to say ? 
  corrected . 
  of course . 
  you guys up north love things like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lutefisk ), 
  but honestly , do you guys have any argument against , besides kosovo . 
  ( and no , borders is no reasons , that 's schengen ) . 
  you dont build an army in 5 minutes or 10 years . 
  it takes time . 
  that is the right decision . 
  through different discussions with a few serbians living here , i realise that they do n't actually understand what the eu is about . 
  also they tend to be extremely cynical . 
  but i am all for offering young , well-educated , capable serbs easier ways to have access to eu benefits , jobs in sectors where they are needed in the eu , etc. 
  then i wouldnt recommend going to hungary . 
  instead of petty nationalism or patriotism or whatever , maybe it 's wiser to move forward . 
  brain drain , you still have that . 
  but it 'd be nice to get some advantages and some eu funds instead of still talking about kosovo like it 'll ever go back under serbia . 
  and heck you 'll see a reduction in corruption too , because politicians now have a carrot for fighting corruption . 
  spain has a 22 % unemployment rate . 
  i think sending soldiers to ukraine is not their main concern . 
  germany ... army ... things dont jive well there . 
  they 'll increase it though . 
  netherlands has a population of 16m . 
  are we comparing it with the big dogs ? 
  besides germany ( which we can understand ) , all the big dogs uk and france are doing their business . 
  try staying more than 3 months . 
   spending data from all nato members . 
  much of it is pathetic . 
  again , from what country because it 's impossible to read . 
  are we going to blame bulgaria for crappy military finances ? 
   the thing that makes us desirable to foreign investors is the fact that we 're well educated and incredibly cheap .
