  110 years ago we were teaching kids that we must go to war soon to take back our alsace lorraine , now we 're arguing how essential the germans are to us . 
  are they just essential or are they extremelly essential ? 
  and of course there are stumps in the road , and it seems like we 're going backwards and there are people opposed to it and want the good ol' days to be back . 
  there were people ( and still are actually ) that try to convice us that catholic france was great ... we 'll never go back to it , it 's done . 
  there are others that are saying hey colonial france was n't that bad , we can still use some influence in africa ... no , those days are gone and they will never come back . 
  these are events measured on a timeline of hundreds of years . 
  i did not witness the french revolution nor shall i witness the next iterations of the french republic , but they will happen . 
  and they will happen in your country . 
  hmm . 
  it 's odd . 
  between you and me , who sounds like the butthurt ? 
   you all sound like angela merkel bots . 
  so you 're replying with a shit comment in order to complain about shit comments ? 
  ironic much ? 
  sadly , the few things you are most likely capable of buying is an internet connection . 
  let 's hope uk will massively increase the help they give to poor people you deserve a better life . 
  illusions of grandeur on the internet i see . 
  they 're inversely proportional to one 's standing in society irl . 
  i 'm sorry for you and how british policies have lead to an increasing number of poor people and a general precarisation of society . 
  i hope you and other forgotten people of uk will have a better life . 
   all over now though , we wo n't miss you  are you may or some sort of uk leader in order to speak of a `` we '' ? 
  they 're saying behind eu 's back . 
  so they have to be secret trade agreements , then rush everything . 
  honestly we 're commenting the most stupid crap . 
  sigh, 
  it 's where that exotic team from harry potter and the gobbler of fire world quidditch games come from . 
  so they 'll have these trade agreements talks where exactly ? 
  actually the eurosceptics of france want us to get out of nato, 
  a billiards ball is not a bowling ball http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/badastronomy/2008/09/08/ten-things-you-dont-know-about-the-earth/#.uzrbpmrac9a, 
  shush , or denmark 's gon na shove that pole where the sun do n't shine ... bulgaria apparently . 
   but at least we do not invent the white flag !, 
  time we build that med to atlantic through the pyrenees channel, 
  of course you didnt understand . 
  you 've got portugals for brains !, 
  what can we say ? 
  you people give good head . 
  choke on us , you bastards !, 
  `` so hey guys , can i come with my nukes in your country and launch them for there ? '', 
  i do n't think a ton of countries will be happy with said offer since it opens the posibility of retaliations ... 
  a common stockpile might also mean a private reserve for each . 
  our nuclear subs are ours . 
  is this a situation where betteridge 's law applies ? 
  land based is pointless unless you have hundreds scattered around the country . 
  we 're just a bit larger than cali . 
  we 're too small for them to be useful, 
   france would have noped the fuck out . 
  we significantly contributed to israel 's nuclear program . 
  we have no problem apparently with giving nuclear tech . 
  earth is actually smoother than a [ billiards ball ] ( http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/badastronomy/2008/09/08/ten-things-you-dont-know-about-the-earth/#.uzrbpmrac9a ) . 
  so those islands are most likely tens of kilometers tall . 
  edit : the apennins look taller than the width of salento , which measures 50km . 
   expensive it 's not really expensive . 
  just a plastic film . 
   many like to point to the uk as bigoted over brexit , but there 's a reason germany , france , italy etc. 
  did n't really rub the uk public the wrong way . 
  movement between developed economies is very much a more equal affair . 
  it 's because you do n't understand how the eu works . 
  from the 70s , the desire had become towards a convergence of markets , to let workers move around more easily . 
  we 've seen it with italian or portuguese workers moving abroad . 
  uk left simply because the british realised that they did n't carry as much influence in bruxelles as they 'd wish . 
  these people are targeted because they 're high ranked members of isis . 
  so one can either start a war on the ground , or kill off the command . 
  us drone strikes vs us boots on the ground . 
  what caused the most deaths ? 
  you must be in severe denial if you think sending the army will cause fewer deaths . 
  would boots on the ground to stomp out isis be a better thing ? 
  do you believe that 'll result in less collateral damage ? 
  we opposed the us going into rwanda ? 
  well that 's a bald-faced lie, 
   look at what the treturous brits made us do !, 
  are you bitching that it 's eu 's fault because a british newspaper called it `` brexit tax '' ? 
  are you people for real ? 
   calling it a brexit tax is just ridiculous . 
  i who 's calling it a brexit tax buddy ? 
  it makes people distrust beggars and treat them with even more contempt and suspicion than they otherwise would . 
  if you 're the type that wo n't give money to people if they 're gypsies , i 'm pretty sure you can do some racial profiling quickly in your head to see if they look like gypsies or like british people ... 
  well rhubarb leaves are toxic . 
  it 's easy to understand why they might want to avoid the plant . 
   jassm cruise missiles they 're not meant for levelling cities type of bombing though . 
  yeah . 
  us dropped 2m tons on laos . 
  uk+us dropped 2.5 m tons on europe . 
   a concerted maximum effort by the finnish air force - the force that once produced the most aces per capita ever and whose pilots achieved unprecedented 100 to 6 kill ratio in their last exercise against nato air forces - sauce ? 
  also the su 30 beats the f 15 which beats the f18 that is the main plane of the faf . 
  we 're talking about conventional war here . 
   i assume our glorious generals have thought of that during the last 100 years . 
  well yeah , if you put your faith in your military leaders ... of course . 
  no military leader has [ ever made a wrong decision ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maginot_line )  multiple times a day they do the whole thing over and over again . 
  well spy drone can detect where you move them , they 're not exactly tiny little things . 
  and i do n't think they can move faster than a plane travels . 
   the units themselves are dispersed over large areas , not in a neat row 5 meters apart and ? 
  people have gotten really good at carpet bombing . 
  the us has dropped about as many bombs on laos as uk+us in europe during ww2 https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3bj1pb/how_is_it_possible_that_more_bombs_were_dropped/, 
  so ... what if it gets bombed out because you have no aerial superiority ? 
  `` work shall set you free '' . 
  wow , another job creator just like trump !, 
  again , how do you prove that ? 
  how do you prove that when you picked a foreigner you already looked at all those that have been unemployed for more than 3 months ? 
  first they came for alsace and i did not say anything . 
  then they came for corsica and i said `` have it all , thank god '',
