  okay fine . 
  lets see some examples of french politicians talking about these topics : cop\u00e9 that at the time was the president of the main right wing party in france :  http://www.francetvinfo.fr/societe/justice/affaire-du-pain-au-chocolat-cope-nie-s-etre-excuse_200445.html he 's talking about a dude that had his chocolate roll taken from him by a some other dude becase `` during ramadan one does not eat '' . 
   we are a judeo-christian country - de gaulle said it - of white race , that welcomes foreigners . 
  i want france to remain france . 
  i do not want france to become muslim . 
  france is a secular republic . 
  it is impossible for the govt to make laws that are focused on one religion or another . 
  though morano is a cheap shot . 
  she 's pissed when women wear the veil at the beach , she 's pissed when people wear their hat backwards , etc etc. 
  hortefeux , at the time minister of the interior :  `` quand il y en a un , \u00e7a va. . c'est quand il y en a beaucoup qu'il y a des probl\u00e8mes ''  when it 's just one it 's okay . 
  when there are many , you have problems . 
  while referring to a visibly arab guy who was waiting to take a photo with the minister . 
  and the list can go on and on . 
  this is not an honest debate about identity . 
  this is a : lets eff the brown dude that eats funny food and does n't believe in muh god . 
   seems to me that 's the beating heart of a functioning democracy , not antidemocratic activism . 
  does that mean that the koch bros are also the main purveyors of democracy ? 
  they 're more a nuisance than a `` distabilizing '' factor . 
   local authorities cut or withdrew 2,000 bus routes in england and 179 in wales since 2009 . 
  wtf ? 
  do they ~ ~ have ~ ~ hate the poor over there ? 
  buses are essential for people who are struggling to find a job , go to school or whatever . 
  unless they were replaced with trams or subways , this is a big issue . 
   belgium also is n't as bogged down on issues such as `` free speech '' to the extent of the us either , so i would expect it would n't be hard to challenge this party 's legitimacy ? 
  what ? 
  and you 've a carrot shoved up ypurs so deep , you ca n't even realise when tongue in cheek comments . 
  is red too basic for you ? 
  need maroon and salmon pink for your charts ? 
  you only need four colours to do a map and that 's enough . 
  neither my screen is set to a hue that makes it easier on the eyes . 
  either way since the extremes are yellow and red it makes sense for the middle to be orange . 
  yeah man . 
  pissy french . 
  and you bro ? 
   if you follow his twitter hmm never heard about that one . 
  is twitter from elsevier or from springer ? 
   i do n't know if it 's 50/50 anymore . 
  well everybody with a romanian passport left , so what do you expect ? 
   that 's the important bit - setting the rules , not dealing with people who use them to pay the minimum . 
  when 's the last time you paid a lobbyist to tell the politicians what rules to put in place ? 
  also , we can therefore agree that it 's okay for france and germany to bully ireland into submission ? 
   there is a difference between not thinking catylin jenner is a woman she is a role model !!, 
   these people sign up for the very act of killing in the name of a foreign army , while taking orders from that foreign army . 
  what about the french foreign legion : / . 
  the simple fact that tehy 're fighting for a foreign country is n't enough . 
  yes these people are a very dangerous threat to european security and they have to be dealt with . 
  i dont think prison for life is good though , unless they committed murder or other vile acts, 
   steven pinker  steven arthur `` steve '' pinker ( born september 18 , 1954 ) is a canadian-born american cognitive scientist , psychologist , linguist , and popular science author . 
  i dont see genetician here ... am i missing something ? 
   nobody wants to pay more than they have to . 
  so how much should they have to pay ? 
  thank you very much for these detailed recounts of the situation in ukraine . 
  i find it very useful and i really appreciate the effort and time it 's taken you to write this , give links with photos and everything . 
  ( and much much more useful than the usual shouting matches ) . 
  i 'll take a little more advantage of your kindness :d regarding tymoshenko and yushchenko . 
  how are they perceived by the population ? 
  in terms of corruption and politics ? 
  what caused such a massive drop in yushchenko 's popularity ? 
  regarding your comments , it kinda seems that the politics in ukraine is not very stable . 
  was it always like this even in the 90s ? 
  because it seemed less agitated back then . 
  do the ukrainians tend to also switch direction and vision for their country ( as in follow the eu or russia ? ), 
  i ask this because it seems that ukraine is more willing to follow the west but it also faces many financial , structural , political hurdles . 
  obviously they will face setbacks , corruption cases . 
  and it will take a long time before ukraine gets in a stable position and an even longer time before it starts prospering again . 
  do you think ukrainians will stay on a course , commit to reforms and the patience needed ? 
  do they have an idea of long such a process would take ? 
  of course it 's difficult to say . 
  how easy is it to get a visa for the eu for ukranians ? 
  did the situation in mariupol stabilise ? 
  what 's happening over there ? 
  i had the impression they were getting shelled by the rebels . 
  thanks a lot again for the thorough reply . 
  so your favourite veggie 's pork ? 
  and bread does n't go with pork : / pork goes with pork . 
  well i 'll take you on that offer . 
  it 's nice to see someone being honest about such a hot button topic . 
  i have a lot to learn about the issue and i am interested . 
  what did the ukranians from the occupied eastern regions do since 2014 ? 
  when are the next elections and what hopes and desires do normal ukrainians have ? 
  what happened to the pro russian political parties ? 
  and your fav meal is mamali ' cu bra ' cu la ', 
   i do n't care about crimea . 
  i agree that it is n't majority ukrainian , which can also be seen by referendum for independency numbers and all the headache with it . 
  well that 's an interesting graph . 
  shows how complicated the situation is . 
  maybe how disillusioned people have become ? 
   the austro-hungarian empire did n't `` pop , '' and nor is ukraine `` popping . '', 
  really ? 
  what happened to the ah empire and what 's happening to ukraine now ? 
  weird how bad history produced a correct prediction . 
   almost 90 % of us has hungarian citizenship . 
  so what ? 
  i 'm sure that creates no problems :d . romanians and hungarians love each other . 
  on the 4th of june romanians and hungarians meet up at versailles to make out in its gardens and have picnics . 
  right ? 
   according to the austro-hungarian census of 1910 , the territory claimed by the west ukrainian people 's republic had about 5.4 million people . 
  of these , 3,291,000 ( approximately 60 % ) were ukrainians , 1,351,000 ( approximately 25 % ) were poles can we find similar stats for bukovina ? 
   according to the 1930 romanian census , romanians made up 44.5 % of the total population of bukovina , and ukrainians ( including hutsuls ) 29.1 % . 
  [ 20 ] in the northern part of the region , however , ** romanians made up only 32.6 % of the population , with ukrainians slightly outnumbering romanians .
