  they 're trying to radicalise those who are already in their net . 
  we give them legitimacy by saying yes you are important , yes a big part of uk media is following you . 
   do you also think this about all the documentaries about neo nazis ? 
   do you think this about vice 's one about swedish left wing militants ? 
  especially when they state that they like it because it makes them feel important . 
   what do you think should happen to these guys ? 
  arrested . 
  but i guess showering them with attention to show them how important they are is better . 
  isis now has more of a country than nazi germany had from the end of ' 44 . 
  simply because the big wigs do n't like to call isis a state because that would `` show weakness '' and `` legitimise '' them , does n't mean isis is n't impressively organised to the point of reaching a statehood heck they 're waaay more of a state than somalia is . 
  but we 're still living in the 20th century in terms of geopolitics . 
  interned ? 
  ah again playing with words . 
  obviously the guys in this video are n't being `` interned '', 
  he supports an isis fighter and his decision to fight for isis . 
  let 's face it , we 're playing with words here . 
  if uk were at war that guy would be tried for treason . 
  and this video shows that us freedom of speech might not be such a good idea . 
  the guy on camera says he does n't condone isis . 
  if he were in the us he 'd be all up isis 's ass . 
  they say down with the queen , down with democracy , etc. 
  what would have happened 75 years ago if a german would have said in the middle of london down with the king , long live germany , lets put a nazi party in place ? 
  edit1 : after watching a bit more , he is in favor of putting homosexuals off high buildings , again illegal . 
  will see further on . 
  is it still a thought crime is one expresses it ? 
  huh ? 
  so only one problem can be fixed at one moment in time ? 
  it 's normal to be pisses off at the swiss . 
  i am too . 
  it 's a retarded thing to do and puts everybody at greated risk since it encourages terrorists . 
  but they did n't do it cuz they hate the israelis or whatever . 
  replace israel with any other country that has no power on them and they 'd do the same . 
  [ uk relations with france would suffere a devastating blow ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/defence/9767736/thatchers-blistering-attack-on-french-over-exocets-during-falklands.html ) said thatcher . 
  falkland war . 
   we do not have experience integrating large , homogenous groups of non-european immigrants all at once that 's pretty much obvious since romania 's still struggling to integrate 2 million gypsies . 
  but i do n't think 4k is a large mass of immigrants . 
   the eu 's short-sightedness and near-authoritarianism yeah . 
  cuz apparently romania , a country of 20 million with about 2-3 million immigrants in the eu thinks accepting 4 k is an overbearing amount . 
   what happened in cologne can happen anywhere else in europe , it 's already happening in france . 
  people who live next to romanian camps say they make life awful . 
   for years now we 've been considered a second-rate member of the eu and been given roadblock after roadblock . 
  do you need a handkerchief man ? 
  i 'm starting to feel bad for you ... 
  again this is not a case of a european country x negotiating with terrorists to support european country y. 
  this is a country x saying meh my citizens are more important than other citizens . 
   consider for a second what would be the reaction if this had happened with the ira or the eta let 's play a hypothetical game . 
  let 's say eu country a is at war with non eu country b. 
  country b buys missiles from eu country c. country c sends experts to help country b in their problems . 
  but eu country a tells eu country c to stop . 
  country c says sure sure , but `` forgets '' to call in all of their experts . 
  just to mess around with country a or i dunno . 
  b used those missiles and used the knowledge c experts gave them to kill a soldiers and sink a big a war ship . 
  it was a massive scare for country a. 
  do n't you think my completely imaginary scenario is way more serious than this situation ? 
  i do notre condone what the swiss did but you 're twisting it as some anti-israeli policy when it 's not . 
  they did n't do it on purpose to spite israel, 
   we traded people who killed our citizens , no other country ever objected to those swaps or was affected by them . 
  what if a country had opposed it ? 
  see how it becomes relative, 
  dude , i get you 're emotional , being israeli , but chill the hell up . 
  it 's not like you never traded somethind with the palestinians . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_israeli_prisoner_exchanges here you go , prisoner swaps . 
  in that list you 'll find prisoner swaps between israel and plo . 
  i guess israel `` profitted '' too , huh, 
   that our country is one of the safest in the continent ? 
  yeah when you export all your criminality , you become safe . 
  colour me shocked . 
   at least not without the eu giving us something in return . 
  that 's eastern europe . 
  so uhm what do i get in exchange ey ? 
   has france requested the help of romanian authorities ? 
  yes they have : http://mobile.francetvinfo.fr/faits-divers/police/paris-des-policiers-roumains-pour-lutter-contre-la-delinquance-des-roms_1046829.html here you go in romanian https://www.politiaromana.ro/ro/comunicate/misiune-operativa-a-politistilor-romani-in-franta1435745271 it 's the 7th such mission since 2012 . 
   but that happens because the spanish authorities cooperate with the romanian ones much more closely blah blah blah , i dont bother googling stuff i just start bashing . 
  the reality is that the big wigs and those that control the criminal organisations stay in romania . 
  they are n't bothered much by romanian police . 
  lets take an example :  http://m.adevarul.ro/locale/iasi/clanul-speriat-vestul-estul-istoria-cordunenilor-cei-mai-periculosi-interlopi-moldova-ultimelor-decenii-1_54bcd116448e03c0fdbd8478/index.html well known criminal gang that deals in prostitution , drugs , etc. 
  what happened to their boss ? 
   http://moldovanews.ro/143234/general/top-stiri/corduneanu-achitat-definitiv-de-curtea-suprema/ acquitted . 
  well what a shocker . 
  and it goes on and on and on , the list . 
  you can arrest the small time criminals in france , but that wo n't change anything cuz the heads stay in romania . 
  and then romanians complain : but why do westerns have a poor image of us : s ? 
   now they come to your country , start living in the exact same subhuman conditions , they build their own . 
  france is n't supposed to give them social housing cuz guess what : they 're not french . 
   yet romania is still to blame ... yup . 
  check out illiteracy rates amongst the gypsies in romanian . 
   they did profit , they were promised that no terror attacks by the plo would be against swiss targe i think you misunderstand the word profit . 
   creates a precedent and makes future numbers unpredictable . 
  stop worrying about block of salt that might fall on yoir head and start looking at the present and current situation . 
  well ciolo\u0219 says mathematical formulas should n't apply cuz romania is n't used to accepting foreigners . 
  what about the polish during ww2 ? 
  there are more muslims in se romania that there are in the baltics . 
  but they 're not arabs ... well romania accepted a great deal of arabs during communist times that went to study in romanian universities . 
  heck araft was born in syria . 
  4k refugees , the amount romania would get is by no means a large one that can not be absorbed by a 20 million country . 
  his arguments have no basis . 
  well your comment is illogical and non-sensical . 
   once an opportunity to profit from it emerges how did the swiss ** profit ** from that ? 
  yes they negociated with terrorists and that 's bad ( though it 's obvious many such cases happened before in the case of kidnappings but we dont like to admit it ) . 
  but that 's not like they 're profitting huh ?
