  the fact that she received 3 times fewer means that education that play a significant part . 
   they are being accused of being part of the g\u00fclen movement , which , by any definition , is a criminal organization . 
  you can not declare someone is part of a criminal organisation and punish them . 
  you have to ** prove ** that they engaged in criminal activities . 
  but then again , i realise that turkey is not a democratic country based on rule of law . 
  the guy is talking about germany not france . 
  weird how i did n't have any problems . 
  if you have a r\u00e9sum\u00e9 that makes you a must-interview candidate . . you will get plenty of interviews . 
  how about you give me some numbers related to bac +5 people who are looking for a job ? 
  because for shitty unqualified jobs ... no one gives a crap who you hire . 
  do you have proof that 12k educators were directly involved in the coup ? 
  if so ... can you present to me that proof ? 
  thank you . 
   when they loose their privilege . 
  who loses what ? 
  it is the multinationals that had over the privileges from the population of the rich countries to ... well to themselves . 
  they go in poorer countries and exploit the populations there . 
  in what conditions are your iphones made , how about the shirts you buy from zara ? 
  they take advantage of the fact that regulations or worker rights do n't mean shit in china . 
  what 's the level of pollution in china , or eastern europe . 
  what 's the level of democracy in china ? 
  they were told by their masters that if they give away their freedoms they will make more money . 
  just like they told us if they move factories then we will have very cheap products and that 's good cuz we can buy more and more . 
  we were all put in stalemate . 
  the chinese wo n't ask for more freedom or democracy because omg they 'll lose their jobs . 
  and we wo n't ask for better conditions for them because omg cheap pants . 
  welcome to neo-colonialism . 
   greece might be on there on there where ? 
  good . 
  so you can show me proof that those 15k educators were involved in blacklisting and corruption . 
  thank you , i will wait . 
  if you can not provide that ... you are defacto supporting a witch hunt . 
  so let 's start a massive witch hunt . 
  yeey what a democratic country . 
  darn i hope we lift your visa only in some 200 years . 
  a german that is for a massive witch hunt . 
  awesome . . 
   gulenist lawyers and judges illegally removed previous officers from their positions why were n't they removed before , then ? 
   gulenist deans illegally favored their own why were n't they removed before then ? 
   gulenist educators illegally prepared blacklists of their students for their counterparts in government offices why were n't they removed before then ? 
  did they discover all this * after * the coup ? 
  illuminati uuuuu . 
  we got ta continue dehumanising them a bit more . 
  they 're a cult , a kabbalah . 
  i bet they have orgies at night where they kill virgins and drink their blood . 
  fear , we got ta fear . 
   by erdogan replacing them . 
  yes . 
  just like the jews were super important and had to be removed ... of course . 
  it 's amazing how it all makes sense if you 're on a witch hunt . 
   the jews were not doing the things you describe ask a neo-nazi if the jews are doing that , 
   the power to indoctrinate children [ wo n't someone please , think of the children ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/qh2swsvrrmo ), 
  i mean we all knew he was a cock sucker . 
  hey . 
  maybe he just sucked that wrinkled sausage . 
  you ca n't say what went on . 
  dude have you ever seen algerians or kabyle people ? 
  they 're basically white . 
   what if i cant find a job ? 
  did you try finding a job and were denied ? 
   everytime there is an attack im like `` ok shit is over . 
  they gon na vote for the right wing . . '' it seems like it 's more in your head than any real * long term * problems you 'd face . 
  did you and will you meet crazies in the street ? 
  yes . 
  but the vast amount of people are normal joe that just wan na live their lives without skinning coloured people . 
  or [ a rapier ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rapier ), 
   not every muslim attends muslim brotherhood schools or make donations or gets a job at recommendation of muslim brotherhood . 
  if mb were big enough in france , yeah muslims would live together with mbs . 
  we got ta remove all muslims because that 's the normal thing . 
  mb just follows the quran just like any muslim . 
  i do not want any risk . 
  i thought the ottomans were stopped at vienna . 
  exactly what the cia would say :|, 
  how do i know if a muslim is n't in the muslim brotherhood man ? 
  you can not be too safe . 
   they are not being arrested or killed . 
  so i can remove you from your job for any arbitrary reason , blacklist you and tell you to suck it up because you 're not arrested or killed ? 
  mkay . 
   if lets say muslim brotherhood tried to overthrow french government with force and fail . 
  how should the french government treat muslim brotherhood members working for it ? 
  well obviously remove all muslims from any professional activity . 
  obviously . 
  we all know that muslims live by the quran and if the quran tells them to kill apostates then they should . 
  and muslims listen to that 100 % . 
  they 're a danger . 
  being removed from your job is not punishment ? 
  are you for real ? 
  the fact that the govt knows you and has you on its blacklist is n't a punishment ? 
   vulture . 
  yup . 
  i circle around dead bodies . 
  and i just found a dying turkey . 
  yummy . 
   because you speak turkish why ? 
  does `` blanket punishment for 15k people simply because of their thoughts '' translates as `` democracy democracy democracy demoooocracy '' in turkish ? 
   it would be hard for a european to understand but it is actually true . 
  no it 's very easy to understand . 
  we basically invented witch hunting and the most recent example was the nazis . 
  you take a minority of people you always kinda hated : lets call them the jews .
