  sure it 's awesome for some stuff , if you 're rich but they ignored the poor hence the poor overall results . 
  it 's not the military spending that forced them to make those choices . 
  nice try troll , 
   whereas europe caters to their citizens and spends less on defense , knowing the us will pick up the tab . 
  both europe and the us the vast amount of spending goes on non-military govt spending . 
  the us is a massive economy though and their spending is larger . 
  but it 's silly to claim that they can not take care of their citizens because of army spending . 
  yes . 
  we 're no longer a super power . 
  such is life . 
  i 'd rather give people jobs here than fight dumb wars abroad . 
  if your country is powerful , great , more power to it . 
   yea i think they said the same thing after ww1 . 
  did they have a and h bombs after ww1 ? 
   seems fairly hypocritical to complain of involvement in libya and then pat yourself on the back over mali . 
  think of a student that passes exams . 
  some he succeeds others he fails . 
  we failed lybia we succeeded mali . 
  it would be stupid to not learn anything from these tests . 
  wars of defense we can do , wars of attack , we fail time and time again . 
  france can defend itself and its interests . 
  if others have other interests , well more power to them . 
  we should learn from obama , stop starting wars left and right because that wo n't solve anything . 
  we have to learn to compromise : compromise in syria , compromise in ukraine , compromise in georgia . 
  that means we do n't get everything but we do n't lose everything . 
  ooooor we can put a nice banner `` mission accomplished '' on our biggest boat and strut around while the thing is ready to fall . 
  look at the geopolitical realities . 
   and mali is a defensive war for france ? 
  an ally asked for help . 
  it was provided . 
  if we 'll be able to , we 'll provide it . 
  if not , oh well . 
  the days of major wars are over . 
  for countries already in nato it 's good . 
  for countries outside that neighbour russia , it 's game over . 
  germany opposed georgia and ukraine joining nato ( wisely so ) . 
  as obama shows ( and as the politics of clinton will show ) europe will be less and less interesting . 
  the sea of china is where it 's happening for the us . 
   with that reasoning why have a military at all  we do need those 4 nuclear subs patrolling   or france . 
  i mean you were in libya after all . 
  yes , our american president . 
  he was much loved , he was . 
   thankfully people did n't have the same attitude in ww2 , eh ? 
  lybia was hardly a defensive war like ww2 . 
  let 's keep things relevant . 
   right so your army is good until you actually need to use it ... how do we need to use it in lybia ? 
  is it a french territory ? 
  til . 
  there is no shame to recognise the limits that exist . 
  instead of doing the us way : lets start a war and pull out midway when it 's already messy , we should say : yeah fuck it . 
  wars do n't fix shit . 
   let 's hope for only small wars in the future then , eh ? 
  doubt france will be attacked any time soon . 
   from most reports it was stretched in libya . 
  ran out of bullets , had to depend on the us . 
  we were in lybia because of sarkozy . 
  he thought just because we 're in nato we can bomb everybody . 
  it was retarded and we 're better without having a `` big brother '' . 
  look at mali . 
  small , efficient , punctual help . 
  we 're good at that , not acting like the us . 
  we should mind our own business . 
   look at how france fared in libya . 
  exactly : sarkozy thought we 're in nato lets go boom boom boom . 
  little fucker he should have minded his business . 
  we need a new de gaulle not some little wimps . 
  friggin pathetic . 
  we = french . 
  as in it 'll be better for everybody involved ? 
  i am only 50 % joking here . 
  do n't blame me i am french : i am happy with both secularism and france being outside nato ( damn sarkozy ) . 
  it 's fine man . 
  it was a good run . 
   europeans are fairly happy to rely on the us for their defense . 
  we have nuclear subs and we make our own fighter planes ** and ** and aircraft carrier . 
  we 're good . 
  and it kinda looks like the flag of texas . 
  you guys are a bit similar . 
  the [ 80 's ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/31/6e/28/316e285287631886b050ee7806c8a0f8.jpg ) are back . 
   yeah it would be great to have a visa-free travel with eu etc. , but it 's not the main problem in the country now . 
  is visa free travel really n the table for ukrainians in this agreement ? 
  well i mean technically he is right . 
  schroedinger 's corruption . 
  mass confiscation is . 
  yeah . 
  except in france . 
  you can not refuse payment in cash . 
   but the principle , the right to do business as one wishes a business has to provide conditions for disabled people . 
  so i do n't see why this is such a big deal ? 
  if you 're in the business of accepting money , you can not refuse it . 
  it makes no sense to refuse cash . 
  especially for small sums . 
  well that 's not how it works in france , under a certain sum they can not refuse cash https://www.service-public.fr/particuliers/vosdroits/f10999 with some conditions ( no more than 50 coins for example ) . 
  and in france it is a moot point since under 3000 , they can not refuse cash . 
   you having the right to do something does n't mean everyone else should be forced to change their routine to accommodate you . 
  then it stops being a right . 
  and they force me to make a large deposit in their account ? 
  do you have any example of a eu govt taking by force the property of people ? 
   all your examples apply to both situations . 
  if i have 100k in the bank and the bank goes bankrupt , i can only get about 50k back .
