  surely there 's a more relevant example than denmark . 
  he 's just jelly cuz we 're bffs in syria atm . 
  yes . 
  i believe we 're going a bit too far with this . 
  loose monkeys . 
  mmmm ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  compared with how much killing was involved , it 's still impressive ;, 
   ** with agonizing concern , **  giorgos kosmopoulos  director of the greek division of amnesty international lettre ending confirms that this is written by someone from amnesty international . 
  it 's a joke man . 
   protecting the sdf . 
  we 're protecting the sdf ? 
  what 's that whole scandal about the rich in the 16th arrondissement trying to remove them ? 
  god man . 
  thanks for telling . 
  we were about to commit a horrible mistake : /, 
  what leverage does france need besides : neah not gon na sign that deal ? 
  dirty little secret : the refugees do n't want to come to france so we 're under no particular pressure . 
  terrorist attack ? 
  ca n't be . 
  amnesty international told france they should stop the state of emergency . 
  they started putting the nutters in solitary confinement . 
  the raided some spots in france after the attacks . 
  they found 398 firearms , 39 being combat fire arms , not sure what that means . 
  still impressive . 
  i just do n't trust melons . 
  they 're shifty . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  shame nissan as a partnership with renault, 
  you are one poor confused soul . 
  now i understand why you 're also confused by the whole fyrom macedonia debate . 
  you believe that just stating things , makes them true . 
  i bet you really wan na be american because they 're the side that god is with . 
  they say it all the time , so it must be true . 
  you believe in the case of latin europe that is was a phase , a fad . 
  people just decided one day to speak a latin language out of the blue . 
  well no , sorry to contradict you . 
  there are direct connections between the french language and latin . 
  direct connections between french law and roman law . 
  it was n't some dude after 2000 years saying : hey lets change everything and become like those weird ancient people for fun and giggles . 
  roman law still survived in the south . 
  in the north of france the system was different and closer to what the germanic had at the time . 
  we did n't just build a few columns and declare hey guys we 're heirs of the romans . 
  the greeks do n't declare themselves the heirs of ancient greek for shits and giggles . 
  what language did homer write in ? 
  what about plato ? 
  was is slavic ? 
  was it ancient greek ? 
  wait do n't tell me ... 
  this is why the debate is important . 
  you believe current cultures have no connection with the past . 
  that 's false . 
   it 's over 40 years ago so unless you come form one of the countries involved or are quite old you might well be aware there was a conflict , but not of the details that 's why we 're not talking about it in france or ireland . 
  are we bitching that the greeks , cypriotes and turkish are talking abour their problems ? 
  you mention the troubles from time to time , do n't you ? 
  how about the abuses the catholic church did , kidnapping kids etc. 
  you still get posts from time to time on reddit about how the irish population did n't recover from the famine . 
  geesh , get over it , amiritte ? 
  oh wait , that 's part of your history and you should be able to talk about it . 
   so rather than go back and forth with you on whether it was a bad thing ( yes , obviously it was ) or whether it is justified to be angry about ( well , yeah , of course ) , i wonder whether the conflict is used constructively , or as a distraction in modern political discourse . 
  & nbsp ;  on a sidenote , a quick glance on wikipedia site for the conflict tells me that the whole conflict is a lot more rotten than i thought it was , and both parties shamed their cultures : you 're answering your own questions . 
  it is a serious conflict . 
  much like transnistria , ukraine , georgia , etc etc etc. 
  talking about it is not distracting the masses because people died and it 's not solved . 
   everyone in europe has had a roman phase . 
  everyone . 
  even the americans an ocean away had a roman phase . 
  i ca n't continue after this . 
  you just killed the debate in the first sentence . 
  americans had a roman phase . 
  okay man . 
  have a nice day . 
  1100 cypriots killed , 270 turkish , 100 greeks an illegal occuption . 
  i am confused how people could claim it 's similar to the fyrom-macedonia situation . 
  since when ethnic cleansing is being used as a distraction ? 
  since when talking about ethnic cleansing just `` some silly stuff to fool the masses '' ? 
   suicide belt he threw his suicide belt in paris . 
  they found it in a dumpster . 
   french police could make a watertight lockdown yes . 
  they can . 
  you know fully well what i 've meant . 
   learn to read . 
  what ? 
  there was an invasion that resulted in human deaths and ethnic cleansing . 
  you 're comparing that to a naming dispute that to the best of my knowledge resulted in 0 ethnic cleansig . 
  your basis is : `` politicians use it , so it 's similar '' . 
  politicians also use toilet paper to whipe their asses . 
  does that make cyprus similar to that ? 
  your comparison is non-sensical . 
  some issues are not valid , some are non very important , some are extremely important and extremely valid . 
  ethnic cleansing is one of the them . 
  well the fact that you mention an invasion that resulted in human deaths etc etc etc. 
  should make you realise it 's not the same case with a naming dispute . 
   you can appropriate it you can appropriate it , distort it , nuance it , falsify it , tarnish it , forget it . 
   who lived so long ago and in such times that they would be unable to recognise the people who live in the area of the southern balkans now . 
  that 's a non-sensical analysis . 
  the french , italians , romanians , spanish etc speak a language that is very similar . 
  without actually reading up history and finding out about the romans , you 'd not understand why that is the case . 
  even more so : the french civil code is based on the napoleonic civil code itself based on the roman code . 
  the fact that france was a roman province had a deep deep deep impact that lingers to this day . 
  the same and ever more so is true for greek .
