  saw the bbc article . 
  scary : /, 
   that is the level of salary in indonesia . 
   that blew my mind . 
  the median salary in indonesia is higher than in netherlands ? 
  wow  so the salary for an experienced hire is already very high since several years ago . 
  what does the curve look like as you gain more experience ? 
  now i have to stalk you and make you suffer . 
  or i 'll just vote psd . 
  is n't there a lot of drama in that business . 
   well , obana never produced his birth certificate . 
  he probably is muslin . 
  god i ca n't wait for trump to win . 
  ntot a real news source . 
  it 's in the same sentence man . 
   plus , the salary i will get in indonesia is actually higher than the salary i receive in the netherlands , but that 's only a minor factor in our decision . 
  but i 'm sure that if it were the level of an indonesia salary , you would reconsider the moving part , 
  slurping i do n't find disgusting . 
  it 's okay . 
  it 's the chewing with your mouth open that bothers me . 
   defend kebab !, 
  i 'm sorry man . 
  no kebab is safe with me . 
  so you 're an engineer in netherlands getting a nice salary and you 're planning on moving back home because there are some emotional discussions that do n't involve you whatsoever ? 
  http://www.liberation.fr/futurs/2015/06/14/ventes-d-armes-le-grand-boomdes-exportations-francaises_1329625 2015 was a great year for french arms exports . 
  saudi arabia bought for 8 billion . 
  if it 's not france another country will step in . 
   la liberte raped once again . 
  :d like when france , uk and israel attacked egypt to take the suez canal back ? 
  that 's sum gud freedom . 
  yes . 
  and ? 
  the current state is not working in terms of security . 
  we 've been in a state of security for 3 months . 
  extended for another 3 . 
  and i can assure u with the euro , it 'll last until after . 
  nobody 's happy and in the run up towards the elections more and more candidates will declare themselves against schengen . 
  we have our shit already . 
  we do n't need belgium 's too . 
  of course of course . 
  it 's a vibrant flemish community . 
  vub after all . 
  the flems will overcome . 
  how could i ever lie about that . 
  better now  ? 
  this may shock you , but i can still get pissed and not be able to follow the video : o, 
  fine man . 
  but do n't complain when people point fingers . 
   so because men above 25 could vote , everyone in the nation was guilty of genocide ? 
  i i am simply saying the belgian people do cary a heavy responsability . 
   around brussels , the plurality of immigrants is french despite the area being officially monolingually dutch . 
  i yes but bruxelles is french speaking so it is not a huge surprise . 
  if you zoom in the map , you see the french stay in the south too . 
  it 's the flad of chad . 
  easy mistake to make , with the dots being so small . 
   except around brussels . 
  what do you mean ,, 
   in 2014 , they had to cross 4 borders . 
  now they have to cross 6 . 
  big difference ? 
  do you remember when they were blocked in hungary , when they were blocked all over south europe and merkel had to say okay let them in , we 'll take them . 
   toilet marian kotleba snp regarded as a coup for the guerrillas and bandits and accordingly did . 
   bathrobe bansk\u00e1 bystrica region marian kotleba day of celebration in the slovak national uprising at the office posted up two mourning flags . 
  worth it . 
  if french means being silent enough and not making crappy noises with your mouth at the dinner table , yes i am french . 
  but sadly i 've seen my fair share of non french french . 
   the reign of terror was committed by elected government officials . 
  the first universal suffrage ( for makes only ) was happening during the terror regime . 
  so it 's a bit of a stretch what you 're claiming . 
  that 's like saying the universal elections in ee during communism were free . 
  after that the system was dismantled and they got back to a census voting system . 
  france was a very different country back then . 
  most people did n't even speak french . 
  they 'd speak their regional languages : occitan , breton etc etc etc. 
  and there is no continuity between that regime and any current regime . 
  there is a direct continuity between leopold 2nd and philippe . 
  he is his nephew 3 times removed . 
  there is a direct continuity between the algerian war and the current 5th french republic . 
  the algerian war seems more comparable . 
  both france and belgium had comparable political systems in that case . 
  had leopold been a despot , i would have agreed with you . 
  but that is not the case . 
  thanks . 
  eat with your goddamn friggin mouths closed . 
  god i hate people that eat with their mouths open . 
  had to stop watching the video . 
   eople should pay respects to fallen nazis that can not be true . 
  wtf ? 
   well this was long before universal suffrage . 
  lets see :  leopold issued three decrees in 1891 and 1892 that reduced the native population to serfs . 
  but in 1893 :  universal census suffrage for all men aged 25 and above since 1893 . 
  depending on education and amount of taxes paid , males could cast between 1 and 3 votes . 
  but hey , the belgians are not reponsible . 
  could have happened to anyone . 
   you seem very hell-bent on blaming entire nations for the crimes of their ancestors . 
  i want all victims to be recognised and responsible parties to face what they did . 
  the belgian govt was responsible just like the french govt was responsible for the attrocities committed in the colonies . 
   act like i 'm defending him whilst i 'm pointing a massive finger at him & how he did it ... 
  in order to exonerate the belgian govt and people . 
  your narative is he did it alone .
