  you mean this ? 
   why 100 deaths by chemical attack are worse than 100.000 deaths by `` normal '' bombing ? 
  because it sets a clear line . 
  you know when one uses a chemical weapon and when one does not . 
  deaths by bombing happen and everybody does it . 
  then you enter the slippery slope but how many are ok ? 
  how many per strike etc etc etc. 
  as a side note , it shows that assad can not do whatever he wants which is a good thing in the negociations to come . 
   if international law could be violated so easily , then what 's the purpose of it at all ? 
  [ * checks flair . 
   truck drivers and explosives experts is exactly what france needs : ^ ) well i do not think a frenchman is more special than a syrian . 
  i do believe that my life is as important to me as the life of a syrian is important to him or her . 
  we can agree to disagree on this matter and think europeans are more important and our lives have more value . 
   trying to procure you understand the difference between ** trying to procure ** and  some al-nusra members were captured not long ago will kilos of sarin on them ? 
   which is still a better source that your own moral outrage . 
  joy that the americans gave us a nice fireworks show :d, 
  no need to . 
  the conversation is over because the questions  how many people died in libya so fat and how many in syria ? 
  and  how many civilians did isis and al nusra kill and how many did the syrian regime . 
   since we 're europeans you can count the paris and berlin victims as being worth 3 syrians . 
  are not answered by you . 
   and it 's kinda moot anyway . 
  let us enjoy the fireworks given by the americans . 
  or probably because we removed the brutal dictator that has all the planes and guns and bombs ? 
  you want a series of friendly dictatorships around europe in order to keep the africans and middle easterners out of europe . 
  i do not want that . 
   but before the war , syria was a stable country so was the ussr after the war . 
  but yeah everything 's good if we ignore all the bad . 
   his regime was certainly no worse than that in saudi arabia , our great ally . 
  how many saudi arabians were killed by saudi arabia in the last 50 years ? 
   i 'm not arguing with you anymore good . 
  you were running out of arguments on how isis is evil and assad is necessary evil . 
  and how libya was totally worse than syria . 
   which is by an order of magnitude worse now , literally a failed state . 
  still order of magnitude better than syria . 
   we had a secular dictatorship before , very stable . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan_am_flight_103 very stable . 
   now we have isis , a civil war and endless streams of people fleeing the country to seek asylum in europe . 
  we also had a un resolution that needed to be implemented . 
  do you disagree with the un ? 
  take it up with them then . 
   so your argument is he used chemical weapons on these people , who are not kurds or anywhere near kurdistan , because he hates kurds ? 
  my argument was that he is trying to test the resolve of the americans . 
  if americans let anything fly in syria then nothing will stop them from attacking the kurds . 
  and america said : oh no , fuck you !, 
  your claim  some al-nusra members were captured not long ago will kilos of sarin on them your source :  the alleged ring never manufactured sarin , a potent nerve agent , according to turkish media . 
  dude . 
  read your own source . 
  your claim :  the only thing of military value in the village was a bomb making plant which they were bombing . 
  your source : jack shit and russian propaganda sites that are not allowed on / r/europe . 
  lel  you pretensious prick temper temper . 
   it 's probably going to be even worse than the assad one . 
  it 's going to be ultra islamist state . 
  some would it was the brutality of the assad regime that tortured hundreds of people in its prisons , that bombs its own population because he did n't want to step down that made the people become more and more radicalised . 
   the us conducted this attack rashly , without waiting for a thorough international investigation i cri evertime for a regime that killed hundreds of thousands of its own civilians :'(, 
   lybia how many people died in libya so fat and how many in syria ? 
  i shall wait for your answer   assad is shit , but the rebels are way fucking worse . 
  you did not answer my question . 
   how many civilians did isis and al nusra kill and how many did the syrian regime . 
   since we 're europeans you can count the paris and berlin victims as being worth 3 syrians . 
  c'mon i made a good offer . 
  3 syrians for every european . 
  do you not think we 're worth as much ? 
   why though ? 
  what could he gain from that ? 
  he 's already winning the war , he 's advancing everywhere . 
  wait till he meets the kurds which will happen . 
  will assad-russia be ok with splitting syria to give land to american backed kurds ? 
   now , w know the rebels are trying to make sarin , some al-nusra members were captured not long ago will kilos of sarin on them . 
  what ? 
  let me see a source on how al nusra was making sarin gas in the compound that got bombed . 
  i shall wait . 
   libya ( which is a valid concern ) . 
  so wait . 
  you think libya was bigger than syria ? 
   surprising that some french still think that way , one would think you had enough terror attacks in france because of your engagement in lybia and syria . 
  it is a war and i find it highly hypocritical to go around and cry the 150 french people killed by isis in france while telling the hundreds of thousands killed by the syrian regime : hey sorry guys , you died but that 's in order to surround europe by friendly dictators . 
   that 's a non-answer . 
  it is an answer . 
  / r/france is full of people that will tell you how the us and russian and syrian bombing is the same thing . 
  and i explained how us uses highly precise bombs while syria puts explosives in a barrel and boom . 
  end of story . 
   of course the syrian people should decide who their leader is , but in order to achieve that , assad has to win first against isis and al nusra . 
  so he 's fighting just baddy terrorists ? 
  with barrel bombs that kill hundreds of civilians ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_syrian_civil_war_barrel_bomb_attacks those are just collateral damage right ? 
  how many civilians did isis and al nusra kill and how many did the syrian regime . 
  since we 're europeans you can count the paris and berlin victims as being worth 3 syrians . 
   then the international community has to put pressure on russia , so that there will be elections . 
  myes . 
  once assad gets full control of syria i am sure that russia and assad will sit with the us and everybody at a big table to discuss how he 's willing to give away all his power . 
  that 's how it works . 
   maybe you french could first concetrate on libya . 
  '' nice '' job . 
  that was a un resolution that needed to be imposed . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1973, 
   if you want action , i 'll pay my taxes and vote for someone favorable for an intervention under a un mandate like macron . 
  neah . 
  i 'm way too happy today to see a killer like assad get his airports blown for using chemical weapons , to troll . 
   yeah , let 's risk a war with russia then .
