  speaks heaps about the americans , does n't it ? 
  i love old pictures . 
  weird how portuguese women in terms of beauty are all or nothing . 
  they 're either gorgeous or yikes . 
   the dude who tried to run into a police station with a knife was registered as a refugee over 20 times in different states . 
  that one was a nutter . 
  it had nothing to do with isis . 
  we 're talking about the real deal here . 
   it 's not only germany . 
  it is pretty much all central and northern countries . 
  what 's with all these northern countries . 
  sweden and denmark would not be included . 
  this is a eurozone project . 
  netherlands ? 
  really just that man ? 
  i 'm sure some coaxing would make it work . 
   surprisingly it 's the countries who have problems who want it and the countries that are doing well who do n't / have objections . 
  well no common fiscal policies will mean the death of the eurozone . 
  i still can not believe we have a one currency but not a common fiscal policy . 
  we 're killing europe . 
  we 're killing finland now . 
  why did uk leave the ecu ? 
   25 times in different states , what ? 
  who are you talking about ? 
  do n't make up facts man . 
   you know we wo n't do that ( hint : history ) . 
  finance other countries then that do that ? 
   there wont be another million refugees in germany . 
  thanks to the v4 . 
   does not mean that we should not engage in paneuropean affairs . 
  engage then with everybody . 
  why is merkel demanding anything and not the eu ? 
   nont wanting greece to be fucked is no `` fault '' in my opinion . 
  we just esyablished we 're fucking them through our fiscal policies and the desire to not have eurobonds . 
   i do n't see schengen breaking down any time soon . 
  once the influx from the south stops that 's funny . 
  you wan na open that again . 
   propose better ones . 
  better ones that have approval in boths sides of the continent . 
  ** eurobonds ** #eurobonds . 
  i forgot about germany and how regressive it is . 
   as all international experts agree - people who want to commit acts of terror here do not need to come as a refugee , they could simply come by plane . 
  3 people that committed the paris attacks are confirmed to have followed the refugee route . 
  two were non-europeans . 
   isis is a threat to anyone exactly . 
  where 's the european help in syria ? 
  i am not seeing any . 
  are you ? 
   refugees were here before germany did anything . 
  let 's see once summer comes . 
  how you 'll hold up with another million refugees . 
  i bet it 'll be super fun . 
   maybe you should up your game , get your economy running again and play the part you are meant to play - the natural counterweight to germany ? 
  exactly . 
  the french should work on french problems . 
  how about the germans ? 
  it 's little wonder that germany is trying to lead ( even though it might fuck up sometimes ) when there is nobody else to do it . 
  dude , you have a messiah complex . 
  there 's little to talk here , you see no fault in your policies and you wan na go full steam ahead . 
  fiscal policies that have destroyed a country and are burying the south for the long term . 
  because the refugee crisis , schengen is breaking down . 
  full steam ahead man . 
   to our two countries . 
  yes but to the greeks 1.5 billion is money . 
   first of all , this would not qualify as eurobonds . 
  they 'd get money at a lower rate . 
  and that 's a good thing . 
   risk sharing , something that we do not want . 
  yet we have to share the refugee risks . 
  thanks mate . 
  that 's generous of you . 
  two refugees that seem very much connected to the paris attacks were found in austria . 
   this is not a national issue , this is a european issue . 
  isis is a national issue . 
  how was that germany netherlands game ? 
  fun ? 
  ee countries have decided they were having none of it . 
  wake up to the reality of what europe is . 
   your country has essentially played the role germany is playing now for decades . 
  better up your game then . 
  nobody 's happy with the results . 
   750 millions are actually pretty much nothing in these days . 
  to the greeks ? 
   because , as we all know , our governments do not have own money as they are heavily in debt . 
  do you believe we 're lending them money at the rate we got it ? 
  is n't merkel against eurobonds ? 
  that would allow a common rate for france , germany and greece but of course merkel wants only the good sides of a fiscal policy and none of the drawbacks . 
  it 'll blow up sooner or later . 
   we will certainly exercise pressure . 
  [ with great success !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r13riarkgo0 ) just like france is bombing isis without much eu help ( except uk ) , germany should work on the issues it interests it and leave other countries alone . 
   we are not really making profit from it . 
  here ya go : http://www.iwh-halle.de/d/publik/presse/30-15.pdf and from the interest rates , france made 750 million . 
  germany has more greek debt so they made more . 
  we truly are generous people . 
   it is not solely germanys responsibility to help greece . 
  no , but why get up in arms like that . 
  why not call in all eu countries . 
  merkel can not decide for france last time i 've checked . 
  am i wrong ?
