   greece is an original member from 1981 yeah i 'm thinking more about the original six . 
   that high migration has been a beneficial thing for western europe . 
  western europe can take newer eu states best human capital , instead of a slowly realiable growth we decided to go with an explosive growth model . 
  that was a bad choice if we look at what happened in spain , italy or portugal . 
  besides germany , all the other countries suffer from high unemployment so the whole `` human capital '' is really up for debate if it 's really that useful . 
   not to mention western europe got access to newer eu states markets . 
  huge win for western europe . 
   the majority of them have been exemplary additions . 
  not really . 
  greece for example . 
  also their level of development can not be compared to the west so we 've seen quite high migration . 
   germany is the biggest single player in the eu , that is right , that comes with being the biggest economy and the largest population for how long ? 
  then it 's no surprise that russia is more dangerous . 
   the most significant intelligence risk against sweden what 's an intelligence risk ? 
   jon was leagues above any others . 
  i guess because he cared . 
  samantha bee is okay too . 
  i find her better than john, 
  nope man . 
  clearly it 's eu 's fault for everything . 
  we strayed from the path man . 
  instead of an ever closer union we get an ever larger one . 
  it 's bursting at the seams . 
  france is a gigantic parasite that uses its influence in the eu to leech money from the north to paris . 
  :d now do n't be salty little one . 
   here he was , a refugee , an exile from his own country under sentence of death , in a position entirely dependent on the goodwill of the british government , and also now of the united states . 
  the germans had conquered his country . 
  he had no real foothold anywhere . 
  ah yes . 
  he should have been humble and stayed in his corner . 
  darn how dare he not bow before the mighty churchill . 
  let 's face it , the reason france fell and britain did n't was because of the english channel . 
  not because the brits were more exceptional . 
   he was fearful of british entry into the eec principally because he wanted it to be a french dominated organisation and did n't want anglo and american interests overshadowing those of france in europe . 
  and was he wrong ? 
  clearly the brits have very very diverging ideals compared to the eu . 
  the british are just as arrogant as the french . 
  so they can not stand being in an organisation they did n't create and they do n't lead . 
  i hope they finally some of that courage back and vote out . 
  dude de gaulle was doing you guys a favour when he refused you guys entry . 
  that old foggie was a friggin visionary . 
  he called it when it said europe was not your place . 
  you just do n't get it . 
  an insular nation . 
   i mean , take a random journalist in france and see if he speaks romanian ... france is not in the international romanophone organisation . 
  romania is in the oif . 
  not to mention that the vast majority of romanians do study french as lv2 . 
  and as a journalist she had to . 
  so neah not a good image . 
   the israelis have been a bit disrespectful to sweden how ? 
  the ambassador is correct . 
  it is anti-semitism . 
   kaplan or caplan is also a family name common among ashkenazi jews , i 'm confused . 
  what 's the mystery ? 
  he 's a turk . 
  it says in your link that it 's also a turkish name meaning lion . 
  not related to caplan . 
   trade , 15.9 % of our exports goes to germany , that might become an issue if we exit the eu . 
  why ? 
  it 's not like other european countries stop existing . 
  it 's not like we 'll create blocades . 
  it 's simply a closer and tighter union . 
  of course that wo n't happen over night because things are a bit so and so nowadays , but you get the gist . 
   question why would you want us to leave because basically the reasons you mentioned . 
  it 's a stalemate now trying to please everybody . 
  i mean honestly what does the european project do for you guys and what do you guys do for the european project . 
   then we would properly pursue a nordic federation that 'd be great for you guys . 
  not exactly powerhouse countries that are pivotal to the european project . 
  i hope denmark would leave after uk ( not because of your flair or anything ) . 
  and netherlands a close second because it 's just a fiscal paradise lite, 
  it is a thing stopping that . 
  let 's not forget it has a large political influence . 
  maybe in the wake we might shed a few other countries . 
   of course both will be weaker maybe we can go forward with more federalism . 
  people in lyon for instance talk too fast and with an odd intonation that makes it almost incomprehensible . 
  wait till you hear quebecois speaking . 
   on most economic and demographic trend we are set to be the 4th largest in 15 years or so . 
  what did trends before the crash of 08 say ? 
   i assume the low number ones are all in some zoos or tiny nature reserve . 
  the ones in romania are actually the descendents from a couple brought from poland . 
  so inbreeding is kinda high , thus being a problem since there is n't enough genetic variation . 
   in the meantime , marine only speaks french . 
  dude she 's utterly incompetent . 
  her only quality is she had the right dad . 
  yeah yeah but her french is kinda spotty . 
   what is the problem ( she used the wrong gender for problem ) with the declaration of your good ( should have been patrimoine ) what is investigated by the police ? 
  ciolos for example speaks a very neat and fluent french . 
  i understand that iacobescu has seniority and stuff but still , i 'm sure they can find quite a few journalists that speak a nice french too . 
  a country in the organisation internationale de la francophonie . 
  has plently of fluent french speakers , even organised one oif summit in [ 2006 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organisation_internationale_de_la_francophonie ) they can find plently of well versed romanian journalists that speak fluent french . 
  and le pen not speaking any english , that 's also pathetic . 
  a politician that can not speak english and a journalist that can not speak french . 
  interesting intersection . 
   invaded another country in europe for aminute i got scared there.ya know lybia and all that . 
   who first watched us getting killed by the germans and then gave us to the soviets i do n't think you ever opened a history book dude . 
  ever . 
  i mean france is a greater threat existential threat than isisi because well we have nukes . 
  the only way to deal with any nation is to : a ) invade and build defences b ) negociate and build defences what are our options here ? 
   like the raf in 20 how many genocides did raf perform ? 
   i think the ps would be mad to let him run the ps can not but back hollande is he chooses to run .
