  no croissants or pains au chocolat for you :| friggin ronaldo fanboys telling us where we can and can not go !, 
  i think we 're more political maybe . 
  i heard people suggesting that and i did n't believe it but i guess it 's true . 
   fife what does uefi say ? 
  need a shoulder to cry on ? 
  a blanket and a hot cup of cocoa to warm you up ? 
  dude , we 're not better off . 
  not by a loooooong shot . 
  hollande has 20 % approval rates . 
  you should study logic . 
  p implies q means non q implies non p , 
  only if we can come in the spring . 
  you mean an excuse to stoke up bs patriotic feeling that the outsiders are pulling you down and without you 're rule supreme like back in the good ol' days . 
  fuck me , you 're probably right . 
  aww . 
  he wants to wule the waves : , 
  that 's crazy for me . 
  we 're complaining that no one is voting when our presidential elections are at 75 % turnout . 
  edit : http://www.france-politique.fr/elections-presidentielles.htm 80 % in 2012 , it was a low turnout year . 
   give portugal motivation to leave too !, 
  where do you wan na go lil ' buddy ? 
  but if i pray , will that work ? 
  blue is my home with a blue little window . 
  as an outsider and european i think it is :p . i dunno i 'll report in november, 
  well i guess i 'll have to visit scotland . 
   anger is a very powerful emotion in politics and people , i think , will come to ukip in their droves . 
  okay i 'm in the remain . 
  scots and londoners ... do your magic . 
  make me dream . 
  when will the results be posted ? 
  nope man . 
  someone found the formula for cold fusion water fueled engines . 
  but the lizard big pharma people deleted all evidence . 
  french . 
  my inner devlish side wants an exit ( also the belief that maybe a stronger leaner eu will emerge , maybe scotland will gain its independence ) . 
  but also an in is just as good , why rock the boat ? 
  yeah but now you feel the salt . 
  it radiates . 
  in football you always get a chance in 6 months up to 4 years . 
  this is raw . 
  raw and salty and so dirty . 
  friggin better than trump clinton i bet . 
  the english better hope london delivers a remain or the uk might lose it 's u. 
   when we 've left and stabilised , expect others to take the plunge . 
  hope they will . 
  we can back to original 6 . 
  :d hell ya we 'll make good good things . 
  buy low , sell high !, 
  or alternatively : buy some callable range accruals . 
  pay attention to the smile though or it will fuck your hedge . 
  hope scotland wont fuck off mate  . 
  we the french are very partial to them :d vive l'ecosse libre . 
  first comment i read : would not expect the scots to vote remain . 
  i closed the website . 
   an english professor is `` more educated '' than an engineer no . 
  they have about the same level of upper education . 
  sometimes when it 's small you have to oversell it a bit . 
  but the time everybody figures it out , the deed 's been done . 
  i mean so i heard . 
  happy now us ? 
  look what you 've done !, 
   people are n't less intelligent okay fiiiiine . 
  peopl who vote leave are more likely to be less educated . 
  is that better ? 
  is that a chinese rip-off of reebok ? 
  he has to lead the nation in these trying times . 
  hear that boys ? 
  u is ripe for the picken ' ... 2016 was a good year , lots of heat for us to flourish . 
  i 'm confused . 
  what does that mean ? 
   i 've been studying the eu in university and my knowledge would be obsolete !, 
  switch to a * theoretical * degree in eu-olotics , 
  sample size of what though ? 
  that 's the question . 
  i have n't been so glued to my screen since ... since hungary portugal . 
  that hooker is such a tease . 
   as tight as it can possibly be right now . 
  this is going terrible for remain . 
  why ? 
  a little lube and some caressing would unclench everything , 
  saving this comment so i can come back to it later !, 
   i put 50 quid on leave you mean you bought some dollars ? 
   angela eagle did [ eagle angela ] ( http://www.dw.com/image/0,,1796302_7,00.jpg ) say anything ? 
  yeah but charybdis will surely vote to leave . 
  always butting heads those two . 
  i feel swindled by swindon . 
  if the pound continues to drop , we can always buy uk back . 
  did gb release a video saying they 're planning to trademark the queen 's reaction videos ? 
   perhaps increased polarization i knew those new fangly 3d tvs will bring the death of civiisation . 
  welp . 
  we best start flooding the channel tunnel , guys . 
  they want to remain true to their name . 
  yeah but where can the leavers go to then ? 
  falklands ? 
  they ca n't cuz the weather there is just rainy and cloudy all the time ... hey wait a minute . 
  that 's just soros shortselling . 
  how about the zloty ? 
  if there 's anything that can show us the truth , that would be it . 
  http://www.lemonde.fr/europe/article/2016/03/12/une-majorite-de-francais-souhaite-un-referendum-sur-le-frexit-la-sortie-de-la-france-de-l-ue_4881768_3214.html 45 % of french would oppose an exit . 
  33 % are for it .
