  i do n't see anyone stiffling any freedoms . 
   the fact that we 're mocking the people that want to go that one step further into the democracy spectrum baffles me . 
  that 's because it has nothing to do with democracy  . 
  and until you understand that , you 'll continue to be baffled ... not that i care that much . 
   yes , law is there to be obeyed , but you must n't forget that we can change said law at any given moment . 
  we who ? 
   the uk lies not on the laws , but the political will uk already said that they 'll refuse scotland any referendum until basically after the negociations . 
   the respect towards the people that live in the country . 
  you have the same rights as any other spaniard . 
  it seems to me that you have the exact same respect as any other citizen of spain . 
  you just want more ... 
   spanish politicians treat the constitution as though it is a godsend holy manuscrit so as to avoid taking political responsibility for opposing a referendum well that 's life . 
  we got ta respect the law . 
  \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af  uk 's , the constitution could be ( and can be ) changed at any second . 
  uk does n't have a constitution . 
   spain 's consittutional court , said this year that catalan independence was a problem of political willignes , not legality . 
  so when the spanish constitutional court blocked the previous referendum ... that was what ? 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-spain-catalonia-iduskbn1431pn?il=0  referendum ( if it goed as cataloniq 's governament plans , of course ) wont be under spanish law but catalan one . 
  you do n't get to make constitutions that supersede the current constitution of spain . 
  that 's not how a constitution works . 
   which would force international community to step in not the international community 's problem . 
  spain seems fully equipped to deal with the situation that is in according with the spanish constitution . 
   or democracy ? 
  how are your democratic needs ignored by spain ? 
  you seem to have the same rights any other spaniards has . 
   fillon and http://www.lindependant.fr/2017/04/09/finalement-francois-fillon-trouve-normal-que-l-espagne-refuse-aux-catalans-un-referendum-sur-leur-independance,3004205.php yeah finally he went back on his first declaration and said that any ref would have to be according to the constitution . 
   melenchor have both given support for a referendum this month . 
  meluche also wants to leave the eu , so yeah !, 
   china communist party oh my . 
  we 're bringing the big guns !, 
   if spain uses the force what if the spanish constitutional court decides your referendum is no bueno ? 
  not good to go against the justice system . 
  do you understand the difference between mp and politician ? 
  because if you do n't , that 's kinda serious . 
  mlp is not an mp , just mep . 
  so if she did n't have ep immunity she 'd be in deep problems ... 
   there are civil unions , and in germany its basically the same thing ugh not this again . 
  ** civil unions is not gay marriage ** . 
  for one thing , a gay couple in germany can not adopt . 
  in france or basically any other country that has gay marriage they 're allowed to . 
   does n't want experiments human rights are experiments ? 
  politicians do not have immunity in france . 
  where do you get this bs ? 
  why ? 
  who would give immunity to politicians ? 
   as a scientist if someone asked me whether gay marriage is scientific i would n't be able to answer . 
  hint : sarcasm  not everything in society is meant to be driven by `` science '', 
   no values besides logical , scientific ways of thoughts . 
  yeah . 
  it 's unscientiic to have gay marriage . 
  just watched the chappelle netflix special . 
  he used it . 
  it 's probably not common because not a ton of americans leave the us . 
  ok to receive immunity from the eu . 
  [ all 900 of them  ] ( https://www.dailysabah.com/election/turkey-2017-referendum/hungary-referendum-results ), 
  yeah basically it 's : if you 're from a rich country , you 're < insert rich country  expat . 
  if you 're from a poor country , < insert poor country  immigrant . 
  an expat is someone who is placed by their corporation/organisation to work in another country for a specific amount of time and then return back home . 
  http://dictionary.cambridge.org/fr/dictionnaire/anglais/expatriate  someone who does not live in their own country, 
   i meant that the immigration `` wave '' is still in living memory well again these people are born in france . 
  the vast majority of their parents were born in france . 
  what living memory do you want ? 
   i 'm not cherry-picking : native americans and blacks are not immigrants . 
  nor are the muslims since in their vast majority they 're born in france and have french citizenship . 
  so is it 8 % of the french population of 12 % ? 
  because that 's an error of 50 % . 
   france has less than 10 % of muslim population , while more than 60 % of its inmates are muslim . 
  i 'd like to know where you got those stats . 
  you still did n't say how blacks and native americans are different . 
  other than oh let 's cherry pick them out of the equation, 
   about the hispanic minority i would say that yes , us is pretty successful integrating it . 
  what 's your incarceration rate ? 
   neither native americans nor african americans were immigrants ; theirs is a different situation yes . 
  us and can sucked at integrating them . 
  hardly a surprise . 
   this is n't anything that would trouble germany . 
  someone forgot deutsche bank ? 
  depends how much exposure these banks have to greek debt or other banks that have greek debt and might default . 
  ask meluche or his supporters . 
  apparently it 's because now they on the evil imf . 
   personal attacks and lies are stupid what personal attack ? 
  you should be glad . 
  chamberlain was also pro peace and giving the enemy everything it desires . 
  ask neville chamberlain, 
   he propose annual talks on border conflicts  ) talks . 
  myes . 
  i 'm sure that 's what we missed . 
   escalation sanctions are escalation ? 
  dude you do sound like neville chamberlain . 
  one is helping to stem the harm from the other . 
  sanctions wo n't stop , 
   her popularity took a big hit as of late : omg 53 % . the horror : o  her decisions in autumn of 2015 . 
  meluche wants sanctions for poland and hungary and other countries that refuse refugee quotas . 
  so ... yeah.i 'm sure he 's super popular in germany . 
  one came before another . 
   he is a pacifist , against all kind of war yes . 
  a regular neville chamberlain . 
   he just think that today 's methods are inefficient and counter productive . 
  and he proposes nothing in exchange other than : `` if we give russia everything it wants , maybe we 'll have peace ! '', 
   removing sanctions would help ukrainian business .
