   britain leaving apparently has nothing to do with the eu , it 's just us being stupid/racist . 
  uk left because uk should n't [ have been part of the eu . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/onthisday/hi/dates/stories/november/27/newsid_4187000/4187714.stm ) uk simply can not stand being part of something it did not help create . 
  it did not help create and it did not help lead . 
  uk failed in the eu and as such it left . 
  it is the only logical conlusion . 
   officially , he was the b plan if hollande did n't run for a second mandate , but it looks like he is pissed about the last book about hollande and wants to go anyways . 
  there will be a primary at the left . 
  and considering that in 2015 he came out fifth place , he still does n't realise how irrelevant he is to ps and politics in general . 
   r truck full of highly taxed goods go through the small road i 'm sure the eu has the economical might to sustain such a terrible and systemic risk , 
   he was talking about goods goods go in trucks . 
  trucks go on the highway . 
  it 's very easy to control them without bothering normal joes that just wan na cross the border . 
   what no . 
  you are confused . 
  you asked a question , i answered . 
   not every country has the same priorities . 
  if they enjoy their current situation , fine . 
  but they should n't bitch when europe is n't strict on people who were even tortured and got asylum in the west . 
  ireland is n't in schengen so no , the eu wo n't really care . 
  well algeria yeah a part of what was france was given independence . 
  by that logic we should pay even local council members hundreds of thousands of euros since that 's how the career of a politician should evolve ... like a pyramid . 
  fine . 
  replace with nationalistic turds , `` patriots '' , simple people , whatever you want . 
  if they even think about putting a border , that 's what will happen . 
  yeah they 'll put lazy border controls on two , three major roads to please the jingoists while completely ignoring small roads , country roads etc etc that people use every day for convenience . 
  well then you pass through the border control * every time . 
  logic . 
   way to hostile to remain * too . 
  i thought you were british . 
  well in the case of scotland did it go through the english parliament ? 
  do they live here ? 
     the state is n't massacring civilians , it 's combating terrorism to perform its duty of protecting its citizens . 
  why not give kurds their own country ? 
  what would you lose ? 
  not really no . 
  we would have seen fn win in the regional elections last dec , yet that was not the case . 
  always the black man ends up getting stiffed by the court of law . 
  netherlands has super high co2 emissions per capita , one of the highest in europe actually . 
  fine . 
  give me examples for france then , 
   the point is that you can attack a military target with nuclear weapons without wholesale massacre of population centers . 
  in a country as dense as france ... not really ... no . 
  you will want to disrupt france completely and that can only be achieved by nuking paris . 
   who knows what could be negotiated ? 
  if the project of an eu army goes forward , and slowly but surely it will , there will be growing rifts between between uk and eu countries . 
  the fact that france makes its own nukes and launchers while uk buys them from the us also has a significant impact . 
   let 's nuke mount verdun why nuke verdun when you can nuke the defense dept hq ? 
  when we had icbms it made sense to nuke those locations , but now with nuclear subs moving around the globe undetected , you just go for the nerve centers of a nation since you can not nuke slbms, 
  well this is about a european nuclear plan . 
  uk would n't do anything without the us ... especially in nuclear matters where they do n't really have independence on this issue . 
  look at that , a nuke is heading towards paris . 
  lets wait till it explodes so we can check how strong it is and reply accordingly ... 
  uk , the country that opposes any type of eu army ? 
   what a waste of effort for nothing not really . 
  plausible deniability . 
  like it or not , sarkozy has the skills to not make stuff stick to him . 
  second best . 
  running against hollande woul deffo make her a likely winner . 
  yeah . 
  it 's a subway , what do people expect ? 
   sadly think europe started this mess with rise of anti-eu lot yes . 
  i 'm sure floridans give a crap about the eu . 
  i 'm sure 80 % ca n't tell the difference between budapest and bucharest . 
   really , by pointing out europe 's faults ? 
  we pointed out us 's fault when invading iraq ... and it was * not * pretty . 
  please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please someone call with a fake complaint and record the convo to see how far the rabid hole goes . 
  a fuckton of karma will await you and if it 's the actual number reddit gold . 
  i want a woman to explain it to me . 
  when you 'll make a comment worthy of a dignified response , i shall . 
  what 's the meme war ? 
  i missed it . 
  mist have been in my meme bunker : /, 
  so.much.circlejerking . 
  you have transcended to higher planes of circlejerking . 
  you 're n-sphere jerking now where n  10 ^ 9 . 
   middle eastern descend algeria is n't middle east . 
  your point being ? 
  many dangerous people came from there but ** vastly vastly ** more awesome people too . 
   so you are basically saying that the cancer of islamic terrorism cam with the migrant waves in the pas no . 
  they 're the children of workers that france asked to arrive . 
  there was a need for hard labour during the booming years and algerians helped fulfill that gap . 
  and the vast majority are nice people . 
  so you know ... keep your xenophobia for yourself . 
  cheers . 
  i tend to not give a shit what other people do \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af, 
  stop getting salty people do n't wan na learn a language for their 6 month stay . 
   groceries bet they couldnt find any salt since you were hoarding it all . 
   they learn 0 german and i do n't know how much else who learns a language in a year when they already have to study for stuff ? 
  * refugee crisis 1.5 million people entering europe that you 'll have to manage * terrorist attacks : a series of attacks that have happened in europe , the largest being in france and belgium caused in their majority by european citizens . 
  surely you can sense the difference ... we would have had terrorist attacks even without the refugee crisis . 
  other terrorists * that were european * also did enter through the refugee stream . 
  the vetting system was extremely light . 
  but in other cases it 's france 's fault . 
  they took passports from one of the terrorists so he can not leave france . 
  he just went to the police saying his ids was stolen and they gave him new ones ... well fuck !, 
   the paris attacks yeah . 
  2/10 refugee terrorists were from syria/iraq whatever . 
  they blew themselves up in an alley without causing any damage . 
  there were another 3 involved that were just moving around europe , and iirc they turned themselves in .
