  but uk still remains a strong destination for people from the former/actual commonwealth that have no desire to learn a new language . 
   he uk is already clear that it will give preferences to irish nationals and what do those preferences entail ? 
  you do have cta but that 's very different from fom . 
   if people are happy to move to usa or australia they will also be happy to move to uk . 
  have you seen the productivity rates of uk vs us ? 
  dude the only reason uk has the same gdp as france is because you work your asses off . 
  why would i go to a country where i work much more than here for the same salary ? 
  us all the way . 
   or maybe we 've realised our island is only so big , has finite resources and has a housing crisis that does n't look like ending . 
  we get it . 
  uk 's poorer . 
  nothing wrong with it . 
  hope you get richer man , 
   fom would work perfectly fine if it did n't included eastern european countries without any limits . 
  fom among western / northern european countries is well balanced and unproblematic . 
  the problem is that eastern europe is now more close to us than uk and any treatment given to any eu country will have to extend to all eu countries . 
  it suuuucks . 
  nothing pains me more than seeing the british leave . 
   there are more brits in australia than in all the eu27 countries combined . 
  mostly because brits would have to learn another language ... we bitch about how french or others do n't learn english , but i have yet to hear an english speaker speak french without any thick accent . 
  ( unless it 's their job to not have any accent ) . 
   the legislative is the bigger pit of snakes go out and vote then . 
   so britain , france and germany together would have trouble getting 3 brigades ( that 's usually less than 15.000 men ) together within a full month . 
  it 's not like war starts tomorrow . 
  any significant build-up of russian tanks at the border would be noticed by satellite imagery . 
  removing the executive and maybe even legislative branch from naming the head prosecutors does not seem like such a bad thing imho . 
   i 've yet to see something smart from you either . 
  that 's quite an honour coming from someone that will vote fillon . 
   show us your fucking doctorate and we 'll talk . 
  i doubt you know jack shit about sobolev regularity of pde with non-linear boundary conditions . 
  so no ... we wo n't be talking , 
   far-left terrorists usually give warning beforehand to avoid casualties , they did n't when the imf bombing in paris happened . 
  one of the greatest dilemmas in science , how do you recognise those that make essential breakthroughs , how do you also honour those that contributed heavily , how do you signal their importance ? 
  `` why '' should average people care that electric theory and magnetic theory are unified ? 
  1 french , 1 german , 2 polish and 2 americans . 
  i 'm trying to understand the commons theme here and i do n't get it . 
   we can put them in french guiana by god , you 're ignorant, 
   but they would n't block trading routes to other superpowers , they 're not stupid . 
  no contradiction from me . 
  of course not . 
  but if they decide to block trading routes , bombing some rail ways is peanuts . 
   here is a catch it would be shame if current leading sea state ( us ) cut off your trading routes without you having any backup . 
  if that happens , they could bomb a few railroads and you 'd still be fucked . 
  i really love the video . 
  it shows two dudes singing the national anthem ( without anything mentioning it ) ** and the only thing ** that is translated is this phrase :  marchons , marchons !, 
  & nbsp ;  let us march let impure blood water our fields !, 
  not to mention the wrong translation either . 
   secretary there 's your problem right there . 
  i have yet to meet a secretary that is not bat-shit crazy , dumb as bricks or some sort of power-hungry megalomaniac . 
  i am only slightly exaggerating . 
   dude you fucking admitted it in your own comment above . 
  i can not admit to anything since i 'm not botswanian so i can not be involved in botswanian elections . 
  much less manipulate botswanian elections . 
  i 've never been to botswana . 
   and by the way i do n't have the bias you 're suggesting no , i 'm wondering what scientific degree you have or what scientific background . 
   so a country that manipulates elections has a healthier democracy than portugal or estonia , according to that shit chart . 
  did you check all the report in order to claim that it is shit ? 
  or did you google `` problems in botswana '' and beat the same dead horse ? 
  did un observers declare botswana has manipulated elections ? 
  you seem really keen to show how spain is a failed democracy when in reality ... it is n't . 
  i 'm sorry for you that you do n't live in a country with a failed democracy . 
   of a more recent 2012 french study on the subject : so you ignore a meta-study and and choose one study that confirms your bias . 
  what scientific degrees do you have ? 
   there are major concerns if it is healthy to grow up without a mother figure no there are n't . 
  a troll brought the freedom fighter catalans down :'(, 
  are we into conspiracy theories ? 
   japan manipulated elections ? 
  that 's why botswana is classed in a flawed democracy . 
  dude no need to get salty . 
  spain is a healthy democracy . 
   maybe because they have been ruled by the same party for 50 years so was japan . 
  what 's your point ? 
   maybe its because of the reports of media harrasment ? 
  there are even reports of election manipulations ... yeah . 
  that 's why it 's a flawed democracy . 
   this reaction to people fighting for liberties you 're regular william wallaces . 
  do you paint your face blue and shout freedom ? 
   botswana is a better democracy than half europe is it because they 're black that they can not have a better democracy ? 
   surely botswana is a better democracy than estonia or portugal . 
  have you been to botswana ? 
  or black people can not have anything good ? 
   i repeat , spain is n't an undemocratic country but it still has a long road stretching ahead that cries out for improvement while people like you mock any attempts at that . 
  democracy index by country : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_index#democracy_index_by_country_.282016.29 spain is 17th , uk is 16th . 
  that 's higher than italy , france , belgium . 
  stop complaining . 
   surely a referendum for the people of a place to decide their own future has got to have a tiny bit of democracy , right ? 
  what if that future means fewer rights for black people ? 
  or the death penalty ? 
  is that democratic or undemocratic ? 
  what if it means voting for the extreme left or extreme right ? 
  is that democratic or undemocratic ? 
  was turkey 's referendum an example of beautiful democracy ? 
   ask anyone in spain and they will tell you that the system is far for being the epitome of freedom . 
  i cri evertme :'(, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_index#democracy_index_by_country_.282016.29 spain seems extremely demcratic . 
  right there with uk and more democratic than france . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
   especially for france , that as well as spain and catalonia needs the mediterranean corridor for its a conomic devolopement . 
  if catalonia is out of the eu , and an independent catalonia will be out of the eu , you 'll be out of schengen and borders will go up again . 
   a region in china demands more democracy spain is n't china tho .
