  omg what a surprise . 
  if only france were a dictatorship . 
   the french professors are still big on teaching ex cathedra , meaning they stand in front of the class and literally dictate their handbook . 
  a ) you claim it 's a general thing . 
  so that 's bs straight off the bat . 
  b ) what you 're doing is hearsay . 
  you didnt experience and you have no proof and you generalise . 
  i can do the same . 
  i have friends that went to assas and had great professors . 
  have suffered through the belgian and french system . 
  in belgium , they 'd give scholarships if you were a choir boy at dont kniw what church , if you were part of i dont know what family . 
  retarded things like this . 
  in france you just fill out a paper , get your parents revenue sheet , wait in line ... boom . 
  and if i dont know what exactly the system is in belgium , that 's because there was a pisspoor student guidance system . 
  i loved the : omg the grades are on a 20 scale but the most you can expect is 16 . 
  that 's the friggin french system . 
  it 's like saying russian schools are good but they 're in russian . 
  ah , so you were talking out of your ass . 
  okay . 
  thanks for playing . 
   the french professors are still big on teaching ex cathedra where the hell did you study in france and in what topic . 
  cuz in stem , no one dictates from the text book . 
  the french do poorly because it 's ranked based on anglo-saxon systems . 
  the main structures that peoduce elites are calles grandes ecoles . 
  in science they 're basically engineering based . 
  i 'd say in engineering france is doing okay . 
  it has the tgvs , nuclear research , it makes it 's own fighter planes , big car industry , with germany it put together airbus , toulouse is the center for esa . 
  not bad i 'd say . 
  well dont come to western europe . 
  you will be shocked . 
   there are no good arguments for staying in the eu . 
  that 's a stupid thing to say and you know it . 
  there are good arguments on each side of this debate . 
  what exactly is your point ? 
  that the protestants and the catholics needed 500 years to stop killing each other ? 
  okay then . 
  can we give current muslims 500 years then ? 
  dont become a doc . 
  well , to be exact , europeans didnt immigrate at the beginning . 
  they invaded . 
   that 's true , but it does n't change the fact that it 's still kind of disgusting and unhygienic . 
  did anyone get any disease from doing that ? 
  it 's unhygienic if people get diseases . 
   but it 's still a decomposing corpse for fuck sake . 
  well in this particular case , it 's just bones , it 's no longer decomposing . 
  i 've got a few med student friends that handle a lot of human bones without any gloves or anything . 
  they 're fine . 
   so it appears that the old notion that every new generation is more liberal than the last is once again put to the test . 
  this isnt some linear process . 
  take eastern european countries . 
  after the fall of communism , religious feeling went up high really quickly . 
  when people think that their identity is being challenged , they tend to become more dogmatic . 
  actually they do have strong arguments . 
  this is just a quick article to present slogans . 
   if we ca n't increase supply then we should decrease demand . 
  so that means you 'll have to leave the eea , right ? 
  if you plan on introducing visa requirements for eu citizens . 
  wow . 
  so all those black slaves come from a euopean country ? 
  darn the things i learn every day ...  all shared a commonality with one another . 
  bull shit . 
  even back in the day you 'd have discrimination . 
  when jfk got elected people feared he 'll turn the us into a papal state . 
  not to mention that the centuries of europeans killing each did jack shit for commonality . 
  caths hated protestants and vice versa . 
  brits hated irish . 
  just google for help wanted . 
  irish need not apply . 
  italians were garlick eaters . 
  commonality my ass . 
  surely you dont have to be able to read kant to work as a cleaner , janitor , restaurant business , contructiin work etc. 
  to be fair , just like with the catholics , the remains are isolated and no direct contact ever happens . 
  it 's not like you 're fingeebanging a corpse . 
  but hey : reddit clickbait titles ftw . 
  what is this doing in the europe thread . 
  last time i 've checked , no european countries are involved in the tpp . 
  that 's the main effing problem europe is facing . 
  we 're getting poor because we ca n't / wont milk the cash cows anymore . 
  so is it fair to say the left won the elections ? 
  glad to see you have a more normal system than in france . 
  what 's this retarded map ? 
  yodellers are swiss not austria . 
  on romania 's capital : parliament ? 
  how 's that a stereotype ? 
  vw is not in the north of germany and citroen is not in the south of france . 
  also champagne is * not * in the south of france . 
  ferrari is not in genoa . 
  goddamit this makes me mad . 
  i wonder if he voted for himself or not . 
  would he think : `` neah that 's immodest . '', 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ocbfb/vienna_pearl_of_the_reich_planning_for_hitler/cvwn0q7 just under you , there 's a comment about how the anschluss was forced and austrians would have voted against it in a democratic setting . 
  what 's the usual score they get ? 
  because at parlamentary elections they get 20ish % ( 3rd power , while the top two get 26 % and 23 % ) . 
  so from that perspective , austria tends to like fast and fuhrious people . 
  romania going towards russia ? 
  that 's a joke . 
  basescu was the most anti-russian president yet . 
   this is a direct consequence of the aforementioned political move and has virtually nothing to do with schengen . 
  after 90 days , they can deport the gypsies . 
  thats why france blocks romania .
