  higher gdp per capita . 
   the general standard of living is also higher in brazil as well . 
  did you confuse guyana with french guyana ? 
  dude , honestly even if le pen wins , there 's no way we 'll manage to have a dumber president than trump . 
  honestly , wtf ? 
   i still find it funny i do n't get the joke . 
   people hate hollande because he said he 'd govern from the left but after the election moved to the center immediately . 
  those people are the 19 % ( meluch 's result ) +6 % ( hamon 's result ) . 
  sure the result would have been big enough to let one of the them in the second round . 
  but still . 
  the left was fractured , the right was fractured and as such the center won . 
  i ca n't wait for the 7th of may :d, 
  did your mom bring you a plate of chicken nuggets ? 
  fillon said time and time again that the biggest threat to the republic is le pen . 
   6.1 % for the president 's party . 
  that 's rough . 
  the only guy that said he wo n't publicly criticize hollande was macron !, 
  macron is the rightful heir of hollande 's presidency . 
  that 's the speed of our train !, 
  we 're cruising at machron 1 !, 
  we all hate hollande !, 
  let 's vote for the only guy that said he appreciates hollande . 
  :d ... no salt here tho :p, 
  actually she won with 99.82 % . 
  like in other great democracies like syria . 
   rench from northern america ( except montr\u00e9al ) : macron ( 45,35 ) -- fillon ( 25,33 ) -- m\u00e9lenchon ( 14,05 ) -- le pen ( 6,29 ) well meluche wants to tax french people living abroad using the same scheme the us has . 
  no surprise he did n't get a ton of votes . 
   good argument yeah . 
  those people complain that the current parlament is not representative enough ... which is not . 
   so the blair government was seen as doing very well leading to hapathy - turnout crashed from the high 70s to the high 50s after blair 's first election because people were happy with the way things were going yeah 61 % turnout after the worst protests in recent uk history because of the iraqi war . 
  i 'm sure people were oh so happy, 
   y beef is that the french government is in it 's 5th republic and you have a very popular candidate wanting to tear that all down and start all over again with a 6th one ok so you 're ignorant of french politics and organisation of parliamentary elections . 
  that 's kewl . 
   while fptp under-represents small parties it ensures stable , consistent one-party governments . 
  yeah . 
  unrepresentative and therefore undemocratic . 
  we know . 
   a proportional system would likely lead to a carousel of weak unstable coalitions like you see in italy . 
  i do n't see that happening too much in netherlands , in switzerland . 
  in countries where people can compromise ... you know like a democracy should be ... 
  things work out . 
  that 's why dutch turnout reaches 80 % while uk reaches what ? 
  such a low turnout for the most important election should make you question the health of your democracy . 
   how ? 
  the us and uk are both doing fine as countries and the fptp system has resulted in some remarkably stable governments compared to say italy or france . 
  what beef do you have with french govt ? 
  and us ? 
  really ? 
  congress polls at 20 % popularity . 
  it has a 3 month budget grid-lock . 
  i do n't really think that 's doing `` fine '' . 
  fptp is unrepresentative . 
  plain and simple . 
  if you want to see a representative and democratic parliament , look no further than the dutch system . 
  that 's german efficiency for you !, 
  i see that they raised the scholarships . 
  smth smth hollande was n't a lefty smth, 
  this is a quote from derrida  the einsteinian constant is not a constant , is not a center . 
  it is the very concept of variability -- it is , finally , the concept of the game . 
  in other words , it is not the concept of something -- of a center starting from which an observer could master the field -- but the very concept of the game . 
   yes derrida 's writings are cryptic . 
  he should stay out of trying to apply his theories to science . 
  they 're not cryptic , they 're bunk . 
   the two are n't mutally exclusive . 
  i explained why that is n't the case here . 
  mlp and philippot are not trolls . 
   foucault is a duche and chomsky a nice guy , but foucault is a philosopher the other one not . 
  chomsky and foucault both debated on a philosophic matter . 
  he might be more famous as a linguist but he is also a philosopher . 
  not exactly my fault if he is also a supreme thinker that also understands other areas of intellectual activity . 
   let me remind you that we were discussing this quote :   due to the communists ' key role in resisting fascism and ultimately winning the war against it and back to that quote , initially communists were very keen to respect the ribbentrop-molotov pact and they took a very strong non combattant stance when we were at war with fascists . 
  sure after we lost the war and had to wait for the americans to come , yeah . 
   as a assembly of countries that did play a part in the war . 
  that assembly of countries , the ussr also precipitated the war . 
  it 's important in history to present facts . 
  and all relevant facts . 
   t 's true , though . 
  this will explain the huge part the communists played in french politics after the war should we mention their actions before the war but after the ribbentrop molotov pact ? 
  now that summer is coming , i 'm already starting to turn muslim :(, 
  there is no `` standard '' model . 
   you 'd still expect them to be lower than average given the platform is openly anti-lgbt . 
  and i 'd expect white women to vote more for white hillary than grad 'em by the pussy donnie ... but here we are . 
  and mlp 's campaign is hardly anti-lgbt since philippot , mlp 's main man is full on gay and he removed the crazy caths from fn political power ( mmlp the waifu of many a t_d wo n't get any positions in the new govt ) . 
  if she gets to power , france would simply revert to the same gay laws as germany . 
  do gays in germany significantly vote against merkel ? 
  tempest in a tea cup . 
  well i do believe that de broglie 's wave-particle duality is indeed anti-progressive . 
  as if only 2 identities can exist . 
  feynman 's path integral formulation is much better since any path is allowed to define your own identity . 
  but the again , feynman was a sexist pig . 
  so confused i am :(, 
  / r/latestagecapitalism / r/wallstreetbets, 
  i also support the ban of insurance contracts . 
   derrida can be a bit much for most , foucault is a bit much for many . 
  read : people that had no concept of how science , biology or physics work . 
  edi : a short example : derrida :  the einsteinian constant is not a constant , is not a center . 
  it is the very concept of variability -- it is , finally , the concept of the game . 
  in other words , it is not the concept of something -- of a center starting from which an observer could master the field -- but the very concept of the game . 
  weinberg ( nobel prize winner ) :  where the article does degenerate into babble , it is not in what sokal himself has written , but in the writings of the genuine postmodern cultural critics quoted by sokal . 
  here , for instance , is a quote that sokal takes from the oracle of deconstructionism , jacques derrida : [ and here goes derrida 's remark ],
