  because people like convoluted roads just to please london , right ? 
  dude , it 's becoming pathetic now . 
  did you read jamie dimon and what he said , he 's okay with moving people if uk loses its passport . 
  and of course he 's okay , the financial system is known to adapt to whatever changes . 
  it 's not the end of the world . 
  you understand that because of legal reasons , the work will have to be performed in the eu where we have freedom of movement . 
  imagine if a bank in uk sells me a financial service . 
  how can i go and visit and talk to my financial advisor if uk refuses me the right to go there ? 
  honestly i 'll stop talking to you now because talking to someone so deep in denial is very tiresome . 
  cheers . 
  wtf is  global financial centres index you know what it is ? 
  a ranking made by z/yen group . 
  have you ever heard of them ? 
  bs company makes bs ranking and you eat it up . 
  it 's just sad man . 
   stripping it of the eu 's finances is hard because it 'll damage the eu 's exposure to the world 's financial sector , secondly it 's almost impossible to do so due to eu laws . 
  do you have any idea how banking works ? 
  it wo n't damage shit . 
  they 'll just move jobs from uk to germany/france . 
  it 's not a big deal . 
   secondly it 's almost impossible to do so due to eu laws . 
  what ? 
   because they ca n't simply take the service sector , uhm yes they can . 
  those sectors that work with the eea will find the doors locked when selling their services here . 
  it 's a legal matter , it has nothing to do with `` exposure '' or what bs you 're trying to push here . 
  again . 
  that 's fine and dandy . 
  but this is about financial passport . 
  if you 're not in the eea , you do n't have a financial passport . 
  if you do n't have a financial passport , you can not sell me your financial services . 
  it 's about what 's legal and what is not . 
  the banks can stay in the city as long as they want . 
  but the parts of the bank that have to do activities with the eu will be without any work * since they lose that right * . 
  now the bank can either decide to move those branches on the continent or do nothing . 
  what do you think they will do ? 
  what is the difficult part that you do n't understand ? 
  if uk leaves the eea it will lose its passport since it is an eea right : http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/pra/pages/authorisations/passporting/default.aspx  subject to its fulfilment of conditions under the relevant single market directive , a firm authorised in a european economic area ( eea ) state is entitled to carry on permitted activities in any other eea state by either exercising the right of establishment ( of a branch and/or agents ) or providing cross-border services . 
  ** this is referred to in financial services and markets act 2000 ( as amended ) ( fsma ) as an eea right and the exercise of this right is known as ` passporting ' . 
  **  the activities that are ` passportable ' are ** set out in the relevant eu single market directives . 
  ** emphasis mine . 
  what self fulfilling prophecy ? 
  jpm wants that eu financial passport . 
  and the way things look right now with may saying she wants to restrict freedom of movement and eu saying again and again what single market means , this means that uk wo n't be in the eea . 
  jpm probably want to be ahead of the curve . 
  hey . 
  if we do n't fine you , how will you know to stay in line and not to bad things ? 
   then wash your eyes we do n't need to . 
  the eyes and the vagina are the only self cleaning parts of the human body . 
  i 've become fed up with people acting like they 're some kind of big shots telling everyone else how things work . 
  nobody knows what will happen so the best thing to do is shut up and just wait for negotiations to start . 
  if people want a debate they can cite so and so politician or whatever . 
  but the whole : `` yeah we told the eu what we like and what we do n't like '' and `` oh we 're not gon na give you any concessions '' makes the person that gave the comment the aura of a couch coach . 
   after that , a uk freed from having to jointly negotiate trade deals joins a free trade agreement with the us , canada , and maybe china . 
  uk a free deal with china ? 
  i 'll love to see uk do something that not even the us managed :d i 'd love to . 
   it pivots to s america and other markets . 
  yes brazil and argentina are in exceptionally good economic health . 
  the rest of your comment is just a hogwash of stereotypical comments that just claim to state some numbers ( and do a poor job at it ) in the hope of trying to seem more informed than your regular joe at the pub across the street . 
  it can be safely ignored . 
  you voted an mep . 
  go ask him how it works  . 
  for a country that prides itself in seriousness and no-nonsense attitude , when did uk become the drama queen of europe ? 
   jeremy clarkson for transport ? 
  clarkson director of bbc, 
  all law abiding citizen should respect the democratic process . 
  short tempered people should be allowed to carry guns either way . 
   and yet the same politicians seem baffled when it comes to the reason of increasing eu skepticism i think the vast vast vast majority of eu citizens do n't give a crap about this law * shrug *, 
  :d thanks for the laugh man . 
  you 're not even french ? 
  gtfo here, 
  [ oh , jesus christ noooo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itkrnhvalc4&amp;t=35s ) . 
  i dont want france to become the new iraq , i am very afraid . 
  i should start making stocks of wine , croissants and sausages to prepare for the armageddon . 
  i am so frightened . 
  oh god . 
  do you want my password to my email accounts because terrorists man and we need to protect our children from the civil war . 
   mind is fuzzy but there 's definitely something like that and that 's how they go around this one . 
  baby loup case . 
  he is . 
  but i 've sent some gign crews to rescue him . 
  if they do n't make it i 'll just glass london because i am the supreme ruler of france . 
  but we can take the soft route . 
  how about you and me organise an economic blockade of uk ? 
  that 'll bring that country to its knees . 
   ok , say goodbye to $ 420b worth of exports then eu nobody can literally be so stupid as to believe trade will go to zero . 
  waaay too many people think they 're theresa may and david cameron on this thread . 
  calm down people , you 're just pricks with an internet connection and a shitty soapbox . 
  your opinions mean shit since you have no power in your country . 
   uk 's an island , schengen makes little sense you know you can take a train to get to london right ? 
  and it 's a pita to have to get there some 30 mins before the train leaves to go through schengen . 
  lem me guess , he wants a bigger budget and laws to be more lax on mass surveillance ? 
  please stop these low effort posts we had a few months ago . 
   support for suicide bombing is at 42 % among youth muslims in france : yeah . 
  a poll done in 2006 ... how big was the jihadists problem in 2006 in france ? 
  how was the question phrased ? 
  1 in 2 is sufficiently big of a number to meet such people easily in the street or a significant number of my friends to agree with that . 
  since that is n't the case , i 'll think this poll is bullshit . 
   but as their feeling of solidarity move away from france as a nation toward muslims as people do you know anything of the french society ? 
   i read the recent surveys that to them shariah is a must . 
  them who ?
