  ( that 's for those that didnt leave already to work in it ) . 
   because it guys and other educated folk in competitive industries do . 
  uhm , it -  private ( most often than not foreign ) company paying those higher than average wages . 
  doctors and nurses : state employees . 
  so apples and oranges . 
  what kind of health care do those it workers pay ? 
  oh universal health care and very low costs ? 
  they should maybe contribute more , dont you think ? 
  you make it seem like the romanian govt has money that it 's keeping from the doctors . 
  if that 's true , pay them man . 
  romania was a closed system so if everybody 's poor that 's fine . 
  but now it 's open . 
  it should wake up and tax where it can . 
  no more cheap universal health care , no more free or cheap education . 
  unless you either a ) print money or b ) let everyone rape your social system . 
   giving 55,000 medical staff a raise of $ 200 a month , over a year is only $ 132 million . 
  is 200 euros enough ? 
  knowing they could make that amount of money in 2 hours outside ? 
  and 55k people work in the med industry ? 
  nurses and everything ? 
   do you think a resident doctor should be paid 400 $ a month ? 
  it 's beyond me why some still choose to stay given those wages . 
  what 's the median wage in romania ? 
  about 397 ? 
  lets look at france :  http://www.lemonde.fr/sante/article/2012/10/10/futur-medecin-bac-10-80-heures-par-semaine-2-000-euros_1770243_1651302.html bac +10 , 80h work weeks , 2000 euros . 
  the median wage : 1717 . 
  so it seems like things are kinda balanced . 
  fine . 
  raise it to 440 . 
  why should docs in romania get a higher comparative salary than those in france ? 
   it works for the us ? 
  finishing university with debt that you 'll have to pay for decades is in your opinion a good thing ? 
  well having your country crumbling because there are no doctors is not a better solution . 
  at some point something will have to give , poor people in the country side will start dying out without care etc. 
   instead people will study abroad , and there 's even a lower chance of them staying in the `` low wage '' country . 
  well people should be free to study abroad . 
  if the country that wants them can afford it . 
   so smart people are supposed to be tied down to a country ? 
  just people that are needed . 
   if the state wants graduates to give back to society , the state should pay them living wages at least . 
  yeah romania should print money . 
  that 'll work ...  everyone in romania should be entitled to tuition free state education if they study and are good students well there 's no such thing as a free lunch . 
  taking money from the romanians to created educated people that will only profit germany , france , uk . 
  well thank you but you should also help yourself . 
   and debt bondage is the solution ? 
  it works for the us . 
   i can make the argument that their education is paid for by the taxes their parents paid . 
  uhm no . 
  if your kid goes to med school and studies for 10 years , or if he becomes a worker just right out of highschool , you pay the same amount of taxes . 
  show me where in your income tax sheet , that you paid for `` education '' . 
  there 's no such thing . 
  and how do you force people to stay in romania for x number of years . 
  those students should understand that their education cost money . 
  a lot . 
  and that the state also expects them to give back to their society . 
  so its not just `` having money move from one government agency to the other '' . 
  it is much more . 
   that would make it impossible for anyone from a modest background to attend , and even with scholarships and loans that entails taking on a massive amount of debt neah . 
  you give a scholarship that fully pays out those 20k . 
  turkey should be as strict regarding isis too ... 
  the amount of people that worked hard to obtain their degree to only go work as a dishwasher is minimal . 
  so nice of uk to think of romania like that and its needs . 
  it 's not like the uk has a special regime to help qualified people to settle easily . 
  you a pussy crusher bro ? 
   consent classes are not civic teaching , they are not there to give insight into our legal framework , they should be that . 
  for a phd student ? 
  that 's how much a university phd student gets if they also give classes . 
  a possible solution off the top of my head . 
  make tuition for med students super high to the point where it covers their education and then some . 
  like 20k per year or more . 
  but also offer scholarships that pay for the education . 
  these scholarships should be tied to the fact that you should work in romania for x number of years . 
  or to reimburse the state at most 2-3 years after they graduated . 
  we do this in france ( in a different setting , as in we pay the students a salary ) for polytechnique students and ens students . 
  if you 're rich , you get your education . 
  if you 're poor well the state financed your education . 
  give something back buddy . 
  lets go to class man :d . it 's gon na be fun . 
  i loved school . 
   however , there are massive social and economic problems caused when a generation of your brightest and best leave . 
  yes . 
  it is sad . 
  but for those individuals it is the best choice possible . 
  also for humanity in general since those individuals work better and are more productive than in their home countries . 
  romania should drastically increase tuition for med students and give scholarships . 
  those scholarships should force the students to remain in the country for a few years . 
  easy peasy japanese . 
  this way if you 're a rich , you can pay your education . 
  if you 're poor , well ou got a free education man . 
  pay society back . 
  btw happy cake day . 
  3k in austria for phd students ? 
  you only get that money if you 're doing your phd in a company here in france . 
  can you point where i called you a rapist ? 
  you 're so sensitive . 
  you need a safe space : /, 
   it is very sad for romania that this is happening . 
  is it sad for the doctors and educated people that do move ? 
  he mentioned being a scientist . 
  as a junior researcher that seems like a normal salary .
