  is nationalism comestible ? 
  why has n't norway gone the path of sweden ? 
  they make cars , fighter planes , top notch universities , shitty furniture we cant stop buying , communication technology . 
  from a country of 10 million people , they 're really pulling their weight, 
   learn an eu language if they wan na work , yeah . 
  or you learn arab . 
  whatever 's good for you man . 
  romania , where in the country side you still shit in an outhouse but you got fast internet . 
  my kind of life . 
  well in iran transexuals are quite well accepted . 
  tulips . 
  i guess [ ile de france ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%8ele-de-france ) . 
  that 's where for a long time the royalty was based , that 's where the language we call french nowadays was formed , that 's where the revolution started . 
  indeed . 
  the famous [ pig war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pig_war ), 
   fitch expects the more confrontational policy stance will increase polarization in the polish society and lead to rising political tensions . 
  translation : grab your pop-corn . 
  edit : fitch was always kind to france , so take that as you will . 
  man died cause of h1n1 flu that 's a coverage of the ukranian conflict ? 
  you mean kamikazes should spam the wikipedia pages of their targets instead of blowing themselves up ? 
  seconded . 
   but of course , i 'm always russophobic , everyone in central europe is russophobic , right ? 
  neah orban is n't . 
   there will be more deaths , one way or another where are those deaths ? 
  since minsk 2 , where are they ? 
  we 'll end the convo here . 
  i dislike talking to emotional people . 
  so more deaths !, 
  dude your russophobia is clousing your thinking . 
  no peace is worse than broken peace is worse than peace . 
  that we can agree . 
  but it 's not like there was the offer on the table for broken peace vs peace and merkel and hollande picked the broken things for shits ans giggles . 
  how many have been tortured so far ? 
  because we 'd had 8000 deaths . 
  3000 civilians . 
  those are big numbers . 
  and what 's the age expectation so we can calculate some averages . 
  and how many bikers because those we can sell by parts . 
  i think they might fetch more . 
   just means that noone shoots anymore dead people < no dead people . 
  how about the people ? 
  how much do they cost ? 
  what ever happened to those galileo satellites that slightly missed their intended orbit btw ? 
   politics does n't belong in sport , period . 
  since when ? 
  politics and sports go hand in hand . 
  a politician wants to prove a race is pure . 
  politicians want to sponsor teams because it makes them look good with the electorate . 
  athlets want to send the message that no , there is no uber race , athlets want to send a message againt segregation . 
  what happened in 2015 to make politics and sports separate ? 
  they were very close up to that point . 
  did i miss some big news ? 
   during it 's just distrespectful its an armband . 
  i wouldnt even have heard of this issue if not fot the streissand effect . 
   because i take responsibility for myself and sell off excess things before asking others for money . 
  what happens when you have nothing to sell , huh ? 
  listen this is getting nowhere . 
  both out time would be better spent with other activities . 
  cheers . 
  like i have explained to you , because you didnt get it , there is no slightly less poor when you 're dirt poor . 
  and to people who you refuse asylum , they can go screw themselves , how dare they apply for asylum, 
   that has never happened , because i take responsibility for myself and sell off excess things before asking others for money . 
  and you say you 're not republican ... look at you , you 're reponsible . 
  poverty is a personal fault , clearly the virtuous never get poor . 
  i see how down to earth you are man . 
  no high horses for you . 
  the guy who says  lets make asylum seekers slightly more poor is in touch with the common people . 
  mkay ... 
   you know literally nothing about me . 
  literally nothing , and you spew nonsense like this . 
  it 's honestly ridiculous . 
  so if you were dirt poor , what would you have done if someone came to you and told you , yeah man you have too many things . 
  no , i simply realise you 're happy because you consume a lot of alcohol and you live in your perfect little bubble where everybody is nice and rich . 
  doesnt matter that per capita denmark has more isis members than france , everything is juuuuust fine cuz you 're in your bubble of high standards of living . 
  social europe my ass . 
  i think you 've never been dirt poor with only 5 euros left in your bank account at the end of the month for several months and hacent been to a bar in 4 months or to a restaurant in 6 . 
  when you hope every day no water piper blows up or any slight annoyance that could fuck you up very much . 
  trust me , when you 're dirt poor , there is n't any  slightly more poor we 'll agree to disagree cuz it 's like i 'm talking to republicans . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  i 'll take those that are  sporting multiple rolex, 
   f they have assets over # 690 they hand them over in return for shelter , and if they refuse ? 
  since when is 690 euros a nice sum ? 
  heck it would buy 1 week of rent in london or 3 weeks in a shitty appartment in paris . 
  690 is shit . 
   these people often do n't cooperate , and so ca n't be sent home . 
  well i dont work with asylum seekers like you do , so i 'll take your word that asylum seekers refuse to cooperate . 
   really ? 
  i do n't think anyone in denmark ever knew i see you did n't know because you 're equating the two and it is a very dangerous thing to do . 
   they are allowed to keep heirlooms , but ** some have been observed sporting multiple rolex . 
  ** hahaha haaahhhaaaa . 
  okay you won the internet today . 
  do they wear a rolex on every limb ? 
  i just stopped reading there because you ` te too factual for me . 
   take less `` rich '' i do not quality asylum seekers that have valuables worth more than 690 euros as `` rich '' . 
  i would qualify such a person as very very poor . 
  imagine you have a child . 
  how far could 690 euros or less hold you as an asylum seeker . 
  also : ** they 're making poor people poorer ** . 
  that 's what i find disgusting . 
   it 's inevitable that it happen in 1/1 000 000 clinical studies .
