  what a shitty map . 
  if you have a green red map , green will be considered good and red bad . 
  here it 's the opposite ( unless they root for low turnout ), 
  softbank is set to buy arm for 30 billion so yeah . 
  \u00c0 nationalisation does not mean that people who have money in the bank wo n't get some taken from them . 
  and that was the major problem . 
  we are not the usa nor do we have any desire to become the us in how it deals with its prison population or prisons for that matter . 
   a life in a small box without human contact would be much more effective . 
  calm your revengeful tits dude . 
  such a treatment is contrary to laws against torture or dehumanising treatment . 
  isolated from other inmates they might indoctrinate , but easy with the no human contact and in a small box rhetoric . 
  did n't happen in a ton of other countries , did it ? 
   every secessionist movement has the potential to have external support . 
  secessionist movement ? 
  in french catalonia ? 
  i dunno what you 're smoking but it must be good . 
  they had a construction boom that was dumb , airports built in the middle of nowhere . 
  do you really need a breakdown of everything ? 
  okay . 
  in 2-5 years it 'll be our turn apparently . 
   shame none of them warned greece . 
  the country that cooked the books ? 
  yeah they must have been super unaware . 
  a crisis of the magnitude it 's going through is n't because of the euro . 
  * squints * ... what 's romania doing in africa ? 
  how many burgers for a big ship that makes everything go boom ? 
  do n't be impertinent !, 
  do n't we have enough pertinent questions ? 
  why would we need more ? 
  what 's missing from this thread ? 
  / r/poland, 
  like distribution of the eu budget , eu projects etc. 
  minor facts like there . 
  yeah turns out economic crisis is bad . 
  who knew ? 
   all the while unemployment rates skyrocket . 
   west lies are still better than east lies . 
  that is lie . 
  eurofag lie !, 
  hahaha . 
  gay, 
  labor costs in what ? 
  chicken nuggets ? 
  bless your heart . 
   and recovering so i would n't mind . 
  after 14 years yeah . 
  finally . 
  these are the benefits they get , yeah . 
   how many minorities have n't been murdered in the name of france ? 
  can you comment besides a flair ? 
  or did you already run out of arguments ? 
   back on topic , pick them up and take them directly back to where they departed from and widely publicise it . 
  that 's illegal . 
  they have to be processed . 
   west does n't care about east . 
  north does n't care about south and so on . 
  circlejerkers do n't care about facts . 
   european solidarity is bullshit , the eu is bullshit . 
  the fact so many in greece are still pro-eu is sad . 
  you do realise that you 'd become the next argentina in the case of default right ? 
  i admire your patience . 
  since caning is banned in uk , you 'll have to . 
   offer a quick way to citizenship for brits why ? 
  why would the british cut in line ? 
  same rules for everybody . 
  citizenship is n't a small thing . 
  eu citizenship is very meh . 
  plus i imagine it 's a one time thing . 
  so if you do n't opt-in now for eu citizenship , you wo n't get to later . 
  your flatmate is n't forced to live with you . 
  they can decide that they have different values and as such they can part ways . 
   i would . 
  self determination does not mean you get your own country . 
   i do n't know much about the situation in catalonia , but surely if the majority of the people in the claimed areas wish to form a country well it 's like ireland saying that scotland should be independent ... that 's stupid . 
   spain is not a single nation . 
  then change your constitution because it says a different story . 
   spain is a multinational country then change your constitution because it says a different story . 
   someone can come now and tell me that i 'm wrong and that spain is a single nation did you read your own constitution ? 
   that person has probably been told that their entire lives . 
  the person read the constitution . 
   re they indoctrinated to believe so as well ? 
  the person read the constitution . 
   'd say so . 
  that 's because you have n't read the constitution . 
   how does recreating a battle in the 17th century count as indoctrination ? 
  with 8 year olds ? 
  fuck you 're a petty nation . 
  imagine if we 'd go back to 1900 and teach our kids that they have to kill the bosch to they alsace lorraine back . 
   which would only apply in this case if you presuppose spain to be a nationstate http://www.congreso.es/portal/page/portal/congreso/congreso/hist_normas/norm/const_espa_texto_ingles_0.pdf they can dispute is as much as they want , the constitution says something else . 
  self-determination does not mean you get your own country . 
   lol !, 
  remove catalan with kurd and spain with turkey and everybody here would be celebrating how brave they are !, 
  hypocrites , all of you . 
  til spain is bombing catalonia, 
   `` spain is a single , indivisible nation is n't that like your constitution ? 
  if i teach you labor laws , that is also indoctrination ? 
   sometimes the principle of self determination is more important self determination does not mean you get your own country . 
  what 's your logic here ? 
  a french employee working in france has the freedom to go to uk for what ? 
  employees in uk already have freedom of movement , cuz they 're in uk .
