  if you misbehave you get your mic cut off , if it 's serious you get suspended . 
  it happens in all parlaments . 
  it happens in france . 
   he represents his country/people who voted for him , that 's democracy . 
  his salary has nothing to do with it . 
  he 's voting on all european issues . 
  simply because he hails from poland has no bearing on the matter . 
  in your national parlament you can have a guy voted from some other region than where you come from . 
  that doesnt mean he can drop a shit on the desk . 
  he 's doing a job , if he wants to play around he can do it at home not in the place we 're paying . 
  nope , it supports it . 
  no it 's about a specific issue . 
  gay marriage is not the underpinning of europe . 
  heck look at greece and they basically started the whole shabang . 
  heck a few years ago italy didnt have more than 50 % support and 1 year after ceca ( eus precursor ) was created turing was sentenced to jail for homosexual acts and had to agree with chemical castration . 
  lets not be hypocritical about these things , mkay ? 
   and i want to see freedom of expression in my parliament  go to your job and call a colleague a nazi , see how well that works . 
  his salary is coming out of our tax money . 
  i dont want to pay for that idiot thank you very much . 
  it 's time to grow up !, 
   if you do something the majority of the eu parliament ( or whoever decides these bans ) does not agree you have the freedom to do , it can specify how long your opinion is unheard and your vote uncounted . 
  sorry but i dont wan na pay that guy 's salary from my taxes . 
  thanks . 
  those meps are so e d g y d g y, 
  i think france has a major opposition against gay marriage but everybody knows it wont get back to the previous situation . 
  considering that when most everybody ( except croatia ) joined , no major eu country had legalised gay marriage , it would be hypocritical to ask them that ... 
   when you open the tolerance can of worms yickes . 
   i 'd prefer my country focus on growing it 's economy and raising wages , reducing corruption etc. . 
  so gay marriage prevents the polish from working on those issues ? 
  what kind of evil gays do you have man ? 
   most of the public discussions will boil down to lgbt `` rights '' , abortion , adoption wow . 
   #justleftwingthings . 
  wowzer . 
   the state should n't prefer one specific way of life . 
   single parents and large households with dependent children were at the highest risk of poverty or social exclusion  dependent children in single parent families have a much higher risk of living in poverty than dependent children in two adult families . 
  indeed , around half ( 49.8 % ) of single parent households with dependent children were at risk of poverty or social exclusion , compared to only about two in every ten ( 19.3 % ) of households with two adults and two dependent children . 
  read up here : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/children_at_risk_of_poverty_or_social_exclusion#single_parents_and_large_households_with_dependent_children.c2.a0, 
  must into abortion . 
   but be very easy to topple at the first opportunity ( whenever a majority of mps opposed them ) . 
  well such is life . 
  sometimes you compromise . 
  that 's why you need fptp . 
   in the end the only guy who has a say about that would be the us president . 
  bush wanted in 2008 to start the procedures of integrating nato for ukraine and georgia . 
  europe didnt want that and guess what ? 
  it didnt happen . 
  so no , it 's not just a us alliance . 
   there are always ~ 25 nato planes on scramble in northern europe that 's not a war . 
  you have to realise the difference between a war and just a skirmish where the president sends some planes and a boat to some place . 
   5 years later with a fresh deal france left from 1966 to 2008ish . 
   no it does n't . 
  it 's a military alliance , nobody is going to ask the electorate whether they want to go to war or not if article 5 has been invoked . 
   article 5 says that the response may include armed force , but it does not mandate it . 
  all that nato actually promises is to take `` such action as it deems necessary '' to restore and maintain security . 
  that could be anything from nuclear war to a stiff diplomatic protest . 
  also that is n't how nato works . 
  if turkey is attacked that does n't automatically mean france goes to war . 
  nato does not supersede the parlament . 
  a declaration of war has to be approved by the parlament , even when france is directly attacked . 
  and probably the society based on work and stfu is not helping ( though all my knowledge on japan comes indirectly ) . 
   pity that you are not the one who makes these decisions . 
  i 've got a vote . 
  which is one more than all of turkey combined . 
   90-100m people rather than 120 's of today darn a 35 million decrease , that 's huuuge . 
  can you imagine how tough it 'll be for youngsters having to pay for all those pensioners . 
   is a separate topic than the scientific output they are having now . 
  okay got it . 
  you 're not in academia so you dont know how the scientific process works . 
   that 's not how nato works though . 
  yeah but democracy beats nato . 
  id oppose my country going to war if russia strikes down some tukish planes that are bombing kurd positions in syria or iraq . 
   i think you would n't be happy if your local traditions were overrun by imported culture from far away . 
  that all revolve around just dressing like the joker from tdk, 
   it 's probably bad for japan is n't japan on the downhill anyway ? 
  does anyone have any stats on how japan will look like in 2050 ? 
   japan , china and probably india in that list . 
  since when any of those had a mir equivalent ? 
   almost everything that russia does in terms of space science is a research on the iss . 
  which is an heir of the mir program . 
   but also esa the combined effort of all european countries might soon be as important as what the ruskies where doing . 
   if not iss and if you dont include nasa ( the apollo missions , hubble , etc ) the nro and whatever the us army is doing , spacex and all space related projects the us was ever involved , then the space related science the us produced is negligible . 
  this russia bashing is non-sense . 
  what they did in terms of space race , advancement in science and mathematics , warfare and war tech is second only to the us . 
  that 's simply reality . 
  lets stop pretending that what they achieved is nothing short of friggin amazing . 
  i meant the soyuz which is the most reliable launcher ever built . 
  that 's a simple reality . 
  also in engineering : if it aint broken do n't fix it . 
  i love a good russian bashing just as much as the next guy but lets not pretend that their scientific output is only surpassed by the americans . 
  okay so just an asian driver ? 
  such a traffic crash should be expected then . 
   left and right becomes meaningless the more you compare them between countries . 
  well in france they do mean a lot . 
  you can see a shift when one party or the other comes to power . 
  there 's no point in ignoring those distinctions . 
  do not expect a french leftist to be against gay marriage or protest against more social rights . 
  while a true left might not exist in all countries , there is a `` left '' standard that exists and a `` left '' ideology . 
  in former communists states , that does n't make any sense because there is no political heritage , there 's no political history . 
  but in france at least there is a political heritage . 
  there is very much a left and a right standard and ideology .
