  why are you so concerned about france ? 
  i 'm amazed you dont think that the us accepting 2k refugees is n't a friggin ridiculous . 
  okay this debate it done . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  cheers, 
  i know a country that prides itself in how democratic it is , on how much they fight to protect the freedoms of its individuals . 
  during a war , they sent a part of its citizens to camps because they had the bad luck of having emigrated from the side of the enemy . 
  to the best of my knowledge , that democratic country did n't turn into a new nazi germany . 
  when the war stopped , they scaled back . 
  ( i 'm not saying lets send people to camps , btw ) . 
   however its hard to blame europe 's horrible policies relating to this on the us . 
  what should europe have done ? 
  throw some money jordan 's way and say : screw you guys , you 're on your own ? 
  close the borders ? 
  put in jail any refugee that crosses those borders ? 
  gim me some suggestions ? 
  and the 3rd reich was meant to last 1000 years . 
  but war and states of war prevented those things from happening . 
   the us did not supply them with humvees though . 
  they looted iraqi military bases when they took them over and how well trained were those iraqis ? 
  would they have looted an iraq that is under sadam ? 
   and for the record the us told the iraqi government a complete us troop withdrawal was a bad idea i 'm confused . 
  was n't it one of obama 's campaign promises in 2008 ? 
  to end the war in iraq ? 
  to bring the troops home ? 
   http://usliberals.about.com/od/homelandsecurit1/a/obamairqwr.htm, 
  yes , the countries are full . 
  how about voting for someone that wants to let some refugees come to the us too ? 
  i dont think they 'll have time to read that . 
  * sigh * i 'll be that guy . 
  this is a bill on the state of emergency . 
  much like in a state of war , a country becomes basically a police state . 
  these are n't meant to last forever , much like a state of war is n't supposed to last forever . 
   france still had private property last i checked . 
  yeah . 
  but i want my fair share of that sweet sweet lvmh moneys . 
  * grabs pitchfork *, 
   i think it is a stretch to assume syria would have remained peaceful had it not been for the iraq war . 
   http://metro.co.uk/2015/10/25/tony-blair-apologises-for-mistakes-in-iraq-and-admits-war-helped-lead-to-rise-of-isis-5460651/ well your good friend is making a wonderful stretch . 
  also see those isis fighters ? 
  quite a lot are driving humvees arent they ? 
   the us is the largest source of funds for refugees in the middle east . 
  well uhm so why are they coming to europe if they 're bathing in sweet sweet dollars ? 
  the good ol' american way . 
  throw money at the problem . 
  that surely will fix it . 
   that played a role in destabilizing the region but people acting like it was a perfect utopia before we showed up are delusional . 
  no perfect utopia , but not exactly a friggin utter shithole . 
  here 's what your dear friend tony said ; http://metro.co.uk/2015/10/25/tony-blair-apologises-for-mistakes-in-iraq-and-admits-war-helped-lead-to-rise-of-isis-5460651/  this refugee crisis did n't start in 2003 . 
  that 's because you won their hearts and minds . 
  and did you find wmds ? 
  gee willikers . 
  i felt so unsafe . 
   but this is the shit we have to deal with now , and we 're not dealing with it the way we should . 
  because germany and sweden went full on : `` omg we can solve this problem on our own . 
  let them come '' there should have been a clear response from the eu to the us and everybody that could help . 
  last time i 've checked france didnt start the war in iraq that has in part resulted in this turd . 
  if everybody would pitch in : i 'm looking at you us and uk , yeah . 
  did i blame you ? 
  im pointing the finger at the us . 
  they started the friggin iraqi war that destabilized the whole region . 
  you probably should n't have invaded iraq, 
  okay . 
  so any syrian refugee that lands on us soil will be taken in ? 
  i 'm sure we can scrape a ship or two . 
   every leader wanted to keep leadership , so he veered away from unification . 
   except some failed experiments and that failed experiment is an example of arab leader trying to extend his reign in other regions and i kiiinda doubt moroccans are so willing to unite . 
  considering that the border between them and algeria has been closed for 21 years . 
  talk aboit brotherly love . 
  arabic countries have sufficient differences between them to make any sort of union unfeasable . 
  but i guess it 's easier to blame the west and israel than try to improve . 
  a sobering statistic that shows the state of the arab world :  your country should recognize the state of israel yes : palestine ( 13 % ) , egypt , sudan , lebanon ( 8 % ) no : algeria ( 1 % ) , iraq , libya , saudi ( 4 % ), 
  countries should share the refugee load , do n't you think ? 
  or we can let the refugee situation worsen in europe until it blows over in a decade or so ... whatevs ... 
  and to think the us accepted a grand total of 2000 syrian refugees . 
  so i should n't trust drugged up mad lithuanians with my valuables ? 
  what 's this world coming to ? 
  well if a drugged up mad man running around with an ak-47 does n't male you feel safe , nothing will . 
   ... that the finish region \u00c5land had the highest employment rate for men in the eu in 2014 ( 89.3 % of the male population were employed ) , while the italian region calabria had the lowest ( 54.2 % ) ? 
  if this wont make those calabrese men feel special on this fine day , nothing will . 
  cock magic ? 
   the ak was in the police car is it standard procedure to leave ak-47 in cars ? 
  how did he steal the ak-47 ? 
  okay . 
  no harm no foul . 
  well lets just say quebecan is not french . 
  [ jk , i love fred pellerin !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sft1_uns9co ), 
  and we can also talk about the ridiculous salaries doctors in romania are receiving . 
  they 're basically paid through bribes . 
  i 'm sure if france decided : screw this , we 'll stop paying our docs good salaries , our budget would see a huge decrease . 
   but please correct me if i am wrong . 
  you seem to be very knowledgeable on the subject . 
  well lets see what the interwebs say :  http://www.antena3.ro/actualitate/sectia-arsi-spital-iasi-semnal-alarma-322127.html rough translation :  the burn center at saint spiridon is a joke says the former dean of the medicine university iasi . 
  and an interesting quote :  these units have to send to bucharest any patient that has burns that exceed 20 % of the surface of the body if france were to decide : screw it , no more spending on anything , im sure we could post a very nice budget too . 
   you seem to have a clear focus on moldova and i also get the feeling you have been following romanian news / social media too closely . 
  and it 's part of romania is n't it ? 
  to come back , for example , boston bomber , well there 's no doubt he got what he was looking for . 
   neither is this one . 
  i agree with you .
