  well just saying 150k is by no means a big amount . 
  you also have to consider that i 've ignored buying property , but i 've also ignored inheritance which also makes things fluctuate and the fact that as you get older you earn more . 
  people that have saved 100k are not the type you 'd consider rich . 
  not at all . 
  to someone that has worked 45 , 50 years ? 
  dude if you put 2000 euros in the bank . 
  and every year you put 2000 euros more ( that 's 170 euros per month ) at 2 % interest rate , you 'll have 150k at the end of 45 years . 
   personally i 'd avoid european markets . 
  that 's why uk got downgraded . 
   this financial instrument ? 
  you ... you think a clearing house is a financial instrument ? 
  apparently france also lit up the eiffel tower at 11 today . 
  but just [ this tweet ] ( http://www.franceinfo.fr/fil-info/article/attentat-istanbul-la-tour-eiffel-aux-couleurs-de-la-turquie-ce-mercredi-soir-801937 ) , ive got , no photos, 
   france restricted poland 's freedom of movement in the 90s sigh . 
  poland was n't in the eu in the 90s . 
  this is n't just a out banks . 
  it can be financial services given by hedge funds or wealth managers that do n't want to open agencies in every country they might want to operate . 
  but really it can be any service . 
   la penne [ why this ? 
  ] ( https://thisemptyplatedotcom.files.wordpress.com/2013/07/penne-pasta-with-tomato-basil-sauce.jpg ), 
  please tell me you know the difference between free trade and single market . 
  no european should as ignorant as to not know the difference between the two . 
  hint : go read this thread and the competent people commenting . 
  uk wants access to the single market ( for example the financial passport ) you can not sell services without free movement . 
  it has nothing to do with politics but common sense . 
   it 's still preferable to trade just goods , services and capital , than it to trade nothing at all right ? 
  can you just have a more refined reflection on the matter ? 
  how the hell can you trade services but not people . 
  let 's say you uk company sell me a service in france like a bank account . 
  now you can do that without having bank locations opened in france . 
  what if i wan na file a complaint with your service ? 
  i might want to go directly to the bank . 
  but since it 's in another country , you can refuse me entry if you remove freedom of movement . 
  do you understand why you ca n't refuse freedom of movement ? 
  plus if you block french citizens , france can decide to block uk citizens . 
  how will you sell me shit if you ca n't get here ? 
  try and think a little and stop only imagining hordes of eastern european unemployed people entering your country . 
   well uk needs eu market , eu needs uk market . 
  dude are for real ? 
  did you pay attention to the discussion ? 
  like / u/hugodegroot said , one of the main important things uk is interested in is financial passport : a bank being able to conduct businesses in other eu countries without having to be located there . 
  if you restrict freedom of movement , a client from poland that opened an account at < insert random uk bank without locations in poland but that does business in continental eu  can not actually go to a physical location and file a complaint for example . 
  he can use services from uk but can be denied entry to uk . 
  that makes ** zero ** sense and this is why freedom of movement is so important . 
   pensioners with 100k + are not so much `` pensioners '' to me . 
  you do realise that that 's peanuts money for someone that worked their whole life ... right ? 
  check who are the biggest trading partners for those countries and come back to me . 
  why do they let 15yos comment ? 
  when in fact uk is in better shape than it has ever been , amirite ? 
  the reality is simple man . 
  uk had a referendum that will amount to nothing since it will find out it can not do without the common market , so it will have to swallow freedom of movement . 
  they 'll * still * have to pay that accession money * and * they 'll get no vote on eu matters . 
  then life will move on ... unless you wo n't want to be in the common market . 
  til sigmar gabriel is germany 's manuelito valls . 
  let 's dispel the myth that lukashenko did n't know what he was doing . 
  he knew exactly what he was doing . 
  [ do n't poke the bear ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30481309 ), 
  oh i hope trump names ryan as his running mate . 
  i wan na see uk cheering for trump :') the memes write themselves . 
  one has 0.9 % of its gdp in defence , the other 6.2 % . 
  i 'll let you guess which is which . 
  nobody does . 
  nobody knows what will happen ... hence the degraded rating ... 
  i know . 
  i just wanted to make a joke to lighten things up a bit . 
   sane foreign policy can canada have a foreign policy ? 
  it 's a country of 35 million ... 
  that 's cuz the us is there to protect it ... by attracting the crazies to it . 
   right , now you have to find someone to be pm who 's willing to take the fall and ruin his political career by officially dismissing the results of the referendum . 
  that 'll happen no matter what ... 
   in this country on this planet . 
  stay strong !, 
  terrorist organisations funded by fucked up states . 
  they do share some similarities . 
   poorer eu nations like greece were generally on the receiving end of that . 
  eh ... greece was living beyond its means . 
  they are n't at all comparable . 
  at all . 
   whatever you were blowing the whistle on . 
  again this is n't whitle blowing . 
  go and say your company is shit ad your colleagues are idiots ( which nigel said ) good luck keeping your job . 
  good luck sueing ... you 'll be booted out of the court in 5 seconds flat . 
  you should read what protections freedom of speech offers you , 
   i am neither a member of labour , not am i a citizen of the uk still fun to watch the mayhem , innit ? 
  damn the eu imposing austerity measures !, 
  nope . 
  big capitalist here . 
  go to the company you work for . 
  and start spilling the beans and shit on it in the media/fb/whatever . 
  tell me if they continue hiring you ? 
  uk is about [ to lose its top ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/560/cpsprodpb/f2a6/production/_90081126_eu_referendum_maps_app_images_624_results_no_title.png ), 
  3rd time 's a charm . 
  or does democracy only get 2 votes ? 
  maybe we should give italians something too ... 
  the spanish can pick up airbus ' uk activities ? 
  do n't you like democracy and the right of people to determine their own fate ? 
  i 'm straight but damn ... that eyebrow ... : /, 
   is dependent on if you support them politically ? 
  is dependent on their wanting to destroy the organisation they 're in or not ... 
  are n't you the first one to shout about freedom of speech and no censorship whatsoever  .
