  they were safe . 
  / s and countries that did get conquered , had no more pork in their menus . 
  / s dude crack open a history book . 
  it wo n't do you harm . 
  itt people that have never heard of icbm . 
  does n't really matter where you place them , you should add the us to see where their bases are . 
  it 's not like only european based nukes can hit russia . 
  your comment is baffling . 
  really it is . 
   charlie wilson i too saw that movie . 
  airbus group switching to english is part of enders wet dream of removing airbus from its european base to create some sort of global conglomerate that loses all its roots . 
  the heads of airbus get very pissy when heads of state remind them to cool off a bit and bring them back to earth by recalling how airbus came about and what its purpose is . 
  there is a certain disconnect between the bosses at airbus and regular operations . 
  and i simply point out how messed up some of the heads are . 
   germany does it a bit better in this regard , for many courses you need to prove you can speak german before you can start . 
  and that 's perfectly fine and how things should be . 
  which they can do perfectly well without having their studies in english ... do you think you need to study everything in english to read an article in english ? 
  yeah enders is a true innovator . 
  not shying away from bribing to obtain contacts . 
  for non-eu students , i think you pay . 
  but pretty sure the vast majority come from the eu . 
  in denmark the govt pays for their studies . 
  http://www.proba.jussieu.fr/dw/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=users:pages:probnum_gilp_pf17.pdf http://www.cmap.polytechnique.fr/~bonnans/notes/edpfin/edpfin.html http://www.cmap.polytechnique.fr/~touzi/poly-map552.pdf, 
  sauce . 
   or no foreigner would study there because ... learning danish only helps you if you want to work in denmark . 
  how would you know if you want to work in denmark without spending some time there ? 
  and that 's why in france you spend some time learning the language before starting to study . 
  how do they know they wan na study in denmark if they never lived ? 
  should the danish tax payer fund time so people can live there and see if they like it ? 
   , if it was funded by eu 's it 's funded by denmark . 
  and they 'll reduce the number of enrollments in english classes . 
  http://cphpost.dk/news/danish-government-to-curb-students-enrollment-in-english-language-courses.html  if the students were forced to study in danish , international students would n't study in denmark i 'm pretty sure they 'd be able to find hand picked students . 
  the danish have the money . 
   because the language is too obscure to be reasonably considered to be learnt if you decide to study in a country and take advantage of its infrastructure and financing and generosity , you should make the effort to expand your own horizon by learning a new language . 
  it 's not the end of the world to learn a new language . 
   wow the french i am honoured that you think of me as the representative of the french . 
   the working language in most german-owned multinationals is now english . 
  not at airbus . 
  day to day they speak their local language . 
   as much as 20 % of foreign students get a job in denmark after graduating !!!!, 
  and 80 % do n't . 
  imagine having 80 % unemployment rates ? 
  either way it 's a moot point since they 'll reduce the number of english spots . 
  it 's not them shooting themselves in the foot . 
  it 's them saying that they 'll try to pay for those that want to stay . 
  they 'll invest in people if those people want to invest too . 
  investing in your own culture by learning a new language is one of the best things you can do . 
   it would be rude to speak in dutch to my dutch neighbor when someone who does not speak dutch is sitting right next to him , so we communicate in english . 
  i think it is more rude to not help people integrate as quickly as possible in your society . 
  many english people do actually complain that they do n't get to learn the local language because everybody speaks english to them . 
  you are never part of a society if you do n't speak its language . 
   for just a few dozen people to buy per year in france , text books are usually offered for free by the professor . 
  they are paid by french speaking tax payers . 
  one should not have to learn english to benefit from the goods they paid for in taxes . 
  they produce knowledge , which should be easily available in all languages . 
  especially if it 's stuff that many people would benefit from like introductory classes . 
  from a cost saving stand point , sure the best thing is to just have one language . 
  but some things in life are n't just about cost saving . 
   would n't they ? 
  you tell me . 
   both your statements above have the same truth value . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/62julx/only_1_in_5_foreigners_has_a_job_in_denmark_2/ only 1 in 5 foreign students have a job in denmark after graduating . 
  they can not retain students . 
  that 's a reality and a fact . 
  and they 'll reduce the number of places in english classes http://cphpost.dk/news/danish-government-to-curb-students-enrollment-in-english-language-courses.html, 
   even more if you know but less so , if you know in his youth he admired the fascist iron guard . 
  that 's why she was picked by trump, 
  on parle fran\u00e7ais en france . 
  are they ranked lower because they do n't teach in english or because they do n't invest as much ? 
   cultural exchange is not cultural immersion , do n't act stupid . 
  silly how you comment on other people 's passive aggressiveness while being full on aggressive yourself . 
  blocked . 
   thanks for fixing my english but that was just a reminiscent from the text i started and rewrote . 
  if you want to judge people 's proficiency in another language , be expected to speak it perfectly well . 
   sorry , but `` a majority '' is actually singular . 
  need not be sorry since majority is not collective noun . 
  it can be singular or plural . 
  http://www.grammarphobia.com/blog/2007/09/majority-rules.html in this case it is the plural :  so , getting back to your question and putting the little trick to work , number 2 is correct : `` a majority of workers have access to some paid sick days , but a substantial minority of them do not . '' so a majority of students do/do not . 
  see . 
  even if one has classes in english , that does not mean one will master it . 
   there 's a risk : you invest in them , some stay , some do n't . 
  well in countries like denmark ... they do n't stay . 
   cultural exchange with other students there is no cultural exchange if the student does not learn the main cultural product of said country : the language . 
  for having attended a ge i can tell you the vast vast majority of classes are in french . 
  it would be impossible for a non french speaker to attend . 
   do you really expect people to be like : `` i 'm gon na go to a foreign country and study in a foreign language that i do n't know '' ? 
  let 's put it this way : would you invest in a student ( with your taxes ) that does n't want to invest in your country ( by learning the language ) ? 
   i try to make it work ( even though very slowly as it 's basically a given that everyone can speak english here ) . 
  so you admit it 's your own fault for not bothering to learn the language . 
   university is probably one of the worse environments to pick up a new language : you are trying to be productive , you are time-limited , you have deadlines and you already have to study a lot for your own field . 
  that 's why universities offer language classes . 
  i have a phd collegue that went from speaking basically no french to understanding and speaking well . 
  and it 's during a ** phd ** not your regular classes . 
  other people did n't bother . 
  maybe it 's a personal issue if one does not wish to learn the language of the country they decide to live in ? 
   ~ ~ does ~ ~ do the vast majority of young people ftfy . 
   from my own experience hosting quite a bit of young people studying in universities from tons of european countries i can definitely say a `` no '' here . 
  that is in no shape or form a problem unless they want to live in an english speaking country . 
   if they did have the same level of proficiency with the english language i honestly believe they would turn to it to learn as you get access to a much larger selection of textbooks , research , professors , etc. 
  i doubt polish and romanian research is lacking because of the proficiency of their english , but because those countries invest very little in research .
