   had the borders been drawn along the ethnic borders if you want , we can give you the hungarian back . 
   transylvania sends more money to bucharest than it receives back , so pick the richest guy in your country and give him his own country , because he contributes much more than he receives . 
  those should be fines . 
  you dont fill up the jails with people like that . 
  plus they already performed 18k arrests so far . 
   just like you did with the paris attacker who got away ? 
  there was no arrest warrant for him at the time . 
  do you arrest people that have no warrants ? 
   surely you have people in france who are required to stay in the country i think a gps bracelet should fix that situation . 
  ( also for / u/berzelus ) iirc , there 's the part when they 're on the bumpy road and if they go at the correct speed , they 're okay , but if they go under , they start feeling the bumps in the road and blow up . 
   france is too incompetent and cowardly the circle jerk is too strong here . 
  i 'll be on my merry way . 
   basic logic yes , very basic logic . 
  meh , i learnt something useful googling . 
  so there 's no problem . 
  it 's not like i know off the top of my head where the troops were stationed . 
   otherwise you are being an awful neighbour is anyone being a good neighbour ? 
   you can not just dump your migrants on neighbouring countries without their consent , that is very unethical . 
  how did they land in france ? 
  indeed . 
  well there are people speaking breton . 
  and they 're very proud of their language . 
  but it would be super weird if in france we 'd suddenly stop speaking french and go for english . 
  so a little history lesson . 
  the americans intervened on the western front : you have a list here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_campaigns_in_world_war_i romania was part of the eastern front :  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_front_%28world_war_i%29 if you look at all the flags of those that fought on the eastern front , you 'll notice the us flag is missing . 
  the us basically had a very reduced input in the war , it was mostly won by france and the uk . 
  that being said , lets look at the iraqi war :  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multi-national_force_%e2%80%93_iraq my oh my 730 romanian troups . 
  look at that . 
  i hope you take time to give thanks to everybody who helped you guys . 
  such a shame . 
  europe is poorer because of that . 
  * checks calendar * it 's not the 4th of july man . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-29074736  french police have been widely criticised for taking migrants off lorries , driving them a few miles away then releasing them - free to walk back to calais . 
  but many ** undocumented migrants are arrested - reportedly more than 18,000 in the first half of 2015 . 
  merry unification day . 
  jail 'em all !, 
   but the met has said it began working with turkish authorities a day after the girls went missing . 
  he says she says type of situation . 
  if everybody shrugs and says it 's not their problem , it is suboptimal for one country to handle it all . 
  that 's why i suggest we give them the means to leave french territory . 
  we should give them boats and good luck to the country where they land . 
  i have no idea why we do n't do that . 
  they have to register on the first schengen country they were in . 
  france is n't that . 
   round them up , load em on military planes , dump them wherever they came from . 
  lets do it australia style . / s, 
   no handcuffs and no jails in france ? 
  strange ... well you dont arrests people that want to leave your soil for the crime of being on your soil . 
  arresting them makes as much sense of debtor prisons . 
  you do n't arrest people that owe you money . 
  it was a salaire de la peur reference . 
  18000 arrests so far in the first half of 2015 . 
  why is there a crisis in calais ? 
  - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-29074736 what now ? 
   any crimes committed occur in france and are therefore under french jurisdiction . 
  and their crime is being on french soil . 
  so would n't it be kinda stupid to jail people that want to leave ? 
  actually , it 's not our job to prevent people going out . 
  but to prevent people going in . 
  heck sell those fuckers a few dingies and after they leave land close the french borders . 
  everybody here is saying not muh problem . 
  that 's retarded . 
  i think it 's an issue of warranties and licences . 
  ever tried to cross a border ? 
  if you go from the outside to the inside , it 's tough . 
  if you go from the inside to the outside they just wave at you and say goodbye . 
  we can not force people to stay in france , can we ? 
  i 've read that they 're not allowed to drive slower than 50 km/h . 
  if they go under , the lorry will start shaking and explode . 
  truly these men earn wages of fear : / . 
  edit : not many cinema fans here i see . 
  it 's a franco-british problem . 
  what exactly should france do ? 
  they 've already arrested 18k in the first half of 2015 why is there a crisis in calais ? 
  - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-29074736 and if you look at where they come from : many are from countries deemed unsafe . 
  so you can not deport them . 
  when did the us ever care about your region to the point of constructing non-military infrastructure ? 
  i think it 's a chicken and egg thing . 
   `` do n't mention the war ! '', 
  like all genres , the more edgy things do exist , but you have to be in the know . 
  well it 's a fundamental pri ` ciple of the eea . 
  if you disagree with it , well you know . 
  well make it however yoiu want . 
  but once you sign a contract saying you should treat all workers the same way , then you should treat all workers the same way . 
  you can move to france and claim student needs based scholarships and help to pay your rent . 
  that 's the basic idea behing treating all employees equally no matter where they come from . 
  nobody is forcing the uk to be in the eea . 
   because of jesus . 
  it 's always those darn mexicans . 
  get off your comic books and chocolate and start doing something . 
  this is some interesting thing . 
  the balance of power of changing . 
   what a disgusting spit in the faces of the victims and their loved ones . 
  if we were to count the number of spits , we 'd be left with a dry mouth : * france and belgium dropping the ball on the jihadists and arms trade * turkey letting jihadists going across its border left and right * france saying yeah we wont reconsider our relation with ksa * politicians thinking security means spying on emails etc etc etc. 
  he got detected at the border between france and belgium but there wasnt an arrest warrant at the time . 
  yeah . 
  listen to this guy . 
  obviously our borders are safe cuz no weirdos came inside europe . 
  yeah . 
  that 's what i 'm saying .
