  why the spd ? 
  why would social-dems vote for the extreme right ? 
   once , in 2010 11k in 2015 , no money given http://www.lemonde.fr/societe/article/2016/01/12/plus-de-11-000-expulsions-de-roms-en-2015_4845797_3224.html 2600 in 2016 http://www.ouest-france.fr/societe/pres-de-2-600-roms-ont-ete-expulses-de-france-en-2016-4088880, 
   the headline makes it sound like they ditched the report because it was `` too gloomy '' , do you see any causal connectors in the title ? 
   also nothing happens to gypsies they get deported . 
   awful , awful headline , does not represent the article at all . 
  why ? 
   so no one is actually reading the article ? 
  did you read the title ? 
  it does n't say that they walked out because it was gloomy . 
  if you 're stopped by the police , you need to provide documents that you either live in that eu country or documents that you 've entered the schengen area within the last 3 months . 
  if not , it 'll happen what happened to the romanian gypsies . 
   so for netherlands -  georgia , it says `` no visa required '' , but does n't specify anything about id , so that probably means you need your passport . 
  well you 'd still need to pass the border control and the border police might still want to stamp an entry date on your passport . 
  and even if they do n't need a passport ( i 'd be surprised if that 's the case ) , they 'd still need to show documents ( plane ticket , bus ticket , train ticket ) that they 've entered the schengen area within 3 months ( if they do n't come from schengen ) . 
   is n't all chess 4d ? 
  yeah if you 're playing with children that always want to take back the move . 
  yes . 
  and the result of that surveillance is that you bitch too much . 
   jesus , what a god damn pointless burden it is to have a diverse society . 
  wtf are you ranting about ? 
  i did n't hear you bitch when bretons were burning down cars or when farmers were doing it . 
   well the autobahn is one of the safer `` high speed roads '' ( e.g. 
  deaths per million inhabitants : 41 , while usa ( 103 ) , france ( 51 ) have a higher percentage although limited speedways ) your stats include all road fatalities not just autobahn/autoroute/highway . 
  so unless every german death happened on the autobahn , autoroutes/highways , the stats is irrelevant . 
   and buy a tv that is n't `` smart '' . 
  a fool-proof fool . 
   its always funny when this is brought up . 
  it 's always funny to see one side crack jokes and the other get butthurt . 
   i think 3 - 121 was closer to the aircraft score . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
   great , we 'll get our industries destroyed so that the roc can get cheap dairy products . 
  did we eat some salty cheeses today ? 
  yes . 
  but monetary policy has a huge influence . 
  you ca n't spend willy nilly and after just print money to cause inflation and eat up the debt . 
   they do n't want us on the eurozone . 
  well lets hear the romanian central bank what they 've decided . 
  and if the romanians voted psd and psd does n't want to join the eurozone ... then well it 's because that 's the will of the people . 
   psd has in mind with our economy . 
  the fiscal policy is meant to be independent of politics . 
  joining the eurozone would be a stronger guarantee for that as what happens with the euro is decided by the ecb and no govt actually controls it . 
  so there ya go . 
   romania is working towards being able economically to join the euro . 
  so romania 's economy needs to grow to be able to join the euro , because joining now will stop the growth ? 
  seems like romania 's economy fulfills all economic conditions to join the europe . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romania_and_the_euro seems like there is lack of desire from romania 's part to join the erm ii . 
  same goes with poland . 
   at least we have reasonable fears because of psd and because of greece , there ya go . 
  much like yout average swede , you see the benefits of the multi-speed europe . 
  or like the euro , where neither poland nor romania seem so willing to join . 
  apparently romania was set to join in 2020 , meaning they need to join the erm ii this june . 
  how 's progress on that ? 
  seems like it 's dead in the water . 
  did they ask / u/trucidator 200 times for this poll ? 
   good fences make good neighbours . 
  said no-one that ever crossed a border in their life . 
  now i know why you wash your hands so often . 
  they 've been inside fam . 
  that explains it . 
  i do n't camp . 
  stuff 's cheaper on amazon.de though . 
   ut at least we do n't like those ghastly squat-and-shit toilet holes you still find in france for some reason have n't seen one in ages . 
  that being said , squat and shit ** is ** the natural way to shit . 
  his french and spanish sounded ok , clearly non native but still quite impressive his french is more intelligible than the french a quebecan speaks ... though ok that 's due to accent :p, 
   it 's like i come here and say that all french people are unwashed fucks because of this statistic . 
  i triggered you . 
  noice :d  so you are telling us , the ones who live in this country , that it 's not like those guys say ? 
  argument of authority . 
  maybe those people do n't know that romania has one of the largest population of horses in the eu . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2015/jun/12/how-many-horses-european-union-eu-equine-census-population nope they 're not used for horse ridding . 
  they 're used in agriculture . 
  up to 2005 , horse drawn carriages could still ride on national roads . 
  it 's safe to say that romania is a country with huge inequalities . 
  no need to get zesty about it . 
   not any form of official plumbing do you and / u/gaudeamuss even have the vaguest idea of the state of agriculture in romania ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agriculture_in_romania 30 % of the workforce is in agriculture , but it 's only 6 % of the gdp . 
  half of all eu subsitence agriculture happens in romania . 
  romanian peasants are poor as fuck . 
  they have no money for build any non-official plumbing . 
  they shit in outhouses . 
   you do understand they do n't want running water not having running water means they do n't have any type of plumbing . 
   as if romania of the 90 's was a country of drunkards , exhibitionists , homeless people and gipsies . 
  which was not the case . 
  romania is currently a country where 38 % of people do n't have running water , where people in the cities and surroundings have some of the fastest internet in the world . 
  the country with the second lower gdp per capita in the eu , but where the capital has higher gdp per capita than berlin or madrid ( and is twice has large as the rest of the country ) . 
  this shows you the huge huge levels of inequality so you ca n't present any * comprehensive * image of romania since the range of possibilities is so large . 
   is definitely falling off . 
  injuring , or dying , so you do n't wan na do that . 
  i am confused . 
  is that something that i wish to happen to me or not ? 
  please help !, 
   oh wait a minute ... you 're that hungarian from timisoara who sometimes changes his flair to the romanian flag ... where my pop-corn at ? 
  this one is much lower energy . 
  so you get to decide who 's a patriot and who 's not ? 
  and if you live abroad , it means that you should have no rights ? 
  dude , you 'd be so welcome on / r/le _ pen . 
   you did that over the span of 5 centuries all across the balkans in case you 've forgotten so ? 
  the people coming in to vote are your fellow citizens and they should be allowed to vote . 
   these people have been in bulgaria from the beginning they are no immigrants or something .
