  so like i said , take things with a pinch of salt . 
   one dude repeatedly kicks one of the protesters in the head whilst she 's on the floor . 
  that is not normal and i do not condone any violence . 
  they were beaten up also by the extreme right . 
  so no . 
  it 's not normal but that also doesnt mean the dudes there met to beat up women or to talk about beating up women . 
  they said , hey dont beat you woman , which is an important message . 
  college students are taught that it 's not okay to have sex with drunk chicks and they should ask for permission before sex . 
  sometimes it 's important to remember people basic things . 
  do you disagree ? 
  malcolm x was an idiot , but that does n't mean blacks in the us were n't discriminated against . 
  just because some nitwits make dumb calls , does n't mean a state of palestine is a bad decision or the colonisation of the west bank by israel is awesome . 
  you are confusing your problems . 
   as a jew , i ca n't say i feel particularly welcome in malm\u00f6 now . 
  you know , i 'll bet 10 euros that the speakers at the conference did n't know that some nutjobs will do that chant . 
  and hey it 's not like raoul wallenberg lost his life trying to save several tens of thousands of jews during ww2 . 
  edit : also the chants seem arabic . 
  are you blaming the swedish mps for not speaking arabic ? 
  we were talking about how turkey is not a european country . 
  how this diverted to a talk about romania beats me . 
   `` fuckin skinheads burned this shit down . '', 
  how do you know ? 
  you have to consider how dangerous it is to cook golumpki . 
  some butterfingers might have burnt down the kitchen . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
   you 're engaging in propaganda when you 're telling us some right-wingers torched that place . 
  far be it from me to ever think that . 
  i have not stated anything of the sorts . 
  i honestly think that far right groups from western europe love eastern europeans and if for not this refugee problem , ees would be welcome by them as fellow europeans . 
  am i wrong ? 
  what ? 
   five refugee shelters have been set alight in the german state in the last few weeks following the arrival of thousands of refugees fleeing war and poverty in the middle east and africa . 
  i 'll assume it was some pierogi accident . 
  totally worth it though . 
  if they 're buying a one way ticket to syria yeah that 's a huuuuge hint . 
  we can not stop them because they 're just going to turkey which is still legal . 
   says the european the irony is strong in this one . 
  hey the person was claiming that turkey has to fix all problems . 
  seems like they 're doing a poor job . 
  but i thought extreme right groups hated only on muslim refugees and that they love other europeans . 
   is n't it the wet dream of everyone on this subreddit that their countries stop cooperating with american intelligence ? 
  am french so nope , not at all . 
  i actually appreciate having an independent intelligence service . 
  and it 's proof enough that the us is not at all afraid of being a bully . 
  since the allegation of spying on the french are not fully recognized , it 's kinda bold to ask for exact source . 
  time will tell . 
   950 euros was found in his underwear . 
  are they sure they didnt raid a stripper ? 
  those costumes can be very confusing at times . 
   i was referring to the banning of paganism uhm it was an example . 
  the banning of ideas does work . 
   the notion of `` hate speech '' is poorly defined and can be extended in ways that can be considered abusive . 
  then move to the us . 
  because all other democracies have hate laws ( heck even the us has a form of them ) and they 're doing just fine . 
  believe it or not , people do n't see the benefit of protecting people who should `` kill all niggers '' . 
  the article says that they 'll use this definition :  the vocal or active opposition to fundamental british values , including democracy , the rule of law , individual liberty and the mutual respect and tolerance of different faiths and beliefs . 
  we also regard calls for the death of members of our armed forces as extremist . 
  i believe it is fair and anyone who disagrees should be banned from any public speaking activity . 
  edit : anyone who disagrees can move to saudi arabia or some other place that is more tolerant with their views . 
  you cant beat a red rocket . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  esa is more the scientific coordinator while the techonology ( rockets etc ) is handled by private companies . 
  ariane is built by airbus . 
  so unless companies suddenly decide that fundamental research is super important to them , no , space agencies are not part of history . 
   under modern laws this would be considered a major violation of human rights . 
  banning hate speech is a common thing . 
  it happens in all kinds of democracies from denmark to canada . 
   what you 're basically advocating for is pure totalitarianism . 
  no , no i am not . 
  if you have weird ass ideas and preach the killing of infidels off to an insolated prison with you where nobody can hear you scream and no young impressionable mind can have access to your hate speech . 
   half-hearted attempts thats why i am not half-hearted . 
  off to solitary confinement . 
  nobody has time to debate with cretins why their belief system is wrong . 
   enforcing orthodoxy since when is non-hate speech ideas * orthodoxy * ? 
  debating the propagators of hate does not help because they are not willing to prove through reasoned debated that their system of belief is better . 
  they just wan na kill and subjugate . 
  good luck debating that . 
  after you can debate with nazis why gas chambers are a bad idea . 
   it was just weird ( but interesting ) to hear a non-european take on it . 
  well that was what i meant . 
  someone who does n't know european history is quick to dismiss this or that country . 
  and it totally worked because the netherlands is a bastion of catholicism nowadays . 
   what we gon na do with bosnian ppl and albanians ? 
  they 're just the outliers . 
  a really small people that did n't have at all a huge impact on european culture . 
  small outliers are okay , turkey would be a pretty effing huge outlier . 
   then we are not europeans !, 
  like it or not , we are related !, 
  how is romania related to turkey ? 
  400 years of occupation and only a handful of muslims and a few turkish dishes . 
  that 's it ? 
  does romania produce turkish style music ? 
  does it look fondly towards mecca ? 
  what is the alphabet used in writing ? 
  what are the national holidays ? 
   christianity was originally banned by the romans , but it still flourished . 
  without constantine it would have never picked up . 
  it was only mildly banned , for large periods of time it was tolerated . 
   everyone is just submarine christians ( they only come up for easter and christmas ) . 
  and before exams .
