  wtf ? 
   how is that cocky ? 
  we 're trying to achieve something , and in the face of opposing corrupt , populist , and autocratic winning in other countries . 
  how about you turn up and vote ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_legislative_election,_2016 * 39 % for romanian parliament elections * 32 % for the eu parliament then you complain ... but but corrupt people are in power . 
  yeah , that 's because you people do n't vote . 
   right-wing people , protesting about anything ? 
  have you missed the gay marriage protests ? 
   the comparison between those two pictures makes me ashamed and gutted calm down . 
  the organisers of this were the catholic organisations sens commun a type of offspring of catholics against gay marriage . 
  gay marriage opposers always managed to draw a crowd . 
  ruining ? 
  progress !, 
  because you make blanket statements about killing people being genocide when it 's more complicated than that . 
   he said they should not be treated differently . 
  if you kill millions of people , that 's a genocide . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  it 's not as obvious as the the holocaust where they had to build stuff to kill people . 
  genocide is also the intent to eradicate . 
  it is clear that the poor agricultural yields were not due to the soviets . 
  nor was the potatoe blight due to the british . 
  it is also clear that ukraine was forced to export food ... but so was ireland . 
  so now the main thing that people say that one was a genocide while the other was n't is because stalin did n't request outside help , forced peasants to remain in their area . 
  i believe this is mostly a anglo-saxon phenomena coming from the us mostly . 
  i wonder if it 's not because unis there are generally isolated from cities which huge campuses where students spend their time with other students and not many people from `` the real world '' . 
  isolated communities be it unis , the army , sects , whatever are never a good thing . 
  you mean breaqueenbrains , you ignoramus . 
  exactly . 
  but why would you do a paternity test and not tell anyone ? 
   the child is yours or not . 
  a child is n't yours because you contributed sperm in the process or not . 
  a child is yours if you recognize it as such following birth . 
  that 's it . 
  if you recognize it , it 's yours . 
   well for one thing knowing your family medical history can be a pretty huge deal if your secret dad 's family is full of cancer or alzheimers so if the biological dad is adopted and he does n't know his history ? 
   as well as the spsychological harm of only finding out far later when a presumed father or presumed biological child needs an organ or marrow or blood or whatever else ... 
  so if the blood type of the males matches , then it 's okay ? 
  and people who need blood transfers are n't that many , you know . 
  seems to me that you 're trying to find arguments that already arrive at the conclusion you set beforehand . 
  the same thing that stops you going to thailand to fondle little boys . 
  woaaa i do n't vote because of mean western europeans :'( . 
   there 's not necessarily a correlation there . 
  let 's take the 2015 elections polish elections . 
  this idiot is the leader of the korwin party and the turnout was 50 % . 
  they got 4.7 % of the votes so no seats in the polish parliament . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_parliamentary_election,_2015 for the eu elections , the turnout was 23 % and they got 7.15 % . 
  with half the turnout , they increased their score by ** 50 % ** . 
  i 'll ping / u/nounhud because he does not believe lower turnout favores extremists . 
   if you overstay your visa , you 're not a tourist , you 're an illegal immigrant th\u00e9 visa is for tourism . 
   including the visa waiver program so remove the vwp.no skin off my back, 
   yes , but they get overstayed . 
  you 're shifting the goal post . 
  before you were talking about immigration . 
  well these are n't immigrants , they 're tourists and other people that can only stay for 3 months . 
  but hey if you shift the goal post , they i can too . 
  there are countries in the visa waiver program that over stay their right at a higher rate than poland , romania , cyprus or croatia . 
   what do we get ? 
  you get visa free travel in any schengen country . 
   embassy http://ec.europa.eu/justice/citizen/consular-protection/index_en.htm all eu citizens can ask for help at any eu embassy . 
  so if i 'm in the us i can go to the german embassy and be treated as a german citizen . 
   foreign policy foreign policy in diplomatic issues is more or less unified . 
  i fail to understand why you need a foreign policy when dealing with visas . 
  these are visa for travelling as a tourist for example or for business related reasons . 
  they do n't give the right to work etc. 
   if visa awardees of a nation continue to overstay at high rates , why should those nations be trusted with a visa waiver , where individuals are n't even truly vetted ? 
  but a few countries like croatia , poland or romania , cyprus have less overstay rates than countries in the vwp like hungary ( and some even have lower rates than chile for example ) . 
  so the case of them not being in the vwp is mostly because of too many visa demands not being granted ( which is a more subjective topic than visa overstays ) . 
   if the eu wants to be treated as one nation , it should first become one . 
  well any eu citizen can demand to receive help from any other eu consulate country . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/justice/citizen/consular-protection/index_en.htm also any person that has a visa free stay in one schengen country has the right in any schengen country . 
  if we 'll add deportation rules ( any eu citizen can be deported to any eu country ) , then us can effectively consider the eu as one country in foreign travel issues . 
   i 'm trying to figure out why the refusal rate is at 5,29 % . 
  because when they apply they can not prove sufficiently well that they 'll come back , that they have sufficiently strong ties with their home country etc. 
  imagine some dude with a salary of 150 euros or whatever applying for a visa . 
  that person would imediatly get rejected . 
   they usually do n't have the means to even travel to usa , legally or not . 
  tell that to canada that had to put visas again for the czech republic because of the large amount of gypsies that created overstay and asylum problems https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2013/11/14/visa_requirement_lifted_for_czech_visitors_to_canada.html, 
  if you were triggered by a * spanish * wine comment maybe you actually feel deep down spanish . 
  we can not control our reactions after all , 
  i what now ? 
   ooooo ... it 's not that . 
  i do n't know what it is . 
  well you need both the overstay rate and the visa refusal rate to be under a threshold . 
  since the visa refusals are over the threshold , then no vwp . 
  france has a gdp that is 5.5 times higher than poland 's . 
  romania has about 0 airbus plants on its territory . 
  i 'm kinda pretty sure we will survive without romania that has a minimum wage of 230 euros or poland . 
  if growth is slower then we 'll have to restrict the right to work since fewer jobs will be available here . 
  if there needs to be more focus on western eu growth then the funds that come from germany should be invested in germany and southern europe . 
  the funds of france should be invested in france and southern europe . 
  i 'd rather invest in countries like italy and spain that play ball with the eu than poland that is obstructive . 
   challenging do you understand the difference between challenging a law and breaking a law ? 
   there are far more french people in the uk than romanians . 
  and there are vastly vastly more english people in france than romania . 
  also french people in uk tend to have higher paying jobs and produce more wealth than romanians . 
  also our gypsies stay in our country . 
  oh ... there will be . 
  the eu did n't start in 2004 . , 
  le pen father was convicted for the shit he said . 
  gim me a call when this guy will .
