  we can also agree that romanian [ has words of thracian origin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_romanian_words_of_possible_dacian_origin ) there simply is no proof of any group of latin speaking migrators breaking off from current day italy to move to the east . 
  there 's no proof of any slavic people moving to current day romania , finding it void of people and starting to pick up their grammar books and start learning the language . 
  a culture is defined by a few aspects : language , religion and cultural products . 
  i am most certainly a native latin speaker and none exist . 
  because it 's a dead language . 
  what 's the language of the avar khagnate ? 
  oh look at that , a slavic language . 
  whatns the language oh the bulgarians ? 
  oh look at tha , a slavic language . 
  and hungary was a eyalet for 150 years . 
  that does n't hungarians ottoman does it ? 
  you have zero proof for the main aspect of a culture : the language . 
  a slavic people would migrate to current day romania and all of a sudden decide to speak a language that has n't been spoken since 270 ad . 
  also the thracian words used in romanian are inexplicable to you . 
  but hey , trianon man , amirite ? 
  and i on a different part . 
  so what 's the migratory people that formed the romanians ? 
  for hungarians we can find them : the magyars . 
  for bulgarians , serbians , ukranians and polish we can also find them . 
  but for romanians we 're at a loss . 
  kind weird having a migratory people settle in current day romania and just start to decide : oh , i 'll speak a language that hasnt been spoken here for 700 years . 
  that makes sense right ? 
  also who christianised the romanians ? 
  that 's right nobody has a clue because the romanians were n't a migratory people . 
  just think for a little dude , before going into full trianon mode . 
  it has played a very important role . 
  for a time , you couldnt be citizen of certain countries if not christian . 
  xtiniaty molded the arts , architecture , tastes , wars , morals and laws . 
  but now europe is in a post-christian phase . 
  when 's the last time france built a notre dame . 
  when 's the last time the church financed major artists ? 
  being european doesnt make christian nowadays and christianity simply has nothing left to offer anymore to the culture , the ideals , the values of europeans . 
  tell you 65 % muslim friends that they have to assimilate completely and that they 're not actual citizens of your country . 
  good luck with that . 
  i dont think you 're a redneck , just a shitty friend . 
  the paragraph is very much true . 
  take the muslim population and take the devout christian population . 
  they 're just as shitty or just as nice . 
  true ' while writing i meant to say arabs . 
  but then again orban claiming europe is christian is a very hazy definition of what europe is . 
  1200 out of 4 million . 
  duuude . 
  that 's 0.03 % . 
  honestly . 
  he should give statistics of muslims that are okay with honor killings . 
  gim me so numbers and stop the fear mongering . 
  gim me french muslims that are ok with murder if it insults allah . 
  stop with the `` many '' bs . 
  he put in the same phrase the veil and the niqab . 
  it 's right there . 
  it clearly shows that for him , eastern european ladies that wear the veil day and day out are not european . 
  or is there a european veil and a muslim veil ? 
  what are those many ? 
  give me numbers related to french muslims . 
  if 80 % are okay with honor killings omg we have a problem . 
  if 3 % are okay , well i wont blame everybody , would i ? 
   latin is very much alive today through any native latin speakers you know of ? 
  any new latin words ? 
  just because you have children and they have children and so on and so forth that does n't mean you wont die . 
  you will . 
   thing is if you support letting in so many people who , i assure you , do n't have the same religious tolerance you do as a central value , well you can forget your peaceful secular society once they reach critical mass . 
  the vast vast majority of muslims i know are very much peaceful . 
  they have the same number of agnostics and atheists as white europeans . 
  they have the same number of homophobes as `` native '' europeans and they have the same nupber of racists as '' native '' europeans . 
  they have the same number of shitty people and the same number of awesome people as normal europeans . 
  ** here 's a deal ** : lets agree to not let any more christians into france and i 'll agree to not let any more muslims . 
  okay ? 
  i 'm tired of this type of bs tirade used to turn people against each other . 
  i never met coulibaly and i never met kouachi . 
  i doubt you have either . 
  and ch was like 200m from where i used to live . 
  but i 've met so many awesome muslims , i can not shit on their religion simply because some idiot went boom boom . 
  and romanians too . 
  since unlike hungarians , the romanians are not the result of post roman empire migration but of the mix bethween thracian people and romans . 
  so we 're cool then . 
  romanians , greeks and italians are more european than hungarians , bulgarians , serbians , polish , russians . 
  that 's kinda awesome . 
  he 's talking about islamisation . 
  he 's talking about an assault . 
  he 's talking about the niqab . 
  and in the same article , he 's talking about the veil and about going to the mosque . 
  heck it 's the same phrase for niqab and veil . 
  clearly the guy knows jack shit about europe . 
  he should go to eastern europe and see a lot of babushkas wearing a veil . 
  are they not european ? 
   islam should n't have the chance to fill the void however . 
  i 'm pretty much in favor of letting people choose what religion they should follow . 
  but maybe i 'm more old school . 
  he should come to france then . 
  pretty darn sure he has n't met any french muslims . 
   the hungarians were in europe from 400-670 ad , while islam first appeared in 710 . 
  so it 's fair to claim that for example that the romanians , italians and greeks are more european than the hungarians ? 
   europe has been the centre of christianity since the roman empire adopted christianity . 
  paganism is long forgotten here . 
  and how many european nowadays feel christian ? 
  christianity was important when it was financing the arts and causing wars , now it 's going the way of the latin language . 
  since when is wearing the veil and going to the mosque a sign of islamisation ? 
  just being muslim does not make you a fundamentalist islamist . 
  just as people can wear hats and go to church , the same people can wear a veil and go to the friggin mosque . 
  going to the mosque is just as awful , as great or as insignificant to society as going to the church .
