  but why is that a euro problem ? 
  are you equating some european banks = euro ? 
   they do contribute greatly to the success of the dna . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
   so you admit that he did n't merely `` stuck '' in moscow when his passport expire ? 
  i 'm sure that if another country grants him asylum , he 'll accept it . 
  he said so himself . 
  so he didnt specifically choose russia because he 's bff with putin and wanted to give him some info . 
   non-sensical i am calling your `` kremlin based mob '' comments non-sensical . 
  he didnt take that data and give it to putin . 
  show me some articles saying that he gave stuff to putin or the fsb specifically . 
  sri is more like the cia and the rightful heir to the securitate legacy . 
   good job technically yes . 
  but it 's like saying the stasi did a good job . 
  or the nsa . 
  so that 's why you vote for cameron !, 
  he simply has no vision or plans and goes whatever issue is popular . 
   english-speaking russian bots lel . 
   today , wikileaks changed their narrative to admit that they advised snowden to go to russia where he would be `` safe '' okay , so you admit snowden 's first plan was n't to go to russia , making your first comment  has stolen gigabytes of classified documents and brought them to putin non-sensical . 
   he is a criminal what is his sentencing then ? 
   during the height of the sovereign debt crisis the fed recapitalized eurozone financial institutions no . 
  as the link reads : the fed and the ecb borrowed money to some european banks . 
  here 's the main line in that article  the ecb said sept. 15 it will coordinate with the fed and other central banks to provide three-month dollar loans to banks to ensure they have enough of the currency through the end of the year . 
   without these loans there is little doubt there would have been at least some defaults , likely major defaults within the eurozone financial sector . 
  you mean dexia would have defaulted . 
  darn what a missed opportunity there . 
   eurozone financial sector uhm , in your article :  dexia sa , based in brussels and paris , was the biggest euro-area borrower , with as much as $ 58.5 billion of fed loans on dec. 31 , 2008 . 
  bnp paribas sa in paris borrowed as much as $ 29.3 billion on april 18 , 2008 . 
  the largest u.s. borrower , new york-based morgan stanley , took $ 107.3 billion of loans on sept. 29 , 2008 . 
  us banks were in much deeper shit ... 
  oh god the circle jerk :d  kremlin-inspired snowden mob . 
  your anti-russia boner is voiding your brain of blood . 
  i see ukraine is really pushing for some us money . 
   brought them to putin he was stuck in moscow when the us suspended his passport . 
  he didnt plan to stay in russia . 
  nowadays the gay district in paris , le marais gets more and more gentrified . 
   then shortly after leaving it experienced a long period of growth , see figure 2 or we can look at the gdp per capita compared in france , uk and germany  https://www.google.fr/search?q=france+gdp&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=kck6vtbbickmu8k3v7gp honestly , there 's no obvious trend . 
  they all seem really close together , the curbs . 
  what i am saying that a monetary union has to lead to a fiscal union . 
   because we had already experienced the problems of monetary union yes , a poor economy . 
  and the us doesnt have an official language . 
   but a currency shared with much richer regions strongly exacerbates the issue . 
  in the eurozone example german manufacturing strongly benefits from the weakened currency gives them . 
  greek agriculture ? 
  not so much . 
  hence fiscal union . 
   i know you were n't making a serious suggestion but there is some wisdom behind your words !, 
   i know there are arguments for it . 
  but it 's like people just discovered that single currencies have their pitfalls too . 
  alabama will forever be poor unless they discover gold or oil . 
  b\u00e9ziers , i didnt count it because hey what do you expect ? 
  but the france 2 report was about evry . 
   you realize france is probably , by far the most racist country in europe , right ? 
  i 'm not fully sure about that . 
  while france did and does have issues : you got ta admit during ww2 , romania was super eager to kill some jews . 
  heck go visit iasi and tell me how many memorials to the pogroms there are ? 
  one ? 
  unveiled in 2011 . 
  and what was that pogrom ? 
  13k jewish killed in 1 day . 
  and just one memorial unveiled a whopping 22 years after communism fell . 
  and the whole iron guard ? 
  the people loved that shit , with it 's orthodox stance . 
  and how many romanians dont say : darn more gypsies should have been sent to bug . 
  dont tell me you have never heard that saying . 
   not so strict and uptight here . 
  not being a jerk at your job means you 're uptight and strict ? 
  interesting . 
  i 'll ask some polish friends :d, 
   this will certainly be a consideration for policy makers . 
  like the lisbon treaty ? 
   how many countries in the eu would protect snowden in their borders ? 
  there 's a difference between protecting snowden and accusing him of being a ** criminal ** . 
  last time i 've checked snowden didnt face any trial so no you can not call him a criminal . 
   call the pm a puppet or someone who 's in touch with reality . . his eagerness to accuse people left and right makes him a puppet . 
   i want belgium , or at the very least flanders flemish confirmed . 
  i think nobody cares except some mayors here and there ( evry ) . 
  or maybe it was a bs news story from france 2 that i 've seen a few days ago . 
  they only interviewed the kebab owner and just quickly passed over what the mayor said . 
   we need to work out what sarko 's policy is too . 
   we also need to work out if a referendum is required by french law etc. 
  like that ever stopped policy makers . 
  are n't you naive . 
   dutch euscepticism is very high . 
  well it will be an anti- `` going dutch '' policy but so be it . 
  who said you 'd have to wait ? 
   when the german and french voters find out that a fiscal union means more taxes going to other countries , they will start to change their minds . 
  i ca n't see this passing a referendum in france . 
  are we talking about policies or are we speculating about referendums ? 
   for the same reason westerners call us thieves . 
  generalisation and when a westerner calls you a thief , do you go : yes sir you are very right . 
  i shall change my behaviour to suit whatever needs you have of me in order to confirm to you that i am not a thief . 
  or do you go : fuck you , you xenophobic cunt ? 
  also look at this comment :  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3rh28b/opinion_is_eastern_europe_really_more_racist_than/cwo3not gypsies have been living in romania before even the concept of romania existed . 
  heck 500 + years . 
  yet they still dont share the same culture . 
  it 's the principle of it . 
  a single guy can decide what policy your govt implements : because of the magic of `` markets '' . 
  and what works for the uk might not work for france or germany . 
  each has to find their own way .
