  no one said about killing schengen , but france leaving schengen is a good idea . 
  not yugoslavian . 
  weird then . 
  relatives travelled to russia , to kiev , to east berlin which they enjoyed . 
  i guess there 's no eu wide crime fighting unit . 
  the us have the fbi , what does europe have ? 
  every country has their own organisation unit . 
  plus fifa is in switzerland a non eu country that up until now was pretty to hide shaddy activity . 
   these visa procedures hurt tourists and students the most . 
  two groups of people that stimulate economies . 
  as a citizen of the schengen country that has the most tourists visiting and the most foreign students , all i can say is meh . 
   under schengen they can pursue across border lines . 
  and without borders we would have never known that one of the paris terrorists left france . 
  he could have gone from paris to the border of the eu unchecked . 
  i dont want terrorists coming from the outside , i dont want french terrorists leaving . 
   for someone so set on leaving schengen , you do a poor job of selling the benefits . 
  are you a french citizen ? 
  then i do n't have to sell you squat . 
  i just have to vote at the election with the candidate that promises to get france out of schengen . 
  true . 
  i have my western european opinions . 
  and french ones . 
  i dont care much about schengen, 
  had family that travelled around even though they were living in a shitty iron curtain country . 
  and they were not members of the communist party . 
  so for you some symbols are vital while others , meh . 
  it 's almost like we can pick and choose what system to be in . 
  if for poland schengen but non euro suits them , fine . 
  for france apparently euro but not schengen suits us better . 
   because having to fill out visas is so much fun is n't it !, 
  oh god . 
  you do understand that you can go to non schengen states without a visa right ? 
  the eu is based on not having visas . 
  schengen is just not showing your id when you cross borders . 
   and letting kidnappers and criminals flee from your country and do nothing about it since you do n't have jurisdiction anymore interpol and europol still exist . 
  extradition treaties still exist . 
  french police only has jurisdiction on french soil . 
  that 's why you dont see finnish police making arrests in malta . 
   who does n't love red tape and bureaucracy !, 
  that again does n't have anything to do with schegen . 
  just because you dont have border control , doesnt mean the french police can go to munich and ask : hey so what are you guys doing . 
  wan na share the work load ? 
   why not !, 
  of course , lets spend millions more each year to adequately man every border control !, 
  hey it 's a job !, 
   wasting money that could go anywhere else , like education , then it would n't be a well oiled system would it !, 
  ah yes . 
  poor children are left to starve and grow up uneducated because of borders . 
  honestly , you either present silly myths , false statements or fear mongering . 
  do you actually know what schengen is ? 
  we 'll agree to disagree . 
  good luck, 
  yeah . 
  i trust my justice system , i trust my constitution . 
  you trust theindependent.co.uk . 
  to each their own . 
  so the eu should tell the turkish who to vote for ? 
  i can not see that backfiring at all . 
  in the iron courtain , it was fairly easy to travel for vacations from one country to another . 
  what was hard was going from the east to the west . 
  schengen is also a recent invention . 
  much like the euro . 
  does poland want to be in the euro ? 
  uhm , did a law get passed through parlament ? 
  did the constitutional court declare that the law is valid ? 
  okay then . 
  the state of emergency will last at least 6 months . 
  maybe more . 
  we can only talk then . 
  if the eu supports erdogan , omg voters think he 's cool . 
  if the eu criticises erdogan , omg the voters were forced to become more nationalistic . 
   you using the uk as a counterpoint to poland is literally retarded . 
  fine i can use romania . 
  they 're not some debilitated country because they 're not in schengen . 
  their economy grows at about the same rate as in poland . 
  its a poorer country simply due to structural issues not some bs schengen problems . 
   because that 's exactly what the eu was trying to accomplish even all the way back when it was the european economic community : to make movement of people , goods and services harder how is not being in schengen make that harder ? 
  money can freely . 
  and if not for border patrols for goods to check for illegal immigrants , trucks would flow freely too . 
  and freedom of movement ? 
  in an well oiled system it only takes 5 mins to check your passport . 
  check hollande saying it should be reformed ? 
  check . 
  sarkozy , the one most likely to win in 2017 says that france has to leave schengen ? 
  check le pen getting tons of votes ? 
  check . 
   and its entire modern economy that was built during that period yeah . 
  the city was super famous back then . 
  gs and jp morgan . 
  do a quick comparison between the economy of the uk in the 1800s and now . 
  you 'll realise that now they 're a service based economy . 
  im talking more about the whole of europe . 
  the eu will survive without schengen . 
  france is on its way out and i support such a decision . 
  indeed . 
  that 's why i prefer the term rule of law . 
  rechtsstaat if you 're german . 
  \u00e9tat de droit if you 're french . 
  it 's not just about votes but you should also respect the constitution and the rule of law . 
  you 'll learn a thing or two about why it 's not just about who has the most votes .
