  that kinda shows how little you know . 
  it was a tax bracket for those earning over 1 million per year . 
   can work together without pushing forward to create some sort of undemocratic , mess of a superstate . 
  so lets do that !, 
  i voted for my meps so how was that undemocratic ? 
  kinda tough to work together when the uk wants to impose restrictions on workers . 
   is it wrong to not feel communion with ethnically different people just because we share a citizenship and a country ? 
  you talk like if it automatically implies hate or atrocity , but it does n't . 
  and 400 years of shared history . 
  yeah i think it 's wrong . 
  a lot of gypsies have assimilated over the course of several centuries . 
  and are you telling me there 's no hate ? 
  you were talking about native ees . 
  gypsies have been in europe for 400-500 years . 
  you 'd think people would assume they 're native . 
  and no atrocities ? 
  so they were targeted during ww2 by chance right ? 
   for example why should be romanians grateful for we for aiding gipsies from romania in we if ethnically romanians in general do n't consider gipsies in the country `` real '' romanians ? 
  depends on the romanians that you ask . 
  some are xenophobes and rewrite history . 
  others realise gypsies are part of the cultural heritage that ee has to offer . 
   . and to be frank , gipsies are an ethnicity , and are n't hungarian culturally . 
  are jewish hungarians , hungarian ? 
  or are they a different species ? 
   labeling ethnicities despite citizenship granted , in itself , is n't xenophobia nor `` ethnophobia '' in itself . 
  just listen to what you 're saying . 
  there are different origins for different people . 
  black people are more recent descendents from africa . 
  white people are more ancient descendents from africa . 
  sure some people will identify with one origin or another . 
  the huge huge problem is when one group takes all the cultural heritage and says ** mine ** . 
  you do not recognise other contributions to your culture , you minimise the importance of other people and you define what being romanian , hungarian , polish whatever to be only what you decide it to be . 
  others ? 
  fuck them . 
  500 years of living on that soil with countless amounts of exchange , assimilation , integration . 
  that counts for 0 cuz reasons . 
  this is not a case of different but equal . 
  this is a case of a 500 year old people * still * being considered as tolerated . 
  in their own home country . 
  that 's why ee does not write history but is only subjected to it . 
  ees refuse to realise the grand scheme of things . 
   native ee people asked or required that from we in regards to our gipsies . 
  last time i 've checked those gypsy people have ee passports . 
  therefore each has a vote that means exactly as much as yours . 
   but not fellow countrymen yeah . 
  we call that ethonophobia and xenophobia  syrians are more far culturally from ee people than ee people are from we people . 
  that 's a concern here did the west say : ee should take all the syrians or did they say : lets share the burden ? 
   we are not as wealthy , and we hate the idea of providing free stuff ( housing , quality food , legal help etc. ), 
  well at some point you 'll have to do something inside the eu, 
  yeah . 
  im all over the place, 
  uhm marine 's le pen no longer has fascist views . 
  some major rabbis in france declared marine as being okay . 
  they also did n't oppose the gay marriage bill and are in favor for more socialist regulations that would protect only the french . 
  it is still a ` ti-immigration and anti-european . 
  jm le pen 's fn or marine 's fn ? 
  because those have become different parties . 
  did england also invent volleyball ? 
  this is all fine and dandy but why is everybody ignoring the elephant in the room ? 
  how can we claim the gender gap has been fixed when jen lawrence gets paid 3 million while her male co-stars get 5 . 
  lets talk about the real issues people . 
  what can i say ? 
  i hate myself ? 
  neah . 
  i 'm just consistent . 
  so why does n't portugal buy some of that sweet sweet greek debt ? 
  they 're our fellow european friends . 
  promises are cheap . 
  dude , i hope nobody starts telling about northern europe . 
  that will really burst your bubble . 
  if you think taxes are high in france ... 
  those countries with ~ ~ high ~ ~ ~ ~ low ~ ~ high taxes also attract talent . 
  they create the means for cheap , good quality education for students from poorer countries that can not afford a us or uk education . 
  edit : i dunno what im saying anymore, 
  we 're talking about xenophobia not racism though . 
   at least with the us you know that denmark will be safe . 
  be careful though . 
  you might end up like poland and romania , harboring cia torture prisons . 
  france has 3rd highest number of foreign uni students in its universities . 
  it 's the largest non-english speaking country . 
  the fact that it only costs 500 euros per year goes a long way to achieve that . 
  is n't it good to move abroad ? 
  see a bit the world ? 
  when the french say they love france and they want it to remain as is , they 're judged to be inward looking . 
  when the french move abroad to see the world and find opportunities , it 's bad because reasons . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  let people be . 
  it does make it untrue in the sense that it 's not xenophobia . 
  it 's more like : we busted our ass to make you feel accepted in france and the west . 
  because lets face it , all those gypsy support groups are only financed and manned by leftists here in france . 
  there 's a bit of bewilderment because there 's no empathy . 
  that 's the feeling the french left is having . 
  it 's not xenophobia though . 
  it 's not like saying ee is full of monsters that dont want refugees . 
  it 's more yo , a few years ago we had your back , how come you do n't have the back of some syrian refugees ? 
  i am talking about my personal experience . 
  the extreme right are the ones that want to leave europe so they can favour only french citizens . 
  the right is always the one talking about the foreigners . 
  of course back in the day racism was wide spread but nowadays xenophobia is very concentrated . 
  if you disagree , we can have a walk around paca .
