  so yeah . 
  i disagree there 's a country out there that holds the solution to this problem . 
   i think that the plane just broke apart . 
  the pilot apparently did n't send any emergency calls . 
  so it went from a very smooth flight to breaking apart ... 
   are they really saying the military is incapable of searching through the luggage and detecting bombs ? 
  can you imagine the germans then . 
  usually in a warm weather region the security check should go quickly , but they always wear those darn socks with the sandals . 
   the catholic version ? 
  come on . 
  well putin 's # 1 so they also got the orthodox version safe too . 
   why did you feel the need to say that ? 
  true , it was uncalled for . 
  but lets take the number of civilians killed during the troubles . 
  now lets take that number and multiply it by about 5000 . 
  heck i 'll be generous , lets multiply it by 2000 . 
  that 's the number of civilian casualties communism ( and by extension russia ) has inflicted on eastern europe . 
  from the holodomor , to katyn , to the work camps of romania . 
  aaaand they still think stalin was awesome . 
  and they still vote for a looney in power . 
  the next election in russia will be in 2018 . 
  and if putin wins those , he 'll finish that term in 2024 . 
  he will have been in power for 24 years man . 
  i 'm all for forgiving and forgetting but goddamin it russia should friggin move on and get a friggin democracy . 
  and stop sponsoring wars left and right . 
  edit : i do feel sorry for the russian minority that disagrees with putin and wants to move on though . 
  hey even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  in this case communism was right wrt women 's rights and abortion . 
  until ceausescu banned abortion in 66 and a lot of poor women died in horrible conditions getting illegal ones . 
  so congratz . 
  you found one redeeming aspect of communism . 
  and hitler was against smoking and made a pretty cool car . 
  so he was n't that bad really . 
   communists were rather friendly towards gay people until stalin labelled it a disease that is and : [ why was homosexuality illegal in the secular soviet union ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/27e8op/why_was_homosexuality_illegal_in_the_secular/ )  women 's movements yes men and women were viewed as equal . 
  they were equally likely to be sent to a camp if they disagreed with party policy . 
  and they had equal shitty salaries and living conditions . 
  awesome . 
  edit :  it 's just that some people are simply homophobic yeah . 
  poor people tend to less tolerant . 
   here 's a video of that i am free . 
  there are no strings on me . 
   pope francis is the fourth most powerful person in the world ? 
  they wan na hedge their bets . 
  what if god is real ? 
   you 'll arrive at either there being a jihadist problem on france or that this is an authoritarian crackdown . 
  is there a jihadist problem in france ? 
  ch shows that yes . 
  but the ~ ~ guys ~ ~ guns were bought in bruxelles and they 're coming in from the balkans so it might be a european problem . 
  not to mention that every country has people that went to join isis . 
  uk with jihadi john , denmark , the highest per capita rates , germany . 
  but how is that authoritarian ? 
  in extreme scenarios , in every country the military can intervene because the police can not face people with ak 47s . 
   it 's not something the authorities can summarily decide . 
  were the judges not aware it was a sham marriage ? 
  how can they give him guardian rights so quickly ? 
  it 's either a sham or it 's not so they should give him polish citizenship and danish stay permits . 
   eastern europe was more or less fine until the mid 80s . 
  vulture capitalism brought poverty and corruption . 
  yeah , if i look at stakhanovist reports , ee was doing awesomely well . 
  and by north korean standards , it was actually doing well . 
  what can be more awesome that living under the stasi regime ? 
  suffering famine during the collectivization period that destroyed farms and plummeted production . 
  also what can be more grand and high life than waiting 2 hours in queues for a pint of milk in romania and oranges being so rare they become a sort of holiday treat . 
  and living in blocks so shitty you can hear your neighbor flushing the toilet . 
  my oh my life was grand in the good ol' communist days . 
  the more i think of it , the more rossiya can go pound salt up its ass . 
  if there were a button i 'd need to push to send that backwards ass , democracy deficient country floating in the pacific , i 'd push it so hard it would explode like metrojet flight 9268 . 
   the man is the legal guardian of the kid , and if he 's not endangering the kid there 's little the authorities can do . 
  that guardianship was obtained through fraud . 
  well many of the reasons why ee is such a poor , corruption riddled region is because 70 years ago , a certain army from a certain country decided that communism is so fun , it has to spread . 
  dictatorships and un-democratic regimes tend not to be super . 
  add poverty to the mix and everything worsens . 
  so in that sens , yes , it is russia 's fault . 
  and do n't assume ees dont realise it . 
  that 's why russia is so beloved and the us so hated in that part of the world . 
  well i guess it 's your summer curling then , 
  canada 's treatment of aboriginals ? 
   http://www.tolerance.cz/courses/papers/hutchin.htm australia 's tratment of aboriginals and current immigrants that they jail ? 
  google it i wo n't do it . 
  nz i dont know so well . 
  the usa ? 
  is that for comic relief ? 
  singapore ? 
  a micro-state ? 
  really ? 
  the swiss ? 
  where they banned the construction of minarets by referendum ? 
   http://www.theguardian.com/world/2009/nov/29/switzerland-bans-mosque-minarets thanks for trying . 
  what 's your example then ? 
  i 'm always eager to learn . 
   things got better . 
  of course things got better . 
  things always get better . 
  and what was done was easy . 
  changing laws takes a stroke of the pen and you 're done . 
  we all have laws than guarantee perfectly equality for everybody , there 's no denying that . 
  the problem from the article that you 've presented is that mentality does n't change that quickly . 
  and there is no society ( to the best of my knowledge ) that managed to change those mentalities . 
  those us v them mentalities that are crippling europe are also crippling the us and other countries and regions of the globe .
