  because it 's not the pilots firing those people and claiming it 's the only way it can be . 
   the who is becoming bs source for that ? 
  the rates can also be illusory  this means that a french worker can reckon herself or himself a keen supporter of a particular union confederation , vote for it , follow its calls to action , and so on , and yet not bother to join unless she or he wishes to attend union meetings or become a union rep. 
  compare the 8 % of french workers who are union members with the proportion of british workers who are union reps , or attend union meetings , and the ** french movement does not look weaker than the british . 
  **  http://www.workersliberty.org/story/2010/11/02/background-unions-france and i am talking from experience . 
  unions do have power to change management decisions . 
   should be called karl the great so he was half english ? 
   you died to ensure that the legal balance is so heavily tilted in favor of workers that businesses are afraid to hire people , and face violence if they are forced to cut jobs in the face of declining financial performance ? 
  great fucking strategy . 
  gdp per capita is only 9 % smaller than in germany and about at the same level as in uk . 
  in france , despite higher unemployment , the poverty level is smaller than in germany ... we 'll survive . 
  honestly people have been predicted the implosion of france since 1941 . 
  we 'll do fine , thank you very much . 
  anyone want some croissants ? 
   assault random people , assault you boss it 's okay , if anyone gets hurt they can get treated by the best health system in the world . 
  why dont you mention the pilots ? 
  airfrance had a strike in march . 
  cost the company 500 million euros . 
  basically airfrance wanted to increase the activity of its low cost company , but pilots said nope . 
  and no one could do shit . 
  these people striking now suffer because a few pilots wan na keep their status and high wages . 
  and also swings the american election towards the latin vote . 
  the latinosphere will become more important than the anglo-saxon world in the eyes of us politics . 
  with the rise of the spanish speaking population in the us ( added to the fact they dont have an official state language ) and the rise of china , who knows what the future will bring . 
  that also means refugees will prefer english speaking countries . 
  guys lets build some nice hotels at calais . 
   the private company bosses who most likely are representing publicly listed companies should be reminded who 's the real boss by public beatings ? 
  did anyone get beat ? 
  it just got testy . 
  the french state owns 16 % of the stock . 
  with the double vote system , it has 32 % of the votes . 
  thats a significant amount and the largest voter . 
  it 's good to see people actually giving a shit . 
  ok , so kiev isnt the new destination for hipsters just yet . 
   shirt with putin face on it . 
  weird considering how close they are on that topic . 
  ah the unions have always been strong in france . 
  puts a smile on my face . 
  to be fair , part of the reason why the fn is so high is because the french feel disconnected from the elite . 
  the social escalator has stopped , the rich get richer and the poor , poorer . 
  some people need to be reminded who 's the real boss . 
  but that sweet sweet national arena stadium that cost twice as much as it should have . 
  hallelujah it 's raining bombs ... 
  many dont , many do . 
  it took the us years to educate the irish and the italian too, 
  but i mean on the future impact . 
  he start with the claim that there is no such thing as swedish values ... 
  i dunno about that . 
  from france , i can deffo say that there are certainly french values . 
  also it kinda seems dated since the eu as accepted more that 250k refugees . 
  i 'm waiting for interesting new analysis that are more recent . 
  how 's it regarding liberal mentality ? 
  you know ... sexual minorities and such ? 
  a few years ago femen had to leave kiev for paris and they never left, 
  dude portugal is a tiny country . 
  you cant expect it to rule for centuries can you ? 
  and how it is not enforced ? 
  france cant find doctors and teachers to send to remote areas . 
  there 's place in france . 
  dont they stop during xmas ? 
   i have a feeling the consensus might change in the nearby future . . 
  so people who fear invasion will just move to a certain part of europe . 
  oh god that makes me happy . 
  edit : poland should make it as easy as possible for them to move there . 
   bernie sanders to be just waiting to spring anarcho-capitalism on the country . 
  or hillary smth smth, 
  it seems that those who fear invasion from immigrants move there . 
  bummer buisson isnt deciding what the french migratory policy should be : /, 
   wo n't send refugees which come to germany from hungary back to hungary for humanitarian reasons . 
  because she cant . 
  you can not deport a foreign person to another foreign country . 
   no - nobody expected this , this is also a clear and intentional breach of the dublin regulations . 
  it was pretty obvious for everybody except you then . 
  that 's what greece was doing too . 
   the displaced , mostly women and children , were as innocent as most other victims of that terrible times . 
  being of a particular ethnicity ca n't make you guilty of something , guilt is something individual and not something collective . 
  and they got to move to germany instead of communist romania . 
  oh god what a terrible fate ... 
   no , most did n't . 
  most of the displaced were women , elders and children , because the men fought for the hungarian or german army and were dead or detained and do you honestly think they preferred romania to germany ? 
  quick man , vote marion . 
   we are living back in nazi germany omg , who 's getting sent to the gas chambers ? 
   you wo n't get a bullet if you speak out but you will get your social and professional life ruined . 
  well yeah story time ... 
  how did the us become the major global economy ? 
  did the massive european immigration not help ? 
  i 'm curious what the guy has to say about the recent refugee crisis . 
   and she did n't expect the reaction by orban just starting to send refugees in violation if dublin-iii to austria and germany , which more or less forced both countries to react and suspend dublin-iii officially . 
  so she thought that hungary will just accept more and more refugees ? 
  yeah i doubt anyone was * that * naive . 
   you 'd also would n't want to vote for npd/pegida . 
  when the leader of the group takes photos with a hitler look , you kinda lose all credibility . 
   and i mentioned invasion of iraq as well which has pretty much created all the power vacuum you do realise not all western european countries were in favor for that . 
  france never went it ... you do know that , right ? 
  germany opposed it too . 
  but hey ... uk is europe for some reason ... 
  to be fair , ukraine is a mishmash of different regions . 
  it 's a frankenstein state created after ww2 . 
  its break-up is not surprising . 
  so you 're the us 's costumer ... of course that means you 'll forever be in nato,
