  why should we ( originally between the french but i guess we can extend it ) care if torries or labour win ? 
  it 's all the same shit for us europeans . 
  why should we give a shit what uk does ? 
  both labour and torries expressed desire for hard brexit . 
  i could n't care less who wins . 
   and yet in the same timeframe , germany alone sold 50 billion worth of products in poland how much would it have cost polish citizens to buy more expensive and lesser quality polish made goods ? 
  you sound like trump now , be careful . 
   let 's not act as if anyone is in the eu because we 're bleeding hearts what countries would have suffered the most had we implemented the modifications uk wanted ? 
   on that note , did you look at the maps ? 
  here 's trust in eu . 
  note that the west is more distrustful than east who are the countries that have seen the most benefits from the eu in the last 20 years . 
   not even orban is threatening to burn the whole thing down . 
  let 's see what happens when poland and hungary are net contributors . 
  check the 4 freedoms to begin with . 
   merkel can say whatever , what matters is how things work out in practice . 
  see the refugee crisis for example , we were anything but united in that . 
  merkel has much more power than you think . 
  add to that macron that might want a refugee quota system ... things will shift in the eu . 
  we 'll see a multi speed eu with western countries that share common values creating a deeper union while others ... can join if they so wish and can actually follow on their promises . 
  we could have given in to uk demands and let them restrict immigration ... but me thinks it would have been you people from ee that would have suffered the most . 
   well , it 's not like the eu is very united in values , no ? 
  you should go read some articles about merkel saying there ca n't be any cherry picking . 
   but we ca n't agree on how to go about doing many thing in the 4 fundamental freedoms we know how to do things . 
  uk wanted to undermine that and the costs incurred by the eu to implement their desires would have far overweight any contribution they 'd give to the eu . 
  i 'm amazed that there are people that still do n't understand that . 
   do you genuinely believe this is n't a big loss for the eu ? 
  having a country that does n't share eu values leave the eu vs diluting eu values in other to please said country ? 
  what would you have preferred ? 
  my bad . 
  i knew i should n't doubt the prowess of the irish in foreign languages . 
  it 's `` irlande douze points '' not `` irelande douze pointe '' . 
  little ? 
  so the white is the salt , 
   i prefer the uk will leave the single market and leave the customs union and leave the common agricultural policy and leave the common fisheries policy . 
  so that 's the red . 
   we can stay in erasmus or something . 
  that 's the blue . 
  where 's the white ? . 
  eu values are meaningless if there is no desire to implement them . 
  very understandable . 
  switzerland just voted to reduce immigration and if they do , the guillotine clause will be implemented and thus excluded remove their access to the single market . 
  choices are made and consequences need to be laid out clearly . 
   are n't halal and kosher butchers way more painful for the animal than what we do ? 
  https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2014/may/08/what-does-halal-method-animal-slaughter-involve  contrary to what many assume , an estimated 88 % of animals killed by halal methods in britain are stunned before slaughter ymmv i think . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2014/may/08/what-does-halal-method-animal-slaughter-involve  contrary to what many assume , an estimated 88 % of animals killed by halal methods in britain are stunned before slaughter for me , as long as you stun the animal before you kill you , you can friggin explode its head with c4 for all i care . 
  i 'm sure my comment was impossible to understand before this . 
  thank you . 
   i do n't think these terms are particularly helpful . 
  that 's why i prefere red white and blue brexit . 
  much more precise . 
  but that 's no fun !, 
   there are two incidents being described here . 
  the first is twelve years ago , with a different person being described and who named jean-fran\u00e7ois jalkh at the head of fn when mlp stepped down , considering that she controls everything ? 
  and up until yesterday , the party bigwigs were defending him ( edit : saying it was a witch hunt , a caballah - the far right loves this word - out to get him , a ) then when they found out there was a recording , they suddenly stopped commenting on the issue ... and today they pulled the plug . 
  last month it was discovered that the head of fn in nice and regional councellor ( this region of france is very important to fnn since they get quite a lot of votes ) was a negationist . 
  mlp also wants to remove double citizenship for non-europeans which means that franco-jewish citizens will have to pick one citizenship or the other . 
   the title is ambiguously-phrased and the two incidents described in conjunction so it appears that le pen is involved with attempting to target jews at the moment . 
  it presents the situation of the fn party and mlp policies that will affect french-jewish people . 
  considering that there are 500k franco-jewish , i 'm pretty sure they 're interested in finding out what changes they can expect with mlp as president . 
   which is how you control a country , if you control the parties . 
  you see the new us president . 
  total outsider . 
  we even speak the same language !, 
  kalimera, 
  the bald iranian with the fancy elephants ? 
  neah man you 're mistaken . 
  macedonians are n't the heirs of iranians . 
   neither our dem nor our rep are on it i 'm talking about dem and rep as us powers . 
   it 's not really true oh really ? 
  what 3rd parties does the us have ? 
  they also have nice statues with alexander . 
  they 're deffo the rightful heirs of alexander and his 300 soldiers . 
   with the electoral college , the campain would have been different , the political life would have been different . 
  still . 
  the problems of the ec+fptp are well known and stand out even on this graph . 
  there is no 3rd place . 
  any 3rd place vote no longer exists and voting for anyone other than dem or rep is basically throwing your vote away . 
   so le pen is much stronger with an electoral college vote . 
  i believe it 's because the electoral college gives more power to smaller regions/states eh . 
  i think what stands out here is how all other candidates would get so few votes . 
  why is the airport in skopje called alexander the great ? 
   i made somewhere in this thread a post about risk assesment and why it doesnt make sense to sell your best tech to someone that is at reasonable risk of becoming an enemy . 
  that and you know ... a squadron of f35s would cost several billion . 
  i too prefer cider to champagne . 
   yet he had a historical possibility to change people 's lives for the best with the presidency and all chambers in the hand of a self-described `` left-wing '' party , but decided to sellout completely instead . 
  the guy is a follow of rocard and he 's been all his life a social democrat . 
  only people that do n't know shit about french politics would have expected hollande to do any other policy than what he did . 
   because muricans wont sell you the f-35s directly and unde the false pretenses of platform knowledge and experience they make you buy the old planes first . 
  well italy will get them ... sure they contributed to it but they got them without buying any other `` f '' planes . 
  sounds more like bs to me . 
   it will be even further enhanced when parties promising brexit get an overwhelming mandate at the general election in a few weeks . 
  fptp is cancer to representative democracy . 
  damn . 
  nothing like a 50 % divide across the country to show how good the heading of a country is . 
  the legitimacy of brexit is a moot point . 
  it 's going to happen no matter what the polls say . 
  they love the immunity it brings . 
  boom goes the assad airport , 
   present proof of french intelligence having conclusive proof it was assad . 
  i am happy with the proof presented .
