   so what ? 
  does it allow anybody to annex ukrainian territories ? 
  dude did you look at the map ? 
  only 10 % of crimeans were native ukrainian speakers . 
  it 's not a land that belongs to you . 
  did crimeans vote in a referendum to join ukraine ? 
  khrushchev said : `` here have this . '', 
  if a vast amount of people want to join russia , it 's their right . 
  and no matter how you twist it , the majority of crimeans did want to join russia . 
  was it 60 % ? 
  i dont know . 
  but everyone agrees it 's friggin larger than 50 % +1 . 
   moldovan immigrants bring no trouble and form no ghettoes . 
  we integrate , and we 're grateful and happy . 
  there are many people on this globe just like that . 
  citizenship should be given to people that want to be part of a country , participate . 
  not just an easy visa for europe . 
   crimea was ruled by greeks in ancient times , so what ? 
  you can not run from history . 
  crimea is a region that is mostly happy to be back in russia . 
   ah , so ukrainians are not of humane nature , this is nazism ukraine as a country is not of humane nature . 
  never in the history of humanity did the ukrainians occupy an area that is as large as it is now . 
  let it go man . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_language#/media/file:ukraine_census_2001_ukrainian.svg look at this map . 
  only 30 % of the natives of the far east have ukrainian as their native language . 
   no , it is sovereign country :d okay . 
  my history teacher from a small hs at the time in 2004 . 
  she said yeah ukraine is basically a hodge-podge . 
  the soviets after ww2 took bits and pieces of romania , poland and even russia and told the ukranians here : have those . 
  while the ukranians were able enough to `` dilute '' the polish , romanian and other populations , well with the russians they were stuck . 
  as tensions increased , the country pops . 
  it happened to the austro-hungarian empire , it happened to ukraine . 
  you can not run away from history . 
  we keep talking about crimea . 
  look at the stats . 
  the crimeans are happy to be part of russia now . 
   algeria and tunisia are n't war-torn . 
  that 's why they can easily come to france . 
   no doubt many of the boats are carrying libyan refugees to the first safe anchorage they can find , problem is it is n't just refugee libyans . 
  so we agree that we should keep the lybians ? 
  also it 's time for romania to stop giving passports so easily . 
   we thought the same thing about ukraine . 
  russia was a signatory to the budapest memorandum , guaranteeing ukraine 's borders . 
  in the end it did n't matter . 
  no we did n't . 
  it was very much expected after 2004 that ukraine would split in two . 
   cyber-attacks ? 
  meh ... we can cyber-attack russia too . 
  they do n't hold the monopoly on hackers . 
  do you people still live in the 20th century ? 
  look at reality and what 's currently happening . 
  china stole the info of 5 million us govt workers . 
  us and israel wrote a virus that destroyed 1/5th of iran 's centrifuges . 
  they didnt need to fire one bomb . 
   the real threat is russians hiring botnets to ddos ? 
  it is not really that threatening . 
  when your industry will become more and more connected to the internet , cyberattacks will be more and more powerful . 
  heck what was the biggest blow to iran 's nuclear facilities ? 
  a virus . 
   p.s. 
  it 's good explanation in luke harding 's `` mafia state '' why mafia in post-soviet countries is so powerful . 
  is it strong in the baltic countries ? 
  lwow . 
   russian-ukrainian war . 
  started with annexation of crimea well crimea should n't have been given to ukraine from the beginning . 
  a lot of what ukraine is nowadays is just bits and pieces of former countries . 
  take lwow . 
  in 1930 , 63 % of its inhabitants were polish speakers . 
  take czernowitz , a city that was n't even founded by ukranians and only had a ukranian majority after the 1940s . 
  it 's a frankenstein of states ukraine . 
  and sometimes the bits and parts fall off to a more humane nature . 
   otherwise in 1941-1945 there was civil war in soviet union , germans just provided some help we never do talk about the genocides and land grabs committed by the ukranians , do we ? 
  so how long until the state goes bankrupt because no one wants to pay taxes ? 
  they have vodka and cheap hookers ? 
   at the start of this we should have sent them back to the shore they came from , sank the boats and shot ( yes shot ) the traffickers while on the ocean . 
  well the lybians that are coming are from a war torn country . 
  and the closest stop is lampedusa . 
  so i dunno how much the crisis we faced from africa applies in this context . 
   i do n't think that will happen , 51 + % of the people are at least smart enough to like the eu . 
  are those still living in moldova or did they take their romanian passport and high tail it to europe , leaving only the communists in charge ? 
  13 % of moldavians have a romanian passport . 
  that 's huuuge . 
  what 's the deal with bulgaria ? 
  do they have the most powerful mafia or wtf ? 
  there 's a difference between being corrupt and being corrupt and wielding rpgs . 
  also ordering assassinations . 
  we all remember the video of the guy whose gun jammed . 
   early elections may only make matters worse , the pro-european coalition is completely discredited , part of it treacherous , while the pro-russian parties have been getting more and more fame . 
  so it 'll take another 25 + years for moldova to start pulling its shit together ? 
  that sounds fun . 
   russia will whine a bit , but its the only way to keep them on their own turf , unfortunately . 
  this is the real threat the baltic countries are facing : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007_cyberattacks_on_estonia not some invasion that will never happen and 1000 soldiers . 
   west europe wants to leave east europe to the wolves . 
  that 's a bit of an exaggeration dont you think ? 
  eu needs to tackle fraud committed by individuals ** and ** tax `` optimisation '' done by companies . 
  maybe the colour code does n't express the total number of votes . 
  france can look very euro skeptic but ile de france ( orange on the map where paris is ) has a population of 12 million . 
  the yellowest part is the limousin with a population of only 0.7 million . 
  also the orange ( most of poland ) is 40-60 % approval . 
  so it can be 40 % or it can be 60 % ...
