  how about we see you midway and do a pippa poster ? 
  so templats but no assassins . 
  i see which side you guys picked ... and i 'm disappointed . 
  you can really jazz up an assassin suit . 
  cape and everything . 
  i hope you guys wont have to go through a terrorist attack . 
  projecting the union flag would be a bitch . 
  i still hope they share cold pizza and complain they 're too old for this job . 
  or maybe they 've got clown cars . 
  a whole bunch show up at the same time . 
  \\ #secretsecuritylivesmatter, 
   maybe he needs a light slap in the face . 
  or fiddle a boy . 
  after those assholes just got shot it was n't exactly the message to send , was it ? 
  context meet redditor . 
   point taken , but it 's possible other migrants who met this man in the camps would have intel to provide . 
  i.e. , what language/dialect/accent he spoke . 
  that would help to shed light on his real origins . 
  indeed . 
  that 's a great point . 
  i wonder how easy will be to find them . 
   in fact it 's weird no one has id ` ed him yet , period ( given that the photo is all over international news ) . 
  are iraqis following closely this news and ready to give his name ? 
   that was the action of people who were upset and victimised and wanted to take revenge . 
  i do n't condone but it 's human nature . 
  that 's why there 's a justice system and you dont let victims do their own justice . 
  torture is disgusting and subhuman . 
  probably refugee center in greece . 
  if they got his prints they also made a photo . 
  much better quality than a passport . 
   that 's just another sign of how badly we 've integrated islamic cultures within europe , i think . 
  nope . 
  just a sign he isnt european . 
  well the op accused france of supporting pkk by giving a home to a woman tortured by turkish police . 
   even though he was european i 'm saying he 's not european . 
  a european would have been identified by family , friends , coworkers , neighbors by now . 
  we have super clear photos of him and they 're all over the media . 
  okay that i expected to be real :d, 
   by the way , which photo are they showing on tv ? 
  the passport photo ? 
  [ no , the photo after the explosion of course/s ] ( http://www.francetvinfo.fr/attentats-de-paris-la-police-lance-un-nouvel-appel-a-temoin-pour-identifier-un-des-kamikazes-du-stade-de-france_1180309.html )  identifying the attackers is difficult no , it 's not . 
  if the person ever lived in europe , he would have been identified by now . 
  yet no one is saying they 've seen this guy . 
  he 's not european . 
  we know the passport is fake . 
   i would not be surprised how 's that tin foil man ? 
   exactly . 
  even though he was european , he still entered europe by disguising himself as a refugee , using the non-existent border control to his advantage . 
  this news changes nothing . 
  if i show your photo on national tv and say you 're a terrorist , do you think some work colleague , friend , whatever wont call the cops and say  omg that looks like / u/kyoraki, 
  quick question . 
  if we show your photo on national tv and say this guy is a terrorist , do you think any friends or family or people that have seen you once would call the cops and say : omg that 's / u/ajaume _ 2, 
  his photo has been shown all over the tv in europe . 
  you 're telling me we have a european that has no friends and never left his house . 
  the guy would be on reddit by now . 
   and i guess narcotics trafficking is cool by you ? 
  neah . 
  it 's super serious . 
  that 's more serious than terrorism . 
  weed is the real killer children . 
  stay away . 
   by turkey for being member of a terrorist organization . 
  what crimes against humanity did he commit ? 
  honestly it should be easy to find some documents . 
   imagine what you would do if you had your hands at the terrorists who committed a massacre in paris . 
  not torture him . 
  we 're looking for one and not to torture . 
  wtf . 
   that woman was not an innocent victim . 
  she was a terrorist who led an organisation that turned se turkey and northern iraq into a bloody mess . 
  i dont fuckin care . 
  you dont torture people . 
  only maniacal sadists torture people . 
   perhaps he truly was a french or belgian citizen and was known to have gone abroad to fight in syria dude , he 's the only guy non-identified . 
  they showed his face all over tv . 
  nobody came up saying :  fuck this is jean-francois . 
  so we have a french or belgian that has never left his house . 
  do you think we 're stupid ? 
  no i cant . 
  there is no excuse for torture and anyone that supports it and finds it okay it an animal in my book . 
  the further they are from europe , the better . 
   z\u00fcbeyir aydar he is living in belgium , i have no clue who he is but he became leader of the kongra gel in 2003 ( whatever the fuck that is ) . 
  what crimes against humanity did he commit ? 
  why are n't you asking for his extradition . 
  he 's living in brussels . 
   he is wanted in turkey for being `` member of an illegal political party '' and since october 14 , 2009 wanted by the u.s. for `` narcotics trafficking '' , along with murat karay\u0131lan and ali riza altun . 
  so he 's just wanted cuz he 's member of a party ? 
  that 's fucking weak man . 
  that 's your isis ? 
  a guy living in brussels since 93 ? 
   she was tortured in the 80s like the other political prisoners and that is not something i approve of . 
  so you cant complain that the french are supporting pkk . 
  she was tortured , she served her time . 
   how would you react if we took a isis commander to our parliament ? 
  you dont need that . 
  [ you just fund them ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/links-between-turkey-and-isis-are-now-undeniable-2015-7?r=us&amp;ir=t ) that 's real cynicism . 
   just a few years ago half of europe was randomly kidnapping innocent muslims and giving them to americans . 
  they catch a muslim day . 
  fuck those were fun . 
  why did we stop doing them ?
