  the whore of paris ? 
  they stole muh chickens , man . 
  what 's a frenchman without his rooster ? 
   yeah , we 're marginalizing them since the 14th century ... lmao yup . 
  they were slaves in eastern europe . 
  even serfs couldn ' , t not be treated as property , had the right to mary whomever they want , could present testimony in a court of law . 
  gypsies ? 
  they were dirt . 
   not my country , business , nor do i care about the eu . 
  i can see that . 
  you 0 knowledge of what happened in europe . 
  so why do n't you go read a book , get an education . 
  so they made a movie called the dirty happy people ? 
  dude i think you 're a wee bit oversensitive . 
  we should build a safe space for you . 
  i hope you 'll go to seine st denis and call them bougnoules . 
   have some balls buddy . 
  so gadjo dilo is a hate crime movie huh ? 
  the happy impure ? 
  the happy half-blood ? 
  what was it ? 
   and most of us have similar stories about them around europe , but hey we 're all imagining things and are literal waycists not letting them live their `` lifestyle '' . 
  it 's amazing when you completely marginalise a people ... that they refuse to integrate . 
  who knew ? 
  ok i 'm off to tell the brits they 're selfish assholes and their country will go to waste . 
  they 're sure to love continental europe after all this !, 
   french puppet in mali asks for french help . 
  what a surprise ah so you 're in favor of al queda in maghreb . 
  because that 's who was attacking them . 
  nice to have terrorist lovers on / r/europe . 
   how 's isis treating you . ? 
  do n't you wan na get your virgins quicker . 
   the same roma people who literally have a word ( gadjo ) so gadjo dilo is a hate crime movie ? 
  you 're a bit sensitive are n't you ? 
  it 's just a term to define someone who his non-gypsy . 
   one reason for the continued discrimination is the high amount of criminality among the roma . 
  weird . 
  they say the same thing about ~ ~ nigg ~ ~ ~ ~ colo ~ ~ ~ ~ blackie ~ ~ afro-americans . 
  but i agree two wrongs do make a right and if a roma stole from you it 's only fair to have racist commentary . 
   the facts are that until the last 30-40 years there were a lot of revolutions , counter revolutions etc in several countries and many of ex dictators relinquished power ceausescu did n't give up power , idi amin did n't give up power , he got his country occupied by tanzania , mugabe did n't give up power . 
   pinochet we was declared unfit to stand trial in london and when he came back to chile the judge there did declare him fit to stand trial but he died before . 
  so wtf are you talking about ? 
  are you telling chileans they should n't try their former dictators ? 
  pinochet never was a full on dictator , he depended fully on the military generals . 
   gain ghadafi ( after the facts became clear against him ) offered to negotiate a transition of power he did n't offer shit . 
  he offered to stand down for his sons . 
  that 's bullshit . 
   but it was categorically negated by the international community so he continued to fight until he could . 
  sarko and cameron wanted him killed . 
  it had nothing to do with the cpi . 
  he was to be removed permanently and he was . 
   what reason was there for assad to surrender ? 
  why would assad surrender when he 's backed by russia . 
  dude you cherry pick facts and spin it to create your own narrative . 
  kewl man , kewl . 
  let 's ignore srebenica , rwandan genocide and let 's keep claiming that the world went to shit in 1998 when the cpi was created . 
  would n't you say that he destroyed it by proving fresh new ideas from the 60s ? 
   i am sure we will find war crimes there , maybe we could even arrest sarkozy for it when he visits israel . 
  i would be thrilled . 
    mali so the president of mali asks for our help because they 're overrun with aqmis and you wan na investigate hollande . 
  you like boom booms  ? 
   oh yeah , tzipi livni is a nazi criminal you sound extremely touchy and sensitive . 
  i recommend you calm down and re-read what i wrote . 
  have a nice day, 
  do you not understand the concept of inquiry ? 
   killing people by thousands in syria and yemen . 
  but no french or other pussyhat politician have guts for it i support an inquiry . 
  and if a french citizen has been affected by the yemen bombings things should be analysed . 
   partial justice is much better than no justice . 
   o you support the arrest of obama if he steps foot in the eu ? 
  obama has not committed any war crimes to the best of my knowledge . 
   that being said i support an inquiry on the bush and blair administrations . 
   i typed a long response to you , then i realize there is no point of course not . 
  because you did n't read the thread . 
  this is a discussion about ** western values ** and uruguay , colombia , argentina , brazil with their right to gay marriage and gay adoption understand these values better that your country ( which is already a model for ee ) where gay couples can not adopt and there 's no question about poland or russia . 
   you simply see us as the biggest rats , worse that anything jesus dude , victimisation much ? 
   thousand years old common history with germany is forgotten you 're a country of 10 million people that can not achieve that critical mass of exchange of idea to obtain extreme high quality research and innovation . 
  heck if you look at the map of nobels in europe , you see that the countries that the more collaboration a country has with the west , the more nobels they get . 
  their benefit from this pool of knowledge . 
  we french benefitted from uks industrial revolution and brought our own contribution to sciences and technology . 
  we profit and we give back . 
  and without this massive collaboration we 'd still be under the sun king in feudal states . 
  and you 're a smaller country so proportionally , you profit more and you give back less . 
  how is that not obvious . 
  and once you cut connections ... well you end up with eastern europe under communism for example . 
  how did that work out for you ? 
  are you bothered being confronted with reality ? 
   it 's the main reason why authoritarian leaders fight to the end with devastating cost of human life instead of `` retiring '' with some kind of deal . 
  you have facts man . 
  all the facts . 
  and they 're so good . 
   and now they think they can hold israeli leaders accountable . 
  if an israeli citizen is suspected of committing a crime against a french person , and israel does nothing , i fully expect the french state to not let that person walk freely through france without being interogated . 
   sadly enough , these people are unworldly , naive and plain wrong . 
  no dude . 
  you just do n't understand how international law works . 
  passive personality is a well know principle widely applied . 
  well israel applied this principle when hunting for nazi ... 
  unless you think nazi hunting was illegal . 
  the us and every other country that fight terrorism http://ir.lawnet.fordham.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1242&amp;context=ilj it 's a well establish principle of international law .
