   brussels funny cartoons ? 
  yes !, 
   but it is also people like you , who criticize something , just because of the social group they feel an attachment to , not because of any critical thinking . 
  nope . 
  it 's erdogan . 
   but in a muslim-majority country , it is more of a big deal in the eyes of the public . 
  fair enough . 
  no one would insult jesus in europe . 
  so it 's not the fault of the banking industry for using what are well known faulty risk measures like var and especially faulty correlation measures like gaussian copulas that vastly underestimate contagion risk even though that 's essential for cdos ? 
  cdo ^ 2 etc that were at the root of the financial crisis ? 
  it 's not the fault of the banking industry for colluding with notation agencies to fork triple as like there 's no risk in the world ? 
  it 's not the fault of the banking industry for creating ever more complicated interest rate options like ratchet or snowball options and selling them to cities and local administration 's with the promise of low interest rates but had no idea of the risks associated and they became heavily indebted . 
  and let 's not talk about the money laundering , tax evasion etc that banks have significantly helped to simplify . 
  so tell me , what finance class did i miss ? 
   also there is no such thing as a black frenchman , its not possible . 
  lem me tell you about your country . 
   with the refugee crisis and swedens policy it might be far superior now . 
  there it is !, 
  we did n't have to wait long for this comment to appear . 
  heck even non-eu ee immigration restrictions are viewed poorly because `` cultural reasons '' and `` you let in all those moslems and now you wan na restrict good ol' ukranians ? '', 
  you 're planting your seed wrong . 
   if so , it sort of skews the statistic latvia is much higher than germany.are you saying native europeans have more kids . 
  interesting opinion . 
  there it is !, 
  we did n't have to wait long for this comment to show up . 
   state property of rulers the president of russia would have about 0 state property . 
  do people play as multiplayer so or what ? 
  and if they do , does that mean that two people can not choose the same country ? 
  if one guy is not strong enough from a statistical pov to change your ideas , you might be too rigid . 
   the main military in the pacific what 's that got to do with trade deals ? 
  should we seek a trade deal with saudi arabia because they have a mighty army ? 
  give'us a kiss luff before you leave !, 
   france system is extremely unfavorable for youth . 
  yes , because the french economy is geared towards highly productive jobs so you need a high level of skills . 
   the problem is how difficult it is to lay off an employee . 
  nope . 
   young people work harder for a much lower salary but that does n't matter . 
  take a look at where the highest unemployment is : unskilled workers . 
  people with higher education were n't really affected . 
  the problem is maybe that the minimum wage is too high for unskilled workers that also tend to be young people . 
  there 's no point in correlating unemployment with age . 
  if you graduated from x mines , centrale , ponts , hec , you 'll be offered a job before being offered the degree . 
  in your situation , you 'd just reduce unemployment for the young unskilled workers while increasing it for the elderly unskilled workers . 
  you 're stealing from peter to give to paul . 
  what you need is to increase the economic attractivity of unskilled workers . 
   `` it was a different time back then in the 1970s . 
  the party of today is focused on the issues of today -- it is jobs , housing and restoring french sovereignty and culture . ''  justine dieulafait so when the young head of the fn branch in nice and regional councilman declared that there were n't [ actual mass murders ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/election-presidentielle-2017/article/2017/03/15/un-conseiller-regional-du-fn-suspendu-pour-avoir-tenu-des-propos-negationnistes_5094690_4854003.html ) during the holocaust , that 's the new fn ? 
   by cultural differences between refugees and hosting country ? 
  not at all . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's a universal cultural principle of not wanting to die in a warzone . 
   i love the eu but spanish government is nothing like other members states . 
  yeah . 
  we were much more successful in removing catalans . 
  only some 60k people speak catalan out of 450k people living in the area . 
  you got ta start early and be ruthless  :d, 
   if your citizens do n't feel themselves as spaniards or have representation in the country , then they were failed . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  so spain should have done like france ? 
  surpress anything that is n't parisian french and concentrate political , military , economic , educational power at the center making it fully clear that if a part of the country breaks off , it will be worse off than it is within the state ? 
  this way you 'll have a country with no real separatist movements , so the state succeeded ? 
  do n't you have the thalys ? 
   we 're a tax haven tbh . 
  it 's common knowledge you need palm trees and sunny weather to be a tax haven . 
   we will stop if you stop sheltering those terrorists . 
  when you start torturing those terrorists , then it shows you 're not a responsible state and these people need protection . 
   eta/ira are far more accurate comparisons . 
  the british/spanish govt repression was n't even close as violent as the turkish govt repression . 
  we 'd like it if turkey 'd stop assassinating kurdish militants in paris too . 
   i do n't know why you 'd use wwii examples when there 's far more accurate comparisons to eta or the ira in terms of scale of conflict it ressembles much more the french resistance than eta or ira https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdish%e2%80%93turkish_conflict_%281978%e2%80%93present%29 though probably the best comparison would be the chechen war . 
  why ? 
  france and germany are planning to develop a common main battle tank . 
  there 's a common drone project . 
  if current history is an example , people will just say : oh why ca n't we be more like germany . 
   if a missile shield brings no protection to poland . 
   poland looks to the us because the us military has a proven history of combat power . 
  you have n't replied to my comment . 
  in what way is aegis ashore useful for poland and regional stability ? 
  i get your circlejerk it 's nice and all that , but at some point people have to sit at the table , like it happened with georgia or with ukraine . 
   is it a bad thing that the europeans ca n't fight a small conflict in their own back yard ? 
  a small conflict was operation serval which the americans only gave minimal help . 
  that is how all operations should be carried from now on . 
  ** if ** the local govt calls for help , then yes we can intervene . 
  that 's what russia is doing in syria and we realised ... yeah there 's shit we can do there , even a global power like the us . 
  instead going like cowboys like us/uk did in afghanistan/iraq or fr/uk/us did in libya , maybe it 's time to scale back our ambitions . 
  i doubt you think an of these campaigns were a success story and we should redo them . 
   on the other hand poland is probably more realistic is it ? 
  the us [ left the anti-ballistic missile treaty in 2002 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-ballistic_missile_treaty ) starting a new diplomatic conflict with russia . 
  poland and romania then accepted to put a missile shield on their territory that practically only makes them a target in the case of a nuclear conflict and brings no benefits to regional stability ( or protection ) . 
   we could n't even successfully carry out the campaigns is that a bad thing ? 
  libya was a disaster . 
  no one wants to go into syria . 
  afghanistan and iraq were disasters . 
  the days of military intervention on grand scales are over for us ... and that 's not bad . 
   yeah , let 's not give arms to the people who need them most and want to defend themselves fun fact , bhl was in favour of lifting the embargo and he was also one of the main supporters of the libyan war and he 's still happy france went it ... 
   it was n't that much of a priority during the cold war . 
  france was n't that happy with germany becoming militarised immediatly after the war . 
   how well do you think that would go down with the brits and the french ? 
  so you 'll buy more military tech ? 
  yeah i 'm sure both france and uk would be pissed about that . 
  in order to increase the area of land controlled by the croatians .
