   it was meant to unify and standardize the writing system yeah . 
  which in romania is the latin alphabet while ukranians would use cyrillic . 
   in the case of moldova , it tried to mitigate , guess what , russification i have no idea what you mean by russification . 
  russia was not at all involved in education during that period . 
  and no , the point still stands for [ ukrainians ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanianization ), 
  * facepalm * did lagarde say you 'd have to demolish the structures every time ? 
  you build them once and use many times . 
  baltic no . 
  neither central moldova since those countries did n't want to be part of the ussr . 
  concerning parts where belorussians and ukranians lived it is more complicated . 
  there were ukrainian independentist movements in romania at that time . 
  well even your link shows that in storojinet there were fewer romanians than ukrainians , same in cernauti same in hotin . 
  in cetatea alba romanians were the 3rd minority and in ismail the second . 
  romania did n't actually negotiate with anyone in 1919 . 
  they just said : oh look their parlements voted for unification . 
  guess it 's all ours . 
  there should have been an actual process of seeing who wants to be part of romania and who does n't . 
  because romania found itself having to do a strong process of [ romanisation ] ( https://ro.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/rom%c3%a2nizare ) in many areas . 
  well you also have this source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bessarabia#/media/file:recensamant_1941_judete.png nothern bukovina and budjak shouldnt really have been part of romania since romanians were minorities in those regions . 
   northern bukovina northern bukovina was mostly ukranians , only cernauti and to the south being mostly romanian . 
  northern bessarabia : hotin was mostly ukranian and in budjak ( southern bessarabia ) the romanians were a minority and also the ukranians , but there were more ukranians than romanians . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bessarabia#/media/file:recensamant_1941_judete.png ) again , the ukranians should have been invited to the discussions at versailles . 
   the exact same large crowds cheered on p\u00e9tain in paris in april 1944 so ? 
  do you honestly believe that the french were particularly proud to be the conquered state ? 
  oh my we 're so lucky we have a german puppet govt . 
  and i find it highly ridiculous that you 'd use the term * leniency * . 
  the epuration after ww2 was anything but lenient . 
  10k-11k killed , the majority executed in extra judicial affairs . 
  97k people went to jail . 
  it was a severe punishment and it left marks on the french society . 
  do you have any examples of people collaborating * before * the 22nd of june armistice ? 
   decades later in the 60s-70s , when west germans faced their past oh please , you can not compare germany with vichy france . 
  and we know how severe the denazification indeed was ... with people that used slave labour being made head chiefs at nasa . 
   , it 's clear that this past still is n't resolved . 
  i 'm always annoyed by people that want to solve things . 
  they want big debates ... on europe , on immigration , on national identity etc etc. 
  they think omg we 'll solve all our issues if we collectively as a people sit down and just solve things . 
  they never realise that what they seem to achieve each time is creating fractures in society . 
  you selectively present facts , you ignore completely others that do n't follow your agenda but you still want an honest debate ... 
  for me ford fiesta is n't an american car . 
  it 's an american brand that produced a car specifically for the european market . 
  mustang is an american car , just like audi is a european/german car . 
  here we 're talking about things that are european/american and that appeal because they 're european/american . 
  i am simply presenting facts . 
  the direction you wan na spin them is up to you . 
  neither did many of the states that formed after the ah empire was dismantled , yet ... 
  it means that it shows the fact that some people like the ukranians or belorussians were not really present at the versailles negociations . 
  the ford fiesta was a car designed for the european market . 
  the first ford fiesta that was sold in north america was the 6th generation ... 30 years after the first fiesta was launched . 
  people do n't buy it because it 's american . 
  well to be fair , the polish land occupied by the soviets was mostly [ belorussian or ukranian . ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/60/poland1937linguistic.jpg ) . 
  while the lands occupied by germany were mostly polish . 
  most people outwith spain do not speak spanish and are unlikely to want to have to learn it . 
  from all the foreign languages , probably spanish has one of the brightest futures . 
  i picked it up because almost a whole subcontinent speaks it and it 's not that difficult to learn , it being latin based . 
   turns out i 'm the ignorant one . 
  welcome to the club . 
  we have beer but no one knows where it 's at . 
   wwi was bad for trade and it happened anyway . 
  were any of the countries that started that shit fest a democracy ? 
  yes . 
  / u/ekaros for the purpose of sounding edgy af, 
   i 'll never get why europeans are so harsh to americans but the reverse is rarely ever the same ironic when you basically said : `` why are evil europeans so evil towards americans ? '', 
  you dislike and admire europe just as much as we dislike and admire the us . 
  we have our `` gun totting bible thumping fat americans '' and you have your `` socialists , commie , nanny state capitalist hating europeans '' . 
  concerning your nike , ray ban comment . 
  well it 's convenient to buy nike ( or adidas which is easily interchangeable ) . 
  concerning ray ban they 're now an italian company . 
  google is convenient so is apple or fb . 
  other things are n't as convenient so you really wo n't see a lot of american cars for example in europe . 
  their great economy was in the shitter 16 years ago . 
  they went through a minor recession in 2003 and they were called the sick man of europe . 
  the major boom since 2005 is all their own work ( plus the euro helping out by sucker punching southern eu countries , but oh well ) . 
  vichy was hardly as prevalent in french society as nazism in germany . 
  you flew too close to the sun ... 
  ai n't no plan better than a boris plan because a boris plan is ... non existent . 
  and you 'll be the chief negotiator ? 
  you either know more than the rest of the people here or you do n't know shit ... 
  they did clean up their act . 
  no one 's fault they had to rate banks and we 're also paid by banks for the rating ... 
  huh . 
  til . 
  nobody 's saying they 've become zimbabwe . 
  what everyone is saying is how unnecessary this whole shebang is . 
  sapin did n't open anything . 
  what / u/azlan82 forgets to mention is that french politicians tend to be more responsible than their british counterparts . 
  sapin just said : well we do n't know what will happen , a free trade deal might be reached , and quickly . 
  but a free trade deal is n't access to the single market . 
  sapin also said that brexit means london will lose its fiscal passport . 
  he also said he wants paris , frankfurt , amsterdam to recuperate activities from the city . 
  so unlike / u/azlan82 , sapin knows the different between single market and free trade deals . 
  finance minister . 
  the foreign minister is ayrault who said uk must trigger art 50 as soon as possible . 
   we let ukraine down because it 's people wanted to be closer to the eu and it makes me sick . 
  yeah we should have sent military to fight the russians . 
  why do n't you send your own troops ? 
  the average european too , deffo . 
  i did express myself poorly . 
  but i mean once you 're a doctor , engineer , programmer etc. . . 
  ok . [ wembley has it tho ] ( https://twitter.com/wembleystadium/status/748210228785717249 ),
