   that 's correct , but they are using ancient equipment and operating at a loss , all for the sake of international prestige . 
  was n't that the space shuttle program before it was shut down ? 
  russian rockets have really great reliability so i 'll want a source of the soyuz being non-profitable . 
   russians arent much different in the belief that working together instead of indivdual interest best suits their civilization . 
    it 's like corruption , many russians will openly admit corruption exist but it 's always been that way and the wheels keep spinning so to many in russia , corruption is n't necessarily seen as a bad thing . 
  everybody who 's somebody is like that . 
  look at all the us vs eu debates and whatever . 
  everybody thinks they 're in the perfect system and the others are a bunch of drones that havent seen the light . 
   again , i think when it comes to the east the left-right dichotomy can be put in the ground . 
  and it 's only a matter of time before the west realizes how fake it is as well . 
  it is not fake . 
  there are major differences between the left and the right in france for example . 
  the center is also very different compared to the left or the right . 
   state inteventionism is n't done because it is `` left-wing '' . 
  it still is a left-wing policy . 
  people still view an important govt as a good thing . 
   societal issues do n't range between left and right . 
  they range between liberal apathy and conservative moralism . 
  so between left and right then ? 
  liberalism is a leftist pov on society while conservative views are ... well ... right wing . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  everybody was a former regime member . 
  be them former communists or from the securitate . 
   although i think romania 's victory lies in the fact that the beyond-center-right parties never managed to gain much power for whatever reason . 
  can you expand ? 
   their ideology is largely irrelevant  and state intervention is embraced by all parties to different degrees . 
  these two statements are in contradiction then . 
  one of the hallmarks of left wing econ is state interventionism . 
  i think the east is left wing in terms of economics and right wing when it comes to societal issues . 
  it 's just a joke ... 
  are the economic policies by the pis left wing or right wing though ? 
  i tend to think it 's more the corruption scandals that destroyed them . 
  same thing happened with other parties . 
  one 's the true religion and the other is not . 
  i 'm a yelp reviewer btw, 
   is that what you tell your gay friends to reassure them ? 
  what gay friends ? 
  what are you accusing me of ? 
   whole generation of people who did n't remember their rule had to grow up to rise them to power again . 
  does this mean it is the young people that voted them into power ? 
  what 's the age distribution and vote ? 
   which was essentially a party full of former securitate members . 
  how did that work for romania ? 
  do you mean to say the other people from the other parties were not former regime members ? 
  the things i 've learnt . 
  okay so that explains why there 's a strong right movement , but why such a weak left ? 
     yes . 
  bulgaria took in about 1 million immigrants before and around the world wars . 
  but !, 
  all of them were with bulgarian origin or similar ( white russians , armenians ) and christians . 
  that was with a population of 3,5-5 million . 
  and france took millions of italians , polish , spaniards , portuguese . 
  that does n't really count . 
  there are 2 types of views i think inside catholicism . 
  those who think the poor should be helped by giving them the means to help themselves ( it can be seen in south america , basically socialism ) and the view that the poor should be helped by charity ( ee catholicism - jp2 - for example , or in the us ) . 
  these are connected then with political movements , the socialist christians will be also focused on created a more equal system , and other social issue - the current pope . 
  the other will be more right wing . 
  you can find out more by checking out [ liberation theology ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberation_theology ) . 
  still weird . 
  romania 's most important party after the revolution was the left wing party . 
  communism or whatever that was does n't fully explain poland . 
   france has something similar i believe . 
  banlieues zones de marginalisation or something or other . 
  in france , statistics based on the origin of the person are forbidden by law , also religion based stats so nope , such a thing would in that precise context would not be possible . 
  that being said there are some areas created based on crime levels . 
  is there any eu country that has a successful record in integration ? 
   `` we were coming to an area in the middle of the forest we know nothing about , just snow and wind and nothing else , '' esam taha , one of the syrian refugees aboard the bus recently told the local . 
  this made me chuckle . 
  sweden has a population density of 21 people per square km . 
  were they expecting to be left off in new york or something ? 
  that 's an interesting fact i did not know . 
  why did they do this ? 
   so us should tell 75 percent of their populous to fuck off ? 
  they do tell them that . 
  it has a nice name though = green card . 
  not every schmuck can get it . 
  how do you know that the old brits arent learning some spanish or trying to find out more about the culture ? 
  those i 've met in the south of france do speak some french so maybe in spain they also try ? 
   so you 're saying that only poor people need to integrate ? 
  go apply for a visa to country x. 
  you will be asked if you have sufficient funds to sustain yourself . 
  does that mean poor people should n't apply for visas ? ... kiiinda . 
  it is discrimination to give it to some but not others because of `` wrong '' pair of genitalia . 
   politics do n't work that way . 
  you do n't create a new party just becouse you want extra one point in the program . 
  except that 's how it works . 
  if it 's a major societal issue , then it works like that . 
  but then again , lgbt non-discrimination is not an important issue in poland i see . 
   most of the legal problems are just inconveniences that you can just to go around so not being able to see your de facto kid if your former partner decides against it , is just a minor inconvenience you can just go around ? 
  what if tomorrow a law is passed saying divorced men can not see their kids if their former wives decide against it . 
  is that minor ? 
   it 's not a aimed discrimination like eg . 
  in russia so then pass those goddamn laws . 
  what 's stopping you ? 
  honestly . 
  it takes 5 minutes to pass those laws , you just remove any gender from the laws and it works . 
  if it were economical issues or foreign policy i 'd understand , that shit is complicated . 
  but gay marriage ? 
  really ? 
  what 's stopping poland from passing those laws ?
