  poland lasted 1 month being flanked by two super powers . 
  neither france nor the british empire could have attacked at that moment . 
  the plan was to wait and it did n't work because the germans went through the marshlands . 
  fine . 
  make camps for syrians . 
  i think people would rather live in a nice camp in europe than a shitty camp in jordan . 
   and they let us to be gobbled up in 1945 . 
  and gobbled us up in 2004 . 
  yeah .2004 was a horror moment for poland . 
  okay i 'll leave cuz i ca n't really talk to piss, 
   in 2013 the eu sent back just 39 % of those refused asylum , the eu commission says in its european agenda on migration . 
  make the system better . 
  there is no inherent issue with making deportations easier for those that fail to get asylum . 
   more than half of those fleeing to europe from the middle east andafrica are economic migrants we 're talking about refugees here though . 
  no we all understand how it 's better to come to we than to live in turkey . 
  you simply utterly fail to understand that emigrants tend to be young people generally with not as many skills . 
  they can stay in turkey and hope some they they 'll make a good living after 30 years of work . 
  of they can come to we hope to find a job and stay for a bit . 
  if they work for 10 years and then come home it 's like they would have stayed and worked in their home country for 30 years . 
  but they accelerated the process , they have now have better funding they can build a nice home , start a business who knows , they already bought a nice car . 
  claiming that illegal immigration wo n't rise and that more people wo n't come to we to try and find work is a hilarious statement . 
  the fact that 40 % of turkish are under 25 shocks me . 
  they tend to be the population that takes the highest risks and the population most likely to leave . 
  just look at what the romanians and poles were doing . 
  again neither france not the british empire could attack germany . 
  you do n't do suicidal attacks just for the sake of a treaty . 
  we did not have the army , the population , the training . 
  that fact is obvious because spoiler alert : we lost that war . 
  the british became proud of how quickly they managed to retreat : dunkirk miracle . 
  i 'm sorry the world does n't revolve around the poles . 
   but syria could just deny entry to the refugee when they are safe . 
  it 's their citizens . 
  i mean you can make a ton of ifs and buts . 
  i do not mind criticism if it is fair , balanced and honest . 
  but honestly in many cases it 's completely ridiculous . 
  people expect other countries to help them for free or whatever . 
  of course they were helped in order to further french interests , but that is not nothing . 
  you advance things through negotiation . 
  you get if you give . 
  ** but ** unlike other countries france and the british empire were willing to let poland at the negociation table . 
  if the us is interested in ee it 's not because they believe ee is some magic land with which they have deep connections . 
  nope it 's because it case things happen , that 's where the war will happen . 
  allies is n't some magic connection formed with brotherly love . 
  it 's not like france helps everybody , we were dicks to algeria but concerning eastern europe it was mutually beneficial situation  gim me gim me east people raised with jongoism ( from whatever country cuz france displays it too , you 'd think the resistance turned the tide of war ) do display stereotypical characteristics . 
  and what if you get a ton of children ? 
  or you do n't have jobs to give ? 
  do you tell them to fuck off ? 
  that makes no sense whatsoever . 
  did w europe accept czechs in 68 only because they could give them a job ? 
  a refugee is n't your regular migrant . 
   many of them is simply coming with no visas , meaning they cant be send home you misunderstand the concept of refugees . 
  they 're not people who wait in line in their war torn country at the embassy for a visa . 
  if i go to any random country without a visa , i 'll be sent back to france because france is a safe country . 
  if a syrian comes to france , he or she can not be sent home because syria is n't a safe country . 
  once syria is deemed safe , he or she will be asked to leave . 
  it happened before , it 'll happen now . 
  but hey let 's freak out . 
   minimum wage i you look at median wage dude . 
   i 'm sure cost of living is exactly same as turkey as well being middle class in a rich country is better than being middle class in a poor country . 
  and being poor in a rich country is better than being poor in a poor country . 
  have you see many poor we moving to turkey ? 
   turkey is not joining the eu . 
  no , but the number of people who overstay their limit will increase because it always happened like that . 
  so will you pay them unemployment if they work and get fired ? 
  will you pay them a pension once they work and go home when they retire ? 
  and what if you have no jobs to offer them ? 
   how about a referendum on accepting refugees ? 
  how about a referendum on accepting eastern european countries in the eu ? 
   no country is benefitting from all of these immigrants the point is not to benefit from refugees but to give them a safe place . 
  after the war is over , they get sent home . 
  war is not something anyone should benefit from . 
   who actually manage to integrate into the workforce . 
  is n't the point of refugees to wait during the war then send them home once things are ok ? 
  they 're not there because they 're a workforce . 
  banter aside . 
   1939 to attack germany while they forces were focused in poland . 
  the plan never was to attack germany . 
  proof : maginot line . 
  the idea was to defend against germany just like it happened in verdun . 
  france did n't attack during the silent war , they waited it out and france or the british empire never expected poland to put up a front for a sufficiently long time to flank germany ( and it did not ) . 
  poland had british and french backing . 
  the reasons are diverse . 
  maybe in order to act like a buffer between germany and the ussr . 
  most likely because 20 years after a super bloody war , germany going and invading other countries was not a great thing . 
  the sudeten could be argued that hey it had german people . 
  austria hey they wanted to unite with germany . 
  but poland ? 
  or other neighbours ? 
   that is true . 
  that something was a puppet state designed to weaken prussia so you 'd rather live under prussia and the russian empire ? 
  did any of those give you anything ? 
  how about the british empire ? 
   polish soldiers fought for that together with france and with napoleon on all fronts last time a polish soldier ever reached moscow . 
   personal freedoms were not full  ) fuck me nothing pleases you guys . 
  i bet personal freedoms are high in poland now though . 
  how 's gay marriage ? 
   this was reversed by prussia russian and austria . 
  but i had the impression france is bad and you 'd rather live under russia , prussia and austria . 
  that 's the problem of ee . 
  they complain about high military spending .
