  first off , this poll/survey is about perception so such things are rarely accurate . 
  regarding france , we 're not living in a bubble . 
  we know what our problems are . 
  we just do n't like other people coming in and telling us how to do things . 
  ask : which country is the best in the world , and you 'd get a different answer from the french . 
  that being said , we do rock as a country . 
   , but it ended about a thousand years ago . 
  at least you know when christ was born, 
  huh ? 
  simply before you could be interogated by the police ( proces verbal - not exactly an interrogation ) without having a lawyer present . 
  in custody . 
  honestly i 'm not sure how it was before . 
  i 'm not sure how it is now . 
  you have the right to remain silent though but i 'm too lazy to google more . 
  dude stop circlejerking abour poland . 
  yeah we get you . 
  poland does n't have the know-how and money to build a nuke . 
   not say anything without a lawyer present - this probably holds in all of europe . 
  only recently did the police interogations in france have to be given with a lawyer present . 
  dont worry . 
  poland will never get nukes . 
  then diane , now nigel . 
  candle in the wind . 
  first time i 've ever seen mafia spelt incorrectly . 
  https://eli-laser.eu extreme light infrastructure . 
  european project meant to construct some of the most powerful lasers in the world . 
  good luck . 
  happy cake day . 
  there are more french speakers in africa than in france . 
  the future will be interesting i think once africa starts picking up steam . 
  i. . . i think that 's / u/stiftungbeschdetest point : s . 
  people who live in dumps decide to shit on the walls to prove a message or something ... 
   besides proving my point , what is the point of your comment ? 
  because x is shitty , therefore y can be shitty too ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  it 's more of a stop freaking out people . 
  at the same time , are they any different from football hooligans ? 
  they were having an orgy :d, 
  he 's from barcelona :d, 
  i just watch fawlty towers during this time of the year . 
  and greece . 
  nato has nothing to do with what 's happening now . 
  and its not a democracy based organisation . 
  nato ? 
  democracy ? 
  why ? 
  are they expecting jesus ' second coming ? 
  they wan na be told what a great job they did ? 
  yeah . 
  turns out people are n't quick to forget and terrorists attack do cause a certain amount of unease in society . 
  in the end , it 's a normal reaction . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/air_force_one_photo_op_incident, 
  flair checks out, 
  refs need protection too . 
  actually a romanian senator and father-in-law of the the former pm also shot himself in a hunting accident . 
  dick cheney shot another guy ( i think in the heart ) again in a hunting accident . 
  this is different but still funny , le pen dove in an empty pool and hurt herself . 
   but we elected him and continue to do so . 
  tyranny of the majority . 
  how low can you go ? 
  this guy got the right answer . 
  that 's not a real commercial . 
  it 's made by students . 
   that 's a faux pas literally . 
  and many french are also against christian symbols ( xmas nativity scenes ) . 
  but also some politicians do love to talk about those things . 
   that is n't rudeness , it 's honesty . 
  do these remarks come after asking a question of the type `` hey do you like my shoes '' or before ? 
  because there 's welcome honesty ( that can help the person improve a skill or whatever ) and unwelcome ones . 
  your comments would enter into the domain of :  des go\u00fbts et des couleurs , on ne discute pas . 
  translation : one does not discuss about tastes and colours . 
  you never see an ad for a ferrari . 
  this question did my head in . 
  what country that is n't in the eu is n't in the eu ? 
  is that what 's being asked here ? 
  who knows what 'll happen in 30 years . 
  30 years ago 1/3rd of europe was living in communist dictatorships . 
  someone from cern , someone from esa , someone from eli :p, 
  god no more politicians . 
  i 'm tired of hearing how awesome they are and how much the opposition sucks . 
  mais ca reste marginal . 
  ah so this is n't about the shape of charger plug ( micro usb or whatever ) ? 
  yeah doubt apple will ever comply . 
  lynching involves that someone was killed or was sought out to be killed . 
  we have no evidence for it being that case . 
  i find both attacks despicable but i also do n't want to add fuel to the fire . 
   this is what muslims fail in . 
  i had 0 muslims force their beliefs on me . 
  i severely doubt more that 10 % would give any sort of shit about nazis or neo-nazis , whatever their age group . 
  and i 'm being generous . 
   it 's thinking like this that led to precisely 90 % or so of germany supporting nazism in the first place where do you get your numbers ? 
  at most even with the most bs election where the muscled out everybody else and rigged it all , the nazis got 40 % . 
  those europeans have really poor phone connections . 
   kids are n't stupid , they 're going to realise that the text is being presented to them in a certain fashion so as to formulate within them a certain opinion , yeah kids might rebel against the opinion that one should n't kill all jews , slavs and gays . 
  are you people crazy ? 
  it 's not terribly difficult to make hitler and nazism unappealing to 90 % of the people . 
  ah i miss the days when i was young and na\u00efve . 
  you need berlusconi to `` make it rain '' again . 
  they 're doing poorly because they have poor leadership and a large mass of idiotic people willing to vote for anything that promises to make ~ ~ usa ~ ~ russia strong again ( sorry i mixed up my hot air balloons ) . 
   in the us and canada , there are no problems with integration .
