  how could i even be an american ? 
  they think the french flag is white ... that being said , thank you for the compliments . 
  i think we 're both the type of people that have the common courtesy to give a reach around . 
  i am just admiring your people 's steadfastness and resolution . 
  anyone else would say : `` guys maybe we got it wrong ! '' . 
  but you just continue on the same path . 
  very inspiring . 
   could only be put off for so long . 
  what an exceptionally resilient people you brits are . 
  any other person would just be pissed for being poorer because of the folly of some nuts that wanted to stick it to downing st or because they thought there are too many poles . 
  but you guys just march on . 
  exceptional . 
   would n't making foreign goods more expensive mean that it will make more sense to make them in the uk instead ? 
  gon na buy me a british iphone . 
  or the way things are looking atm , a british note 7 . 
   `` if you do n't give , you and your loved ones wo n't get to heaven '' dude , i 'll love for you to show me exactly where that 's written . 
  or show me any official in the church that said that . 
  i 'm sure there 's some high ranking official that said such a dumb thing , but i bet you 'll enjoy finding them . 
   i would push the religious charlatans who get money from these people to not be allowed to get `` donations '' from people unless they have a minimum amount of earnings per month . 
  should we tell people they need to have a minimum amount of earnings if they wan na buy a dvd or a video game or a book . 
  because obviously if they ca n't put food on the table , they should n't be allowed to spend money in way that would deem beneficial for their well being . 
   standard fraud is punished by the law , but religions have been pulling stuff like this for ages , so it has become normality . 
  again what is the fraud ? 
  it 's their belief system and no actual priest will tell you your cancer will be cured if you pay so and so . 
  or you 'll win so and so money . 
  while it * might * happen , cases are few and far between . 
  people feel they are participating in something bigger than them . 
  it is not a sect , people do n't get shunned by family if they become atheists or whatever . 
  it 's a choice they make . 
  some people go on trips to see big buildings , a green statue or a huge antenna others go to see a corpse . 
  some people shed tears to a flag others to a cross . 
   just like with gambling and so on . 
  i doubt you 'll find any scientific study that found people addicted to donating ( to the church or any other people or institutions ) . 
  in the case of gambling the risk produces addiction . 
  there is an immediate reward to the penalty of giving away money . 
  when you donate , you have a feeling of worth and well being but not a feeling of addiction through strong reward . 
  unless you 're schindler or something and you 're directly saving human lives through your donations . 
  ninja edit : i see no difference between a concert goes and a pilgrim . 
  they all enjoy doing it because they 're part of a community , they all get they dehumanising , hive-mind experience through repetitive mouvement , singing , mass behaviours and mannerism ( jumping around in unison , singing when a random schmuck tells you to sing what and when , similar clothing styles ) , they all give money to people vastly more rich than them . 
  should we ban poor people from going to concerts ? 
  yeah you do . 
  you 've got hot wine and bbqs because it 's also the city holidays . 
  and you can go shopping for some artisanal clothing around the city because manufacturers come around . 
  dey terk his jerb, 
   it could be seen that assad is nominally the only thing holding the clusterfuck together . 
  is he really ? 
  can you look at the situation and think : wow lucky there 's assad there . 
  who knows what could have happened without . 
   you went there with the intention of deposing gaddafi , for your own political interests , and the moment the goal was accomplished you bail out , not caring for the mess you left behind . 
  i should have know better . 
  i know :'(, 
  so are you saying that lybia is worse off than syria ? 
   also note that for fiat chrysler there might be more to come . 
  yeah . 
  too soon to say what 'll happen . 
  huh . 
  til . 
  but it 's fair to mention that the case is n't over and up to now only involves 3 car models ( 500x , jeep renegade and another ) . 
  vw had installed this cheat in a ton of vws , audis and other cars . 
  the scale seems different . 
   also it is not like vw was the only car supplier cheating do you have examples of other eu manufacturers that installed software to cheat on emission tests ? 
   and i also remember how the french authorities were among the first to demand the forced elimination of assad yeah generally it 's not a good idea to support someone that used chemical weapons . 
  i also like that / u/mimo _ shel respected the rule of always mentioning the flair of the commenter even though it has no relevance to the topic !, 
   i 'm from germany , and i 've literally seen one project funded by eu money you must not be in academia . 
  i doubt that brexit has n't increased support for the eu . 
   eu funds are , , helping , , to not fight corruption , on contrary it supports corruption in basically all new member states and southern crisis hit states . 
  heard that speach from a serbian . 
  such a weird thing . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  a bad idea . 
  wtf is this ? 
  the middle ages where you tar and feather people ? 
  will they shame gs and jpm for hiring too many foreigners ? 
  or airbus ? 
  dumb laws . 
  probably . 
  still a bad idea to make that list public as it seems that it was one of the plans . 
   our country is n't a joke . 
  it 's not the best of times . 
  recently one of your mep knock the living lights out of another mep ( who in the spirit of showing hens a true brit started complaining about eating too many croissants in the hospital , but thatns not important now ) . 
   baguette i do . 
  with some confiture or something . 
   if you disagree with all their points except one , there 's no point in voting for them . 
  usually it 's never just one . 
  on the continent we simply are too integrated in the eu so trying to vote such policies in power automatically means economic suicide . 
  who on gods green earth would put their business data on drop box ? 
  ps : read too quickly your first message . 
  thought you said why do n't people learn to say it in english . 
  muh bad . 
  of course i do !, 
  it 's a plank . 
  trunk . 
  heck a whole friggin redwood : o, 
  do n't do n't let me start on the accent you english speakers have in a foreign language . 
  i have yet to met one that speaks perfectly clear . 
  i do not know how it 's possible . 
  are you people allergic to learning new languages or something ? 
   looser loser . 
  goddamit you have a british flair . 
  that 's what i also think of him but if you ask british to think of famous chefs , i 'm sure his name would crop up .
