  it 's just not the same thing . 
  also when dealing with administration etc. 
  and they 're not cali in terms of quality of life . 
  winter and autumn still suck and are cold . 
  so i assume this phrase sounds the same in both hungarian and finnish : blood is thicker than water , especially for americans cuz theirs ' is filled with butter . 
  same here , banter . 
  i am also fond of italy and always happy to visit . 
   those damn frenchies . 
  that 's what you get for creating your country . 
  * sigh *, 
  no financial risk in europe and there are simply too many languages and cultural barriers . 
  for 330 million people , you share one language ( which also happens to be a global one ) . 
  people wan na live in the country they work and sv is a nice place to live . 
  ireland and uk do n't have the climate . 
  and every other eu country does n't have english . 
   , london because shit is n't already too expensive there . 
  also since they 'll leave the eu , not gon na happen . 
   we 're discussing retroactively charging tax that was not paid because it was not owed . 
  call it state aid whatever the result was that the just level of taxes were not paid . 
  ( i guess some people on reddit must be on the spectrum so they need everything written literally ) you can play the semantics game as much as you want , the result is that eu citizens got screwed . 
  we do n't like getting screwed , 
  per capita they pollute more than europe . 
  so that 's baaaad . 
  unlike the us , the eu has a system where each country can leave if they so desire . 
  i think it even happened recently , but i 'm not sure . 
  maybe someone else can fill in the details . 
  ireland has smart enough economists that they can do a cost analysis of being in the eu . 
   why spain airbus has quite a few factories in spain . 
  other eu companies invest in every other eu country . 
   why should a smaller state support the eu when the eu has done nothing but cause misery in the periphery ? 
  yeah we can see how miserable romania or poland are . 
  you sure seem like an unbaised and well informed critic . 
  they should work harder , those small companies . 
  stop leaching off bigger ones . 
  then i 'll learn from franklin ;, 
  screw with older women cuz they ca n't get pregnant and try harder ? 
   katarina \u010cas make boobie movie hollywood . 
  clearly this needs more research from my part . 
  i bet you also want a fair tax system , you friggin russophile shill !, 
  i 'd much much rather live in a world where no wiki leaks is needed . 
  sadly we live in one where a flawed wiki is much much better than no wiki . 
  check where he 's mod before replying to him  i stopped feeding the troll . 
  so should you , 
  do you not see that attacking sarkozy favours russia ? 
   we were forced to borrow . 
  then make your own party that goes for irish exit and no more bailing out . 
  tell us how you 'll end up doing in the polls  i kinda realise you do n't know how democracy works . 
   bail our banks out of private debt  hey that 's a good idea . 
  paying debt is always a good thing   hich we did n't want to bail out you can always default . 
  argentina did and it 's doing awesome . 
   but we did to pay back german banks , for loans they gave out ... got ta spend money to make money , amirite ? 
  no one forced you to borrow , just like no one 's forcing you to stay in the eu , 
  calm down son . 
  thanks to the eu you just got 13 billion euros . 
   it 's a big reason we have multinationals . 
  think of it this way . 
  if multinationals never pay their taxes , malcontente will rise in europe , extremism and well the eu project becomes heavily at risk . 
  so you either play the game fairly or europe will shut down quicker . 
  because if ireland is n't in the eu , doubt a ton of companies will remain there . 
  you guys ca n't really compete with the bahamas . 
  we had exactly the same bus tested in sophia antipolis ( maker is french ) back in march . 
  nope , we 're just calling cook a cock and he can go stuff it , 
   that is the most current example of a ban , how is it confusing things ? 
  because one is a legal matter where even the echr decided it is correct the other was struck down by local courts . 
  there is no burqa ban , there is a ban on covering your face . 
  why would i do that ? 
  i 'm not tim : /, 
  just calling us chauvinists . 
  yeah much better . 
   `` and i think that ( anti-u.s. sentiment ) is one reason why we could have been targeted . '', 
  i would rather not dilute my values and the values of my country because 10k people are in calais , thank you very much . 
  and australia a full continent inhabited only by 35 million people , per capita and overall one of the most polluting countries in the world will have to learn they live on a globe where human migration has existed for tens of hundreds of years . 
   burka/burkin okay i 'll stop here cuz you confuse way too many things . 
  cheers . 
  yeah . 
  that 's happening, 
   this is the reason stated by the french cities that have banned it . 
  wtf are you talkign about ? 
  and that 's why i 'm happy you 're leaving the eu . 
  ( besides a ton of other reasons ) . 
  europe detaining illegal immigrants indefinitely . 
  that 's a thing we 're doing right ? 
   including perjury say what ? 
  where did vw lie to prosecutors ? 
  they did n't even go to trial . 
   fraud got it , fraud is worse than killing people . 
   a majority want out of the eu what conditions for the out were written on the ballot cuz i 'm not a brit  out of the eea , out of any free trade deal with europe , i 'm curious what was written there . 
  thank you . 
   you do n't harm anyone but yourself by wearing a silly outfit and so it should be your problem . 
  so we should allow the sale of organs for example . 
  because it only harms yourself so it 's your problem . 
  also volunteered slavery . 
  or like the case in germany we should allow murder if the victim agrees to be murdered . 
  because clearly if it only affects you , it is your problem . 
  while you may hold dearly to this type of twisted extremist libertarianism , the vast majority of people do n't agree . 
  that 's the thing that is most distressing about the bursa and the debate . 
  the sole reason i agree with its ban . 
  so much about what makes us human is related to the face . 
  the reason why we have white sclera is because it makes it easier to see which direction a person is looking . 
  we have it engrained in us to instinctively look for other faces .
