  because explaning that a `` 15 yo is not exactly a grown up that realises how the world works '' = apologize for radical islamists . 
  dude are you for real ? 
  is there a filter between your brain and the words you type on the keyboard ? 
  meanwhile i am still waiting for proof that the 15 yo girl is involved in terrorism . 
  thank you . 
   i down vote you because you are petty . 
   please point out where i said anything remotely close to that . 
  you were asked to present how that 15 yo was involved in terrorism and you present some different teenagers and claim you proved me wrong . 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  unless you think that all muslim teenagers are identical and if you find 2 involved in terrorism , then they are all involved in terrorism , your `` proof '' is simply stupid . 
  i 'm aleast not bitter and do n't downvote the people i reply to . 
  but then again i 'm no racist so i do think our brains are wired diferently . 
   you are proved wrong , yeah . 
  you sure proved me wrong on how that 15 yo was involved in terrorism . 
   go back to fox . 
  the world is simpler there . 
   i guess these 2 teen age girls did n't get the memo oh wow . 
  did they get released and move to sweden so fast ? 
  that 's amazing . 
  wow why not mention the muslim woman that turned the mastermind in : https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/one-woman-helped-the-mastermind-of-the-paris-attacks-the-other-turned-him-in/2016/04/10/66bce472-fc47-11e5-9140-e61d062438bb_story.html does that not fit your image that all muslim women cause terrorism ? 
  what 's the hate man ? 
  were you turned down by a muslim woman and since you 've got a chip on your shoulder ? 
  you just seem bitter for no absolute reason . 
  just bitter sad confused . 
  are you ok ? 
  dont let the hate fill you . 
  marine is pro israel , the party is still filled with anti-semitic idiots . 
  my only regret is that is it too late for pop corn . 
   exposing apologist like your self is not bigoted , yes . 
   sure keep telling yourself that while watching fox . 
   if you think that there will not be any future islamic terrorist attacks you must have your head in buried in the sand . 
  terrorist attacks never stop . 
  but it 's pretty darn stupid to say that that 15yo has any part in them . 
  then again people like you tend to be extremely confused about life and reality . 
   your country will suffer another terrorist attack soon and you will still be here apologizing for islamism . 
  here ya go buddy . 
  you confuse a messed up teenager ( wow messed up teenager that 's so unusual ) with islam with islamism and terrorist attacks . 
  you just can not wait for a new terrorist attack in france so you can bitch about islam and get to say `` told you so '' . 
  it 's pathetic and weird how you can not see how pathetic it is . 
  like i said , i do n't take it lightly when lowlifes rejoice and can not wait for france to suffer a terrorist attack . 
  they disgust me , they 're a shame to humanity and the values that europe represent . 
  so yeah , i 'm not going to let you spew hateful bs . 
  i will constantly call you on bigoted speech . 
  well if it helps , i do n't give a crap about racists and bigots , 
   oh yeah , definitely will . 
  good man . 
  i can feel that you are persecuted : s, 
  because you care so much for the french do n't you ? 
  you really care about us and do n't want any more terrorist attacks , is n't that right ? 
  yup man , they broke your rights . 
  i suggest you get in the [ echr ] ( http://www.echr.coe.int/pages/home.aspx?p=home ) . 
  you can contact them [ here ] ( http://appform.echr.coe.int/echrrequest/request.aspx?lang=gb )  you got ta fight for your right . 
  now do n't get salty . 
  go sit in front of the fox news and wait for terrorist attacks in france . 
  that would please your mind . 
  awww . 
  looks like your post was removed . 
  neah . 
  i just smack pathetic people like you that rejoice in seeing france being hit by terrorist attacks . 
  and i call / u/szkwarek analsys : romanians commit per capita more crimes than muslims . 
  should remove romanians from france ? 
   hey may have that in their birth certificate have you ever seen a romanian birth certificate ? 
  unlike some balkan countries , they do not contain any information about ethnicity . 
  there is no official document ( to the best of my knowledge ) that states who is gypsy and who is romania ethnic or who is hungarian ethnic . 
  so yeah do n't talk about stuff you do n't know . 
  french roma ? 
  it 's not bigger . 
  at all . 
  our extremists do n't take particular pride in the fact that the roma were subjected to the holocaust unlike romanian extremists ( and even from those less extreme ) who do often claim that more should have been sent to the bug by antonescu . 
  let 's no even talk about the gypsy literacy rates in romania . 
  the fact that they live at the fringe of society . 
  40 % are unemployed , a rate far larger than the average for romania . 
  65 % live in the country side larger than the country wide rate . 
  https://ro.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/romii_din_rom\u00e2nia so no . 
  discrimination of roma in romania is ** far worse ** than french roma in france . 
  cheers . 
  i know . 
  people shitting on islam and french just going meh . 
  it must eat you up inside . 
  do n't worry you 'll get a hate boner at the next terrorist strike . 
  sand pounders tend to do that , 
   even worse these groups of people are very good in taking the fruits of labor from people that have worked for them . 
  dude the gdp in sweden and french is higher than in finland . 
  a friggin muslim here produces more than blonde , blue eyed fin . 
  get working and stop being lazy . 
   just the prospect for france does n't look very good . 
  yes i 've been told about that since the 90s . 
  what does finland produce besides video games ? 
  i mean like we make planes , ariane is french , we make our own nuclear and conventional subs , fighter planes . 
  what do you make ? 
  tell me , i am curious . 
  why does finland produce besides depression and school shootings and video games ? 
  hoodraulic press vids ? 
  really :d dude go pound sand cuz you 're not relevant . 
  if a swede were to criticise france sure , they have a higher gdp per capita . 
  but a fin . 
  fuck me :d go produce something relevant besides metal rock bands and we 'll talk . 
  till then , chug some vodka and try to remember how the sun felt , 
  did we forget about the kkk and the black lynching ? 
  or are those bad christians that do not represent all christians ?
