  i am very comfortable . 
  but lets not ignore the amount of shitposting other people do too . 
   pity that the people that were enslaved by nazis and communists were n't given that choice . 
  it goes the same for people that are bombed by assad or killed by isis . 
  war refugees are hardly given a choice are they ? 
  did the 200k syrians killed count for nothing . 
  are they not impressive enough for you because way more polish people got killed durign ww2 ? 
  is it a numbers game ? 
  yeah shame people do n't agree with my views on the world . 
  but so be it . 
   still india was under british rule . 
  and do you have any reports that the british pushed the polish refugees on the indians even though the indians dis n't want them ? 
  so for you all those syrian refugees want to just find a job . 
  you can not find 10k that are actually fleeing the war that could fi 'd a safe haven in poland ? 
  okay ... 
   do i complain about `` islamisation '' of poland ? 
  is it me who complains here ? 
  have you never seen a polish politician or protest against the `` islamisation '' of poland ? 
  did i get my news feeds mixed up ? 
   the `` refugees '' themselves do n't want to go to poland well you take them in and afterwards if they cross the border , that wo n't be be your problem anymore . 
   most of those gulag survivors , including women and children , joined army . 
  there are women fighting in the syrian war . 
  like it or not . 
  but again civilians figting a war is a stupid ass idea . 
  people who do not wish to fight should be given the option of leaving . 
  the quota set for poland was 9k . 
  why the push back then if they decided to accept 12k ? 
  that 's way over the quota yet we still get news about them not wanting . 
   the problem is that those few which came , were granted accomodation and even jobs ... escaped to germany at night . 
  that 's another thing i do n't understand . 
  if every refugee is leaving poland , why still complain about that and about the islamisation of poland ? 
  let them leave to germany if they want that . 
  why complain ? 
  did poland offer to accept 10k refugees ? 
  how about syria ? 
  so poland is okay with accepting syrian refugees ? 
   those children had only soviet union , pretty unwelcoming place at this time in history . 
  it was 1k children but 5k other ages that india accepted . 
  so syrians should go to other places than poland and ee ? 
  burden should n't be shared ? 
  very supportive , considering that polish refugees were sent as far as new zealand and mexico . 
  10k each country . 
   also you are talking like people that are coming here are escaping war , this is a well known bullshit . 
  there is no war in syria ? 
  am i living in an alternate reality ? 
  the documentary says this guy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/digvijaysinhji_ranjitsinhji opened the refugee camp . 
  the maharaja of nawaganar . 
  it was the indians that accepted the camps , they were n't forced by the british . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_civilian_camps_in_world_war_ii ya know , they were with open arms . 
   not that many at tall ... 
  they passed british empire and soviet union . 
  they also passed through iran . 
  edit : way to be shitty and dismissive of that the indians did btw . 
  `` it was n't the indians that accepted our poles , it was the british . '', 
  i guess people are quick to forget when they 're helped . 
  why not ask one of those polish refugees what they think about letting in some syrians ? 
  the answer might be very different from what your current govt is doing . 
   also 1000 children . 
  children !, 
  yes . 
  and once they become 14-15 year olds , do we throw them in fronf of the bus shouting they 're rapists ? 
   how on heaven and earth did your consciousness even allowed you to make that compairsion ? 
  because human beings remain human beings ? 
  regardless if they 're syrian or polish . 
  regardless if they 're 8 or 18 . 
  regardless if they 're muslim or christian . 
  there are innocent people living in wretched conditions in lebanon , jordan and syria . 
  we get all sad that aylan died , but them mock sweden and their 16-18 yo statistics `` worse than china '' . 
  / r/europe got a massive schadenfreude boner after cologne . 
  `` we told you so . 
  haha . 
  you should n't have accepted any refugees . '', 
  lets face it , we 're pathetic . 
  and those whole `` but they 're children '' sounds like friggin republicans . 
  they hate abortion . 
  but once the kid is born , fuck him if he 's poor . 
  was n't there a danger with their cultures being so different ? 
  and they passed over so many countries . 
  were n't they economic refugees by now ? 
  india does n't have a culture and tradition of accepting refugees . 
  do they ? 
  edit : to those complaining that they were just children : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_civilian_camps_in_world_war_ii india accepted 10k civilians , 1k being children . 
  22k were in iran , kindgdom of iraq and british palestine . 
  considering that not even 3 monthd ago we had a terrorist attack that killed 130 people . 
  this month a guy was shot because he wanted to attack the police with a meat cleaver and that there are probably about 500 french killing for daesh that might return home any time cuz the borders are swiss cheese , yeah i think it 's necessary . 
  or you know if every european country would play its part and not leave to france , uk and the us all the dirty work , that would be nice too . 
  considering that 70 % of french are okay with a new extension of 3 mo ` ths , fat chance of that happening . 
  political asylum is dead in europe . 
  can we also deport the neo-nazis ? 
  dude check his username . 
  i mean really guys . 
  good law . 
  i was watching the documentary hunting grounds , about campus rape in the us . 
  the showed some studies that false claims of rape are just as likely as false accusations of any crime . 
  i think that 97 % were true or something like that . 
  yes . 
  we 're all pretty scared . 
  a few days ago on national tv we got this recommendation on how to avoid shooters : s https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=a2_w-qcwps0, 
  change your username to / u/ohmygotitsanidiot, 
  the constitutional reform wont mention dual citizenship .
