  single handedly . 
  moot point . 
  i 'll let you guess what country sends the most isis fighters per capita : hint they 're two balkan states and one has double the rate of the worst western european state . 
  http://www.rferl.mobi/a/foreign-fighters-syria-iraq-is-isis-isil-infographic/26584940.html so yeah . 
   but , muslims are n't the problem per se . 
  muslims in the balkans are secular , interesting because bosnia and albania are the highest per capita countries in europe that send isis fighters . 
   brexit could spell the end of the eu overall , it 's huge news . 
  yeah man . 
  sure . 
  i tend to skip every 3-4 articles about the brexit . 
  ww1 they were in the entente . 
  ww2 : do you regret losing that war ? 
  did you miss a history lesson or something ? 
  again ? 
  when was the first time ? 
  dude we ca n't demolish camps in friggin calais ( camps , tents , plastic bag roofs ) without getting shit from human rights associations . 
  plus the amount of money that would cost would be super high . 
   the security services must work together , and better together , with constant , timely and continuous cooperation , '' sarkozy regrouped two intel services and this failed restructurig is believed to be one of the causes of the many failures on our side . 
  so we ca n't get the french to collaborate with the french , are you telling me the french will work smoothly with the italians , belgians , germans etc. 
  yeah ... pipe dream . 
  think he 's saying france was handling a lot of such cases . 
   you literally said that `` terrorists '' would kill every man woman and child in their country if they could ... which is objectively not true . 
  you really love to project your own facts and figures i see . 
  i 'll let you continue your conversation withoutself since you wo n't find me making such a statement . 
   case is on appeal ? 
  sod off , you 're not a citizen . 
  you know that foreign criminals still commit crimes in france and we still give them a normal procedure , right ? 
   and take a step back from the hate , man . 
  stop projecting , man . 
   `` it happend because we meddle in then middle east '' this would n't have happened if belgium had n't sent it 's aircraft carrier to fight isis : http://nordpresse.be/daesh-la-belgique-envoie-son-porte-avion-en-mediterranee/, 
  i think it 's #jesuisbruxelles but i might be mistaken . 
  that 's the picture . 
  i thought we 're at the `` make touching drawings with feel good messages '' ? 
  guys lets keep things orderly . 
  saved . 
  i 've been saying this time and time again . 
   do you think i think they are ok , or acceptable in some way ? 
  no , i just believe this article would refer to you http://www.politico.eu/article/molenbeek-broke-my-heart-radicalization-suburb-brussels-gentrification/?jsp=34556743, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=memusc8ppu0 sorry , could n't help it . 
   people who hold a particular set of views that fall significantly short of those . . well fuck me . 
  it 's just views . 
  it 's not like iran actually kills gays , saudi arabia chops hands and pakistan kills blasphemists . 
  that does n't happen . 
  those people hold disgusting views but they have no repercution on their society or others . 
   most people in molenbeek are decent people who want the best for their families . 
  but we should not close our eyes to the fact that it is also home to a very deep , and very dangerous , undercurrent of radical islamism . 
  the truth . 
  no need to add thousands of words . 
  the conclusion is simply perfect . 
   just a thought : why are the terrorists not attacking russia ? 
  yeah okay i stopped reading here . 
  cheers . 
   yes ? 
  we are talking religious conservatism right ... 
  in the context of islam ... or are you confused about the term and think it applies uniquely to a particular political ideology ? 
  i forgot about that . 
  sorry man i forgot the limbo needed to be performed when talking with rational people like you . 
  european holds those views = fucking crazy person . 
  middle eastern = conservative . 
  okay got it . 
  wow . 
   or do you mean that there are way too many muslims that hold conservative views ? 
  death for apostasy , homosexuality , blasphemy is a conservative view ? 
   https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/05/01/64-percent-of-muslims-in-egypt-and-pakistan-support-the-death-penalty-for-leaving-islam/ 88 % of egyptian muslims and 64 % of pakistani mulims are for death for apostasy . 
  iran executes its gays , pakistan its blaspemists , saudi arabia cuts hands . 
  is that conservative ? 
  no wonder americans are scared of the republican party . 
  conservatists are crazy . 
   also , being called daesh really pisses them off . 
  i honestly hear that eveywhere . 
  is it in any way confirmed ? 
   you are missing my point completely . 
  you are missing mine . 
  our problems are n't just isis . 
  merah was n't isis . 
  islamic issues transcend isis . 
  one being the extreme backward views the islamic world has on blasphemy , homosexuality , apostasy etc. 
   this `` body '' felt occupied , invaded or stripped from its freedom and/or other important values to its identity by a foreign `` body '' how does that apply to islamic terrorism in europe ? 
  the moors ? 
   on the other side , you have queen rania al-abdullah saying `` isis is not islamic at all '' , but she is a woman and many would disagree with her . 
  that sweet no true scotsman fallacy . 
  the reality is that our problems do n't magically start or stop with isis . 
  500 french people joined isis ( heck maybe even more ) . 
  per capita , belgium sends more . 
  now go in the neighbourhood where those people come from : you 'll see disenfranchised people , you 'll see people involved in small or larger crimes , you 'll see rampant anti-semitism and denial ( the western secret services and the sionists caused the attacks ) i had a few friends proclaim their hatred for the jewish and how disgusting the gays are . 
  and this is the west . 
  let 's not talk about other regions . 
  the vast majority of egyptian muslims are for stonning in case of apostasy , in iran they execute homosexuals , in pakistan blasphemists , saudi arabia they chop hands . 
  this is n't just about a few dudes fighting in syria . 
   other causes of death outstrip terrorism anyway , why let some dickwads ruin our societies . 
  well go on a flight to brussels and tell us how fun it is . 
  then you can chastise them for how dare they not have a fun time and be scared ... you live in your little bubble , it 's nice and warm . 
  good for you . 
   my whole point is that we can not fix this problem short term , we can only deal with it best we can . 
  in saint denis right after the terrorist strike in paris we dealt with them correctly . 
  they wanted to start a new attack , it did n't happen . 
  claiming that security measures do n't stop terrorism is plain silly . 
  did you read the first line of the new york times article ? 
   solutions are more closeness in society and local policing , changing cultures so they report when planning/these activities . 
  yeah .
