  i get my news from / r/news, 
   do you know what a full veil is ? 
  it is not a small hidjab or a hair covering veil , that we do have a lot indeed . 
  it is one where we ca n't see the face at all aside from the eyes , be it burka like in afghanistan or the iranian veils . 
  dude ... have you been to nice ? 
  c'mon if you do n't know how things are ... do n't comment . 
   so is this going to apply to wedding veils ? 
  sunglasses ? 
  if the police will require you to show your face , you will have to comply and if you refuse you can be detained . 
  this is how these laws are made . 
  i am constantly confused by how people misunderstand law . 
   how well do dutch people do on the romance scale they have the dutch oven ... 
  and before the eec there was the ecsc . 
  if you look at maastricht you can also consider uk a founder and spain and portugal and ireland and greece . 
  it was more of an evolution and not a founding since the previous structures were not destroyed . 
  the real founding is the ecsc . 
  denmark founding member of the eu ? 
  nope . 
  the founders are : benelux , western germany , italy and ~ ~ uk ~ ~ ( ha they wish ) france . 
  cern is n't an eu project ... since you know ... it 's located in switzerland . 
   since cern is european center , every noneuropean country is missing out . 
  except israel . 
  have you ever been to cern ? 
  there are ** a lot ** of non european countries that contributed to its major experiments and they can and do participate . 
  yeah . 
  you should rock at golf or something similar . 
  did n't watch the video . 
  who 's keep whom out of what ? 
   so you 're saying that france went from 5 million muslims to over 20 million in a couple of years ? 
  depends where and who you are polling . 
  muslims are n't uniformly distributed in europe or france . 
  meanwhile [ the irish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipg4oxnw2b4 ) ... 
  i guess no matter how many countries you 've conquered ... you just ca n't buy class . 
  edit : word, 
   the hostility of many comments in europe oriented subreddits towards britain reddit is egalitarian . 
  equal treatment for everybody . 
  when france uses its might / r/europe complains , when germany swings it 's dick / r/europe complains , when greece drags things along / r/europe complains . 
  and when uk acts like a special snowflake , that wants it 's eu cake and to eat it too ... / r/europe complains . 
  get used to it , you 're not special . 
   france did n't want the uk in the eu to begin with after all . 
  and ... uhm ... was de gaulle wrong in his analysis ? 
  garbage in , garbage out . 
  when fans are nice ... it 's all nice . 
  when fans are shit , it 's shit . 
  less is more after all , 
   we have some land in france . 
  they probably could n't agree on what requirements to have for naturalisation and just shut everything down . 
  the belgian way, 
  either way , with the complexity of the issue and how they play with the data ... it still could be kinda bunk . 
  like with scientific studies , in order to probe correctly ... you need meta studies ( in this case meta polls ) . 
  one poll does n't mean much ... sorry . 
  exception to the rule . 
  there you have it . 
  and nazism was very much on that spectrum . 
  had franco been more aggressive , he would have shared hitler 's fate . 
   the state banning prayer directly impedes on that though in my oppinion . 
  again there is no banning . 
  you simply do not finance it . 
  it 's not that hard to understand . 
   i personally think a middle way where the speration of church and state is the desired state if the state finances religious activities , then there is no separation between religion and state . 
  i think that 's logical ... is n't it ? 
   most people that chose a vegetarian diet do not do it for sound reasoning most people do it because animals are sentient beings and they do not wish to obtain nurishment by killing another sentient being . 
  that for me is enough justification and why it is completely separated from religion that will choose to eat meat on certain days but no others , certain types of meat but not others . 
  one is a random illogical behaviour , the other is logical and has arguments backing it . 
  i 'll talk about a specific case that i particularly know well to show you that ... well your comments are basically bunk . 
   fascism does n't have in-built racism . 
  neither does nazism . 
  you could be a muslim nazi for example as it did happen . 
   but fascists were n't claiming that slavs and jews are biologically inferior again have you met the romania guard where antisemitism was in built from the beginning ? 
  until ' 38 , you could be a fascist jew without any problems well you could not be a romanian iron guard jew . 
  because the iron guard was inspired from these anti-semites : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_hundreds being orthodox was also one of the main points . 
   fascists did n't prescribe what does a national culture and art look like huh ? 
  really ? 
  like the iron guard 's assassination of one of the most important intelectuals : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nicolae_iorga#iorga.27s_murder traditionalists that talked about the virtues of the people were lauded . 
   as long as it did n't subvert the state uhm ... so that 's why picasso had to flee spain which you say is n't that bad . 
  it 's non-sensical to talk about art and remove any political aspect . 
  from davinci and michelangelo to current day chaplin ... art is about sending messages and also political messages . 
  fascism and nazism wanted that removed . 
  hence why nowadays people in cultural sphere disapprove of fascism . 
   germany is more or less a secular state do i have to declare my religion or non religion to the state ? 
  yes ? 
  then it 's not a secular state . 
   that seems like an idological absolutism to me one that is in a dissonance with reality and in reality religion exists and our states grant freedom of religion . 
  the state not funding religion programs does not mean the state impedes on freedom of religion . 
  it simply means that the state is secular and does not intervene in any religion . 
  does not support any religion . 
  does not give 1 euro cent to any religion based activity . 
  there are many things that are reality and part of day to day life , yet the state has no business being involved . 
   and you have religion because you believe in god or allah well do you have proof of god or allah , because i have proof that producing meat is much more energy consuming than producing vegetables , even per calorie . 
  http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/78/3/660s.full  it is like accomodating people that do n't like any meat in their food , that has also no logical scientific basis ... read my previous argument . 
  if you honestly believe that there are no scientific arguments for a vegetarian diet ... you should reanalyse the topic . 
   maoism , all those were repudiated quickly after their leaders went off the scene have you ever met a chinese from china ? 
   nazism mostly stayed confined to germany holy guacamole dude ... from the romanian iron guard to the croat ustase ... fascism was big in europe . 
  i could list particular crimes and progromes but that would hardly do anyone any service . 
   the original thugs til, 
  my bad . 
   what your attack on my nationality is supposed to mean that you 're not a secular state . 
  it 's kinda obvious you know . 
   but i have friends that are and what does it hurt me if they leave for 5 minutes during break and do their prayer ? 
  it creates a logical disonance .
