  that 's between 0.5 and 1.5 of [ your whole defense budget ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armed_forces_of_the_netherlands ), 
   russia did its whole `` protecting minorities '' thing only a few years prior . 
  when ? 
  russia backed off supporting yanukovych during the orange revolution . 
  in april 2008 [ bush said this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2008/apr/01/nato.georgia ) :  i strongly believe that ukraine and georgia should be given map [ membership action plans ] , and there are no tradeoffs - period . 
  august 2008 , by magic a war started in georgia meaning basically that georgia wo n't join nato for the foreseeable future . 
  us gave georgia and ukraine promisses that it could not back . 
   anyone who was not looking at russia with rose colored glasses knew a conflict in ukraine ( or a different neighboring country ) was a real possibility . 
  and the us in its infinite generousity decided to accelerate that possibility . 
  why was n't there a war during the orange revolution ? 
  that would be an h bomb then . 
  no way poland or romania could reach that type of technology ... 
   because of an annoying little treaty signed in 1968 well there 's an annoying little thing called nato 's article 5 ... 
  if the us breaks it , every country should fend for themselves . 
   a better relationship should be created with russia oh for fucks sake . 
  it was the us that wanted to put ukraine and georgia in nato , it was the us that wanted to arm ukrainians during the war . 
   secondly , the usa is effectively subsidizing all of these countries social programmes by providing them with defense . 
  yeah cuz that 's how it works . 
  you do n't subsidize shit for france since we managed just fine until 2008 when a short idiot decided otherwise . 
   it 's just hypocrisy . 
  it 's geopolitics ... stop complaining . 
  if the situation changes then europe should also change its stance on many things . 
  it 's infantile to assume that europe will always follow the same path regardless of what the us does . 
   the us can still refuse to release them in wartime . 
  yes , if a war breaks out i 'm sure a military base will holdout all the german army . 
  devalue , devalue , devalue . 
  they are trained to use nukes which will be used in case of a nuclear war . 
  basically germany is not a nuke free country , it is a nuclear strike capability country that uses the no first strike policy . 
  it 's all a sham ... 
   we could use cruise missile how much mts would a nuke on a cruise missile be ? 
  0.005 at most ? 
   never ever many little countries with a nukes little countries can not afford nukes and related delivery systems . 
   they are our nukes , housed overseas . 
  big difference . 
  if a country attacks germany , those nukes will be used . 
  so why depend on a foreign country and not make your own nuclear program . 
  it would definitely raise germany 's expenditure on its defense , they get independence , the us will be happy . 
  win win . 
   the weapons remain under us control . 
  and the foreign soldiers get to train with them and get drilled using them ... 
  have you heard of israel ? 
  they 're a country on the asian continent , more precisely in the middle east . 
  what ? 
  the npt is already broken by the nuclear sharing . 
  if the us decides to break article 5 of nato then it 's every country for itself . 
   european principles what 's that ? 
   would just need to have medium range , subsonic missiles those would hardly do any damage . 
  even a hydrogen bomb would n't be that significant . 
  and poland and romania really ca n't produce an h bomb that small . 
  the law is the law only if you can enforce it . 
  no one would impose sanctions on germany or italy if they so desired to start a nuclear program . 
   but would n't any news of romania or poland building nuclear weapons i do n't think poland or romania have the capabilities to built an effective nuclear deterrent . 
  it 's not just about the nukes but also about the delivery . 
  launching missiles from silos is not a feasible approach for them : they simply can not build sufficient silos , sufficiently far appart . 
  and icbms are incredibly costly to build . 
  planes , maybe but they can easily be shot down . 
  submarines , that 's the major one ... and neither have the capabilities to built such systems . 
  that treaty is a sham . 
  1 ) germany , italy , belgium , netheralands , turkey already get shared nukes from the us . 
  this is basically neo-vasal countries . 
  your security on this vital matter depends on others . 
  and what will happen if the us decides to retract ? 
  2 ) there are already cases like saudi arabia with has bought nuclear protection from pakistan . 
  that 's why european countries that are capable to build nukes ... should . 
  the future is far too uncertain to let your country and your people depend on others . 
  i have far more diversity and opportunities in europe . 
  canada even with its french speaking quebec does not attract me much more than i dunno sweden . 
  western europe is not losing any brains to canada . 
  i know of maybe 0 % engineers that decided to go to canada . 
  what 's your point ? 
  yes people move to canada . 
  just like people from canada move abroad . 
  your comment is how countries like canada or australia can attract the best . 
  no they do n't attract the best germans , french , spanish . 
  they have large italian or british populations but that 's about it . 
  western europe is n't the czech republic . 
  might wake up with your dick chopped off . 
  stereotype galore right here . 
  if i wan na work in a company that makes big ass comercial airplanes ? 
  what if i wan na make big jet engines ? 
  how about fighter planes ? 
  nuclear submarines ? 
  etc etc. 
  the us because they 're big and have no language barrier , but canada ... neah . 
  quebec is n't that fancy for us . 
   europeans regardless region , migrate to usa , canada and australia . 
  usa maybe . 
  canada and australia no . 
   the main edge isis has on the west you know that islamism did n't start and wont end with isis right ? 
  and we can not just concern ourselves with islamism in the west ... 
  holy shit . 
  so they basically discourage you to study more . 
  wtf ? 
  here there is no correlation.if you wan na get 2-3-n degrees , you are free to do so . 
  each costing the amount of money you 'd pay for getting one . 
  what 's the logic behind that ? 
  what do you wan na tell ees ? 
  they 're usually the most anti-communist bunch . 
  but in an islamic country ... a great deal will still consider islam and/or sharia to be a good thing . 
   ca n't a christian be against theology and support secular state , while still going to church , praying and believing in god ?
