  farange would be pm for 5 years . 
  brexit is for life . 
  you 're the one saying the core eu countries would suffer the most from an exit . 
  take the countries that want to impose a minimum corporate tax . 
  if these countries leave , i am preeeeetty sure it wo n't be them that 'll suffer . 
  they brexited and the voted trump . 
  darn how can people be so clueless ? 
   hopefully we 'll never seen his rotten face again neah . 
  it 's so easy to have nige or donnie . 
  everytime an anglo or american gets uppity , you can easily go : `` you follow * this * guy ! '', 
   but that would hurt these countries the most ... yeah . 
  it 's not like schengen or the eurozone or the eu budget do n't depend almost entirely on the core eu countries ... 
   the problem is that this `` reform '' would mean creating a new treaty then a multi-speed eu will see the light of day and that 's it . 
   i do not think that will happen both macron and merkel have expressed desire for a multi-speed eu . 
  they were not offered anything in return that 's why . 
  kinda like a revers cameron negociation . 
  you can not ask just one party to make all the effort . 
   i keep hearing talk of `` reform '' you should listen more closely . 
  a eu wide minimum corporate tax rate and eu wide minimum wages ( these would depend on the state of the economy of said country ) . 
  a common fiscal policy that would remove this competition between states and force a collaboration that can achieve actual convergence of wages and standards of living . 
   but when one asked for details one is met with either silence or `` reform '' which would either mean taking apart eu or making it a superstate and taking power away from people/countries in the process . 
  what you mean to say is , `` but when i heard what those reforms are , i decided to nope '' . 
   current `` issues '' are minor compared oh nice , the `` children are starving in africa '' argument . 
  top notch . 
   eu might have alot of problems , but i experiences first hand the alternative having to queue for bread as a child and witnessing the corruption that followed ( which only got worse ) the narrative `` sure the eu is fawlty but the alternative is worse '' is starting to lose ground faster and faster . 
  if the eu is fawlty it has to be fixed and reforms have to be implemented . 
  if reforms are not implemented , then a multi-speed eu will have to be the alternative . 
   there is europol and cooperation at local level at least between bordering countries . 
  yeah we 've seen how useful they are . 
   because almost none of governments want it . 
  tell luxembourg that they can not be tax haven anymore . 
  tell ce countries that they can not compete with low wages and lower taxes than ` old eu ' . 
  well that 's quite a problem . 
  the eu can not remain as it is now . 
   the same as above . 
  most likely we 'll have a multi-speed europe . 
   just 40 more years of tyranny and dictatorship no different then the fascists before . 
  * 1 / no , by the end of dej 's life and starting from ceausescu , romania was essentially independent from the ussr . 
  that 's why ceausescu in 1968 could condemn the prague invasion and say that anyone that crosses romanian soil will be attacked . 
  * 2 / no it was n't as worse as the fascists before . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p69thx4vo8c the communists never had a final plan . 
   because it 's the over-optimism in designing eu that caused the problems . 
  i do n't think it was over-optimism ( or just over-optimism ) . 
  there was a certain aspect of doing the easy work but not the hard . 
  it was easy to remove borders or create a single currency . 
  but what about unifying police and intelligence services so we do n't have terrorist attacks on one country that were planned in another ? 
  why did n't we achieve a unified fiscal policy . 
  what 's happening with a convergence of wages and standard of living ? 
  nowadays it seems like everybody 's trying to compete on the single market instead of collaborate . 
   if there 's still an eu by then , you 'll be back in a generation . 
  not really . 
   the `` theory '' behind is as irrelevant well you 're shitting on someone that produced a theory simply because the application is not possible . 
  such a thing is ridiculous . 
  it 's like shitting on christian philosophers because the 30 year war happened . 
  it 's anti-intellectualist and ridiculous . 
  when he wrote his books kids 9-16 could work 16h per day , some in very dangerous conditions ( they were small so they could fit in many hard to reach and dangerous places ) . 
  you could go to prison if you had any debt . 
  let 's not think that what was before the current democratic system was not a heinous regime . 
   french - east timorans vote ? 
  france has the highest population of jewish in europe . 
  we 're told constantly how many are leaving france for israel . 
  how they ca n't wait to vote fn to protect them . 
  how fn is so friendly with the jewish lately . 
  well the reality is that french in israel vote against le pen . 
  maybe because she said she 'll remove all religious symbols in any public context , she 'll remove dual citizenship , she named a negationist at the head of her party and removed him when realised they had a video of him making those comments . 
  yeah i think it 's merkel 's marionnette -  juncker 's joker . 
  the other option is trump 's toy boy -  putin 's plush puppet . 
   i did n't forget , i 'm just scared that the people on this sub did omg you 're scared ? 
  need a hug ? 
  are you one of those people that think what happens on reddit has an influence on the world . 
  when will this comment die ? 
   what about blood pudding which is a profoundly uk thing ? 
  do you mean black pudding ? 
  we have that in france too . 
  it 's called boudin noir . 
  delish . 
  it 's probably so people in the back do n't push and start surrounding mitterrand . 
  he wanted to walk alone . 
  the reference here is mitterrand during his first days at being president when he walked alone in the pantheon to give his respects to jean moulin and jean jaur\u00e8s while the paris orchestra is playing the ode of joy . 
  [ vid\u00e9o ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uocgxowatqg&amp;t=3m45s ), 
   i thought she had a shot after the last attack so close to the election . 
  eh it would have happened in 2015 when we had regional elections 3 weeks after bataclan and they did n't win any region despite getting in some regions 45 %, 
   i hope no one destroy it ( like many of his paintings ) huh ? 
  they 'll probably peel it off and try to sell it or something like that . 
   aand you won us 5-1 in hockey . 
  we win . 
  we have so much win . 
  so much winning we 're getting tired of winning . 
  no brakes . 
  high energy . 
  did you people forget that it 's the national assembly that basically makes the government ? 
  macro is walking towards his podium to give his speech right now while this lovely symphony is playing . 
   you stop immigration with policies similar to australia uhm , that person got 35 % of the votes today . 
  i 'm sorry for you . 
   abstention 33 % dude we have ** really ** good mathematicians in france . 
  you could at least do basic maths . 
  turnout was [ 74.7 % ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/election-presidentielle-2017/article/2017/05/07/presidentielle-2017-abstention-record-pour-un-second-tour-depuis-l-election-de-1969_5123757_4854003.html ) . 
   if you are really that suspicious , look through my post or submission history . 
  i am on the left . 
  the left is never populist .
