  we 're agreing on something . 
  until there is a unified army , a unified police force and a unified reaction to terrorist attacks , we can not have open borders . 
  we 're puttin the cart before the horse . 
  we 're doing the same with the euro . 
  okay so we can agree . 
  until there 's a unified army , a unified police force and a unified reaction to crisis , there can not be an open border . 
  what we 're doing now is putting the cart before the horse . 
   who are the people saying it 's a no-go zone ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that the people saying this never heard about molenbeek prior to the past weekend . 
  lived in brussels for 5 months . 
  schaerbeek was spooky at night ( again your police picked me up at gare de bn to drop me off at my hotel because it was dangerous ) . 
  so how vibrant is the jewish community in molenbeek ? 
  open borders means there has be a unified police force and a unified army , a unified constitution to declare a continent wide state of emergency . 
  in france , the army rolled , state of emergency , baggage checks , etc etc etc. 
  everything declared by the president . 
  our neighbors ? 
  so if i 'm a baddy i know i got ta leave france and i 'm safer . 
  and the french president can not force the belgians to close the borders . 
  that 's madness . 
  the french border police had to control both outgoing and incomming traffic . 
  that 's madness . 
  make a unified army and a unified police force ( i.e. 
  french making arrests in poland for example and finnish making arrests in portugal ) and i 'll be happy having open borders . 
  lets stop screwing around . 
  state of emergency is declared by the president . 
  if we accept that in case of a terrorist strike the french president ( or any other president ) can declare a state of emergency across europe , have police cross borders and have french police do arrests in molenbeek or whatever combination , and have any president have control over any military across europe , then i 'll be okay with open borders . 
  lets take the case of the us : a terrorist strike or terrorist threat is a federal threat . 
  can we have french intelligence spy on other its interests in poland ? 
  if so , i 'm okay for open borders . 
  open borders without unified police and unified army is like one currency but no common fiscal policies and no common debt . 
  so in a world without borders , the baddies can commit an attack in france , and just cross the border . 
  they 'll be in a country that is not in a state of emergency , they 'll have much more time . 
  am i correct ? 
  so in a world without borders , baddies can commit crimes and just cross the border . 
   it remains legally impossible ( within eu law ) for france to scrap schengen . 
  well france can not scrap schengen . 
  france can leave schengen . 
  did belgium call for a state of emergency ? 
  do car checks without a warrant , etc ? 
  and if they did not , why is that the case ? 
  fb is really a cesspool . 
  then did spain call a state of emergency during the attacks in paris ? 
  check cars without warrants , etc ? 
  so wear a kippa brother . 
  learn french . 
  you might learn some things . 
   increased cooperation ( or even fusion ) of european intelligence agencies i like my intelligence agencies like i like my women . 
  independent . 
  ( and treacherous , and snooping through my emails , but that 's another matter ) . 
  yet border control told us that one of the terrorist suspects left france for belgium . 
  no border -  no information . 
  hollande wants to reform schengen . 
  sarkozy wants to scrap it and try something else . 
  le pen wants to leave the eu . 
  so that 's the spectrum . 
  why are you so bothered by what the french are doing ? 
  it 's not like spain has to leave schengen . 
   well its certainly not a jihadist enclave with daily car bombings is it ? 
  people are saying it 's a no-go zone . 
  for jewish , it might very well be a no-go zone . 
  put on a kippa and start walking though molenbeek . 
  * that 's a municipal police man * , not random bozos on the web . 
  you are saying molenbeek is a nice peaceful area with 1 % fuck ups . 
  you dont speak french , so if you go in molenbeek , you could n't friggin communicate with people . 
  and i should trust you as an expert on the situation in molenbeek . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  the fact that the belgian thought :  meh why bother , nothing we could do about it !, 
  tells me that borders need to be controlled since the only police that might give a flying fuck about the french are the french police . 
  because secret services spy on each other . 
  okay so you do n't speak french . 
  in molenbeek they 're mostly french speakers . 
  yet you comment on the situation in molenbeek . 
  k man . 
  you clearly are an expert on the situation in brussels . 
  i was at 9 pm at night with my mom when i was a young lad at gare de bruxelles-nord . the police came by , asked us what were we doing in such a dangerous place . 
  they gave us a ride home . 
  do you often talk about stuff you have no clue about ? 
  http://mobile.lesoir.be/893042/article/actualite/regions/bruxelles/2015-05-30/sur-facebook-un-gardien-paix-molenbeek-appelle-tuer-juifs-un-par-un here 's an article from le soir . 
  ** tuer les juifs un par un ** does n't need a translation . 
  and anti-semitism ? 
  you know my comment had 2 parts . 
  what percentage of the molenbeek population is anti-semite : http://philosemitismeblog.blogspot.fr/2012/06/les-commercants-juifs-de-molenbeek.html?m=1 how about a friggin cop in molenbeek that was fired for anti-semitic comments ( he said on social media he wanted to shoot all jewish of israel ) . 
  http://www.lacapitale.be/1300064/article/2015-06-01/le-gardien-de-la-paix-antisemite-de-molenbeek-sera-vire-il-voulait-abattre-les-j how about sharia4belgium ? 
  is that also the 1 % ? 
  or is it 20 % , 30 % or more ? 
  20 % of the people give you 80 % of the troubles . 
  so the whole it 's just a tiny minority guys , they do n't count . 
  you have to look at what dammage that tiny minority can do . 
  we can agree monitoring is impossible . 
  we can agree that police services and intelligence services do not find it natural to have such a deep level of communication between one another . 
  and hindsight is 20/20 . 
  but lets admit it , borders are a good thing . 
  policing and surveillance usually stops at the border . 
  it 's normal then for the other country to get a head start by knowing who 's on its soil . 
   german intelligence tipping off the french whom then ignore it . 
  that 's interesting . 
  a few days after the brussels attack , nemmouche was caught in a `` random '' check by border police in marseille . 
  he was in a bus . 
  it 's an interesting case . 
  i tend to believe it shows all the faults that happened .
