  the eu project is peace between the major european powers . 
  that 's it . 
  and poland is not essential to that . 
  we 'll give yo tukish stats to feel less lonely . 
  aaah . 
  the dirty sanchez , yes . 
   why should we not care to work together where we can ? 
  that 's quite the backpedal from  if the eu is ever going to succeed as a whole , it will need to add poland to `` franco-germany '' . 
  do n't you think ? 
  from this pan-european dream to meh we 'll see what we can do together and if now , oh well . 
   how people can read my post and say i somehow compared polish and italian economics or military production is beyond me . 
  true , your comment is far more closer to a series of italian stereotypes . 
  but it 's funny how you present it as a country in shambles , yet when poland opposed the nomination of tusk or has a constitutional crisis , well that 's put under the rug . 
   f i am interested in getting more of eeurope on board , on board of what ? 
  you yourself recognise that poland 's power resides in its capability to be nuissance . 
  it 's absolutely shortsightedness to focus constantly on the countries that present difficulties , than countries that actually play ball . 
  the european project will never advance if we constatly focus on those that want to pull back ( case in point uk ) . 
  and i have yet to hear of any project for the eu coming from ee other than `` guys let 's not change anything ok ? '', 
  a country that refuses to join the euro defined as a major partner to be , sure dude , sure . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p69thx4vo8c http://www.lituanus.org/2001/01_4_04.htm, 
   no , i said it carries negative connotations . 
  well i do n't see you commenting on how ee is n't that bad . 
  i see you commenting that you do n't want to be associated with ee . 
  so if i read your comment correctly , you do think eastern europe is shitty , you just do n't want to be associated with it ? 
   there are hardly any ideologies in romanian parties and less so in the electorate 's ideas . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  there are significant differences between the right wing parties and the left wing parties . 
  rw tend to prefer pro business policies ( such as the ridiculous flat tax rates , that is shown to increase inequality ) while lw goes towards increasing minimum wage etc. 
  of course one will always be deamed a realist and the other a populist . 
  but that 's hardly new or restricted to romania, 
  dude , what ? 
  let 's play a game . 
  if you want to buy a polish car what car would you buy ? 
  what engines has poland produced ? 
  if i want to buy a polish frigate , what options do i have ? 
  when poland will produce companies of the quality of finmecca , we 'll talk ( and i wo n't even talk about the likes of fiat ) . 
  how can people compare poland and italy and think one can surpass the other , is beyond me . 
     ` eastern ' european countries differ in everything - in their religion ( or lack of religion ) , in their social liberalism or conservatism , in their economic development , political attitudes towards eu/nato/russia ... there is n't anything which would bound all ee countries together so what sense does it make to throw them into one group ? 
  same can be said about we then . 
  why are you getting so worked up about a term that is overly simplistic such as west/east europe ? 
   russia may not be such a major force for so long . 
  did you check out russia 's recent investments in the military ? 
  well i guess it 's free to have an opinion, 
   easterners have a lot of experience with useless sham elections and have work to do instead . 
  again wtf are you talking about ? 
  ee think elections are sham so they do n't vote , making them a sham ? 
   only to have him constantly censored or have his mic cut off midspeech , because he did n't respect fucking laws . 
  you vote in an idiot and you 're surprised he 's treated like an idiot ? 
   do n't expect higher attendance in the coming elections . 
  i do n't care much about ee . 
  i 'll just vote for anyone in france that proposes multispeed eu . 
  what does the current news have to do with the ep being at strasbourg ? 
   heads of smaller states speaking to empty chambers where were the ee meps ? 
  because they sure as hell have more than 30 . 
  stop complaining about lack of respect , when ee meps also shit on malta . 
   why should easterners vote in higher attendance if this is the level of respect they get in the eu ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  yeah . 
  and cameron said he 'll trigger art 50 immediatly after the ref . 
  like that happened . 
   dominic cummings , the vote leave campaign director , described the referendum as a `` dumb idea '' before other ideas had been tried to win back powers from brussels . 
  of course the whole thing was handled like a shitshow . 
  cameron had little to no idea what he was getting in , promissed his support of the referendum based on negociations that had not taken place , eu offered no concessions and basically treated cameron like a nuissance . 
  and all this crap had in the backgrown one of the worst refugee crisis europe ever faced . 
  brexit was truly a perfect storm of stupidity , lack of foresight , personal ambitions trumping general well being and fog of war . 
  but personally i am glad that the balance of power has shifted in the eu and we 'll get a multi-speed eu with countries that are more integrated and want to push forward . 
   it 's probably the only job , where you do n't need to show up nor work or in general give even a single fuck but you get paid more than most of the people . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  if your attendence drops under 50 % , you do n't get any pay . 
   entire parliament has to move all the time . 
  yeah . 
  the ep should be where it was put the first time . 
  things i like that the eu does = omergerd it increases eu sentiments . 
  things i dislike that the eu does = omrrgerd it decreases eu sentiment . 
  let 's stop assuming that we can actually define what eu sentiment is , a 'd that it increases and decreases following what we like and dislike . 
  the fact that the ep : * has shitty meps because the quality of politicians sent is very low * has very low turnout , going as low as 18 % , 20 % in some ee countries , has nothing to do with where the ep is placed . 
   meh , clovis was the first rex francorum , made paris the capital , the line of kings starts with him , etc. 
  and caesar was the first to actually create an entity that spans the current day france , going past the tribal , free flowing structures of the celts . 
  some of the most important characteristics that would define france for a very long time are a result of that : * latin based language * catholicism * roman based law system that superseded the common based law in the north of france imposed by the franks just showing that for european countries it 's pointless to talk about `` founding fathers '' since political structures have significantly changed across the centuries . 
  i do not identify current political and societal france with a feudalism system created 1500 years ago simply because they put the capital in paris . 
  article about ep ? 
  guess it 's time to ctrl+f strasbourg ... biiiingo . 
  thank you for being predictable . 
  if you want a country , you got ta pay your bills . 
   clovis , charlemagne , if we go by that , heck , we can include gaius julius caesar too . 
  thought it stops at the volga . 
  what 's the delimitation here ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/building  a building or edifice is a structure with a roof and walls standing more or less permanently in one place , such as a house or factory . 
  needs more soros . 
  soros ... . 
  surprise soros . 
  since when is kazakhstan in europe ? 
  did geography change since i last went to hs ? 
  because these are buildings ? 
   i 'm going to make you a spoiler then : they will disappear . 
  no they will not . 
  there are classes for them and people do teach them to their kids . 
  and if people no longer teach them to their kids or want their kids to learn those languages , it 's supremely stupid to force them to learn it just because they live in that area . 
   do you understand the difference between official language and other regional languages ? 
  i do .
