  it 's a mix of factors . 
  most likely the one mentioned is the most obvious one since it depends on people 's choices . 
  other less obvious to anyone is the wide availability of contraception . 
  grandpa did n't have that . 
  yeah . 
  the famous all knowing markets . 
  sure man . 
  sure . 
  well boeing started this shit show . 
  just like the war in iraq , it 'd be nice to know * why ? 
   that 's because they do n't have a set weighting they do weigh the polls . 
   surely i do n't have to explain to you why invading other countries and claiming them is bad . 
  well if you help countries in a war , you can expect to get invaded by their enemies . 
  how 's that a surprise ? 
   it was a different time . 
  exactly . 
  stop bitching . 
  what happened happened . 
  claiming uk , france and israel were in the wrong is just as silly as claiming egypt was in the wrong . 
  everybody had divergent interests . 
   is what made nasser stay neutral during the cold war . 
  [ myes , so neutral ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egyptian-czech_arms_deal ), 
   ah yes a colonial contract made by a khedive who literally asked the british to invade to protect him from a revolt . 
  hardly the best '' contract '' . 
  a contract is a contract . 
  should we change the rules once we change heads of state ? 
  because that 's not how international politics works . 
   the uk and france really had no right to attack egypt in the first place . 
  egypt was aiding algeria in its independence war . 
   the u.s.a understood that and really had no other option but to stop the invasion , it would 've just strengthened the ussr . 
  the us did n't have any problems starting coups in iran with uk . 
  everybody has their own interests which they follow . 
  and when former allies have interests that do not interesect , people will get butthurt . 
   538 does n't base it 's predictive model on the popular vote . 
  well i 'd like to see some calculations on how each state vote is weighed and what the sensibilities are . 
  i really can not find such a source . 
  i just read that it 's based on state polls but still a lot of info is lacking . 
  yeah here you 're deffo right . 
  i misread it as : jospin vs le pen would have been a very close vote . 
   and not jospin or it would have gotten real close not really , no !, 
   538 gave trump a 35 % i doubt 538 took into account the electoral college, 
  you ca n't regulate it anymore than you can regulate encryption . 
   i think the original bulgarians were turkic . 
  could have very well been a majority of slavs while the rulers were turkic ( it happened quite often see norman conquest ) . 
  the pechenegs et al. 
  did contribute greatly to construct new political structures and subsequently were assimilated by the rest of the population . 
   kinda like the frankish people did with french . 
  the frankish settled in the north while the south of france still had a very much roman aspect . 
   if linguistic trends , the linguistic trends are mostly due to the french . 
  toponomy does n't really matter . 
   do n't represent a continuation of a culture the english are anglo-saxons . 
  they 're not in any shape or form descendents from the roman empire just like they 're not descendents from the celts . 
  heck look at basic things like law . 
  the english have one that was used in germanic tribes and not roman law . 
   quite , britain still has roman roads , roman towns , roman names for things , all in current and unbroken usage , since they were here . 
  roads and names a culture do not make . 
  political and economic ally . 
  an even better example was when the us threatened uk and france with economic sanctions and ussr with nuclear attack if they do n't back down from the suez crisis which happened because egypt reneged on its contract with uk . 
   switzerland not in the eea . 
   euphiles are really angry that the uk voted to leave the eu , because it has caused them an existential crisis . 
  it is not surprising that they are reacting in this way , anger is part of the grieving process . 
  when you reneg on an ally , people get pissed . 
  how is that surprising ? 
  it happened when france told the us : hey bad idea to go to iraq . 
  do n't do it . 
  there 's as much of an existential crisis as england is going through when a new scottish referendum appears on the table . 
   placicium in the 7th century , and that is the latin for `` it pleases '' . 
  doubt it . 
  here 's placere conjugated in all forms http://latindictionary.wikidot.com/verb:placere considering that in the same area you have le plessis robinson , it probably has the other meaning . 
   a plessis was a village surrounded by a fence made of branches . 
  the lion is just part of the subheraldry ... 
  the eagle is the main element and well that 's the symbol of the roman empire . 
  corrected . 
  but i doubt it comes from pleasure . 
  wiki hasa better breakdown . 
  yeah this makes more sense . 
   let me stop you two just there . 
  lions are cool just deal with it . 
  meh , snow leopards actually made it on planet earth 2 . 
  lets see if lions do ... doubt it : o, 
   and this is one of the reasons why the right are winning over the world right now ... yeah . 
  sure . 
  not because deeply flawed electoral systems . 
  or straight out lies . 
   what does campaign strategy have anything to do with democratic representation ? 
  what does theory have to do with practice ? 
  what does the theory of democratic representation have to to with the actual real life practice of the democratic process ? 
  one answer ? 
  * everything * . 
  what you 're saying is that communist countries like north korea and east germany are democratic because their name says so . 
  and since they had elections , then they 're democratic . 
  that 's bs . 
  the democratic process in the us is deeply flawed as shown by the fact that they have n't had 65 % turnout since ** 1908 ** . 
   leaving the eu but remaining in the eea would be quite the literal following of the referendum it 's almost like taking such a complicated structure as european economic and political treaties and reducing them to * one * simple yes and no question that takes is poor planning ... 
  yeah . 
  my point exactly . 
  they left before the anglo-saxons arrived, 
  that 's a simplistic argument and i doubt that it conveys the historic reasons . 
  again `` cities '' since i doubt one or two have more than 10 ~ ~ 000 ~ ~ k inhabitants . 
  that being said , verges would come from latin meaning branches .
