   what the french government wants to happen is for nobody to think that it 's france 's problem just because they 're on french territory , then for the uk to open its borders , and then for everyone to think it 's exclusively the uk 's problem because they 're on uk territory . 
  huh ? 
  what ? 
  where did any major french official state it 's an uk problem . 
  most say it 's a franco-british problem atm . 
   calais is n't a frontier , greece is so a border city is n't a frontier but a country is ? 
  til . 
  of course , but there will still be those that are already in calais ... 
   `` i mentioned it once or twice , but i think i got away with it . '', 
  well you started it . 
  how did we start it ? 
  when you invaded poland . 
  but the cake is when he talks about the fact that now uk is on the continent and that they 'll try their best :d, 
  i love / r/europe . 
  orban says europe needs to invest in more frontiers . 
  everybody here agrees since it 's obviously a european problem . 
  france has problems with immigrants at calais . 
  fuck france lazy fucks not doing anything . 
  it 's their problem . 
  this is the correct attitude to have . 
  make it seem just like a tiny political squable . 
  oh this polish democracy will be fun to watch in the next 3-4 years, 
  yeah . 
  this time they did n't mention the nazi occupation . 
  things are improving . 
  should they be on nye ? 
   yet they have national holidays derived from a religion . 
   you 're being an hypocrite . 
  how ? 
  true . 
  uk does n't have terrorism . 
  3 days a year no one will die . 
  but this is avoiding a full month per year . 
  that 's not realistic . 
  read my previous comment : do n't be an idiot . 
  if you wan na be one , be it on someone else 's time . 
  and in parts of france with large muslim majorities , they have free days on aid el fitr for example . 
  crazy is n't it : o, 
  my friends did fine . 
  we were at a top engineering school , during our internships , at work too . 
  what does one have to do with the other ? 
  dont be an idiot . 
  lets look at some polls from pew : http://www.pewglobal.org/2011/07/21/muslim-western-tensions-persist/ do you feel first a christian or a national ? 
  some results : us 46-46 . 
  so much of us patriotism . 
  germany : 23 70 not bad not bad . 
  uk : 21 63 meh france : 8 90 . 
  french by and large feel more french than xtian . 
  also french have a lower percentage of religious people , a lower percentage of people who believe there 's something out there and a higher proportion of atheists than the other countries . 
  this is a good thing . 
  but / u/low _ discrepancy , this is about xtians , they 're a majority . 
  what about the muslims , surely they get shafted . 
  pew again to the rescue :  http://www.pewresearch.org/2006/08/17/the-frenchmuslim-connection/ again same question : do you feel at first muslim or national : germany : 66 13 . 
  well we can see it 's the reverse of xtians . 
  not great . 
  wtf ? 
  uk is n't great at integrating . 
  but surely france would be the sort , polarizing those muslims : nope france 46 42 . 
  while not great , it 's waaaay better than uk and germany . 
  lets read the article too :  few muslims living in france see a natural conflict between being a devout muslim and living in a modern society . 
  seven-in-ten french muslims ( 72 % ) perceive no such conflict , a view shared by a virtually identical 74 % - share of the french general public . 
  in great britain , however , muslims split evenly ( 47 % see a conflict , 49 % do not ) while only 35 % of the british general public see no inherent conflict between devotion to islam and adaptation to a modern society . 
  well is n't that weird ? 
  it 's almost like secularism is good for everybody . 
  huh . 
  who knew ? 
  according to this comment : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3zwph1/how_to_prevent_rape_in_3_easy_steps_by_the_mayor/cypn03s she was asked what can one do to prevent pickpocketting and thefts at large events . 
  if that is the case then her advice is sound and it 's not common . 
  we constantly get blasted in the subway to check out pockets , dont leave valuables in plain sight . 
  i dont know what she was asked , i 'd like for someone that knows exactly what was asked and what she said . 
  that 's the normal thing , context is very important here . 
  okay , im not german , just read what i wrote in a different context . 
  okay . 
  jail it is . 
  you do realise though that they 're 18k people . 
  that would mean the number of people in jail would increase by 50 % . 
  guess what , france does n't have that many places in jail ... 
  related to the comments the mayor said . 
  of course one should be shocked , i was too at first , then i found out what the context was . 
  when asked a useless question , one can either give a useless answer ( yes women should call the cops , call for help etc ) , or stick your foot in your mouth . 
  she went for the second but there is a context . 
  there was no magical answer one could give to such a question . 
  okay , okay but a slight slight comment in her defence : apparently she was asked what women can do to prevent such attacks . 
   http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/06/cologne-attacks-mayor-women-keep-men-arms-length-germany of course she could just have said : call the cops , scream help , etc. 
  and a totally unrelated comment : she was stabbed in the neck by a guy protesting against germany 's immigration policy . 
  that 's a totally unrelated comment . 
  edit : obligatory thank you for my first gold , anonymous redditor . 
  if i ever meet you , i might not respect the arms length rule ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   why not eid for instance ? 
  i am not against that . 
  but this is n't the matter at hand . 
  i 'm confused . 
  are you asking why a month long fast is n't an official holiday ? 
  again that 's the difference between a secular state and a non-secular one . 
  in france for example , religion is a private matter , you are foremost a french then whatever religion or non religion you have . 
  the public system has to treat everybody the same way . 
  it 's not a bad thing man . 
  you should try it . 
  we had people asking to have special hours where only women can go to public pools and the staff would be only female . 
  such a request was turned down because france is a secular state .
