  there were actually several bombings of berlin before the blitz started . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/events/britain_bombs_berlin  the bombs consequently landed on fields , woods and some residential areas . 
  damage was slight and no-one was killed , but it was an embarrassment to hermann goering ,, 
  rotterdam to the best of my knowledge was not british . 
  and churchill did n't bomb berlin to avenge rotterdam . 
  let 's be historically accurate , shall we ? 
   what is wrong with paris or london according to you ? 
  have you seen the rent prices over there ? 
   bomb the capital nation lead by the guy that gave this speech oh man , you 'll be pissed when you 'll find out this : http://www.spectator.co.uk/2013/10/the-bombing-war-by-richard-overy-review/  it 's really hard to understand mindset behind the bombing of areas without military value initially the hitler forbade the bombing of british civilian targets , but one day a couple of planes got off course and accidently bombed central parts of london . 
  churchill then orders a bombing of some berlin targets like an airport that was near the center of the city . 
  this sparked off hitler and things went on from there . 
  so it 's less evil nazis and resolute ol' churchill and more of a ` fog of war ' type of scenario . 
   this , by the way , is very interesting to observe : germany is apparently your main cause for the eu 's malfunctions . 
  but merkel and schauble are a distinct reason why the eu seems stuck . 
  and while they 're great politicians for germany , for the eu they have n't really been that great . 
  so that raises the question : what happens when a leader is great for a country but not for the rest of the eu ? 
  germans of course would gladly vote for merkel 's party etc etc , but what are the visions and proposals for the eu when she only wants things to stay as they are and to change as little as possible ? 
  i have no problems with a good german leadership but it has to be for the good of everyone and have a comprehensive plan . 
   in fact , germany is supported by much of northern and eastern europe on many matters . 
  there 's a symbiosis between ee countries and germany because one provides labour and the other provides jobs . 
  gim me a call how that support will go when poland or romania will have to join the euro ( btw romania said they 'll join but some say in the future ... no rush ) . 
  you 've seen the backlash with the refugees . 
   does it matter ? 
  yes it does . 
  in a federation , the leader has the most power . 
  but of course even even federation can disappear ... see soviet union when russia , ukraine and bielorussia said goodbye . 
  no sane person would say that juncker has more political power than merkel or hollande or whatever . 
   having the executive restricted when it comes to crimes affecting the executive is part of the legal state . 
  these people have went to jail and are no longer part of the executive . 
  they are ordinary people now and have the right to be treated the same as an other citizen . 
   the euro was misplanned in the 90s of course . 
  and it was france that proposed it and had a heavy hand in the way economies should be , to be in it . 
  but the situation is the way it is and the eurozone which is faulty , or shengen which is also faulty need to be drastically improved . 
  we put the cart before the horse , we created a common currency before having an optimum currency area , before achieving economic convergence , before even implementing means to fix the economic inequalities . 
  much like we removed internal borders without having a federal police force , a federal intelligence agency and we 're amazing terrorists now move across borders and are more successful when they do so . 
   you act like close cooperation among european countries is the natural state of things . 
  no , i act like a person that has seen the eu project suffer , play catch-up to world events and no reforming view taking shape at the horizon . 
  the eu is still a project in forming and as such it needs people with vision . 
  can we really say that the major eu politicians have vision nowadays ? 
  hence the lack of originality ? 
   i prefer to be like socrates and mock your kind . 
  and much like socrates , your wit has been long dead . 
  amazing reply . 
  very useful for the actual debate . 
  of course eu politicians have no influence on the eu.you 're right . 
  cheers . 
   they wanted to go and there was nothing anyone could have done it to stop it . 
  the referendum result was 51.89 % to 48.11 % . 
  i am 100 % sure a sign of good will from the most powerful policitian of the eu could have swayed 1.89 % of the british population . 
   none of the things you mentioned have anything to do with merkle they are issues that could have been tackled by the most powerful eu politician but were n't or were handled poorly . 
  germany through merkel has been constantly a reactive politician . 
  they have always been playing catch up to whatever world events are happening . 
  and the solution has always been a patchjob that actually makes everybody more aggravated . 
   if you start to question representative democracy representative democracy was flawed in uk and the fact that cameron in the 25th hour actually went back and demanded stuff that the british people wanted should have forced the eu to react . 
  instead we sent in a crooked politician from luxembourg ... great job we did !, 
   in that case , i have to stand by the eu 's decision . 
  of course . 
  our eu principles have to be protected ... against the will of the people . 
  we 've seen it also in 2005 or in the greek 2015 referendum . 
   again , there is a difference between letting high-profile corruption cases go or small-time criminals . 
  do you have laws in germany specifically towards high profile people saying that punishments should be harsher ? 
  a person is a person with the same rights regardless of their social standing . 
  treating people differently simply because they were higher on the political scale only amounts to favoritism or petty revenge . 
   a federal government only exists if it forces its member states to remain part of the federal body ? 
  is the eu a federation ? 
   either way , i can already see that nothing incrimental would satifsy you . 
  we 're doing are incremental improvements ? 
  really ? 
  so what measures in the list that you mention incremetally improve the eurozone to make countries like greece , italy or spain ? 
  because it seems like the measures considered only help germany that has an army totally dependent on nato and a country that wants to avoid the refugee crisis . 
   are you really blaming merkel for brexit merkel was the de facto leader of the eu during brexit and her voice was n't heard very much . 
  instead she let a low-level politician from luxembourg do all the chatting . 
  very little , to insignificant concessions were given to uk . 
   the structure for the euro area economy is n't schauble the strong man of the eurozone ? 
  he was the main participant in the negociations that dealt with the greek debt problem , he was the main proponent of austerity . 
  who named him the german finance minister ? 
   non-binding consultative referenda in other nations so the most powerful eu policitians are not reponsible for eu politics ? 
   and eu banking law fine . 
  let 's move the ecb to malta for example . 
  so one leg that 's getting chopped off and another leg in the ground ? 
  hey we can be pirates . 
  wait ... we have a european leader with a vision ? 
  because in the 12 years since merkel has been chancellor : * we lost our 2nd/3rd largest economy * the eurozone has been shown to be a project that survives only because we do n't want to show we have no idea what we 're doing * several referenda were ignored ( fr , netherlands in 2005 ) or greece in 2015 * dublin agreement was shown to be pointless , and italy was told to suck it up , they 're big boys . 
  but hey , at least we have some plans for an eu army and stronger eu borders ... that 's something , right ? 
   it 's impossible to do all of them within 4 years without blowing your budget like a firework of course , not all . 
  but some might be . 
  on the other side , you have right wing politicians saying that increasing minimum wage would be horrible for the economy . 
  the fastest or second fastest growing economy in the eu , and poor ass people are told that their minimum wage increase would cripple everything . 
  who 's even bothering to talk about poor people ? 
  they 're left aside in debates ... of course they 'll vote populist . 
  you 're not special ... in fact your a worse offender in terms of populist parties that are getting elected . 
   and now after all this you ' r saying that bulgaria had to pay for joining hitler . 
  yup . 
   sucks man . 
  you should have been like greece or heck yugoslavia that was n't in the warsaw pact . 
  but you just had to join hitler did n't you ? 
  life sucks does n't it ? 
   - minimum pension growth by 60 % how is that impossible ? 
   - state employees salary to grow by 56 % [ 30 % ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/feb/07/romanian-health-service-crisis-doctors-uk ) of doctors have left since 2011 . 
  when will you start raising salaries ?
