  like it or not they 're french . 
  they 're remain french after people vote le pen . 
  they 're not migrants . 
   the vast amount of people voting fn actually live in area 's with large muslim migration . 
  what large muslim migration ? 
  the majority of muslims in france are french . 
   but the point remains , fn hardly only live in rural areas . 
  who said that ? 
  you should mention then that this excludes the paris agglomeration where mlp severely underperformed her national polls and macron drastically over performed . 
   21 % of inhabitants of cities with more than 100k where did you get that statistic ? 
   about immigration at the national level . 
  there are n't significant levels of immigrants on national level either . 
  hamon is n't left wing ? 
  mkay !, 
   do you have to support capitalists in order to be left-wing now ? 
  apparently if you do n't call for the end of capitalism , you 're not left-wing . 
   i do n't know what surprises you that a left-wing party does n't back macron tbh . 
  socialist party in france called to vote macron ... 
  so yes it is surprising that a left party does n't call to fight an far right party . 
  but i do n't think podemos is a left party . 
   le pen talks about putting french interests first ... 
  i do n't recall le pen having done the same . 
  [ there was no invasion of crimea ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/videos/world/2017/02/01/france-intv-amanpour-marine-le-pen-b.cnn ) putin seems very high on her interest list . 
  dude , what are you still doing on / r/europe . 
  you got ta translate [ memes for t_d ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nnud7vn.jpg ) . 
  what do they say in t_d because you seem to hang around quite a bit over there . 
  the saying is : in the first round you pick who you like , in the second , you eliminate who you do n't like . 
  even a broken clock ... 
   the media heavily influences opinion so shitty media . 
  there 's your problem . 
  see you could figure out the issue finally , 
   that 's the 6th republic !, 
  myes . 
  two candidates wanted the 6th republic ... and they ended up splitting the votes amongst themselves . 
  major victory for political negociation and compromise . 
  let 's build a foundation with red-pink bricks . 
  i want pink-red bricks . 
  fuck then . 
  no house for anyone !, 
   melenchon have endorsed macron that did n't happen . 
  and most likely wo n't . 
   many non far right people who vote for le pen vote for her because of their concerns of excessive immigration huh ? 
  check a map of people that voted fn . 
  the vast amount of people live in areas that see almost no immigration . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
   all the way down to the foundations . 
  and after all that is done ... you figure out ... oh shit i never built a house in my life , i was just bluffing . 
  what do i do now ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/672fc9/live_live_coverage_of_the_french_presidential/dgntiic/ this is the comment you replied to . 
  he got more that poutou :d, 
   the gray leopard spots of macron cities all over the blue le pen countryside are quite striking . 
  this is one of the reasons why fptp is a bad system . 
  in this whole map , any other vote but that of the person that got the most votes is ignored . 
  no they were not . 
  nice was part of italy hence the large number of italians . 
   and the terrorist attacks done by them did n't happen ? 
  i have no recollection of my friends committing terrorist acts . 
  i ca n't see how this is relevant though . 
  it 's not like they got expelled to italy and started voting the northern league, 
  i 'd say what de gaulle said twice non !, 
  good luck boys !, 
  those mouth breathers ca n't speak a lick of french so we 're safe but english speaking / r/europe seems that will suffer . 
  oh man , i 'll laugh and laugh . 
  the memes for seeing meluche asking to vote me pen . 
  a progressist calling for a reactionary . 
  i think it 'll feed my meme appetite for a few years . 
  yeah . 
  immigrants are really hated and french roots are really appreciated ... in a region where 40 % of people have italian roots . 
   jewish is n't only a religion but also an ethnicity , france does not recognise ethnicities . 
   ) you can change your religion or nationality , but not your skin colour or ethnicity france does not recognise ethnicities . 
   jewish people actually never did anything bad in the name of their religion back then . 
  and even if they did it would n't justify one bit what the nazis did to them , just to be clear . 
  and neither did french muslims , 
   just to spite the other like some child like the rest are doing ? 
  it 's not about spiting . 
  you have two candidates one of whom will be the next president . 
  surely you as a citizen have an opinion about who should win , right ? 
  if not that , at least an opinion about who should lose !, 
  since he is a major figure , surely he knows french people would want to know who he will vote for , right ? 
  or are you saying that it 's not dumb to not vote ? 
  it 's fam after all . 
   and it will kill any sort of meaningful discussion . 
  i ate ice cream today . 
   please have a meaningful discussion on this . 
  yeah . 
  french people have a nasty memory with someone that wants to remove a part of french citizens from society because of their religion . 
  finally some regional numbers . 
  goddamit man it was hard to obtain them . 
  that being said the difference is n't huge . 
  fg would be ranked 89th country . 
  brazil 79th . 
  for a region surrounded by jungle , that is n't bad . 
  i bet the amazonian regions in brazil do n't really do better . 
   based on hdi as shown on the link above . 
  several brazilian states also have lower infant mortality rates , higher literacy rates , life expectancy etc. 
  the data in that wiki link is ** by country ** . 
  not by region, 
   the standard of living in brazil is still a bit higher than french guyana . 
  where did you get that ? 
  they have a higher average salary .
