  that 's way more than germanic influences on french . 
  and sure maybe genetically some intermingling happened . 
  but to say that the arabs are the source , the origin of the spanish people would be ridiculous , would n't it ? 
  and that 's not unique at all : there 's slavic influences on romanian , etc etc. 
  heck , i 'd argue that there are way more many english words that have a french origin than french words with gemranic roots , yet we dont claim that the english were a fork from the normands , do we ? 
  and either way just talking about french does n't do justice to the wide diversity of languages that were spoken in the geographical region that is france . 
  here is a big list : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_france french is just the la ` guage spoken in the parisian regions . 
  but what about occitan spoken in the south , langues d'oil , breton which is celtic , etc etc. 
  and up to the revolution it was quite common to have regions that did n't speak french at all . 
  people would speak their local language . 
  i doubt they were going for a pulitzer for this . 
  considering that the journal is far left , do you think they 'd turn racist all of a sudden ? 
  it 's basically saying : if aylan had n't died , you the west would think he 'll turn into a rapist . 
  they criticize people who say immigrants will all turn into rapists . 
  i was grabbing my pop corn . 
  tis gon na be fun fun fun . 
  but but the cologne rapists and abusers were from north africa not syria : /, 
   my big fear is that with the republicans being such assholes everyone is caught up in the partisan debate that 's why i dont like obama 's current scorched earth strategy . 
  tone it down dude . 
  yeah you wan na leave a legacy but still . 
  chill man . 
   the history of the revolution . 
   ( especially the nobility ) i think therefore you can see the problem here . 
   i would place france in that regard closer to germany ( especially southern germany , since it was mostly catholic ) than to , say spain . 
  depends a lot where you are in france . 
  but overall , i believe we are much more connected to italy than we are to germany . 
  we understand the italians and the italian way of life better than the germans and their way of life . 
  our cuisine is much closer to the italian one , our love of wine , cheese and processed meats :p a france italy connection makes more sense , just like a germany uk one . 
  but fate has forced us to be closed to germany since all these wars . 
  man i agree with you , but again is something better or worse than nothing ? 
   being a total disaster with massive profits going to the profiteers . 
  arguably i got my info from daily show and i remember he results being positive overall . 
   the real issue is that they sold out . 
  so you blame the left cuz the right is super shitty ? 
   odds are , when you look at how similar western europeans are today ( genetically ) , there was a lot of mingling in the long term . 
  exactly . 
  that 's why genetics counts for shit . 
  we are a latin country simply because we speak a latin language and our law system is derived from the romans . 
  we are not a germanic people because we dont speak a germanic language and our concepts of society , religion , culture are different . 
  it 's not definite . 
  but its better than nothing . 
  heck even the pre existing conditions thing is a great thing, 
  traction control , power steering , here 's a list https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/automotive_electronics, 
  wow i didnt know the franks were a germanic tribe . 
  til / s so how did 40k people ( give or take ) change the make up of what 's current day france ? 
  why not a polexit referendum ? 
  poland should start its own union . 
  with blackjack ... and hookers . 
  honestly , if germany and france had that attitude , we would have had another ww since 1945 . 
  yeah about the cool part ... 
   my point is that neither france , nor any country that 's because most are english speakers or usually from former english colonies . 
  they wan na go to uk because they wan na go to uk . 
  yeah when fewer people started dying on the road because more tech was put in cars . 
   diverting resources from her enemy to herself seems perfectly consistent with her goals if it 's a war yes . 
  but this is an argument based on principles . 
  you can not have the higher ground without actually taking that road . 
   even if it was n't , giving up thousands of pounds ( or whatever she may have received ) just on principle is setting the bar pretty high . 
  so is removing statues . 
  that shit costs money . 
  money that could go to another needy student . 
  see i can make bs statements . 
   well , the current ` ethnic french ' are actually descendants of germanic tribes that invaded/migrated to france . 
  not much actual celtic gauls left ... wut ? 
  come on ma , tone it down a bit . 
  lets keep things factual . 
  saying that ` ethnic french ' are descendents of germanic tribes is n't factual . 
   you are entering a union whose members are a part of organisation which bombed you . 
  yeah that 's what we did . 
  they conquered us , occupied half our territory , committed massacres , etc. 
  it takes a while to get over the entire conflict , it 's what i 'm saying . 
  yes but ignoring the huge huge efforts our predecesors made would be foolish . 
  greece for example was purely because giscard thought the country that invented democracy should be in a european project . 
  it was foolish . 
  if for example fb refuses to remove such material yeah . 
   , i was just clarifying that ireland does in fact have a large financial services sector compared to the eu , yeah . 
  but that 's normal and no one would be surprised to see ireland being more capable in finance than ee . 
  but what about compared to we ? 
   we are the 7th largest provider of financial services in the eu , despite being the 20th largest country by population ( of 28 ) . 
  so it 's a per capita thing ? 
  monaco would be one of the first by that logic . 
  i meant globally . 
  the fact that the jewish no longer live in ee would be a surprise to no one . 
  hence the error of opening the flood gates from the uk  i want my money back to greece that was an instable country ( thanks giscard ) to eastern european countries where it 's just about the moneys again . 
  i 'd rather have a small nimble union than a large unwieldy one . 
   large financial services sector ireland has that ? 
   why do you say ` individualism ' like it is a bad thing ? 
  did i ? 
  it 's a societal choice . 
  the us made one , europe made a different choice . 
  to each their own but lets not negate them . 
   nobody won except the insurance giants and the federal government . 
  how about not refusing care for pre-existing conditions ? 
  is that bad too ? 
   they are normal for someone who was bombed by nato a decade ago . 
  closer to 2 decades ago . 
  and nato = / = eu . 
  and heck the treaty of rome happened in 1957 . 
  ww2 ended in 1945 . 
  12 years later . 
  and the amount of distruction germany and france caused to each other pales in comparison to the nato bombings .
