  i 'm sure mlp considers romanians culturally compatible  ) ), 
  only 33 % of french wan na leave eu . 
   and trump was a guy that was supported by one of the two largest parties in the us ... 
  you only get those if you convince your former ally to take marseille ... and corsica, 
   in france for example it 'd be a bookshop success http://www.ouest-france.fr/leditiondusoir/data/899/reader/reader.html#!preferred/1/package/899/pub/900/page/18 the year 's best seller was 694k books . 
  the tenth place was 275k . 
  for a book written by someone that so significantly impacted german society and that was forbidden for decades , sorry ... the numbers are n't that significant . 
  85k sold for a population of 80m . 
  that means 1 in 1000 people have bought this book . 
  why would anyone claim this is massive . 
  i think i know my country better than you . 
   need to win the actual states no , you just need to win swing states . 
   so when they told everyone clinton will win why she lost ? 
  she won by a whopping 2.1 % of the popular vote http://edition.cnn.com/election/results/president  they divided by zero ? 
  fptp + electoral colleges = most stupid election system . 
   french public welcome more immigration or want less . 
  it 's a non-debate here in france . 
   i mean who would want to contribute to a nationstate when its not your nation check your eu budget . 
  are you contributing more than you are giving ? 
   how dare they use their right to self determination !, 
  self-determination = / = get your own country . 
  oh god , they wan na do it again , even though the last time it was basically a failure ? 
  they 're not . 
  there 's been a reduction in car burnings . 
  maybe it worked because they had an actual police force present during the event . 
  that 's because of how silly gdp per capita is as a statistic actually . 
  what 's the median income in those cities ? 
   the bronze horses that adorn the st. mark basilica were stolen from constantinople during the sack . 
  are actually replicas, 
  trump is winning . 
  he 's being portrayed as the next hitler and if he only kills 3 million jews , he 'd end up as saying : see i was n't as bad as msm wanted to say i 'll be . 
   would obama have done it a couple months earlier it would have mattered . 
  more like putin again buttfucked the west . 
  obama expels 35 diplomats . 
  putin says meh it 's all fine guys , we 'll work on mending relations with the us and not escalate the crisis . 
  and now fake news that gives compiracy nuts more munition . 
  damn he 's good . 
  he 's very good . 
   most europeans are n't learning russian for their second language . 
   we 're talking about polish bulgarian romanian children moving in we learning new languages , forces because their parents want to give them a better life . 
  they 're not going to polish highschools yet they manage somehow . 
  i am in favour of french high schools to offer the same conditions local highschools offer . 
   there is a reason there are international schools , french schools , german schools abroad . 
  what are the facilities for romanian or russian hs ? 
  because clearly they can not match what this hs is suggesting . 
  they can very well go to much more normal american hs that do n't have all these facilities . 
   you try moving at 16/17 to russia and picking up a new language and taking exams in russian . 
  happens all the time all across europe  . 
   like they do anywhere else . 
  they can go to public school in russia , 
   the public high school i went to in florida this is russia we 're talking about here   and please tell me exactly how its rich having an income averaging $ 55k ? 
  such a person can put half their yearly salary to their kid attending school ? 
  let 's not be ridiculous here . 
   yet you 're here defending someone saying people should n't care about their education because they 're ` rich ' . 
  uhm are those children forbidden from attending public schools ? 
  / u/zurfer75 is simply saying that not many tears are shed for a school where you pay 30k per year to attend 12th grade . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-american_school_of_moscow  630-seat theater , a swimming pool , an all-weather sports pitch , these are very nice amenities and it would be extremely nice if disadvantaged youths from poor backgrounds were given the chance to attend such a thing . 
  it would be an amazing opportunity for them . 
  sadly this wo n't happen obviously . 
  again rich people butting heads . 
  i 've got bigger problems . 
  and would be a security risk for the us . 
  reading about the amenities those schools have , it would be nice if they were to be shared with unprivileged children too . 
  of course this is just a case of one oligarchy fighting another . 
  we 're just here for the pop-corn . 
  he must really hate his fam, 
  it 's an electoral college election not a states election . 
  try again, 
  knowing the ussr , it 's probably because they had bugs in the cement, 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  italy is part of the eurozone . 
  go to your hw edgeboy, 
  most are sephardic here . 
  if the guy had decided to drive straight through between the stands everybody would have simply thrown themselves in them . 
  he had to hit the stands and xmas tree in order to inflict maximum damage ( what happened also in nice ... the guy did n't drive straight on the sidewalk ) . 
  my 2cts, 
  we tend to not have a hard-on for patriotic behaviour . 
  they kinda sound a bit italian/spaniard . 
  how every e is in fact an \u00e9 for them . 
  ivth reich though : /, 
  i hope this can put to rest the myth that deep down , there 's love between uk and france . 
  i have th\u00e9 impression that what needed to happen , happened in the end . 
  is it information the government needs to know ? 
  do they also ask sexual preference questions ? 
  if you 're gay or straight ? 
   well italy is the only major european country without terror attack so far well italy has come full circle . 
  how did an immigrant that was charged with arson and spent time in prison in italy end up in germany ... 
  if any faults are found in the immigration paperwork , they are deported , even if they have become italian citizens , a measure applied to several vehement imams ( 181 more imams are currently in prison ) . 
  well that 's odd . 
  this terrorist was in jail for 4 years in italy and he wound up in ... germany . 
  i wonder if he was deported to tunisia after his stint in jail, 
   is the word `` class '' a french word ? 
  yes http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=class  you are posting incorrect information and apparently do n't understand what the english word `` class '' means exactly . 
  people here thought that class means school . 
  which is stupid . 
  also since the guy that made the statement did so in french , then he meant class as the 24 students . 
  otherwise he would have used the french word `` promotion '' which means all students that will graduate at the same time . 
   maybe you should post a little less and make sure you actually know what you are talking about before questioning other peoples english skills ? 
  welp , you 're ignorant  . 
  cheers,
