  russia invading any country would be way too expensive for very little benefits . 
  the good ol' days of invading countries in order to plunder their resources are over . 
  the main resources countries have nowadays are their people . 
  that 's the main source of gdp . 
  there is little need for massive warfare and there is little to no benefit to be obtained . 
  and to come back to the main debate , which is what percentage of gdp you allocate for defense ... the old expression , `` if you want peace you have to prepare for war '' is ridiculous . 
  the countries that have the most developped war industry also tend to not be very keen on maintaining peace . 
  what 's the purpose of investing so much money in something if you 're not going to use it , amirite ? 
   russia invades a few small villages in estonia well if estonia has nukes , should they use them or not ? 
  also why would russia invade just a few estonian towns , then back off ? 
  guess it shows how much i care about uk . 
   only small amounts of aggression . 
  france has no suffered any small amounts of aggression . 
  and i really do n't believe that france with its 1.8 % is not capable of facing `` small '' acts of aggression . 
  it 's time to take an actual look at the state of the world . 
  when 's the last time a country tried to block off france or germany ? 
  sure it happened to uk with falklands but honestly that was mainly cuz it was a dictatorship . 
  having fewer arms around means you 're less likely to go trigger happy ... and that is a good thing . 
   how would a nation protect its interest overseas yeah . 
  how would france and uk deal with libya ? 
  being less willing to intervene with bombs might actually be a good thing dude . 
   but the federal tax applies to everyone . 
  what 's the federal tax rate ? 
   here would be no dutch-irish tax sandwich in the first place . 
  there no longer is one  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/double_irish_arrangement, 
  political pressure is one helluva thing . 
   when it comes to agreeing on a common coorporate tax rate , as we have the right to veto any eu-wide decision on such matters . 
  that will slowly become a thing of the past . 
  any type of actual war against nuclear nations would go from 0 to 100 instantly . 
  no country has the means to fight covert wars . 
  i mean education from the west . 
  we can see the blowback in poland or hungary . 
  and frankly it 's a bit condescending to assume countries need to hold other by the hand or that countries needs to be held by the hand . 
   they deserve solidarity to cope with the changes i very much agree to that . 
   a place like ireland has legitimate problems due to its location and other factors again , have you seen recent economic indicators from ireland . 
  they do n't seem to have a problem ... we all do . 
   shame on the countries that spend less than 2 % , looking at you france and germany . 
  france spends 1.8 % , uk 2.1 % while it 's funding their new nuclear sub project and 2 aircraft carriers . 
  stop circlejerking about your awesome spending . 
   let him who desires peace , build nuclear subs . 
   history has n't finished yet . 
  & nbsp ;  watching you guys argue with eastern europeans , the irish at least the gool ol' days when a country decided to with a [ stroke of a pen ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/0e/percentages_agreement2.jpg ) to give ee to the soviets or starve a people are over . 
   ou are a fine illustration of why we do n't have a common rate for coorporate taxation . 
  blah blah blah . 
   but you are not willing to accept the lowering of your own rates . 
  france has a current 33 % tax rate . 
  that 's a 4-5 pp reduction . 
  do you understand how democracy works ? 
  you got more people on your side , then you get to decide . 
   but that would still leave the remaining 15-20 countries as de-facto tax havens , and thus it would be solving nothing . 
  oh yes it will . 
  those 5 countries that make the largest , strongest and most resilient economies can impose quite a few things . 
  again , the eu has to change . 
  no more everybody has a right to decide . 
  does that mean that certain countries will decide to leave ? 
  so be it . 
  a country like denmark does not have the same power as a country like spain , italy , france or germany . 
  well gibraltar , which is part of uk , wo n't be in the eu for long . 
   but that was not the question . 
  european memberstates has widely varying coorporate tax rates . 
  we take the 5 largest countries in the eu . 
  we take their corporate rates and average it by the size of their economies . 
  that rate will end up being about 29-28 % . 
  done, 
   the eu never seemed to understand pretty sure when de gaulle told uk no two times in a row , he really understood what uk was about and that uk will never fit in a continental european system . 
  it 's just that the british were head strong and refused to come to terms that continental european politics are not their place . 
   nothing he 's proposing is extremely radical his inaction during brexit showed what his concerns were . 
   but i do n't get why the opinion of a physicist on politics is newsworthy . 
  well he 's part of the civil society . 
  he interacts daily with other academia and i 'm sure he 's aware of what policies are beneficial for research and what are not . 
  make no mistake . 
  europe 's greatest resource is our intellectual output so hearing a person that is concerned about that is very important . 
   insulting your largest exporter ( tourism ) at the uk is not smart !, 
  nonsense . 
  any country has the right to control their borders . 
  no need to get into the `` omergerg i 'm so offended '' mode . 
  spain is a sovereign country and if they wish to control their borders or severely restrict border passage for security reasons they have that right . 
  considering that spain is also part of schengen , well borders needs to be protected . 
  i do n't see uk offering to open the border at calais , why should spain have to keep their borders open ? 
  why should we have half the us corporate tax rate ? 
   as for the $ 12b , ireland would only be entitled to a fraction of that money and the rest would have to be claimed by other eu countries . 
  how awful . 
  give money to other countries ? 
  oh my god that 's terrible . 
  no eu country should ever give money to other eu countries . 
  fight this man , to the death !, 
   lastly a centralised core of half a dozen core countries goes against the whole point of the eu . 
  considering that that 's how the whole shabang started ... 
  it 's kind of obvious that the current system is not working properly , is n't it ? 
  we thought it could work , but turns out that the system we have in place can not stand any crisis . 
   no , because we do n't have the abilities to block that . 
  i did n't say core eu countries are blocked . 
  but it 's good to see that you agree for a multi-speed eu . 
   left a restaurant in northern spain as dessert was due to be served . 
  how rude !, 
   if you do n't allow periphery states to counterbalance their remoteness ireland already benefits largely from being the only main english speaking country in the eu . 
  foreign investment is huge in ireland . 
   ireland would glady be a part of the high speed europe if it can do so while maintaining its current economic model . 
  you do realise that you 're proposing a race to the bottom right ? 
  surely you 're aware that ireland is attracting the main us companies through its extremely low tax rate .
