  thanks . 
   representative democracy is that where the person that gets the most votes wins ? 
   i will never understand why the united states gets so much flack for the 2nd amendment , it is arguably the biggest safe guard against tyranny in america . 
  the us have one of the largest and most comprehensive system of surveillance and personal data gathering systems in the world . 
  tyranny is n't just bad people with guns . 
   essential to protecting human rights ? 
  yes . 
  actually the answer is a no . 
  proof in point : the swiss very democratic system ... they did n't let women vote till the 1970s . 
  did n't romania exist before 1st of dec ? 
  now try the same with romanians, 
   however , the regime has zero control of its northern border , well apparently it has some control somewhere since they shot at the turkish in syria ... 
   russian is not foreign are you sure about that ? 
  they annexed so many territories it 's hard to keep track . 
  you got ta be more specific, 
   will you punish your self for breaking agreements what agreements ? 
   weak troll attempt . 
   so your is not a moral stand against russia annexing part of ukraine , russia reneged on an agreement they signed . 
  they should be punished accordingly . 
   but purely selfish i do n't want russia to act like it owns eastern europe or we to act like neville chamberlain . 
   good relations with russia we 've had good relations , but it did n't work https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007_cyberattacks_on_estonia and we can also add ukraine since we had good relations prior but then shit hit the fan and the only way to have good relations with russia seems to be when russia is weak . 
  what were those ceremonies ? 
  yes . 
  we 're not huge humanists like you russians are . 
   so only european lives matter ? 
  my life matters more to me than yours . 
  sucks i know . 
  : / if my life also matters more to you than your own , well great to hear that , 
   and you are not crying about it , while i 'm crying about sz\u00e9kelyf\u00f6ld . 
  yeah . 
  get over it . 
  szekelys live a far better life than algerians do now , so stop complaining . 
  move on . 
   yes , there were , but in the medieval ages , no fucking body cared about nationalities . 
  yeah yeah . 
  you 're special we know that . 
  move on , special man cuz it just makes you look saltay !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pied-noir https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sz%c3%a9kely_land yep same thing . 
  with such big windows many might get pee shy man : /, 
   russia going all out and forcing the ukrainians to surrender ? 
  so you 're in support of nuking russia ? 
  ended the war mighty quickly ... how long did it last ? 
  a few months ? 
  how long has eastern ukraine been brewing ? 
   but our units have fought through a 4 year long war . 
  romania was kicked out of it in 4 months . 
  there 's no point in bickering about what was what . 
  romania also faced enemies from the south bulgaria and ottoman empire and north : hungary while the major ally russia left the war . 
  what 's done is done , stop acting like cry babies . 
  you do n't see us complaining about friggin algeria or vietnam ( well some do , but those people are retarded ), 
  other things = not having wars in your backyard ... 
   it is supposed to be separate slabs yeah . 
  it showcases that they 're not part of one . 
  which is a nice message to give imho cuz those regions are n't part of hungary even symbolically , 
   i resent the equality sign between a process that took a decade and did n't result in an annexation it did n't because kosovo has not been albanian in a long long long time . 
  in the case of crimea , it 's just since krutchev . 
  you 're comparing two different things here . 
   these situations are comparable but that comparison does not make russia look better nor is it meant to . 
  two wrongs a right do not make . 
   i could say the same about permanent sanctions against russia . 
  which i am for until they stop helping eastern ukraine in its separatist policies . 
   my point is that it does n't matter much . 
  in this topic , yes it does . 
  it is in fact essential . 
  israel is acting like a douche in the colonies . 
   arabs want to wipe off all of israel and israeli ministers take pride in killing arabs . 
   it was the little entente the little entente was formed in august 1920 , after the signing of the trianon treaty in june 1920 . 
  either way , the trianon treaty was just a de jure recognition of what happened de facto . 
  for exemple by jan 1919 , hungary has no control over what happened in transylvania . 
   not the whole foreign exchange currency reserves . 
  that 's a 20 % reduction in 2 years . 
  either way it does n't matter . 
  we should n't be dealing with russia because we should n't let russia get away with starting wars in europe . 
   to prolong the sanctions and hostility and emotions subside with time ... yeah . 
  we got ta achieve peace in our time !, 
   how was norway 's relationship with the us and the uk when they violated international law ? 
  uk or the us did n't start a war in europe though . 
  wars in any part of the world , bad . 
  wars in europe ? 
  worse . 
   it 's not like albania invaded kosovo albania did significantly help the kla though . 
   declared it an independent state who then conveniently want to join albania a month later . 
  you want it to be * completely * identical to make it wrong ? 
  crimea was wrong , but it 's basically fait accompli now . 
   i 'm not talking of not making colonies ... well that 's the friggin topic . 
  products made in the colonialised regions !, 
   we may speak different languages , believe in different gods , but we have been mixed with each others and aliens for thousands of years now . 
  that 's because ethnicity = / = genetics . 
  the genetic make up might be somewhat similar but the cultures are significantly different . 
   it 's a show of respect for those living outside of the mother country due to things outside of their own control . 
  then use a map of szekelyland and whatever ... 
   we 're demanding impossible standards from them . 
  imagine what france would do if it was confronted with the same level of existential threat as israel not making colonies is not an existential threat . 
  some religious nutters are for them . 
  normal israelis think it 's retarded . 
  it 's a theory . 
  just like evolution . 
  behind this trianon memorial they should put a glue memorial . 
  before it was entente that broke up hungary . 
  now it 's shoddy workmanship .
