  you dont have to think about jack . 
  i dont know you . 
  but a friggin eu diplomat changing the discussion , fuck that . 
   to be fair , / u/jack _ beauregard is n't the one who started making comparisons . 
  it was the top eu diplomat . 
  i wont bother checking his name . 
  how about we think about the victims that died in paris or beirut . 
  and less about potential threats ? 
   integration would help to reduce the existential dread are the muslims the only ones suffering from lack of integration in europe or the world ? 
  yes not all muslims commit terrorist strikes , but it 's weird when an algerian commits a terrorist strike because syria . 
  they 're not even on the same fuckin continent . 
   well , i 'm pretty sure nationalism has killed tens of millions just in the last century or so . 
  yeah but malaria has killed many many more . 
  what about malaria ? 
  what about communism ? 
  what about this and what about that ? 
  #it 's not a fucking contest . 
  i am also very confused . 
  one of the guys that committed the hostage taking came back from syria in 2014 . 
  one of the charlie hebdo terrorist went to yemen . 
  why are n't they in solitary confinement ? 
  isolated from other inmates so they dont spread hate ? 
   the 25 percent jobless rate , rising to 37 percent among the young , is significantly higher than other parts of brussels , also home to a thriving , cosmopolitan middle class drawn by the european union institutions on the other side of the city . 
  can we compare these numbers to other regions in europe ? 
  in greece the unemployment reaches 25 % . 
  that 's the whole country . 
  and [ 48 % youth unemployment ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/youth-unemployment-rate ) ( holee fck btw ) . 
  should we be expecting waves after waves of greek terrorists ? / s also a quick googling can not reveal any significant amount of greeks that have joined isis . 
  disgruntled because you are poor ? 
  that i * absolutely * understand . 
  criminality because you are poor . 
  okay fine , greece has its riots , that kinda seem correlated with their level of wealth . 
  but the step : i am poor therefore i will pick up an ak 47 and go to syria and kill for allah ? 
  that 's a step that my brain refuses to understand . 
  maybe someone can explain it to me . 
   surely that means he supports terrorism . 
  / s many believe that terrorism is because of lack of integration ( i do not agree with that analysis ) . 
  but if caused by lack of integration , wouldnt more integration help ? 
   the point is that you encourage them by running around like a headless chicken . 
  so i encourage terrorism ? 
  til . 
  what 's with all those red berets floating about in hungary ? 
  are you guys not scared of those phantom berets ? 
   they knew that to november in 1961 150 bodies were fished out of the seine so up until october , 150 people are fished out of the seine . 
  this clearly means they 're the ones coming from the 17th of octobre massacre . 
  any other seine drawning would have been just a drawning before and after . 
  but in that period of time , they came from just that incident . 
   `` the battle of paris '' in 1991 tried to break through the first scientist to the collective silence the events , going from 200 , perhaps even 300 dead out . 
  reticent estimates amount to at least 50 victims . 
  so what is it finally ? 
  any sauces for those 200 people killed ? 
  wikipedia in french gives 30-57 . https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacre_du_17_octobre_1961, 
   so i guess you 'd prefer if he blew himself up in greece instead ? 
  so you agree the system is flawed then . 
  we 're letting in people that wan na bomb themselves . 
   by the way , the system also includes a court where you can make appeals against countries for not following signed conventions . 
  okay . 
  uhm greece : you let in a dude with a fake passport that bombed himself . 
  not cool !, 
  we 'll see you in court . 
  ooor we can leave schengen . 
  whatns better ? 
  yeah . 
  we do n't even though is they 're isis . 
   we still have laws and conventions we have to follow . 
  you mean like the dublin conventions ? 
  those are deffo followed . 
  guy signs up in greece , ends up blowing himself up in seine saint denis . 
  the system worked guys . 
   to give in to these basic reactions ** that i do not like . 
  ** actually he 's saying we 're intruding his safe space . 
  guys , lets get off his case for a second . 
  well the survivor bias is how many terrorists took otger routes than planes ? 
  the current russian flight disaster shows security measures ** are ** needed . 
  they got 225 victims . 
  that 's more that the paris one , sadly . 
   because you 're suggesting that the goal is to have tourists , consumers , restaurants and concerts rather than saving human lives uhm who 're the tourists , consumers , concert goers ? 
  are n't they people ? 
  that would be fun though , a dog cinema . 
   if this principle were applied universally it were likely that things like airport security would loose funding . 
  classical survivor bias . 
  since there are fewer plane hijacks , clearly this means that security measures were for naught and we should remove them all . 
   the idea here seems to be that resources ( and attention ) should be allocated in the way that saves the most lives . 
  then in that case , sell your car and house and give it to charities for africa . 
  that will save many more lives than now , where you are simply not using the efficiently . 
  oh , are you saying african lives do n't matter when compared to your personal comfort ? 
  that 's cynical . 
  the reality is : people die of cancer ? 
  that 's sad . 
  terrorist attack ? 
  no more friggin tourists , everything stops . 
  no more consumers , no more restaurant goers , no more concerts . 
  how do you factor those in ? 
  dont you start . 
  or i 'll take out some stats from ww1 and 2 and really show you civilian deaths . 
  not like what the us had . 
  last time i 've checked , france is n't in spain . 
   i 'm sure a cursory search in wikipedia will reveal many more . 
  it 's okay . 
  i was refering to the 1.5 million :p,
