   personally i find growth rates and employment statistics to be the most interesting economic statistics . 
  i ah ... finally a definition for usefulness . 
  numbers i like are useful . 
  number i do n't , are not . 
  see that 's not difficult . 
   also , i did not ever say that following the majority of experts is anti-intellectual . 
  i did say that blindly following experts without considering the underlying arguments was anti-intellectual . 
  i 'm not beating that dead horse again . 
   however , i am not interested in the number because the way it is measured is not in my view a very useful statistic . 
  ah yes . 
  you 're the guy that argues that going with the opinion of the majority of experts is anti-intellectual . 
  i guess numbers and facts are also anti-intellectual because they 're not `` useful '' . 
  whatever that may mean , because i doubt you 're either a statistician or a sociologist . 
   i do n't know . 
  but , i find the way poverty is measured in the uk completely artificial so you do n't know the number but you disagree with it . 
  dude , honest question , do you do drugs ? 
  not in a mean way or anything . 
  it 's just i can not explain it . 
   but can you justify the claim the uk services are just a front for the u.s ? 
  what kind of proof do you want ? 
  nsa uses the gchq to spy on the americans because nsa ca n't . 
  this means it is a front . 
  gchq would n't have the capabilities to do what it does without the help of the nsa . 
  do you want a contract like the polaris act or something ? 
   things stay nasty freedom of movement of gfto :d, 
   humiliates their cause . 
  freedom of movement or gtfo , 
   so far lowering corporation taxes in the uk has not caused tax revenue to decrease and instead there have been benefits what 's the poverty rate in uk ? 
  just explaining why journals no longer use them . 
   outside of technical jargon , the most common used terms are clandestins ( illegals , negative connotation ) clandestins or illegals is not used because it is not the person that is illegal but their status on french soil remains to be determined, 
   they integrate by giving up their foreign religion do we ask catholics to give up their foreign religion ? 
  true catholics . 
   note that germany has much better public transport then france no http://www.latribune.fr/entreprises-finance/services/transport-logistique/reseaux-ferroviaires-la-france-sur-le-podium-europeen-472373.html, 
  the most important french footballer ever ? 
  if you had told me sarko , ok . 
  but zizou , the guy that gave us a world cup . . bitch please, 
   and france , as well as french culture , pre-dates the french revolution . 
  if we look at the language spoken in france ... it 's mostly parisian french . 
  if we look at the languages if the people back in the day : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f4/langues_de_la_france2.gif fuck . 
  if we look at the law system : france was cut in two . 
  half of the country was [ common law ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-_mwblusukmg/unoxjspkeii/aaaaaaaacko/o7crq1f-ogw/s1600/37-ecrit+ou+coutumier.jpg ) , half was civil law . 
  since the revolution , we 've been a civil law based on the napoleon code . 
  sure some bits and pieces are taken from the old , but there 's been a huge change . 
  if we look at society : the major schools : x , mines , ponts , centrale they 're all after the revolution . 
  and you can not look at paris without seeing haussmann . 
  and you can not look at litterature without seeing that the major writers came after the r\u00e9volution ( except moli\u00e8re and a few others ) there are no longer 3 estates in france . 
  sure the catholic church still survived but the monarchy ? 
  nope . 
  not at all . 
  if you send a frenchman to 1700 , it would be a * significantly * different country . 
   has a certain ethnic `` requirement '' ( even though it is not law ) like being a francophone . 
  well i 'm happy you agree that speaking french is a condition of being considered french . 
  french today is simply parisian french and if we look at the state of languages before and at the revolution https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f4/langues_de_la_france2.gif we can see that not a lot of `` french '' people actually spoke french . 
  it was actually a problem because the newspapers from paris were spread out into the provinces and people would n't really understand what it is about . 
   but when you say that france was built by foreigners and their offsprings , it 's a big exageration . 
  i changed to add also . 
  of course it 's an also that 's implied but apparently people do n't understand that . 
   italian and polish immigration have nothing in common with muslim immigration member aigues mortes ? 
  yeah . 
  i ` member, 
  so we 've got english and history covered . 
  do you want us french to teach you anything else ? 
  quickly ... it wo n't be free for long . 
   he certainly had but when you say a country build by foreigners everyone thinks something like usa . 
  the basis of the current french state is widely considered to be the french revolution . 
  it has been 200 years since we 've stopped considering ourselves french simply based on ethnic considerations . 
   i get the feeling you ignorant of reality, 
   i think saying `` france is a country built by foreigners '' and `` nation enriching '' is very meaningless sorry , but i am of the opinion that napoleon had a significant impact on france . 
  tovarish fillon . 
  do you deny that foreigners have had a massive impact on france ? 
  from napol\u00e9on and jan willem de winter to claude cohen-tannoudji , daniel cohn bendit , zidane and sarkozy . 
  they all had a great impact in what france is today . 
   i speak four different languages obviously , not well . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moroccan_division_ ( france ) these people , little man . 
   i get the feeling you ignorant of reality . 
  now i understand why you hate it when people speak more than one language . 
   their country , their rules . 
  yeah . 
  our country , our rules . 
  fuck off and mind your own . 
   but muslims have done a great job of that without le pen 's help . 
  france is a country * also * built by foreigners and their offsprings . 
  from marie curie to edith piaf . 
  from portuguese to italians , polish and now maghrebians . 
   most muslims stick together , speak arabic yeah you 're very much ignorant . 
  even the french that joined isis were getting complaints that they do n't speak arabic . 
  and how is speaking ** more ** languages a bad thing ? 
  well the extreme right is high anti-intellectual so it does n't surprise me, 
  how do you know none of them have german citizenship ? 
  i mean did you ask for their passports or something ? 
  then the equivalent would be that judges have no dress code that would allow them to judge . 
  so therefore they can not judge . 
  it 's not like the student had an archaic dress code and the judges said no your dress code wo n't work here . 
  teams of pedagogues are better equipped than parents who might get quickly submerged . 
  then again we 're a country that think autism is well treated by psychoanalysis, 
  da fuq you talking about ? 
  the fight was about the fact that she did n't want to swim even in a burkini or full swim suit . 
  it 's not a discussion about clothes so why are you making it one ? 
   most of them are going to france , we should ban homeschooling too . 
  where 's manu chao :d,
