  europe : the colonies , the us : korean war , the iran , chile , guatemala toppling of democratically elected leaders , vietnam , afghanistan and iraq . 
  honestly man you 're giving us a run for our money here . 
  and you wo n't find me disagreeing with you on that topic . 
  but again it 's pointless because alea iacta est. 
  we 're in this together . 
   but i get it , in much of europe , things like defense treaties , auto emissions limits and budget rules are more suggestions than requirements . 
  did you just come on / r/europe to bash europe ? 
  are you trolling ? 
  also did you just bash europe on its budget ? 
  the guy from the country that had a complete gridlock for a couple of weeks because you could n't decide on your budget ? 
  auto-emission limits ? 
  from a country that has is one of the largest polluters out there ? 
  that never even heard of kyoto ? 
  you can only dream to get to the level of emissions as europe . 
  criticising our respect of treaties ? 
  from the guantanamo country ? 
  dude ... 
  if ifs and buts where candy and nuts it would be christmas every day . 
  dude you 're too sensitive . 
  should i buy you some flowers ? 
  the dress you 're wearing does n't make you look fat at all . 
   sarkozy being hell-bent on scoring some cheap `` little napoleon '' and merkel is hell-bent in her messiah complex ( probably in some weird attempt to fix ww2 ) to save all syrians meaning she 'd belittle eastern europe on their border policies and forcing her to make eu wide deals with turkey . 
   and his indignant rants about other eu members not signing up to his `` vision '' afterwards left a very sour taste in my mouth . 
  yeah good thing merkel 's vision is muuch better . 
  see i can make bullshit , pointless analyses too . 
  stop complaining we 're all in this together . 
  german economic and refugee politics affect all of us ( oh look at that austria will likely have an extreme right president , awesometastic ) . 
  and french or british military politics affects the eu as well . 
  we are all dependend on the other . 
  heck without french military intervention , mali would have fallen . 
  obama is saying take your own defense seriously , because we wo n't be taking your defense seriously for much longer . 
  did the eu come to beg from help from the us when georgia or ukraine happened ? 
  oh wait , i know ... you 'll start talking about lybia . 
   hilarious , since it was ~ ~ europe ~ ~ france that pressed for libya ... 
  there are 2 european countries that matter from a military perspective . 
  there is 1 european country that matters from an economic perspective . 
  you know which are which . 
  it 's stupid to complain about their actions because damn if they did n't damn if they did . 
   never said i preferred fewer muslims never said you are a xenophobe . 
  you are projecting . 
  but apparently more xenophobes . 
   also , why is it a silly system ? 
  because it 's a communist system . 
  everybody pays the same amount regardless of the use and the toll of the road . 
  that 's silly and inefficient . 
  you pay what you use is the normal system . 
  if a car is driven once , it should not have to pay as much as a car that is driven every day all over uk . 
  lets say one day the gibraltarians will want a bridge that connects uk to gibraltar and goes through international waters . 
  that bridge would probably cost you personally millions but you 'll never use it . 
  would use it every day and pay the same amount as you do . 
  that makes 0 sense . 
  and for real life examples check the viaduc de millau . 
  it is not pointless , but if i wan na use it i got ta pay , if i do n't wan na use it i make a huge detour and i do n't pay ** you pay what you use **, 
   as a neoliberal country that 's what you claim . 
  there 's nothing more neo-liberal than * you pay for what you use * . 
  france has tolls , you use one road , you pay for one road , you use two roads , you pay for those two roads . 
  how is that not a fair , balanced and non tax based system ? 
  why not change what you guys have ? 
   i think another fact is that countries like france have toll roads ? 
  ( i could be wrong here so please correct me if i am ) . 
  well road gets build , road needs maintenance , you pay if you use road . 
  does n't that make sense ? 
  * you pay for what you use . 
  * if you have a silly system that is different , why are you doubling down on it and force it on everyone else ? 
   uk truck drivers working in europe currently pay tolls and levies when delivering goods abroad can you give examples of such tolls and levies for countries like germany or france . 
  slovenia went to germany . 
  the romanian doctor is working there . 
  politician makes pointless speech filled with generalities . 
  journal writes pointless article on that filled with generalities . 
  keep moving people , nothing to see here . 
   technically nothing but it is wasteful to send trucks across to the continent to fill up on fuel and then come back to do business . 
  do n't uk trucks do business on the continent ? 
  what stops a uk truck from doing that a continental is ? 
  twas nice in nice last time i 've checked . 
  i 'm waiting for the german gas ovens . 
  the french [ veggie guillotine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weizg1taibi ) ,, 
  well good luck to her then . 
  yes . 
  but you can not say he took the case for the reputation only to later refuse it for reputation reasons . 
  what do the polls say ? 
  you can have someone appointed to you . 
  the guy takes cases like this for pr . 
  abdeslam is n't a saudi prince . 
  why did he take his case then ? 
   1968 invasions were both led by the soviet union though , they would never have happened , if those countries were n't just puppet states . 
  well romania for example did n't intervene and was opposed to it . 
  so the dynamics are a bit more complicated and blaming it all on the ussr does n't do it justice . 
   and the rule of law outside the eu is that why may wants to leave the echr ? 
  so for you it 's either ww3 nuclear winter or puppies and little lambs jumping over quaint fences on green pastures ? 
  since 1945 look at how many conflicts european union countries had vs non eu ones like ee countries : * 1956 invasion of hungary * 1968 invasion of czechoslovakia * yugoslavian wars * moldova transniester war like it or not democracy and rule of law do help prevent wars and the eu pushes for greater democracy , rule of law , corruption prevention , etc. 
   you ca n't seriously say that brexit will cause authoritarian tendencies in poland and hungary . 
  think you missed the point . 
  the guy 's saying that the european project is a project based on peace . 
  like it or not , the eu has had a beneficial effect on eastern europe . 
  and the more countries participate in the eu project , the better . 
   could you explain the reservation system to me ? 
  are they compulsory on all or only the high speed ones ? 
  you do have a system called idtgv where you can buy the ticket online and print it yourself ( or download their app and buy/store your e ticket ) . 
  but you can also show up at any train station and buy tickets normally . 
  this is for high speed or other regular trains .
