   maybe a smaller union is better , it will have to include all the countries that are currently in the eurozone hollande is in favor for a fiscal union . 
  currently the issue is in germany 's court . 
  greece would have to exit probably . 
  hence the smaller union . 
  after some googling : though honestly it 's very complicated , what the different camps are http://www.euractiv.fr/sections/euro-finances/france-et-allemagne-poussent-pour-plus-dintegration-economique-en-ue-314833 seems like both germany and france want a fiscal union . 
  so why do ~ ~ people ~ ~ romanians say gypsies are thieves and not : those particular romanians are thieves ? 
   as for negative opinions , it 's not yet forbidden here i 'm still kinda sure if you go at your job and say darn those fuckin gypsies , you can expect to be reprimanded . 
   respect has to mutual , not just one sided . 
  i agree , ~ ~ dumbass ~ ~ kind sir . 
   germany will not accept a `` smaller union '' , even if it what france wants . 
  at some point fiscal unification will have to be done . 
  either that or everything will fall apart . 
  i fully agree the current two-speed system is not do-able . 
  there 's no point in sharing some things but not other things . 
  i burst out laughing :d if only europe was shitty . 
  we wouldnt have the syrian crisis either . 
  tonight im going out and vandalizing my city . 
  how dare we have nice things . 
   read some history about the expansion of the eu into eastern europe . 
  so uk ** is ** in favor of free movement for romanians and bulgarians ? 
  i made another comment that applies here as well : so we are in agreement . 
  either more europe or less of it . 
  if uk wants less of it fine . 
  if other countries want more , fine as well . 
  anyone who can say that is one option that is clearly better than the other is bsing . 
  so we are in agreement . 
  either more europe or less of it . 
  if uk wants less of it fine . 
  if other countries want more , fine as well . 
  anyone who can say that is one option that is clearly better than the other is bsing . 
  i have to call merkel to hash out the plans . 
   except the gypsies refered to in such complaints are not adapting . 
  if i treat you as a thief , a liar and an untrustworthy person even though you never did such things , what can you do ? 
   this cycle was attempted to be broken by even the communists and they failed . 
  iliescu has gypsy origins . 
  nastase too . 
  sure they effed up , but claiming they didnt have potential to do great things and that they didnt achieve a lot is pure bs . 
   use google translate on this ama from r/romania , it might enlighten you . 
  i know more that you 'd suspect . 
  i just dont hide myself behind poorly made excuses . 
   hopefully you will be able to fix the eurozone so that far more money is transferred from the richer parts to the poorer parts and change the treaties to reflect that and get the peoples of the eurozone to endorse those changes in referendums . 
  good luck with that . 
  well finally some sense . 
  that 's how people will finally prosper . 
  maybe a smaller union is needed at first . 
  but more integration is what i want . 
   gdp growth in wales is better than the eu as a whole and with lower unemployment . . china has higher gdp growth than any country in the eu . 
  i still dont want to live there . 
  also in poverty levels you 're doing much worse than france http://www.inequalitywatch.eu/spip.php?article99&amp;lang=en it does n't look good my friend . 
  worse than france . 
  can you imagine ? 
  if they are performing bad the currency does not hide that and they can do the appropriate measures to tackle the issue . 
  wales is performing badly . 
  should wales have its own currency ? 
  and scotland ? 
  the eu caused the ukranian crisis . 
  til, 
  ( i ) expanding into eastern europe , ( ii ) the single market , ( iii ) the single currency and ( iv ) the schengenzone . 
  the first two were pushed by the uk harder than anyone else . 
  you can not be serious . 
  uk is the one that wants to put restriction on romanians and bulgarians . 
  thinking a massive exodus would happen etc etc. 
  germany is currently the one saying that the uk can not impose restrictions on romanian or bulgarian workers . 
  france pushed for a single currency harder than germany ? 
  dude what kind of news are you getting over there ? 
   even on oh so anonymous internet . 
  who got fired from being a dick on 4chan in poland ? 
  honest question, 
   the current crisis is the most significant thing that has happened in europe since the fall of the berlin wall in terms of potential for social change . 
  so something that happened just 26 years ago ? 
   large demographic and cultural shifts and the window for preventing wait 2 million syrians will change europe 4ever ? 
  omg . 
  so should wales have its own currency then ? 
  because clearly it 's a super poor region and it 's not getting any better . 
  what is that `` appropriate level . '', 
   , i 've had two roma colleagues in school and they were n't bullied or discriminated and did you ever ask your friend if they ever faced racist comments in the bus or on the street ? 
   but there needs to be added cultural context since when most people say something like that they refer to the stereotypical portrayal of roma , that 's what friggin racism is based on . 
  the generalization of negative perceptions based on stereotypes . 
  you just described racism there in a nutshell . 
  1940 `` jews are rats and negros are an inferior race '' racism and anti-semitism is over and done with in europe . 
  nobody in france thinks all muslims are fanatics that want to blow everything up . 
   i 'm sure you know the vast majority of voters only remember/care about what they have seen in the last few years . 
  so it 's time to sit back and look at the grand scheme maybe ? 
  all the benefits we 're having are n't the result of only the last 5 years . 
  ah the forever solution to a poorly working economy : devaluate . 
  why push for reforms when you can just print money ? 
   i think a lot will depend on the handling of the refugee crisis . 
  because a project that has been in place for the last 60 years must depend on something that 's been happening since last year . 
  makes perfect sense . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_wednesday and look how well being independent works out . 
  good luck trying to short the euro . 
   their task is to build a federal system that works and is democratic music to my ears . 
  so nobody complains that the gypsies live in shacks ? 
  no romanian has ever told you that it sucks to live next to gypsies ? 
  that gypsies are a bunch of thieves ? 
  you never heard that in romania ? 
  you must have been suuuuuper sheltered . 
  not to mention the ussr . 
   jews in poland ? 
  a safehaven .
