  i 'm sure it can be done . 
   no , i want countries to respect article 5 when it 's invoked , as per agreement . 
  article 5 does not state nuclear retaliation . 
  afghanistan was n't nuked , was it ? 
   go correct wikipedia so that was your source . 
   i 'm not sifting through your constitution . 
  if you do n't want to learn , do n't try to `` correct '' others man . 
  it 's not difficult . 
   whatever it can to help . 
  well up to now , what you could was very very little . 
   ance ca n't go and wage war on another country and expect nato to be like `` lol , okay france , here we come '' give me a call when france will ask the help of romania for anything , ok ? 
   it 'd be short lived and useless in the end because romania and ukraine alone can not fight russia . 
  but you want france to start nuclear war if estonia is invaded . 
  dude , do you listen to what you say ? 
   you armed forces are controlled by the prime minister did you just try to `` correct '' a frenchman on france ? 
  are you for real dude ? 
  here 's the consitution https://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichtextearticle.do;?idarticle=legiarti000006527478&amp;cidtexte=legitext000006071194&amp;datetexte=20140401 you 're welcome . 
  no no . 
  showing your support the litteral fascists does not make you a fascist ... for some reason . 
  what is what about ? 
   at least we do n't actively support the annexation of crimea unlike a certain candidate for president in france . 
  who was talking about whataboutism here ? 
   and i suppose you 're currently in eastern ukraine , fighting like the true soldier you are ? 
  you 're the one that wants france to start a nuclear war if estonia is invaded . 
  you 're the supreme warrior ... letting others die for you . 
   we actually supported ukraine in their fight . 
  we sent it specialists to help ukraine in their cyber war with russia and did that bring a stop to the hostilities ? 
  you were claiming you 'd do anything to stop russian aggression and you send it people . 
   ) ) romania has no tanks ? 
  airplanes ? 
   do you expect people with far left views to be fired or are you just a partisan hack feigning outrage to silence your political enemies ? 
  i suggest that at the next italian election , you go vote for the person willing to remove these laws that bother you so much . 
  that 'll show your fellow countryman / u/thatguyfromb4 how wrong he is . 
  akshually the gladiators were given by maidens before a fight little bits of tissues made from [ mousseline ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/mousseline ) in order to show support . 
  the fighters would tie them to their spears . 
  and the more succcessful they were , the more tissues they 'd gather . 
  so showing your support for mousseline just means you wan na be successful in your endeavours . 
   most of your countrymen thought the afghanistan invasion was justified to prevent another 9/11 . 
  yeah . 
  now afghanistan is a stable country that is doing very well . 
   luckily you have no power . 
  i have just as much power as you do ... well actually more because majorities elect heads of states here . 
  one 's depressing with decrepit buildings , everything looks like it 's about to be demolished , full with brutalist buildings . 
  and the other is lyon . 
  yeah . 
  that 's why french soldiers died for your dumb war . 
  and i want to prevent that from happening again, 
   adventures myes . 
  you got to experience those adventures in berlin for example . 
   from r/news great sauce man , 
  well then explain to me how it was in france and uks best interest to start a war with germany ? 
   we do n't have nuclear capability and my hope would be that we would do anything within our power so that people in eastern europe never have to suffer atrocities under russian rule ever again . 
  so what did you do in ukraine ? 
  i did n't see your president fight for a resolution of that war . 
  what did you do in georgia ? 
  i did n't see your president fight to stop the invasion . 
   that 's what i would stand for . 
  yes . 
  keyboard warriors are not what we lack though . 
  you should check how ww2 started . 
  okay ... you went off topic a bit here . 
   because france is n't trying to persuade the u.s. to increase military spending . 
  you 're bitching about the help the us gave . 
  5 planes big shit . 
  heaven forbid a us soldier would have died in mali . 
  we 'd hear day in day out about your massive sacrifice . 
  also france is good . 
  we 've got our nukes . 
  we 're cool outside nato . 
   will uk or france , the only two countries with nuclear capabilities , one who 'll leave the eu and one who 's growing eurosceptic , risk a nuclear war with russia over , say , estonia ? 
  will romania risk a nuclear war over estonia ? 
   i am sure us will have zero problems manhandling us exactly the way they want to . 
  they tried to with iraq ... it failed badly . 
   a huge proportion of the air-to-air refueling and electronic reconnaissance flights for the libya thing were american . 
  you should learn some maths buddy . 
  the us provided 5 kcs and 5 c17s . 
  we had only by ourselves 5 kcs . 
  also we several transall c160s and c130hs . 
  you sound a wee bit salty buddy.https : / / en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_serval, 
   syria , mali syria ... you mean the place where you kicked shit right next door . 
  isis is largly composed of former baathists that could n't find a place in iraq and the fact that the new shia rulers of iraq were quite rutheless to the sunni which caused a sort of a civil war . 
  we warned you not to go there buddy . 
  and mali was minimal help . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_serval heck why do n't we count the number of french soldiers that died in your afghanistan war buddy ? 
   provide ammo when europe runs out , or provide air transport for european forces . 
  in conflicts in which the u.s. is n't otherwise involved . 
  did the french provide help in afghanistan or did they not ? 
  why do we have to provide for you ? 
   if the eu can match the pentagon spending for r&d then sure , in a few good years we might match their expertise and technology . 
  until then you might say `` let them buy european products instead '' , france was n't born with capabilities to launch slbms , was n't born with top notch radars , capabilities to make nukes these things take time , money , help , etc. 
   staying power we do n't need no staying power since no eu country has plans to invade another country and remain . 
  in fact we should completely eliminate any desire to invade another country . 
   also not many nato members have the capacity to develop complex machines on their own and nobody has the huge inventory of the us armed forces to allow for low prices . 
  i agree . 
  monopolies are a great thing . 
  we should all depend on one single supplier and `` too big too fail '' has never proven to be a wrong strategy and has not cost us a lot of money . 
  and heck depending on the us is great . 
  like during the iraq war when france refused to go in , they restricted exportation of parts of the catobar as punishment . 
  see ... heavily depending on one country is great . 
   so you dotn care that russia manipulates your elections ?
