  like a famous politician once said , you can put lipstick on a pig but it 'll eat it . 
  or something like that . 
  just being here doesnt make you european . 
  having an impact on european history doesnt make you european . 
  other turkic people have become european through assimilation ( cumans , pechenegs ) but the turkish were never europeans . 
  poland is most definitely a european country . 
  stanislas leszczy\u0144ski had a big impact on french culture . 
  he was duc of lorraine and contributed to the development of nancy and luneville . 
  polish immigration had also a big impact on europe . 
  i doubt anyone would disagree that marie curie had a huge impact on the scientific culture in europe . 
  or that chopin was not a great creator of european culture . 
  heck you can extend that to russia too and other ee countries . 
  liszt , the polish and russian mathematical schools , tchaikovsky , dostoievsky . 
  it 's all european man . 
  only a cultureless hack would claim ee is not an integral part of europe . 
  i 'd be careful whenever femen come up . 
  the level of propaganda surrounding them is over the roof . 
  they 'd take dumps or pee inside the notre dame in paris . 
  that 's fucking retarded . 
  well the only big colonial empires were the english , spanish and the french . 
  there 's more to europe than those 3 countries i 'd say . 
   experts say the message of militants should be challenged not banned . 
  ah , the good ol' you got ta combat bad ideas not ban them . 
  that 's pure bs . 
  the idea of a combat also implies that in the end there is a possibility that the offending person does not change their opinion . 
  so where does that leave you ? 
  in reality banning ideas works out great . 
  why did old pagans disappear and christianity took their place ? 
  because pagan religions were banned . 
  unless those ideas are related to intrinsic human needs , banning wrong ideas works out well into making them disappear . 
  i doubt for the average european that colonisation had a huge impact . 
  ok the country was maybe a bit richer , a new type of food and more expansive but day to day , i really doubt colonization changed european culture . 
   oh , i know !, 
  but he 's europe too !, 
  suleiman the magnificent is europe too , even if vienna does n't think it 's appropriate  suleiman is most definitely not european . 
  what 's with this trend to make turkey european ? 
   though i get that it 's an important aspect for non-europeans due to the fact it 's what they ` saw ' the most . 
  at the same time , it 's not what defines us the most . 
  it is not for others to define what we are, 
   he was n't a nobody that his opinion would have some weight in france and shows a tendency in the left on the rest of the world yeah ... no ... he really has no weight on anybody 's opinion . 
  he 's daddy 's boy and he wrote a book to shock people . 
  you got ta shock to sell . 
  it 's the dying call of the french elitist intellectuals . 
  have you ever heard of this guy before ? 
  so why would you friggin care ? 
  a guy you have never heard of made a book you never even planned to read . 
  lets get outraged . 
   is typical of the guilt laden masochism the left tries to project , for its own political advantage . 
  this has nothing to do with political left or political right or whatever . 
  there is in france a concept of `` intellectuals '' . 
  elitist thinkers that shape the thinking of large groups of people . 
  they 'd write a book every 2 years and make a living out of it . 
  it worked great in the past because well everything was centralised . 
  information , knowledge , ideas . 
  nowadays , though , that breed of intellectuals does not sell anymore . 
  so they started peddling more extreme views and more shocking opinions because selling a book is more valuable than expressing valuable , though-provoking ideas ( and heck we see it in other places . 
  western thinkers like hawkings with his aliens off the rail comments ) . 
  so now it 's all over the place . 
  leftist intellectuals expressing extreme right ideas , this guy peddling weird ass concepts . 
  if anything , these are the dying days of the french high-flight intellectual and has nothing to do with the left ( everybody 's going : wtf dude ? ), 
  well duh . 
  selecting the best is always a good solution . 
  but again you can not compare the us and the eu, 
  trust me . 
  i 'm surrounded by very smart french people in france too . 
   . http://www.dw.com/en/us-threatened-germany-over-possible-snowden-asylum-greenwald-says/a-18331700 germany was told that if they dont knock it off with snowden they 'll stop sending them terrorist intel . 
  that 's a dick move . 
  they 're from armenia . 
  the number of muslims living in the us : 1-2 million , the number of muslims in france alone : 4-5 million . 
  france has 1/5th of the us population . 
  making any kind of comparinson between the us and the eu is pointless . 
  good fences makes for good neighbours . 
  honestly , are they trying to make political enemies inside the eu ? 
  you have to understand crowd mentality . 
  people do n't understand you can live a comfortable life in other parts of europe . 
  heck even outside europe . 
  they just want the shiny toy that germany was presented to be . 
  france said it 'll take 40k refugees and it 's struggling to find them because france is not germany or sweden . 
  crowd mentality also happens when poor people vote for policies that actually favor the rich ( because hey i 'll be rich someday and i dont wan na pay taxes ) . 
  meanwhile there are smart refugees too :  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-34264937 that are saying : why pay 5k to get in a dingy to europe and walk 2000km by foot and maybe die when i can get a plane to brazil . 
  i do think ghettoisation and leaving the kids on their own is a problem . 
  i dont agree that it 's an income problem . 
  i also do n't agree that in poorer families religion is the guiding compass . 
  income : well just being poor does n't mean you 'll not be part of the society . 
  the polish , portuguese and italians that moved to france during the last 19th , early 20th century were poor as dirt and looking for jobs . 
  there was a rejection from the french at the time but it sure as heck didnt take 3 generations or 50 years to fix . 
  what exactly is the success of the american model ? 
  it has about 1-2 million muslims . 
  france has twice as many . 
  but 1/5th of the total population . 
  real problems are ghettoisation . 
  where there are ghettoes and packed communities , there is no assimilation . 
  well it should stop acting like omg they 're fixing everyone 's mess . 
  they ca n't even hold their border shut . 
  a lot of those people who travel are very well known by secret services and still allowed to pass through . 
  you make an interesting point . 
  i do realise it 's somewhat consistent ( from personal experience though ) that people from well knit , organised families tend to fare better than those that are left on their own . 
  the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  there 's no debate to be had . 
  when there 's pork , the kid can ask for extra side-dish which always is some veggie or omlette or non-pork related stuff .
