  of course . 
  she 's good at french then , 
   not wanting greece to be overwhelmed by refugees is hardly a `` messiah complex '' . 
  charter planes , trains and boats . 
  what 's so impossible . 
  there 's a direct route on the danube route . 
   closing the borders is a short-sighted solution as it does not help the whole of europe . 
  what if we sponge the greek debt  instead of france and germany turning a profit over it ? 
  * cough * * cough *, 
  he 's better that the parisian mayor is in english . 
  neah it 's good . 
  he 's actually good at it , just stuttering at times but i think that 's to be expected . 
  way better than the parisian mayor in english . 
  http://en.rfi.fr/france/20140322-paris-mayoral-hopeful-makes-election-appeal-foreign-residents that being said , she 's good in spanish . 
  i wo n't be happy unless the germans make a satire special about us . 
  only you guys get to be mocked at . 
   if these `` migrants '' keep coming to eu in the millions , it has nothing to do with refugees since france is very little affected by this problem . 
  why do people impose their ideologies on these issues . 
  https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/monde_anglo-saxon french ca n't help it . 
  maybe our meat would be poisonous to them . 
  mutual asymmetric warfare or something like that . 
   and a million years a go a t-rex would eat us actually it is believed that a human could out run a trex . 
  also many believe that humans did n't live in the same time period as the t rex , who also lived in namerica 60 million years ago . 
  and the balkans and ee was under water at that time . 
  sorry , i mean continental europe . 
  anglo-saxon countries are weird like that . 
   no way in hell i was taking out more loans . 
  well that 's the thing in france . 
  if you do n't get your scholarship ( in science ) no way you 'll get the phd . 
  it 's good in the sense you have to be taken care of . 
  it 's bad because if you do n't get any , you 're told to move on . 
  either way : hey you got way much more nice things to visit and see in france than in uk :p what year are you in ? 
   by the way i was in academia once , it 's shit everywhere , like / u/adalhaidis said , no need to add more shit on top it . 
  they did it once , but i think they got away with it all right, 
  i do n't speak german :(, 
   in the sciences and in engineering , phd students get a ( small but sufficient ) salary from the university is n't that a must in every ( continental european ) country ? 
  in france you have to get the same conditions . 
   since they cost the university more money than the phd students , there are much fewer positions . 
  same here . 
  but i guess it 's normal . 
  fewer phds than masters available , too . 
  it 's a pyramid . 
  show me the french . 
  now !, 
   that they run a public station also prevents them antagonizing the government 1941 ( or 1871 ) low_discrepancy : you sure believe that , huh ? 
   and serbia can be like switzerland . 
  well both countries think they 're superior to their neighbours . 
  so you 're not too far , 
   beaches : gravel it 's a 404 . 
  did you link to nice , you old cad  no backsies . 
  italy is probably one of the only countries i could live in without missing france too much . 
  i 'm coming back in may for a conference in florence . 
  i 'll try to retrace ac2 . 
  :d love the country . 
  poor ukrainians . 
  they get shafted once more . 
  i 'm a sovereign citizen :d, 
   t iraq had become a stable country are you serious ? 
  he divided the country that caused the sunni to rally around isis . 
  isis being created heavily from former ba'ath party members because they had no saying in the new state . 
  i do agree that the us left way too early . 
  but that was a promise by obama . 
  it was his desire . 
   landslide in the mountains ? 
  they look pretty rocky . 
  you talked to people you did n't personally know ? 
  is that really finnish ? 
  that does not confirm my stereotypes . 
  rt.com that only cites twitter comments . 
  we can not do any better in terms of journalism effort . 
  ( maybe also including a link to an the onion article ) let 's wait a bit . 
  crazy dude with electronic bracelet did n't open for the police checking on him . 
  i 've always had the impression that the european societies were being led through an arena by the nose ... and that impression turned out to be right . 
  was n't that the rhetoric for all the revolutions in the arab spring . 
  europeans badly and poorly managed it . 
   that also drives the large migrat streams from states like afghanistan or iraq - people do n't just flee the war in these states but they do n't perceive a chance that this eternal infighting would ever cease . 
  well the non-intervention in syria is causing that feeling of a war that never ends . 
  for 4 years we did n't have a problem . 
  then it exploded . 
  too much is too much . 
  they can just resort to cdds , which they massively are doing atm . 
  you still have a trial period where you can fire at will . 
  what would a protracted civil war like in syria with govt forces killing lybian civilians look like ? 
  thanks . 
   why do n't you give few more billions $ to turkey when you 're at that we will , because we need to solve the syrian problem . 
  thanks us . 
  sure is swell having the us actions supply us with a steady stream of refugees . 
   you wants to exchange dependance on america for `` stronger connections '' with russia and china china and russia want our well being just as much and just as little as the us . 
  they are all looking for their interests . 
  if you think any of them has europe 's interests in higher esteem you are severely mistaken, 
  true . 
  but that dude makes it like france is in full impire mode . 
   if you ( or anyone ) uses nuclear weapons , the world could end in a matter of hours that 's why they were made for . 
   is that really the only option you 'd like to have ? 
  you would n't want to be able to conventionally defend yourself ? 
  that 's what the us provides to europe . 
  why do n't you try to invade china or russia . 
  tell me how it goes , okay ? 
   imagine if the french response to the rwandan genocide was to threaten to nuke rwanda . 
  what a joke you would be ; it is not our job to police the world .
