  well true , i ca n't speak for her history that much , but what she 's doing now has far more lasting detrimental effects than mere 10 years . 
  wow the doublethink is real , i do n't even know if you realize it . 
  thanks , that sounds pretty fucking based, 
  can you give summary ? 
  does n't matter if it 's lazily done . 
  just handing out perspective, 
  politics and actions , not what they say they are even if your norms have changed , that does n't mean the meaning of the word has , well semantics but you catch my drift if you got 10 socks under table , they 're all under the table even if you started measuring which one was closest to the table . 
  you can probably figure it out if you take look at western world, 
  any nation that acts in that manner, 
  i do n't think guy living of from quickie loans is any better though , better yet take quickie loans and use that money for something completely useless, 
  the other guy put it nicely  did he tell people to riot or did he raise awareness of an issue that made people angry ? 
  so did he make up problems that made people angry , or did he just brought up problems that already existed and no one else did nothing about ? 
  we 're not blaming islam or muslims for the actions of the few , yet geert should be punished ? 
  doublethink much ? 
  but as i have already written , if there 's a problem and no one fixes it , you can only expect the situation escalate to a lot worse than it already has, 
  yes , if problem arises sweden lobsters should try to be more tolerant swedish lobsters have no culture anyhow , they 're just jealous of american lobsters rich diversity and culture, 
  can you take out example for what his ` hate crimes ' have brought out then ? 
  people do n't violently protest over nothing , even if you ask them to . 
  you can try it yourself if you do n't believe me . 
  what they however do is violently protest if there 's problem big enough to require such actions , keep the problem , keep the violent protests . 
  and they 're just going to escalate with , or without your geert . 
  such as ? 
  i do n't think people go out violently protest without reason , i doubt one guy calling them even outright would make much change . 
  if people are frequently violently protesting , you can expect it to last as long there 's a problem , and only escalate if the problem is n't fixed . 
  that 's ... racist ? 
  yeah , i think we already had our share of optimistic views and dreamy plans for all of this . 
  if we 're not going to be pragmatic , you can be sure there 's not going to be eu in 10 years . 
  and we both know that the immigrants or ` refugees ' wont stay in eastern europe , they 'll move to scandinavia or germany , good luck handling them then . 
  you can ? 
  is that how calais was formed ? 
  is that how the slums greece have been formed as of recently ? 
  how exactly will you force your will on millions of young men that will riot once you try to exert said rule ? 
  you think they wont ? 
  please , do n't be na\u00edve , even swedish police no longer can handle the situation when they 're paying money for them to stay where they want them to stay . 
  have army come in ? 
  but they 're young children and women , you cant do that , well not for long before vultures with cameras arrive , and then your plan simply dies . 
  unless europe will use force to solve this , we will face something really bad, 
  yet they are ? 
  even if they received immigrants , do you truly think they would n't bounce back to germany and scandinavia as i already stated ? 
  they 're not paid to stay there . 
  you should n't ? 
  neither it 's our responsibility to shoulder 3rd worlds in here , yet some think it is . 
  but i fear the repercussions will by far , far greater if you do not . 
  well time will tell i suppose , i hardly believe the situation will improve in europe in our generation at least . 
  i 'm going to reply what i replied to another user already : good luck having poland with rest of eastern eu take them , or better yet have the ` refugees ' stay there by their own will . 
  in perfect world situation would look a lot different . 
  sadly this is not that perfect world . 
  is that how you argument , by slandering and ad hominem ? 
  neato i do n't know about you , but say , pew ? 
  has already polled that vast majority of muslims prefer sharia to our laws , so i do n't know whether pointing out that with change of demographics there 's change in culture is somehow related to nazism . 
  but surely you can find another emotional argument , or better yet lash out in tantrum telling how i 'm in the wrong because what i wrote is totally not never going to happen . 
  well , it already is so , not saying or saying it is n't does n't make it any less true . 
  i 'm sure you can convince poland , along with eastern eu to take those millions then . 
  or better yet , have them stay there instead of moving to wonderland of germany or scandinavia . 
  well first of all , you take note of entire eu population , which is intellectually dishonest , since they 're not going to spread evenly . 
  they 're going to go to scandinavia or germany , that holds population of about 110m . 
  now , out of that ~ 110m , roughly 20-10m are of baby making age and if we separate the ` diversity ' out of it , we have about 8-18m left . 
  the number coming here is not really high if you think about it for now , i mean what 's 1-3 million annually to max 18m , right ?!, 
  but then there 's the fact that those 1-3 million annually have more children , which according to scandinavian statistics , do n't pay even their own share , well at least not for 1st , 2nd or 3rd gen immigrants . 
  so we 're stuck here now with ever increasing population , that do not make do even their own weight . 
  or what the hell , everything will be fine , it 's not like there has been wars ever before over something like this . 
  [ denmark population pyramid ] ( https://populationpyramid.net/denmark/2015/ ) [ sweden population pyramid ] ( https://populationpyramid.net/sweden/2015/ ) [ norway population pyramid ] ( https://populationpyramid.net/norway/2015/ ) [ finland population pyramid ] ( https://populationpyramid.net/finland/2015/ ) [ germany population pyramid ] ( https://populationpyramid.net/germany/2015/ ), 
  i highly suggest you take note of the baby making demographic population in germany , and separate the already ` diverse ' population from it . 
  it might surprise you how the numbers we 're taking seem absurd and insanely high, 
  please , germany already destroyed their demographics for ethnic germans . 
  even france has births for mena children increasing annually by about 1 % , and they 're at 31 % now . 
  in few decades you say ? 
  more like in generation . 
  and we 're fast forwarding it by forced immigration + now refugees . 
  even rome fell , nothing will last forever . 
  certainly not a state or power that no longer serves it 's best interest , but rather bow downs for another . 
  yeah yet , but the situation will only escalate to worse , as it has in france , and will continue to do so sadly, 
  this is so sad , i mean jews are already fleeing france because of arguably muslims and now they 're getting thrown shit at them by europeans too ? 
  it 's not really funny if you can use something but emotional arguments or half truths to justify all of this first of all , it 's not 0.1 % , since they 're not evenly spread in europe . 
  sweden took 200k in a population of 10000k in one year alone , before family unifications . 
  effectively doubling their ` teens ' , especially young men . 
  someone has to pay for this , if 50 years of data from scandinavia is enough , it 's not going to be 1st , 2nd or 3rd gen immigrants , since they 're not even pulling their own weight . 
  for any nation , especially welfare one , disparity among iq for people of nation is recipe for disaster , more so for welfare state . 
  historically it has pretty much ended in civil war always and i have no reason to believe reddit and the likes circle jerk will stop it this time either . 
  and why exactly are you so keen on bringing everyone here ? 
  israel does n't take refugees , japan does n't take refugees , china does n't take refugees , south america does n't take refugees . 
  and none of them pay for their and their children 's wellbeing for decades to come . 
  what exactly makes this our burden to take ? 
  i 'm not saying we should n't help them , but we do n't help even fraction of the people who need help , or remove the cause by taking every young man here and leaving every child and woman there . 
  around 4000 ~ died last year coming here , out of 1-1 ,5 m ~ ( 1 000 000 + ) so not really notable amount . 
  if it 's so dangerous , they could stay within the safety of hungary , eastern eu or just refugee camps . 
  gee , it 's almost as if hungary was at war since they ca n't stay there , or in turkey . 
  but considering the crime rates , they easily could 've been killed by each other . 
  if your only argument is emotional and you ca n't base anything on facts why do you even bother discussing about it ? 
  if you want discussion around your emotional arguments go somewhere where you can block the facts , like facebook `` they 'd rather risk their lives than stay in turkey , hungary or in eastern eu . 
  all to get to countries where it truly is safe , like scandinavia or germany , where totally they 're not after social benefits '', 
  indeed , turkey with erdogan eating babies surely poses threat to children everywhere . 
  not to mention the monsters that lurk in southern eu . 
  surely they 're worse threat that people cutting heads for eating pork . 
  the mental gymnastics , 
  just wait for the numbers after brexit fails, 
  what statistics you want ? 
  and if they 're truly , truly fleeing war they would n't leave children and women behind . 
  well that 's assuming they 're the people we 've been told they are . 
  and yeah , wohoo , they 're bringing government sponsored \u2122 person here .
