  that 's from pew research, 
  well you 'll fare better than france in a generation . 
  perhaps at that time the marxist nonsense has died because it became apparent that not all people and cultures are the same . 
  having communism history does that, 
  why 'd they come here if europe is already africa at that time though ? 
  you make it sound as if 200,000 is big number . 
  try 20,000,000 because that 's the number rolling to europe in short time span , how naive are these people ? 
  even the 20,000,000 is low estimate, 
  libya and iraq , i was not talking about us . 
  i thought it was quite apparent , seemingly not . 
  well he ca n't fuck much harder than bush & obama , as their actions directly caused failed states . 
  maybe you should figure out what he 's working on , instead of relying on meme jerk offs ? 
  well certainly not cause brain drain , perhaps help them reconstruct infrastructure ? 
  idk not letting people flee the country and buying their oil might do that you know . . 
  just read the article and make your own conclusion about the situation , whether it 's less than 5,000 , 5,000 , or more than that . 
  how many attacks were prevented last year alone ? 
   how many are going to be able to prevent this year ? 
  pew results disagree with you , in fact later generations are more radical than their parents, 
  read the article , those are what we can be sure of , you can just give estimate on the number, 
  they do have one , the situation and line of work has changed radically for them in the past couple years . 
  atleast that 's official stand from our govt when they 're talking about problems , it 's always how ` things have changed dramatically in sweden ' . 
  they simply did n't sign up for something like this, 
  http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article21737822.ab just google polis sluta or something similiar if you want more, 
  you did n't read the article , right ? 
  like the ones in sweden that are quitting in massive quantities because they ca n't no longer cope with the work ? 
  so in couple weeks in sweden and gb, 
  yes , it 's not like we 're paying for them right now and our crime is directly skyrocketing due to them i do n't really get the europe hate , do you honestly expect me or africa bring more civilized people here ? 
  not to mention if you bring events such as slavery , europe ended it . 
  you realize africa themselves practiced it long before europe came there and long after those left ? 
  what he was arrested for then , what the situation was ? 
  yes the army of three without any real army and excessive immigration population that would riot if you did something drastic, 
  i think we might have criminal rings among 2-6 year olds can you name what the police ordered him to do ? 
  i do n't think it happening in nl is any better , we should n't have something like this in first place, 
  does n't aangehouden translate into arrested ? 
  north korea, 
  seems like regular stuff for multikulti, 
  [ tldr : he was arrested for provocative behavior , for wearing link related hat ] ( http://imgur.com/lu2mfxi ) sad times to live in when burka , niqab , chador or al amira are n't outlawed but wearing plushy hat gets you arrested . 
  do n't get me wrong , anyone can wear them if they want , but i think it 's more than likely that the majority are forced to wear them . 
   `` we do n't want brown people '' without actually saying the words . 
  we already had this rhetoric last summer , just give the translation not what you think it means . 
  not to mention your current govt is afaik , taking children if their parents write something on a facebook . 
  all the while you had goddamn child brides coming in . 
  are you just memeing like a parrot some fucking nonsense or do you actually know what afd stands for ? 
  we 'll still have low skilled works killed in the way of robotics . 
  nothing will change that , whether there 's more and more high grade jobs , time will tell . 
  but if usa sat scores are any indication , immigrants from africa/me wo n't be doing any of those , at least they ca n't compete for those jobs on average . 
  hence , we can assume there 'll be massive amounts of unemployed in the future , due to the fact that there wo n't be but a fraction of the low grade jobs available . 
  bell curve is quite good indication for checking `` qualifications '' for certain jobs . 
  or how many people are capable of doing software engineering for example . 
  i just explained the reasoning behind it , not really complicated to connect the dots here . 
  and you just respond it with ` nope ' and end it with ad hominem ? 
  : s well anyhow , pc and modern day marxism are just way to use the useful idiots . 
  both have been detrimental to the society they 've been in so far . 
  problem is that we did n't have sophisticated robotics before at price most could afford them . 
  the demand for certain types of engineers and programmers increases , but low skilled labor will almost completely vanish due to the fact that humans ca n't compete with it . 
  high quality , low cost vs medium quality , high cost . 
  you will of course need programmers and someone to maintain the robots , but the number will be vastly smaller than the people who were used to manufactore before . 
  yeah you have no fucking idea what you are talking about . 
  fucking colonialism is the burden for whole fucking europe ? 
  where the fuck you learned that ? 
  it 's like europe suddenly is compromised of two countries in us text books ? 
  you just meme around like a fucking parrot some idiotic non-sense with zero value . 
  and then you end it with ' b-but you are mean ' yeah , clearly the worlds most fertile ground , africa is held back by bigoted europeans , if not they 'd be fucking rulers of the world by now . 
  fucking useful idiots . 
  yeah , worked real well for eastern block and finland . 
  now go be idiot somewhere else , it 's not like you can even pretend to know about anything . 
  you realize , that the word slave originates from ` slavs ' in the first place . 
  you do n't know anthing about europe , you just like to meme around like some parrot . 
  and now you come tell that europe must pay for shit france and england did ? 
  yeah , that does not seem to be really something others should pay . 
  then how the actual fuck we 're going to pay for those doctors and for welfare when the situation with immigrants simply does not work ? 
  what kind of work we can offer for millions of people that cant even read , or speak remotely same language . 
  are we going to put doctors and working class people at gun point to provide for the 3rd world habitats that keep flowing unstop to eu then ? 
  scandinavia already has worlds highest taxes , how the actual fuck do you expect us to pay for insane shit like you are proposing , are you insane or do you simply have no idea what you are talking about ? 
  yeah , i 'm mad because people like you , people without slightest idea come fucking meme around how it 's our fucking responsibility to carry fuck ups that your country did , or something england or france did fucking over 4 generations ago . 
  most of the countries in the eu have nothing but misery , to do with colonialism , so lets punish them some more , so there goes your retarded rhetoric . 
  hell , where 's arab & turkish penalties from doing it ? 
  or is this another white privilege item we can have ? 
  and you do n't have free health care or european welfare , should we give up those two completely to immigrants so they 'd integrate ? 
  or perhaps enact harsher laws , perhaps death sentences and life in prison because for 3 fuckups . 
  because we 're missing those , perhaps they 're the factors that help them to integrate . 
  i 'd say europeans managed to integrate to us and back to eu postwar . 
  not to mention jews . 
  but of course people themselves ca n't be blamed , not at all . 
  what comes to admitting people , well you share atleast the culture on a some level , we do not . 
  not to mention its the problems generated by us , not eu that destabilized me , do we really need destabilized eu next ? 
  hence moon is square we can just end the conversation already , you are a troll, 
  well there 's difference between opinion and a fact . 
  thus far you ca n't argue your point of view , hence it 's opinion . 
  if you could argue it , you would already done so . 
  well true , i was just raising a point , though one wrong does not make the other right , that 's true . 
  whether russia is totalitarian in it 's full meaning is left to you argue , as you made the claim . 
  i claimed nothing else that you ca n't make claim if you ca n't argue it , or prove it . 
  well you could just say the same about eu regarding immigration , are we totalitarian when politician speaks against immigration and he 's labeled as whatever they will , islamophobic etc , even if sources such as pew provide solid proof that there 's real problems . 
  it 's almost as if you make it sound like russia has been destabilizing countries past decades , and not usa . 
  i 'm not saying serving the interest of either is good . 
  yet you ca n't argue your case ? 
  hence , moon is square . 
  just because you do n't like them does n't make them totalitarian regime . 
  just saying it does , does not however make it true .
