  [ scandinavian countries got relatively low debt ] ( https://www.google.fi/search?q=eu+debt+map&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=955&amp;tbm=isch&amp;imgil=ltducma1jfcegm%253a%253bm169mxrqyf1cqm%253bhttps%25253a%25252f%25252fbizblogs.fullerton.edu%25252fblog%25252f2014%25252f10%25252f23%25252fputting-the-european-debt-crisis-into-perspective%25252f&amp;source=iu&amp;pf=m&amp;fir=ltducma1jfcegm%253a%252cm169mxrqyf1cqm%252c_&amp;usg=__8bpiovzaswxu7wcu083ctonsqno%3d&amp;ved=0ahukewjt87dnk5plahvdypokht1fcccqyjcija&amp;ei=zbppvtoxlspe6qs9iqw4da#imgrc=cccfflj0ruwdsm%3a ) before this , but there 's already talks about tuition fees and turning education system more like usa . 
  after that , well it 's pretty obvious they 're going after healthcare or welfare, 
  yes , i 'm sure you and they do n't care , but we have something that worked for generations , welfare , healthcare and education provided by state . 
  how much longer we 're going to be able to keep those ? 
  we already had very heavy cuts in education to provide for these people whose motives are at best questionable, 
  [ translation ] ( https://translate.google.de/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.n-tv.de%2fpolitik%2fgericht-hat-keine-zeit-fuer-terrorverdaechtigen-article17079571.html&amp;edit-text= ), 
  it 's weird how these get downvoted to < 50 %, 
  they 're ahead of the curve , if they manage to cull isis out i fully expect that syria will have better prospects than , say france in 100 years of time . 
  people make the nation , when you replace them you replace the nation with something else . 
  yeah i think that 's likely scenario as well , though it wo n't be just that , ` free ' education will also be crippled during the process . 
  well there are enough puppet theater - be/me degrees already so maybe that 's a good thing, 
  by doing what ? 
  i do n't think it 's matter of throwing money at them , it 's more ideological at this point , and in their eyes they 're winning it by spreading to europe as they wish . 
  for how long ? 
  i do n't think we can keep the current situation alive much longer, 
  hey , at least you know who to blame for this, 
  did they forget to put in annually ? 
  ultimately you have n't made case , just assumptions that go against what has already been proven to fail . 
  just because immigrants that have exact same culture as you succeeded , does n't mean you can replicate the results with 3rd world muslims . 
  every part of the world has already deemed muslims unable to integrate , see china , singapore , south america , russia , usa - and now you tell me that we , or better yet you will do any better . 
  hell they are unable to integrate among their sister religions , see kurds or shia/sunni conflicts . 
  well time will tell , but i doubt we 'll do any better than rest of the world . 
  i 'm not saying they all will fail , i 'm saying enough will fail to make the whole project seem like catastrophe, 
  jews have it quite rough , left wants to import muslims that are n't known for their friendly relations with said group , and right wing , well i suppose right wing does n't really like jews and want cheap labor force to drive down wages for simplistic jobs, 
   i said you used weasel words like a politician would . 
  that 's not an ad hominem . 
  that 's calling out a flaw in your argument . 
  it 's no more of an ad hominem than you calling me `` intellectually dishonest '' . 
  very lazy deflection . 
  you should look up definition of ad hominem  you have still failed to produce any actual evidence for your claims . 
  this wave of immigrants is n't the first that has come in big numbers . 
  it is n't the first that has had trouble integrating into a society . 
  it is n't the first that will eventually find its place and help grow the economy . 
  [ here 's net effect on economy in finland on our currently biggest groups annually ] ( http://www.suomenperusta.fi/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/artikkelikuvasalminen3.png ) [ here 's article handling the situation and explaining the socioeconomic factors and how they 've been inherited by later generations , and how it 's likely that the trend wont change among immigrants from mena countries ] ( http://www.uusisuomi.fi/kotimaa/79926-maahanmuutosta-perussuomalainen-laskelma-tama-vertaus-kuumensi-heti ) i ca n't tell how it 's in sweden or norway , but i remember reading about costs in there , it ended up being over one million euros on average for somalis in norway and same for sweden , i 'll try to look it up  the finns who live here in sweden are one of those groups , as a matter of fact . 
  you were viewed as low-life criminal scum who only drank alcohol and commited crimes . 
  we all heard these horror stories about the massive wave of balkan immigrants as well . 
  yet both times everything turned out alright in the end . 
  i see little reason why things will be different this time . 
  so the country that produces one of the best pisa scores in the world , are , or were considered as low-lifes in sweden ? 
  how exactly you come to conclusion that 3rd world , better yet muslims from 3rd world , people with culture wholly different to you will do the same in your society ? 
  need i remind you that we 've shared for hundreds of years the same culture ... not to mention your pisa scores have been going down for over decade now , and you can adjust those scores to the ability to produce middle class , ie the people that are going to provide jobs and taxes . 
  and you should take look at pew results , they show how later generations tend up to be more radical than their parents in eu . 
  that does n't really sound like a good prospect for a country , now does it ? 
  if someone knew how to integrate 3rd world into west it would 've been found out already and the person who found out about it would be extremely wealthy, 
  ad hominem , with no basis other than your personal bias i might add 2 . 
  your article has no relevance to unlimited immigration from me/africa , not to mention it has no mention of having completely different culture to the host country and it was conducted in usa , meaning it most likely handles mexican or south american immigrants . 
  sensational article will be sensational , if we go backwards i 'm sure there was rotherham or one of the tens of other child sex ring scandals just prior to these that has complete ` south asian ' culprits . 
  atleast the other article has date of 2013 ( ? ), 
  so it most likely is related to rotherham . 
  only thing that matters are the policy conducted by govt , media and universities . 
  which would imply that sensational headline has very little importance regarding this conversation . 
  ( why did n't they bother going forth years earlier with said scandals , and only when shit hit the fan they turned their coats ? ), 
  dont be intellectually dishonest and mix all of africa/me to the ` profitable ' genre , we both know that 's not the case , has n't been , and likely the trend wo n't change with automation coming in less than a generation now, 
  i 'm not going to speculate more on the reason why they do support the migration from me or africa , i 've got couple ideas but they usually do n't involve humanitarian reasons . 
  but considering what you have linked are sensational headlines to sell papers , and what , say dawkins describes are two very different situations . 
  i 'm pretty sure we could find couple sensationalist headlines from sweden too . 
  ultimately it 's not the sensational headlines that matter , but political stance from govt , media and universities , which would imply less of your narrative and more of mine . 
  i merely identified regressive left , not left as a whole or i would 've spoken them as such . 
  like i said , you should read what i wrote before presenting arguments . 
  pretty sure communists can be racists too . 
  i already presented my case , if you did n't read it yet , well then you should do it before arguing, 
  what exactly is your point if i pointed out the fallacy of previous poster ? 
  i believe expressions do n't translate that well, 
  impersonating as someone else is illegal in eu but we all know there are people abusing the system . 
  hell i would n't be shocked if someone that has lived in eu for years applied for asylum for spare money, 
  so basically you admit that you have no idea . 
  same people , or group , that advocated lgbt rights are now bringing muslims from 3rd world here in name of being progressive , not to mention questioning it became forbidden , not bringing them but even questioning or criticizing them became taboo by racist rhetoric . 
  see universities , politics and media in uk ( tip rotherham ) . 
  hell they advocate women 's rights and praise islam . 
  and this is not merely uk . 
  yeah , minor internet phenomenon my ass . 
  it 's not like media and politics tried to hide the fault of our most recent arrivals, 
  you have no idea what you are talking about , do you ? 
  we 're not really talking about less than group of 10 people when regressive left is spoken about , are we ? 
  well sometimes removing all the sharp edges from the world is n't good thing , see sweden, 
  inch by inch , lets turn europe into 3rd world, 
  if you have n't noticed the eu is currently having crisis with mental health, 
  but that 's against the law . 
  just like gun laws prevent more shootings , surely making law against isis returning will stop them . 
  are you generalizing less than 10 people to rest of europe ? 
  yeah , i ca n't tell if you are serious and an idiot or just joking . 
  next you tell me that this is totally comparable to the situation with the economic refugees . 
  gee i wonder how this would apply if we asked about the paris attacks . 
  so which it is going to be ? 
  leave it up to sweden to make even bigger joke out of themselves [ sweden finds a way ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skwemvrniom ), 
  mime and a clown , current eu in a nutshell, 
  damn elon musk is great guy why ca n't everyone be like him, 
  just like when people were yelling that there are no women or children among refugees , gee how that ended, 
  no i already explained it to you , i even broke it down to : - nokia - embargo with russia our trade was tied to these two , granted it was n't smart to put all eggs in one basket but it was profitable . 
  you do n't seem very smart if i have to explain the same thing multiple times to you in span of less than hour . . 
  well that 's rich coming from country that 's having trouble keeping police employed because they no longer want to work as police, 
  i already replied you once , but i 'm gon na do it again since it 's fun  it 's real cute how you think country that manages to score one of the top pisa scores is somehow similar to countries with muslim majority , 
  it 's cute how you come into conclusion that country that manages to score one of the best points from eu in pisa is somehow similar to me or africa  well , you are already dropped below eu average on pisa and got bombs going off at what seems to be regular intervals so we 'll see how well you will fare , though who knows ? 
  maybe swedes are just racist enough so the surroundings is the reason what fucked the chances for africans and me immigrants to be engineers once again . 
  - embargo with russia - nokia we can recover from those , you however can not recover as simply from importing 3rd world , if pisa scores are to be believed , which are now in free fall in sweden . 
  you are in much worse situation than we are should we look at prospects for next generation . 
  yeah in 20 years we can be the country next to the country that was insane enough to drive itself into 3rd world country in a generation, 
  - loan money - buy more stuff with no importance or profit - artificially increase gdp for that year that 's brilliant , like taking quickie loan so you can buy new iphone 6ss + + when you already had 6ss + , and your prospects are already fucked, 
  well imagine the situation from 10 years from now , sweden is most definitely not going to be a country you 'd want as neighbor ... 
  2/3 of muslims want sharia law and 2nd/3rd gen immigrants are more radical than their parents , so you could say we 're fucked because of actions today .
