  see france . 
  applying robotics is already feasible its just cheaper to use cheap labor, 
  fuck me , not the most pleasant way to die, 
  brazil only had petty crime and poverty to deal with you on the other hand have home grown , well eu wide terrorism to worry about , and you only need 1-2 attacks to ruin the whole thing oh well , who cares it 's just france, 
  no , they 're just shitposts even stupid puns wont change that, 
  gon na backfire worse than brazil 's olympic games, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heritability_of_iq https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minnesota_transracial_adoption_study sorry to break your bubble, 
  of course , it 's not straightly comparable , i mean the existing infrastructure was devastated by war and the country itself became something like a colony for us after the war , while africa continues receiving trillions in aid for decades and decades now . . 
  do you understand or know what brand is ? 
  i 'm asking something akin a recognizable from africa that 's made by humans rather than naturally made which has nothing to do with innovation, 
   seychelles is considered part of africa , just as the british isles and iceland are part of europe . 
  of course , but saying remote small island , which is not even near africa is impactful or relevant when speaking of statistical data in regards iq/functionality when we do n't have access to iq data is rather voiding the question , is n't it ? 
  comparing it iceland is intellectually dishonest do n't you think , since we do n't have no real data to it, 
   that does n't make it okay , but there 's no reason to fixate on birmingham when you might as well direct your ire at the uk in general , or indeed western europe . 
  indeed , the uk rape capital is northamptonshire , followed by cornwall and devon - some more horrible places . 
  i suppose it 's due to the significant asian community as to why it 's perceived as worse place then , and the fact said asian community has been in news rather frequently from raping little girls, 
  well this is n't really going anywhere , you 're free to believe what you want and there 's no real incentive for me to change your mind . 
  but it leaves the question of why nordic countries , sweden , norway , denmark and finland have their african communities fare so much worse than any other group if it 's environmental thing, 
   if you saw what china is being accused of compared to what proponents of ` white genocide ' you would see that they are n't comparable . 
  on the free tibet site the first statistic they use is that 1 million people died as a result of chinese occupation . 
  of course they are comparable , to what degree is better question  there is a key word in there , intent so we are to used that definition , intent i.e deliberate a change in demographic over time is n't deliberate so would n't be genocide . 
  but there are people that happily proclaim their intent of wiping europeans , this is n't even a secret . 
  for example some more prominent politically active or politicians have been even recorded saying it , google gregor gysi for example proclaiming germans as nazis and it 's a good thing they 're dying out  there is n't anything to discuss , claiming that there is a white genocide is factually wrong . 
  there is a good reason why wikipedia refers to it as the white genocide conspiracy theory and your are a fool for believing in it . 
  but wikipedia is public database who anyone can edit , it 's not exactly reliable source of information for political related matters, 
  well , it 's rather conclusive , is n't it ? 
  no matter how you spin it , if it was merely environmental then should n't the africans in sweden and nordic countries in general thrive instead of being a burden to the society ? 
  not to mention we have data from countries where africans have lived alongside other groups for hundreds of years and still perform worse , whole & both continents of america and south africa namely, 
  i 'm asking for brands not plants , 
  every town and city in uk has asians raping little girls then ? 
  and the transition takes ad infinitum for africans then ? 
  you realize chinese , japanese have drawn the short stick too i mean us nuked japan twice and that 's not so long ago and where are those groups now ? 
  not to mention said segregation & colonialism was n't exclusive to africans , same happened to indians , chinese and japanese too, 
  i see , that would make sense if we were debating about seychelles instead of the continent and the people in it but that 's interesting point , any idea what 's the average iq of seychelles ? 
  of course , by not taking anyone who wants to uk you had immigration procedures , that trimmed people down to the specific group you wanted and the fact that africans in general fare much worse in other western and european countries than other groups on academic fields in general if it was only environmental factors that made possible for africans to ` overtake ' europeans so to say , then why have they not done so everywhere else in europe ? 
  my take is that the group we 're speaking of in uk is limited to the ` cream of the crop ', 
  i suppose having little girls raped by ` asians ' has that effect in general, 
  well then you are only implying that uk has thus far only tightened their immigration net even tighter , and that does n't contradict anything i 've written or prove me wrong and from what i gather , it was during blair that uk had surge of immigration from non-eu countries and before that it was actually quite small , and that 's not so long ago actually, 
  and ? 
  i asked for a source , not your trimmed view or are you suggesting uk did n't have any requirements 10-15 years ago for african immigration so far you 've only proven that uk has tightened their immigration net and from what i gather , it was during blair that uk had surge of immigration from non-eu countries and before that it was actually quite small, 
  you are aware that the africans have n't been under slavery , well not by europeans for a very long time ? 
  and that africans are not the only victims of slavery , a lot of europeans have been slaved . 
  finland for example had more slaves taken than any african country during our worst time , in 1700s , and that did n't impair our mental capacity to to say and finland has n't been independent even 100 years yet . 
   by that logic , the pakistanis and arabs that started this thread should also be the `` cream of the crop '' . 
  the same relatively low standards of entry applied to everyone , they 're all immigrants from former colonies . 
  yes , it 's quite worrisome how badly arabs and pakistanis perform in uk despite being ` cream of the crop ' so to say or why you think other western countries have their african communities perform sadly so badly ? 
  well i only wrote what used to be told us from more liberal news when china started forcing immigration to tibet , that it was genocide of the tibetan people and culture however , you are wrong . 
  as per the legal definition of the genocide there are few that fit the term : http://www.preventgenocide.org/genocide/officialtext-printerfriendly.htm ( a ) killing members of the group ; ( b ) causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ; ( c ) deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ; ( d ) imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ; ( e ) forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . 
  now you could argue that we 're being told that having children is evil and overpopulation will kill us all if we do n't stop having children , which would fit the description in part ( d ) , there are many more examples if you are interested in having discussion about the matter, 
   strict immigration procedures ? 
  that might be the case now but it was n't necessarily true in the past . 
  oh , i 'm intrigued , do share , with actual sources if possible  but seriously , i think it shows that environment must be a very important factor if africans in the uk can do relatively well in exams . 
  why else would they do better in the uk than in africa ? 
  do you think they 're average africans or perhaps they 're cream of the crop ? 
  if your claim would be true , and it was only environment that 's the cause then should n't blacks in usa thrive ? 
  yet they 're performing worse than every other group in academics , crime - well pretty much everything . 
  i 'm aware of that , that 's why i wrote skin color does n't degree anything . 
  but the thing is those africans in uk are n't average sample from africa , are they ? 
  or are they cream of the crop so to say ? 
   the reasons are n't clear , but it does n't imply to me that africans are mentally retarded . 
  nigerians are a particularly strong group in this regard . 
  have you lived in africa and met the average africans then , or have you just met very few africans that have come from strict immigration procedures ? 
  well i suppose it does n't matter since humanitarian immigration is doing its work and we can see the impacts of that in france for example , where the iq is dropping rapidly and you ca n't have the excuse of poor environment etc from france . 
  poor majority that 's oppressed by the minority whites, 
  well i suppose it depends on the perspective , say if you are asian , well it must be pretty great place to live then . 
  skin color is n't the cause of anyone 's iq but however the state or lack of intelligence is most certainly worrisome in africa and as seen by few studies , i 've linked one , neither does the environment have any real impact for example in usa the african community scores very much worse in every academic field than others for example https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heritability_of_iq https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minnesota_transracial_adoption_study, 
   it is impossible to have a country with 65 or lower average iq . 
  it simply could n't function . 
  you think africa is functional today ? 
   it would mean that average citizen would be intellectually disabled , as criterium for that is iq lower than 70 . 
  you mean like they 'd be starving and unable to form civilization and stuff like that ? 
   it would mean that almost every citizen of that country is dumber than almost every citizen of , say , france or whatever . 
  according to this esteemed professor , people with such a low iq would n't be eligible for any job in finland only 11 % of somalis are employed  you 're just trying to justify your blatant racism . 
  name 3 african brands without googling there are more africans than there are europeans + people in canada + usa and they do n't produce even a fraction of the patents , literature , science we do , actually whole of africa produces less patents than say nordic countries , or just a nordic country . 
  but that 's genocide when tibet is made more diverse, 
  what exactly does this measure ? 
  i mean come on , finland before china or russia, 
  you ever get tired of whitewashing ? 
  what 's wrong with fria tider ? 
  anyhow , it 's going to be a bit more work than i 'd like to try find +5 years old article in finnish if the google did n't give me results with few wordings , it was either iltasanomat or iltalehti , both are considered one of the biggest newspapers in finland either way , the spike is there and whether you managed to integrate the people coming , well you are the judge - it 's not my future . 
  there were article about it in finnish , which i vividly remember . 
  here 's picture taken from wiki , showing how you basically skyrocketed your immigration around 2006 https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/invandrare_utvandrare_sverige_1850-2007.svg http://www.friatider.se/reinfeldt-erknner-migrationsuppgrelsen-var-en-bestraffning-av-vljarna i do n't really see why you are so angry , or upset it 's not like any of this is some secret , maybe you do n't really have any dialogue in sweden about immigration , or if you do it 's only about how many and how much you should spent instead of how much you should save or not take, 
  i do n't remember exact year , but before 2015 i think it was 2006 , not sure, 
  what 's there to talk if not his policies ? 
   and what 's the case for the us for example ? 
  i suppose the fact that us would be a lot worse place to live according to any statistic if they had fewer europeans and more people from for example africa of course my view may differ from yours , and i solely create my opinion on statistics regarding education , crime , employment and such you might like more crime , worse education and employment levels , but i however do not . 
  is n't this the guy that `` punished '' swedes by doubling immigration from third world when sd started getting some votes ? 
   maybe you can tell me who the real muslims are . 
  ibadi ? 
  they 're all are , as long they follow their set of beliefs rather than make their own or cut out the unpleasant parts , in all honesty if people would just rather forego religion rather than tailor it , well world would be a better place . 
  then again most of the sects have the bit where they can just martyr themselves to get freebie heaven , which is kind of bad . 
   also as far as i know , all you have to do in order to become a muslim is saying '' `` la ilaha illallah , muhammadun rasulullah '' . 
  believing that there is no other god but allah and that muhammad is his prophet makes you a muslim ; the rest is semantics . 
  that 's like your opinion man . 
  all who follow quran or have read it should know modifying it is blasphemous and it 's supposed to interpret literally , there 's not really much wiggle room for most of the things said in there either . 
  i do n't know why anyone would bother defending it , unless of course they themselves are a muslim . 
  it 's really not ? 
  there 's set of rules to be followed in islam and quran and the moment you stop following those you cease to be muslim , esp . 
  since the book tells you to follow it literally and not to modify it . 
  oh which statistics , would make pretty interesting read,
