  i remember it being about people spreading leaflets and not immigrant hunt, 
  yeah i find it to be more of their reasoning . 
  finland had couple child rapes by immigrants recently and those are extremely rare here , i think those sparked the idea that something has to be done, 
  wasnt that bogus ? 
  well it 's nice to see that the road to hell is still being paved down , even if it 's not with good intentions . 
  things like this make me wish there was hell , though being the edgy atheist that i am , assuming there wo n't be one and realizing we turned our eden into hell makes into depressing thought . 
  well at least the hell will be politically correct so everyone can be equally suffering in there , except if you are brown snowflake that is muslim , somehow you get freepass on things according to the current trend, 
  bring enough people from 3rd world and you end up with 3rd world at your home it seems, 
  yet you can hear akbaring in the video, 
  why is it that always when something shitty happens in eu it involves people yelling akbar thesedays, 
  i mean 2m for germany , it 's easily going to be thrice the number for rest of eu this year if politics dont start to act, 
  just wait , another 2m immigrants and no politic has backbone to put stop to it . 
  that + finance crisis for about 4 countries, 
  it 's funny how russias propaganda news represent the majority in eu , rather than our own news that keep telling how we 're in the wrong and how immigration is great . 
  i think i already explained this , but i can go ahead with 2nd try now , the extremely wealthy , have their wealth tied to business 's and ownership , well most of it anyway . 
  those are already taxed according to the market price , no ? 
  will you make those companies non-profit and doing so , kill those companies ? 
  well that 's the very simplified answer i give you , but there 's more complicated stuff than that of course . 
  but the people that are most affected by this remain the middle class , who in return stay as middle class by offering jobs , allowing them tax breaks allows them more income to invest in their companies , no ? 
  that translates into more jobs . 
  my welfare rhetoric was not that of welfare leeches , but of that state funneling money as they see fit to different people . 
  after all people in welfare are not capable of purchasing land or properties . 
  or if they are , they should n't be on welfare . 
  well that 's the short and simplified answer , if you want i can try explain it more thoroughly if you want to . 
  there 's no real `` tax these people out of their billions button '' in existence , so you should understand that i do n't like the current system either , but fn atleast would make it more tolerable , because current eu is slowly killing middle class , which affects negatively to lower class incomes or amount of jobs in general . 
  because you have control over your external borders , or countries used to have . 
  but you ca n't make business non-profit and tax them to their bones . 
  simply but , most of the wealth is tied to business and ownership , now the income tax is dependent on where those companies are from , of course you can always tax them bit higher , but you ca n't make them non-income , correct ? 
  now imagine billionaire family having thousands of companies spread thorough the world . 
  will you tax those companies to the bone ? 
  why would they invest in your country anymore ? 
  is it legal to kill competition for other companies while taxing one company to the bone ? 
  and yes , i already wrote how this would 99 % affect the middle class , and super rich would have very little impact because of hundreds of things . 
  yes , it 's not credible unless it comes from source like the ones that kept k\u00f6ln hidden for agenda purposes, 
  i 'd be more worried about saudis funding your current parties, 
  http://yle.fi/uutiset/maahanmuuttajien_korkeaan_raiskaustilastoon_ei_loydy_yhta_patevaa_syyta/7877771 says there 's no explanation for 15-17 times higher crime rate in finland after there was no differences between groups but ethnic maybe they just suck ? 
  idk but that 's what the article is saying, 
  [ oh here 's another that cites 9.1 % for 0-4 year olds from population in 2011 for muslims ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/feb/11/muslim-population-england-wales-nearly-doubles-10-years ) so group that did n't even account to 0.5 % of total population in england is now responsible for 9.1 % of all child births , which increase each year . 
  [ and here 's graph for muslim population % by 2030 , which says it will double in size by then , from today ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/files/2012/07/mdii-graphics-webready-86.png ) and regarding socioeconomics , in finland it was found out that after you removed all factors and it came that there was no differences between the groups [ immigrants were found 15-17 more likely in rapes , violent crimes and only difference was ethnicity ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/maahanmuuttajien_korkeaan_raiskaustilastoon_ei_loydy_yhta_patevaa_syyta/7877771 ) i wonder how they will fare once there 's no longer as much jobs available due to automation , but surely the majority are capable of advanced work, 
  you 're from uk , can you give me estimate what the muslim population was in 1970 , today , and in 2060 . 
  do you see worrying trend ? 
  you can look up the numbers for france too if you like . 
  afaik , you got muslim population of roughly 5 % today , and we 're reading about insane shit like child sex gangs , where primary victims are natives and the gangs wholly consist of immigrants or 2nd generation immigrants . 
  what do you think exactly happens when that numbers rises up ? 
  that white supremacy will end and there 's no racism in a world where only western countries are flooded with 3rd world . 
  and how exactly having smaller population is a bad thing considering automation will be widespread within 10-15 years to practically every job there is ? 
  it 's like overpopulation of the world is bad , but we got ta bring 3rd world here so they can have more resources to have more children , while we 'll pay all their welfare and aid . 
  and regards the super rich , you are not exactly well versed in tax havens it seems , they could earn trillions and we do n't have means to tab into that . 
  you literally can not prevent those , it 's fucking lunacy to claim you can , their money is already tied in business 's , will you start ripping those apart and make them non profit ? 
  even if you could tax them to a degree of higher , they 'll simply split the money among the family or their clan . 
  see rothschilds , hell you can look up any of them [ here ] ( http://www.forbes.com/families/list/#tab:overall ) . 
  their proposed tax changes would 99 % affect middle class , perhaps some billionaire who 'd stay in france instead of depositing money in tax haven . 
  it would however have less than < 1 % effect on the billionaires money , that i can guarantee you . 
  so it all turns out what i already wrote , france for french so they wo n't be the projected minority in their own country by next generation ? 
  how exactly is that a bad thing especially when we 're importing people from totally different culture with wholly different values and culture ? 
  giving tax breaks to middle class , how exactly is that bad thing considering that the middle class is disappearing in eu ? 
  middle class produces more jobs than welfare anyways . 
  which in return , produces more taxes . 
  giving people welfare , does not do that . 
  w/e is their stance on gays it wo n't be worse than it will be once the demographics change in favor of muslims in democratic system . 
  that i can 100 % guarantee you . 
  not unless they plan to use kinetic energy by throwing gays from rooftops . 
  what 's detestable about fn ? 
  can you give me concrete stuff and not just assumptions ? 
  afaik they 're just running no more trillions on welfare , france for french , does n't sound too bad to me . 
  and equal amount of people that got told of and removed had replacements by the time you read this article i think you are underestimating the amount of people coming to eu , and from which are ` radicals ' , you should take look at pew polls . 
  they are already replaced by other radical muslims during the time this article was written . 
  taking cup of water from sinking ship does n't truly help if there 's no bottom for said ship . 
  but surely this has nothing to do with islam, 
  yes , because bringing them all here will naturally solve all the problems in their homes and we 're not totally paying for it , so they could instead bring majority of those problems here nope , i think what we 're doing is saving ten so we can bury thousand . 
  and the cost for those ten will be our society to a degree , you are racist btw if you think that 's bad idea . 
  and naturally the best course of action when you are facing hateful ideology is to flee , i mean that 's what europeans did during ww2 , and now we 're all raising nazi flags and thanking the f\u00fchrer for better world . 
  i 'm intrigued in elf ways , i wonder where i can apply for classes, 
  visit islamic countries and tell what you think then , there are still relatively peaceful countries ... 
  i think ... 
  just brought it up as better alternative than slow islamification of next generation, 
  because people did n't think immigration would be at the level it 's today and with the problems it has brought . 
  or that we 'd try import 3rd world into europe either , but people like the one in the article made it happen , that 's why . 
  and it 'll probably get a lot worse before things can even start to change . 
  instead of teaching them english ? 
  well to me it 's starting to sound population replacement and they 're telling it 's easier to start teaching arabic to german minority rather than teaching english to the majority . 
  sounds like civil war in near future , hope not but sounds like it . 
  when there 's millions of immigrants that refuse , or cant speak native the language or even english in the near future , that tells that they 're not going to integrate , not when experts are telling that children should learn arabic instead the minority should learn universal skills like english and language of the country they 're residing in . 
  what 's worst their culture is at best problematic with western values and culture . 
  but what 's sure is that eu will die in near future . 
  no they should n't take any refugees they do n't have papers on . 
  there 's potentially unlimited amount of refugees coming to europe . 
  we ca n't take them all , nor should we . 
  we instead could help camps instead of taking every sorry asshole that claims to be heart surgeon and from syria , but only without papers or ability to read . 
  but instead it 's fine to shower europe with millions of people their country of origin refuses to take back . 
  i 'm not sure if we 're talking about refugee situation or outright invasion . 
  this is pretty vile ... 
  mistake is buying useless junk you do n't need . 
  joining group that glorifies killing infidels is fucking crazy . 
  especially if your meets are being taken care of in eu . 
  how large was muslim community in gb in 1990 and how big it is today ? 
  case and point . 
  what 's the projected population in 2050 or 2080 ? 
  i think we should start asking which country wo n't be islamic at this rate . 
  constant immigration + leeway given by europe to not appear racist today and tomorrow will backfire immensely in generation .
