in southern stockholm , enskeden there has been explosion in sunday evening . 
  after explosion the apartment building catched on fire . 
  rescueapartment ( aka firemen ) got notice of the fire at 23:30 finnish time according to swedish papers expressen and aftonbladet there are no wounded in the explosion according to the explosion and the fire followed by it happened in the apartment building 's office - there has been somesort explosion before the fire , fredrik andresson from stockholm police tells for expressen-magazine now the fire has been got under control . 
  yet it 's not know what caused the explosion and fire . 
  one of the main reasons why sweden used to be really nice place to live was exactly due to relatively high iq and shared goals , something which will be changed in near future . 
  it 's just big taboo to talk about eugenics because people watched too many movies about it that , or because we 're taught growing up how everyone is equal and has same chances , that 's true in society where there 's no ` rich variety ' of iqs and or different goals , like culture or religion . 
  i suppose suppression does that a country , they do n't want to return to the host that keeps fucking them over , good thing you got your own country to fuck over now , eh ? 
  sure , we got attacked , so did rest of eastern europe , you could 've at least not be dick about western help and let allies help us during the war . 
  well you did take lots of children and women , whom ended up being molested and used as labor , i mean if they 're not going to build sweden , who will ? 
  after all sweden has no culture of their own and they 're mere barbarians . 
  oh well we ended up being the only country in europe in eastern front that was n't fucked by communist assholes so all is well . 
  a joke of a nation ? 
  sure , i give you that we 've hit hard since global depression , fall of nokia and now economic sanctions to russia . 
  but we have many things we can be proud of . 
  finland has most olympic medals per capita in the world . 
  we 're scoring top 10 in pisa and only reason why we 're `` low '' in iq measurement because it 's done in army and people underscore so they do n't have to serve full 12 months . 
  we 're i think 5th happiest country in the world and despite `` economic '' troubles we 're still quite rich . 
  now , what will you do in 30-years when your working class retires and you have 4x times mena immigrant children with low pisa scores and relatively high unemployment ? 
  a joke of a nation ? 
  perhaps , at least we 're not sweden in a generation . 
  that 'd be just depressing . 
   in the case soldiers are wounded either emotionally or physically they 're now allowed to flee the battle , unlike previously where they did n't need to attend at all, 
  [ always relevant when talking about swedish military ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw3e64soseg ), 
  take look at immigrant numbers , their birth rates for people below 30 years , then do the same for native hosts . 
  then take look at 1st , 2nd and 3rg gen immigration employment eu wide . 
  then take look at pisa scores eu wide for immigrants and natives then take look at crime statistics that have spread by ethnicity historically split state , by ethnicity will have a lot more troubles . 
  add economic problems and burden to that ? 
  take a look at current france , state of emergency and police patrolling streets , jews literally fleeing the sinking ship not to mention they 'll just create ghettos where they refuges to use any other but arabic so yeah , there 'll be massive segregation yeah , totally not realistic to predict shit to go down in generation, 
  yeah no one is saying we 'll have civil wars tomorrow . 
  but in 20-30 years ? 
  yeah , things will get ugly . 
  there 's no context , yet 60 minutes * from australia * flew there to make story about it ? 
  that 's odd ... 
  just like with gypsies when we were at our peak just like how later generation immigrants are more radicalized in west than their parents yes , totally doable under the fact that immigrants numbers will explode at our hands ( it has n't yet ) when they start having children , and they 're totally going to be integrated into society and not start their own enclaves where they dont need to speak our language or even learn english, 
  what do you think happens when we 're going to face economic * challenges * due to immigrant population exploding at our hands due to births and having fewer tax payers , which leads to major cuts in welfare ? 
  we 're now paying them to behave , and they 're arguably biggest concern even now . 
  australian 60 minutes go to sweden to find out about swedens current immigrant and refugee crisis . 
  because historically ethnic wars have never been a thing , not to mention when economic * challenges * arrive with fewer tax payers , since we import more immigrants and there 's less natives to pay for taxes , it 's not like there ever has been civil wars over ethnic + economic shit going down . 
  take look at crime statistics and tell me how any of that is propaganda or lies . 
  any country that reports ethnicity and has big immigrant population has skewed prison population for immigrants , always . 
   please , there 's no need to throw tantrum like a child . 
  again , emotional arguments backed with insults . 
  it 's almost as if you could n't argument the case and just resort crying like a child :d * but surely i 'm right , as i 've always been , no matter even if i ca n't argument my case or bring in the facts !, 
   please , there 's no need to throw tantrum like a child . 
  all you did was resort to emotional arguments and consider your thoughts as facts . 
  oh and to top it , you end with insults , since you clearly have no way to argument your case in other way , surely we 're racists for not wanting people that commit crimes in here . 
  since its your elections you decide what sort of crimes should merit banishment for life then . 
  oh well i do n't even know why i bothered replying , you are just throwing tantrums like a child and going how your thoughts are facts and how literally everyone that disagrees is a literal hitler . 
  moroccan = nationality religion = not ethnicity i do n't think i can do it more explicit than that . 
  if being moroccan is ethnicity , then every moroccan that comes to nl is not dutch , but moroccan instead and geert is within his right to banish every moroccan out . 
  no matter how long they 've stayed there , or if they could n't speak any other language but dutch and had their lineage going back 500 years in netherlands , since like you put it , they 're moroccans instead , rather than just owning passport, 
  [ well if you say so ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42jpuxjpk0w ) if they act like bandits now when you pay them , what exactly you think happens once your ability to pay them stops ? 
  you do n't need to act like that does n't happen anytime soon . 
  economic meltdown in near future or the simply fact that ethnic swedes ratio will come down will do just that . 
  you do n't need to preach how everything will be okay , when things are not even when you are paying them to behave themselves . 
  how have you come into conclusion that these would n't be counted as rapes in other countries when your police are advising people not to go outside during dark ? 
  `` since i live in caged community there 's no need to fix the problem '' and in couple years they curse how selfish the politicians are for not doing anything in * their caged community *, 
  moroccan is nationality , not ethnicity , just like religion is n't ethnicity . 
  but i suppose logic does n't fit into your narrative do n't we have black germans , jewish germans etc ? 
  or does it happen to be so , that only western countries should , and only we have ` enriched ' populace congratulations , you are either an idiot or pushing agenda , utterly oblivious to the world and people around you . 
  please , there 's no need to throw tantrum like a child . 
  what you fail to realize is that you 've taken people far longer than just last year , which accumulated to 190k , not counting those that decided not to register , from which most are in the group that will have children , while having limited amount of ethnic swedes to pay for it and them this is why i said maybe i was n't clear enough , seems like i could 've clarified this, 
  take look at age pyramid of sweden , birth rates for immigrants from mena countries , birth rates for swedes and the how many immigrants there at baby making age group in sweden . 
  i do n't know if i put it clearly enough , but you 'll see some changes in welfare state in sweden in generation at least . 
  you can only pay for only so many people . 
  just because they came to live in your country does n't mean they 're now part of it , not if they 're not contributing in any way and their very existence is detrimental . 
  said city already had police informing women not to go out at dark while i agree somewhat on the failed state ` acceptance ' , ultimately that is just exaggerating the current trend , which would at some point lead to failed state . 
  ie if you suddenly have too many africans , do you have african culture and economics instead that of western since majority now make up the country from africa . 
  places do n't make culture , people do . 
  while same can not be said about economics fully , it 's still largely , or mostly people . 
  so they 're making up things to report ? 
  or is mainstream media more or less reluctant for various reasons to report this ? 
  say most of us never heard anything outside cologne , yet the same kind of actions took place in other places in same magnitude . 
  same thing with rotherham , most people recognize that name but fail to recognize that it was n't isolated to there only . 
  and because mainstream media is more or less reluctant to report about these , alternative media took the bait to do so . 
  is the quantity at which they report about these somehow relevant ? 
  are they lying about them ? 
  i think it 's limited to this particular city or some cities . 
  i do n't think the problem extends to areas which are n't ... enriched ... yet . 
  while it 's merely my opinion i think jews in france leave due to the fact the economy is collapsing and increasing muslim population will make living there hard . 
  anything serious enough aggravated assault murder rape destruction of property at certain limit dealing drugs, 
   `` they pose several potential risks for native species , competing for space and resources , they can interbreed with local species and produce hybrid species , which we do n't know will be viable or not , '' said dr paul stebbing of the centre for environment , fisheries and aquaculture science . 
  hahahaha oh wow so much for hybrid vigor when it 's about lobsters, 
  wow , big thanks for taking time to write this, 
  it 's already been clarified he wants to deport criminals and take fewer people hardly racist , unless you practice mental gymnastics, 
  we both know that is n't the case after reading the summaries , and you should know better from understanding your own damn language, 
  okay , what that has to do with racism ? 
  no i 'm asking you to link the source , not what you think he said, 
  where does it say that ? 
  and what does your source say then ? 
  is n't kicking out criminals a solution in itself ? 
  i seem to recall one angry russian after you shot down his plane it 's like , you shoot down planes and that russian guy would give out neat explosives and weapons for crazies . 
  well basic explosives , or pressure bombs are so easy to make they would n't need sponsor for those . 
   i ca n't argument , hence i lower myself to ad hominem [ nice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3waoxkomr90 ), 
  no we just do n't like crazies jailing people for things that are not illegal and allowing terrorists to return from isis and getting cozy with tax payers money , see sweden or scandinavia for that . 
  and calling out on these things gets people like you circle jerking how we 're literal hitlers when we speak about them . 
  is that what left does ? 
  circle jerk when someone points out the apparent witch hunts for politicians that are accused of fucking nonsense ? 
  what her policies determine her stance to be on left or right then ? 
  and while it 's true that her stance might have been something but left , her current actions will undermine those .
