  ` the moon is squared sized , because it satisfies the conditions met for the definition . ', 
  still better than saudi money, 
  i like the part where you could n't figure out what i meant with it  but since i 'm not doing riddles , lets just say i do n't like the idea where people are n't responsible for their own actions . 
  and somehow coming from 3rd world country makes you victim . 
  why you think stuff such as rotherham was allowed to happen ? 
  i did say marxist deliberately due to the fact that people expect 3rd world habitats to integrate because ` we 're all the same ' , and when they do n't , they give them immunity for doing whatever they end up accused of . 
  because , dear god if it just so happened that we 're all different , it would totally be out of the question . 
  like i already replied to another user , try pew forum if you think we ca n't generalize the situation . 
  i 'm just going on with what 's already been stated as a fact by non-biased sourced such as pew , and that if integrating people from 3rd world to western society was possible , someone would 've already done it , and consequently become filthy rich by figuring it out . 
  like i already replied to another user , try pew forum if you think we ca n't generalize the situation . 
  i 'm just going on with what 's already been stated as a fact by non-biased sourced such as pew , and that if integrating people from 3rd world to western society was possible , someone would 've already done it , and consequently become filthy rich by figuring it out . 
  yeah i already edited , but seems a moment too late for you to read it  i 'd say trillions of euros is quite hefty sum to use for integration , you could argue it being big integration money too . 
  you could build working infrastructure to the whole north africa or me with that kind of money anyways , it 's useless to argue , you are n't willing to admit that people are responsible for their own actions and it 's always the boogeyman for people such as you , not people themselves . 
  their homes are shitholes because of their actions , not ours ultimately . 
  finland , well and europe was raging shithole 70 years back and suddenly when people from me/africa are coming , it 's going that way again , well you are smart guy , you can probably figure it out . 
  hell , you could name places like japan and australia and still argue africa is better place in regards to building infrastructure , so the real question is why havent they done something about it ? 
  oh yeah , considering 3rd world countries in africa and me , such as zimbabwe receive help and still continue to be the way they are , well that truly speaks more than words . 
  i mean , zimbabwe even went as far as to persecute all europeans , or whites , out of the nation even when they were primarily occupied as farmers . 
  well that ended well if you 've been checking out news . 
  i 'd say trillions of euros is quite hefty sum to use for integration , you could argue it being big integration money too . 
  you could build working infrastructure to the whole north africa or me with that kind of money there are alternative sources for seeing how integration works , such as crime and employment statistics , or education results . 
  all seem to fail if you look at sweden , well europe in general . 
  pew just summed some of these aspects , also they gather polls on different areas so i think it 's most notable , because it shows what they aspire to be , and that 's the scary part . 
  i 'm just going to copy paste  like i already replied to another user , try pew forum if you think we ca n't generalize the situation . 
  i 'm just going on with what 's already been stated as a fact by non-biased sourced such as pew , and that if integrating people from 3rd world to western society was possible , someone would 've already done it , and consequently become filthy rich by figuring it out . 
  try reading the thread then i 'm not going to play as your google if you are too lazy even read the thread, 
  do you have links for that ? 
  sounds pretty fucking horrible, 
  well i waited for the fool to pop out , you can read the thread and find it . 
  you can google it out yourself , but i heard one ` youth ' received new home in great britain . 
  like i already replied to another user , try pew forum if you think we ca n't generalize the situation . 
  i 'm just going on with what 's already been stated as a fact by non-biased sourced such as pew , and that if integrating people from 3rd world to western society was possible , someone would 've already done it , and consequently become filthy rich by figuring it out . 
  try pew forum if you think i 'm biased , you might find them extremely racist in that case . 
  anyhow , nye events are just tip of the iceberg , which would 've been left without presence in news , had it not been for outrage in social media . 
  we can only speculate the amount of shit that 's not being told . 
  i mean , what can one person do at very numerous occasions when they 're told to fuck off by authorities \u00e1la rotherham . 
  try google , it was already publicized to be immigrant . 
  try google , it was already publicized to be immigrant . 
  i do n't think bombings are normal in developed world , nor is the state of police & need for police in sweden . 
  sweden becoming a fucking 3rd world country, 
  i agree . 
  i think police is on it too , at night they wank ethnics and place the semen in the racist women and after they report it as crime and totally innocent man goes to jail . 
  ` if we knew how to integrate people from 3rd world into the western society , someone would have already figured it out . ', 
  even singapore admitted they ca n't do it with muslims , arguably they 're best in integrating people from different cultures , but they ca n't do it . 
  yet you tell me we can do it here ? 
  finland has taken about 2,000 immigrants outside eu annually and we have used more or less ` scandinavian method ' to integrate . 
  the outcome from that is , they commit violent/sexual crimes 15-17 more likely than natives when there 's no socioeconomic factors in play , and only difference is ethnicity . 
  not to mention our biggest groups , iraqis , somalis , afghans are employed at 13 % , 13 % , 17 % . 
  so what exactly is the number you can integrate these people ? 
  if 2,000 is too much for country of five million , what exactly is the number you can claim to be integrated ? 
  if there 's such way , you should share your fairy story and possibly be very very rich by marketing it . 
  if there was way to integrate 3rd world habitats to western world , someone would 've already figured it out . 
  actions themselves speak more than words this time . 
  the real question is how long we 're going to pretend the problem will go away as long we wait rather than accept the problem itself . 
  perhaps it 's not political but rather groups of people and culture are the reason why this is happening ? 
  or are you saying that hiring enough police would stop these things ? 
  if so , can you give me estimate how much of people you 'd need to police those groups , or people who share same cultural traits . 
  - `` nothing will change '' even bombings are normal now . 
  what a time to live . 
  - `` nothing will change , nope not at all '' - here 's dose of common sense, 
   yeah , it 's not like the amount of tax payers will turn lesser in the future , and welfare recipients with ` slightly ' varying cultures & habits increase in the future , pretty fucking good prospects there for a country . 
  it 's called common sense, 
  yeah , it 's not like the amount of tax payers will turn lesser in the future , and welfare recipients with ` slightly ' varying cultures & habits increase in the future , pretty fucking good prospects there for a country . 
  yes , it 's not like you are taking more and more each year and it 's not like they wo n't increase tenfold each generation , no not at all . 
  it 's not like they magically lose their culture & habits after certain time . 
  it 's not like this was n't already polled by sites like pew . 
  nope . 
   ` turning real fast ' it 's not like they got group that causes most of the problems , which also happens to increase in number by generation almost tenfold but hey , surely sweden will be the pinnacle of the western society it was 10-years ago even 15 years from now ... , 
  are people outraged because of the situation or because of the image used as metaphor ? 
  sweden turning real fast into a shithole, 
  what a fucking shit hole sweden is turning into, 
  just replying to the jargon that blames putin for everything . 
  sure he might have hand in it , but ultimately eu being the fool is the core reason for this . 
  badly implemented system , idiotic laws and so on . 
  anything that has something to do with common sense has been replaced with something idiotic . 
  why you think that ? 
  is this during july or before march ? 
  far right in the internet thinks that the birds are metaphor for europe and green pigs are metaphor for islamic immigrants . 
  red colored red adventures in the movie with black and yellow bird . 
  reference for the flag of germany ? 
  international trailer was published in late january . 
  fusion-website tells , that after publishment far right websites have been in touch with them regarding the plot of the movie . 
  according to them angry birds plot is metaphor to european political climate and represents anti-immigration . 
  the message of the movie has been interpret to support in secret anti-immigration racist and islamophobic views . 
  angry birds protagonist is red colored bird red , who lives in island with other happy birds . 
  red however gets bullied by others , among other reasons , because of his eye brows . 
  suddenly green pigs arrive to the island , whom the birds welcome warmly . 
  red however is suspicious and ponders motives of the pigs . 
  red wonders , that the purpose of the pigs is to steal the eggs from island . 
  red decides with other outcast birds to rescue the island . 
  far-rights have been pointed in their views among others , that leader pigs have beard and explosives , so this can be interpret all muslims . 
  red colored red in the main cast there 's yellow and black bird , so together they form the colors of german flag , which has been seen to indicate nazism or far-right ism . 
  women bird whom get harassed by pigs has been seen to be metaphor for sexual harassment of the immigrants . 
  unknown pig groups arrival to the island with unknown motive has been seen as metaphor among far-right groups for the situation in europe . 
  many remind in the internet , that the movie is childrens movie , which is supposed to sell movie tickets and merchandise and toys , and not deliver secret message . 
  `` it 's putins fault that we got retarded refugee policy '' `` it 's putins fault that we do n't have any fucking common sense '' every fucking day feels like reading the onion . 
  lol i read that there were no police reports about it . 
  what a fucking shit hole sweden has become , if that 's true and people wont report groups beating others . 
  not to mention even having those . 
  okay , did you see it happen , or how is that related ?
