  what aspects of southern italy 's culture are not european ? 
  i 'm eager to know . 
  this is exactly what happened with my high school teacher . 
  she was old and had this obsolete method of teaching english literature by reading out loud in english ( with a shitty pronunciation btw ) while explaining the meaning of the text in italian . 
  she was quite competent in grammar though , nonetheless it 's not difficult to see the pointlessness of this kind of teaching . 
  the problem is that we are not exposed to the language neither in school nor in daily life , since we have the habit of dubbing everything . 
  in particular at school it all remains like in a box : we learn grammar and we study english literature , but we do n't have the opportunity to train or test our knowledge since even our professors talk in italian during lectures . 
  let alone the study of pronunciation . 
  i had a professor who taught me that `` sheet '' and `` shit '' , `` bad '' and `` bed '' are homophones ... 
  oh yes , if it were n't for american and english tv shows i 'd know nothing about english , despite the fact that i studied it for almost 13 years . 
  for example we 're not taught how to pronounce words nor we are prepared to hold a conversation with an english speaker . 
  no doubt about it , the study of foreign languages is by far the worst aspect of our education system . 
  i thoroughly agree . 
  i could n't have said it better . 
  we 're also stuck into the idea of difficult = good . 
  everytime people try to defend our education system , the main argument is that our school are more difficult than the ones of most of the countries as if it was a certification of quality instead of a signal of outdated teaching approach . 
  and as you pointed out our system is humanistic oriented , too . 
  even in `` liceo scientifico '' , which i attended , it was put more effort into studying latin than into studying chemistry or physics . 
  and as a fact i actually spent more time attending `` art history '' lectures than biology lectures . 
  yes he did , but my point is that he did it too late . 
  i do n't have anything against platini per se but he stayed close to blatter until the news about the fbi investigations came out , even though the rumors about blatter and corruption were far from news . 
  it 's impossible to convince me that platini and valcke were in the dark about blatter 's `` maneuvers '' until the very end . 
  i mean it has been years since the first rumors about fifa corruption started to spread to the public opinion and the medias , so even if they had nothing to do with the allegations , they still should have kept distance from blatter and pushed for a general `` renovation '' of fifa . 
  but they obviously did n't , so the options are two : they 're either stupid or conniving , but in both cases they need to be substituted . 
  they should have been sacked not suspended , but still a good news . 
  to lead one must possess credibility and trustworthiness , something italy has n't had for the past 20 years . 
  no surprise here . 
  yeah i hope so , otherwise one should question the mental faculties of some people . 
  wow , this is so stupid on so many levels ... 
  i thought it was common in slovenia to despise italians and in fact i was expecting bad stereotypes . 
  i guess i was wrong . 
  well , italy is still the 8th largest economy in the world . 
  which he can not have . 
  our constitution specifically forbids such kind of referenda , so it 's all just wishful thinking on grillo 's part . 
  i do n't mind french orthography at all and actually i think it 's very elegant and useful ( as you already said , it helps to create mental connections between italian words and the otherwise unrecognisable french words ) . 
  it 's obviously kind of difficult to always know how to write a word in french , as several letters can make up the same sound , but at least the reading part is quite simple , being the pronunciation rules very consistent . 
  still , for an italian speaker , spanish is a lot easier to write or speak than french . 
  yes it 's true that french underwent some big phonetic changes during its history , but so did portuguese ( less than franch though ) , yet i do n't think of anybody who would question the fact that spanish and portuguese are extremely similar langauges in spite their different pronunciations . 
  as i 'm not disputing the fact that spanish and italian are also very similar languages , they 're just less so than french and italian . 
  then of course , given a word shared by the three of them , nine times out of ten that word in italian will resembles its spanish counterpart rather than it 's french one : * * mano * ( it . 
  vs * main * ( fr . ), 
  `` hand '' ; * * mese * ( it . ), 
  and * mes * ( sp . ), 
  `` month '' ; * * acqua * ( it . ), 
  and * agua * ( sp . ), 
  vs * eau * ( fr . ), 
  `` water '' ; etc etc. 
  is it catalan ? 
  does your username mean * bottle srew * ? 
  because it looks very similar to how i would say bottle screw in my dialect : `` tirebbusci\u00f2 '' . 
  on that note , few people know that italian and french are actually more akin to each other than either is to spanish . 
  the only `` problem '' is french weird pronunciation which hinders oral comprehension between us and them ; on the other hand the extremely similar pronunciations of spanish and italian give the false impression of a bigger similarity of the two , despite a lower amount of shared vocabulary and grammar . 
  if we are talking about accents * strictu sensu * , then in italy they do n't change that much from one another , or at least they are not as divergent as , say , liverpool vs london accents are . 
  dialects are a whole other issue , being them more akin to actual languages rather than just local variations of the common language ( italian ) . 
  i did n't expect the uk to be so low on the list . 
  considering tidal and wind power availability , they could reach a much higher percentage of energy produced from renewable sources than they do now . 
  san marino , you have the best neighbours ever . 
  my mistake , switzerland and the uk should be fourth/fifth and not third/fourth . 
  according to this study ( global youth development index and report 2016 ) , germany is the best country in the world to be a young person . 
  the parametres include : education , healthcare , employment level , financial inclusion for a total of 18 indicators . 
  out of the first ten best countries in the world , eight are european : 1 ) germany ; 2 ) denmark ; 4-5 ) switzerland and the uk ; 6 ) netherlands ; 7 ) austria ; 8 ) luxembourg ; 9 ) portugal . 
  edit : ch and uk are fourth/fifth and not third/fourth . 
  wait , where does fava mean vagina ? 
  if anything it 's a vulgar way to call the glans , like in * puppami la fava * ( suck my dick ) . 
  okey , it could mean something for the left , i wo n't deny that , but there is no way in hell that obama 's support will do any favour to renzi in the referendum . 
  no matter what , right wingers ( leghisti , berlusconiani ect ) , communists ( sel ) and * grillini * wo n't change their vote in the referendum because obama said that he approves what renzi has achieved thus far . 
  it wo n't , though . 
  renzi will still try to use obama 's support in his favour but it will likely have no tangible effect on the referendum results . 
   do statements by obama have weight in italy ? 
  no , they do n't ( and wo n't ) have any weight whatsoever . 
  rest assured though that renzi will try to use this endorsement to shift votes in the incoming referendum . 
  edit : ma cosa cavolo vi downvotate ? 
  absolutely . 
  i guess i just wanted to be a little pedantic . 
  it 's a cool map , but some things on it are quite off . 
  for example , there are lakes portrayed on the map which at the time did n't exist while , at the same times , there are others which did exist back then that are somehow missing . 
  i 'm thinking about the manmade lake of capestrano in abruzzo ( central italian ) , between the towns of * amiternum * and * interamnia praetuttiorum * , which did n't exist during the roman times , yet it 's shown on the map ; or i 'm thinking about the lake * fucinus * , near * alba fucens * ( central italy ) , which on the contrary did exist during roman times but today does n't ( it was drained in the late 19th century ) , that is absent on the map . 
  small details , but still quite significant . 
  anyhow , i really do appreciate the huge effort profused by the creators of this map . 
   but i am not stating if this is bad , good or neutral . 
  in which case i 'm sorry . 
  i completely misunderstood your point . 
   shaping dna what 's the problem with that ? 
   invented by italian immigrants , sure , but it 's not italian . 
  ahahahahahahahah sure ... 
  the word pizza dates back to 997 ; marinara pizza was invented in 1734 ( the us did n't even exist ) ; margherita pizza ( the most famous pizza recipe ) was created in the early 19th century and it got its name in 1889 , in honour of queen margherita of italy who was visiting naples at the time ; the first wave of italian immigrants arrived in america after 1861 . 
  but sure , pizza is an american recipe . 
  and you did n't even talk about the other matteo , which is probably worse than m5s . 
  and that 's quite a feat ... 
  ok , those were the number i expected for scandinavia . 
  glad there are still many wild animals roaming freely in sweden !, 
  i hope they 'll eventually come to their senses and rethink about the whole thing . 
  btw i do n't know why but i 've always imagined scandinavia to be full of wolves and other wild animals , with their forests and shit . 
  after all , even italy has something like 2000 wolves . 
  well , this should only account for the wars that we know of . 
  considering that in much of africa and america ( both north and south america ) writing developed much later than in the fertile crescent , in china , in india and then in europe , i 'd imagine that most of the wars fought there before its spread would be unkown to us . 
  especially in a place like africa , which is a clusterfuck of languages , peoples , religions i 'd expect a much higher density of conflicts throughout history . 
  also asia seems way too peaceful from this map . 
  you 're obviously right . 
  but turin on the same level of palermo and naples is still totally shocking for me !,
