the usual stuff : corruption , bribery , mafia . 
  basically i do n't want ` ndrangheta s.p.a. to win contracts , as it usually does when there are events like this one . 
  oh god . 
  let 's hope the olympic committee chooses someone else . 
  * risorgimento , aka italian unification . 
  * anni di piombo ( years of lead in english ) , especially for the role played by italian secret services and cia . 
  * the assassination of italian antimafia magistrates giovanni falcone and paolo borsellino . 
   hm fear of communism one of the causes for your corruption ? 
  i mean this is horrible excuse really :d imagine one of your top politician saying this or admiting this :d haha . 
  really hard to believe . 
   centralism in rome ? 
  mainly this . 
  after all naples became the most populous city in italy simply because she was the capital of the biggest country prior to the unification . 
  for the same reason she became the richest , since all the money of the kingdom ended up in the capital . 
  palermo was the same until the kingdom of naples and the kingdom of sicily united to form the kingdom of the two sicilies , after this event palermo slowly became poorer and poorer . 
  the unification also meant for the southern industry to compete in a free market with that of the north . 
  eventually , industry and agricolture in the former kingdom of the 2 sicilies collapsed , due the pressure exerted by those of the more advanced north . 
  now , being naples the biggest industrial hub of s.i. 
  and having lost her role as a capital city , she started to decay just like palermo did before her . 
  finally in ww2 naples was heavily bombed by the allies . 
  in all of this the camorra thrived and eventually obtained the upper hand in the city , becoming a sort of `` state in the state '' . 
   i meant you are as corrupted as we are in post-communist countries . 
  actually the fear of communism may have been one of the causes which made corruption in italy so widespread . 
  in fact the christian democracy party , whose members had ruled the country since the end of ww2 until the 90 's ( almost uninterruptedly ) , used vote exchange to secure the elections , also by making deals with the mafias . 
   weren \u00b4 t northern major cities - more advanced and richer than rome for centuries prior to reunification ? 
  yes they were . 
  generally northern italy has been richer than central/southern italy for quite some time now , perhaps since the 15th century . 
  the only exception were naples , the richest city in italy until 1870/1880 circa , and palermo . 
  rome had a huge boost during the renaissance expressed by the flourishing of the arts of the period , suddenly followed by stagnation and decay after the 17th century , but economically she has been poorer than milan , probably since the late middle ages . 
  yes , that is true . 
  but you have to consider that it was difficult for naples to sink any lower . 
   that we are in post-communist countries . 
  i 'm sorry , can you expand on that ? 
   also milan is culturally little bit different - northern regions were always more advanced , richer , culturally closer to germans , french and so on . 
  i 'm not entirely sure about that . 
  considering only the modern era ( so after 1550 circa ) naples has always been bigger , richer and culturally more advanced than milan until the last decades of the 19th century . 
  rome was fairly rich and held a prominent position in culture and arts in italy and europe , too . 
  in fact she became the most important city of the renaissance era at the end of the 15th century , but later , with the counter reformation , she went into progressive decay which persisted until the italian conquest of the papal state in 1871 . 
  during this period milan was far from being a poor or irrelevant city , but for sure was less important in the italian scenery than naples was ( economically-wise and culturally-wise ) , more on par with rome . 
  today naples has become an ungovernable city , poor and ugly ( a shame because it could be one of the most beautiful cities in europe ) and rome is following her path . 
  milan on the other hand has been able to make the best of every opportunities it had in the last 30 years , managing to become the first truly global city of the country . 
  i love rome and i think that it 's the most beautiful city in the world . 
  that 's the reason for which i 've been so harsh on her . 
  have you ever been to rome ? 
  compared to how messy that city is , milan looks like zurich . 
  milan is way more efficiently run than rome and also , if i may say , its inhabitants are more respectful of their city than the romans are . 
  in many parts of the country rome is considered as a money black hole ( roma ladrona , `` rome the thief '' ) , crippled with inefficient bureaucrats and rampant corruption . 
  and indeed , in those aspects , can be drawn many more comparisons with naples , basically a failed city , than with milan . 
   the rest of the city , instead of being rebuilt , was shat all over with hideous commieblocks . 
  that 's fairly common in most european cities destroyed in ww2 . 
  look at naples and palermo in italy , or southampton and birmingham ( the latter being probably the ugliest city i 've ever been to ) in the uk , and you 'll see many gems hidden by authentic monstrosities built after the war to allocate their growing populations . 
  honestly warsaw did n't give me the impression of an ugly city on the extent of those i mentioned before . 
  oh my bad , i did n't think about that . 
  yes this itinerary along the coasts will be pretty cool , especially on the ligurian riviera . 
  both the tyrrhenian and the ligurian seas can offer very suggestive views . 
  if you are going to go by train , you wo n't pass by the sea , as you can see [ here ] ( https://www.google.it/maps/dir/venezia,+ve/roma,+rm/@43.6754839,9.6372803,7z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m14!4m13!1m5!1m1!1s0x477eb1daf1d63d89:0x7ba3c6f0bd92102f!2m2!1d12.3155151!2d45.4408474!1m5!1m1!1s0x132f6196f9928ebb:0xb90f770693656e38!2m2!1d12.4963655!2d41.9027835!3e3 ), 
  i would skip milan and go to bologna and florence , both on the way to rome . 
  personally i think they 're far more interesting than milan ( especially florence ) . 
  * the [ kidnapping of aldo moro ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kidnapping_of_aldo_moro ) , italy 's former prime minister , which lasted for 55 days and resulted in the death of moro . 
  p2 , cosa nostra , sismi ( italian intelligence agency ) have all been accused of having played a role in the kidnapping . 
  * [ via d'amelio massacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/via_d%27amelio_bombing ) occurred in 1992 when the italian magistrate paolo borsellino was killed by cosa nostra . 
  some italian officials have been accused of some kind of involvement in his assassination , due to his opposition to the obscure state-mafia negotiation . 
   why do you need that when you have the vatican and the mafia ? 
  silly french , you ca n't ever have too many of these ... 
   most of the people making the crossing are n't libyan , and a lot have gone to libya despite the chaos there just to make the crossing . 
  i say rescue them , then send them straight home . 
  you 're right , they are not libyan ; they 're mostly from eritrea , nigeria and somalia . 
  the first one is a country whose regime resembles a lot that of north korea ; the second is a country where the jihadist group boko haram has created a humanitarian emergency with some 2.3 million displaced since 2009 ; the third one is a country that has been consumed by 20 years of civil war . 
  you can see by yourself how difficult it is to `` send them straight home '' , when most of these people have all the rights to apply for asylum . 
  we are stuck between a rock and a hard place but , obviously , that is our own fault . 
  as usual , if i may add ... 
   the italian government is to blame for the rise in mediterranean crossings , starting with the mare nostrum project they had a couple of years ago . 
  oh really ? 
  what were we supposed to do , let them drown like animals ? 
  we had a deal with gaddafi and with him dead we could n't do anything but helping those people . 
   $ 51,663 fuckin ' luxembourgers with their big fat earnings . 
   pls visit italy [ i could n't keep myself from posting this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v12ghf6g1ks ), 
   buddy , italy is for spain as albania is for you . 
  let 's be clear . 
  italy is the mexico of europe . 
   a country with more than 20 million people more than spain and has not any city ranked at top ten of rich cities in eu . 
  spain has 3 : madrid ( 3 ) , barcelona ( 5 ) , valencia ( 7 ) . 
  porqu\u00e9 las referencias que tengo yo confutan lo que dices : [ 1 ] ( http://www.worldsrichestcountries.com/worlds-richest-cities.html ) [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_metropolitan_areas_in_the_european_union_by_gdp )  spain has 2 cities including in the top 50 of the best liveabible cities in the world : madrid ( 14 ) , barcelona ( 17 ) . spain always was , is and will be better ranked that italy as human development countries . 
  spain ranked the number 9 at and 11 at 2008 ( before the world crisis ) , in the other hand italy the best ranked by human development was at 2007 ranked at the number 18 . 
   spain at that time was living insolated of europe and the rest of the world because we had a dictatorial regime and we did n't get any fund or `` extra money '' as your country did to be the littel dog of usa . 
   by the way , in earlys 60 , spain was the 2 economy in the world in faster growing at 7 % annual just compared with japan that lead the world at that time . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_economic_miracle )  how many italians are working as a cheap workes all over europe ?? 
  millions . 
  how many italians are cleaning toilets , or washing dishes in uk or germany ??? 
  millions of you guys that begging as mexicans are doing in usa . 
   spain are playing as the same league than usa , canada , japan , germany or france . 
  italy just coming to the same meeting to cooking spaguettis and lagsana for us . 
  mr spaguetti or mr mafia with dark skin ah ah ah muy c\u00f3mico . 
   all economic projections show italy is goig nowhere but down . 
  there is no investment in research , half of your population is functionally illiterate , the economy is crippled by high taxation , corruption and inefficiency , you have a demographic bomb . 
  that 's for sure . 
  if you actually cared to read my posts you would find out that i was critical of the italian position in the matter . 
  for me our way of thinking is what keeps us from improving since it prevents us from addressing successfully the dire conditions of our economy . 
   but italians need to wake up to the reality of their situation , instead of living in la la land . 
  no , we do n't live in la la land .
