no tanks, 
  tanks for that, 
  i saw an episode of top gear dedicated to what vehicles the british produce . 
  i was very impressed . 
  the segment : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmcmqtau6b8, 
  haha i totally misread the title : / umm . . lets say french onion soup , or beef stroganoff . 
  also , for dessert , a pastel de nata sprinkled with cinanmon , served with a bica ( short espresso ), 
  portugal : bacalhau \u00e0 br\u00e1s : salted-dried codfish ( hydrated overnight ) , onions , thin bits of potato , bound by egg . 
  edit : all fried up, 
  how about the poor bastards who live in ukraine ? 
  does no one care about them ? 
  they 're fucked , imo , and people only talk about geopolitical chess bullshit . 
  russia is an important energy supplier for western europe . 
  any move to impose sanctions on russia will be met with energy shortages , i think . 
  can someone expound on this point ? 
  not cool , google . 
  hey man . 
  not cool . 
  but pretty accurate : /, 
  come on man , its not really acceptable . 
  and even if it were , you 're better than that , right ? 
  wow, 
  redditor for 6 months , only comment . 
  lol . 
  i do n't think i can go to work in my football team 's uniform though . 
  no , it was n't that . 
  i think the system by which they calculated the pension was changed from ( if i remember correctly ) 60 % of avg wage of your top 5 earning years , to a percentage ( also 60 % , i think ) of the average of her entire career . 
  she started in the foreign ministry in the 70 's , so when you average it out , i think she loses 40 % of her pension . 
  again , i 'm fuzzy on the details because she does n't like talking to me about her money . 
  edit : i should say my mother is well taken care of financially , she doesnt depend on it . 
  but it 's an example of how brutal this is for those not as fortunate as her . 
  austerity cuts have devastated my mother 's gov ' t pension . 
  i do n't know very much about economics , but this seems quite unfair on her . 
  wow . 
  disgraceful . 
  some people do n't like them for sure ... 
  i love france though , 
  let them try to take it lol, 
  who will they look down on after they annex portugal ? 
  por ` tuga ' l, 
  barrel bombs are very different because they are completely unguided and filled with all sorts of high explosive/chemical/incindiery materials . 
  this is some ww2 type bombing . 
  and when you drop them in highly populated areas , you cause a tremendous amount of collateral damage compared to what militaries use , which are guided munitions . 
  edit : for example , assad filled them with chlorine gas . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/checkpoint/wp/2015/06/17/house-witnesses-describe-use-of-chlorine-gas-in-barrel-bombs-by-assad-regime-in-syria/ edit2 : if you have time , or care , here is a good description : https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/30v7xn/discussion_why_barrel_bombs_are_nothing_similar/, 
  as am i my friend . 
  i understand the feelings you 're expressing , but i feel it 's necessary to point out that assad is responsible for the vast majority of deaths in the syrian civil war . 
  i think of roughly 250,000 deaths , assad 's forces are responsible for 80 % . 
  on top of that , he drops barrel bombs on apartment buildings full of civilians . 
  as terrible as isis is , they are nothing compared to the brutality of assad . 
  edit : i dont have the numbers with me , so 80 % is a rough estimate on my part , it could be lower or higher . 
  `` positive discrimination '', 
  sup usa ? 
  i heard you need an atlantic port . 
  dm me if you want to work something out , 
  even the us military uses metric . 
  ah yes , russian prominence . 
  blink twice if the russians are making you type that . 
  so sad that he was stripped of his position and died in poverty - esp because he had 15 children . 
  what a shame . 
  i think he 's wondering : if it were a german plane , is the german gov ' t is better positioned to respond to russia aggression than the dutch ? 
  seeing as how russia makes up an important part of your ( and russia 's ) economy , i would guess a small increase in sanctions against russian business interests would be the proportional response from germany . 
  not much else you could do , right ? 
  thats crazy . 
  ya , i realised you meant that after i hit submit  im not trying to be pedantic !, 
  at least two * foreign * languages, 
  good . 
  i 'd be real pissed off if they came down hard on spain . 
  indeed . 
  i would suggest that in areas with larger muslims populations ( e.g. 
  paris banlieue ) a muslim woman taking the rer into the city center could absolutely be insulted regularly , if not everyday . 
  some people perceive insults to varying degrees . 
  maybe you have a different one from the lady interviewed ? 
  i agree with most of what you say . 
  they are painting this from the american perspective . 
  i think the nyt expects european countries to act in a manner commensurate with their ( both parties ' ) liberal values . 
  you 're right , the nyt suffers from liberal intolerance , but i think that 's a function of the insanity they face domestically from the fox newses . 
  to each their own i guess . 
  i read the wall st journal all the time because of their fantastic reporting , but you 'll never see me reading their editorials . 
  maybe thats your stance with the nyt . 
  that someone can get away with insulting a muslim woman ? 
  how is that unbelievable in our current environment ? 
  what is your paper of reference , just so i have an idea of who i 'm talking to here , because the nyt is a lot of things , but awful is not one . 
  ok . tell me about your experience as a muslim woman in france . 
  im surprised the nyt didnt contact you . 
  itt : nyt is literally terrible . 
  what a joke . 
  do you even read the nyt regularly , or only when an article or op-ed gets posted here ? 
  edit : i almost forgot this is / r/europe . 
  that 's all i needed to know . 
  because there is only one . 
  smh . 
  edit : sorry , my original comment was snarky . 
  i just mean , there are multiple schools of pizza in the us . 
  the biggest `` battle '' is between ny style and chicago style . 
  i dont think there is an `` american '' style , is there ? 
  maybe italians just think ny style is us style . 
  perhaps . 
  maybe they have a credible threat they are worried about . 
  good for them if so .
