still is to me , buddy . 
  that 's ... not at all what i want, 
  he did n't seem upset to me . 
  it 's just that op mentioned that there is no differentiation between ethnic russians and citizens of russia . 
  which there is for example with britons . 
  ethnic britons are anglo-saxon . 
  people with a british nationality are , indeed , britons . 
  jesus that would be hilarious . 
  i absolutely love that it says inter ** american **, 
  i should have said partially , that 's true . 
  still , being in the european single market has helped immensely . 
  you do realise that a big part of the growth since the 80s can actually be attributed to the uk joining the eu in 1974 , right ? 
  it is rational . 
  i do n't want the eu to fall apart . 
  as not a brit , i hope you do n't . 
  not because i have anything against brits , but because i got something against brexit . 
  1 and 4 are both illegal under international law ... not ( only ) european ... 
  but then should n't almost every single american hate the brits ? 
  so did the volkskrant , which is a relatively higher middle class paper ( i would estimate ), 
  but ... statehood was kicked off in 1648, 
  having no spine is kind of being incompetent tbh, 
  basically my second paragraph . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/conservative_liberalism ) is rather accurate . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/paleoconservatism ) rougly describes what is mostly meant when people talk of conservatism . 
  note that conservative liberalism mostly emphasizes the liberal part , whereas conservatism mostly aims at maintaining one 's indigenous culture . 
  leiden represent, 
  1 his party is n't sold out 2 vvd is n't a conservative party , they 're ( or we , i 'm a partymember ) conservative liberals . 
  there 's a big difference . 
  the coolest thing is that my city is split between what was and was n't roman . 
  north of the rhine ( that or the maas i 'm bad at geography ) was n't , south of the rhine , where i barely live , was roman . 
  maybe 2000 years ago where i 'm sitting right now stood a centurio , watching over the saxons to make sure they do n't try and take their land back . 
  i like ancient history . 
  does n't that just have to with the first language being english and the culture being western-european ( or , originating from western-europe in the case of the usa and ca ) ? 
  ^ ^ ^ pleasedontkillmeifisaidanythingwrong, 
  damn finland, 
  i mean ... 
  there 's as much to be done here as in japan . 
  it 's just that it 's more mundane to us . 
  i just wanted to add that , at least in the netherlands , you really need to say some racist ass shit before being convicted for hate speech . 
  you do n't just get locked up for saying you do n't like muslims or something . 
  it 's still called the anglosphere or something though or am i mistaken ? 
  it 's the exact same in the netherlands . 
  on one hand i understand the push for job security , but it 's shown to have gone too far . 
  but most left-wing voters still defend it , and i just do n't understand . 
  strict firing regulations have failed ( in the netherlands , do n't know enough about the situation in france to judge ) , move on . 
  the soldier held onto it , i believe . 
  centre-right economically , but very conservative socially . 
  it would however be a relatively easy ruling deal to make , as they all have similarities with each other . 
  biggest trouble point would be that cu is a bit more left wing and d66 is a bit more progressive . 
  they have 1/50th of the total vote ... 
  we have , and that 's why we have n't seen a terrorrist attack yet, 
  banana is a silly word y' know . 
  i 'm retarded . 
  i 'll leave it up for shame . 
  do n't blame us for that man , piss off . 
  if you hate it so much , go campaign in romania for your next elections or something . 
  or get your country out of the eu , idk . 
  it 's true that especially muslim immigrants ( second or third generation , if you know a better word for it please tell me ) are overly represented in crime . 
  he admits this , but he does n't want them out . 
  he wants to reach them a hand and help them pull themselves out of it . 
  the status quo in the netherlands is more broken than maintained with a more right wing government lmao . 
  there is no terrible status quo here . 
  maybe if you ask baudet , but he 's a moron who somehow won 2 seats by making up an imaginary ` party-cartel ' and ` job-carroussel ' . 
  we did . 
  thanks bud !, 
  vvd has traditionally either been the second or third biggest party , regularly getting well over 40 seats . 
  after a bit of a slump , rutte has brought the vvd back to greatness . 
  i 'm just glad we 're going to see the most competent man in dutch politics as our prime minister ( imo , obviously , pechtold could also do well amd that 's not judging on policy but character ) edit : i 'm dumb , it 's late . 
  get out with your pvv . 
  he did n't force rutte anywhere, 
  i mean , there should only be one source . 
  i just want to add that every economist in the country agrees with the majority in that retirement age at 65 would destroy retirement for those that are young now . 
  business seems more fitting , as he corrected it to kantoor ( office ), 
  that coalition is sexy, 
  not even 10 % in , that 's impressive, 
  ` murica, 
  my family has lived in the netherlands since i can trace it , and so do i !, 
  huh . 
  well , i hope your vote got through . 
  vvd is however willing to co-operate on looser regulations . 
  have you lived in the netherlands ? 
  ah , cool !, 
  it sounds funny in english though, 
  it 's not spreading here . 
  wilders had 24 seats in 2010 ( iirc ) , and from 15 he has gone to 19 . 
  there is no trump poison , or at least it has n't spread here . 
  and you live in canada ? 
  i know what he meant , it 's just that what he said is kinda dumb, 
  i feel like it would be more likely to see vvd/d66/cda / pvda . 
  which is my dream coalition , and it would most likely be good for the environment as well , as reports have shown d66 's environmental plans to be better than those of gl . 
  yeah , d66 wo n't help a stricter policy . 
  they are the ones fighting for legalization . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  seems good to me . 
  i hope she gets in !, 
  i meant i 'm not sure if it would have a similar meaning, 
  ah , makes sense, 
  ah , that 's pretty cool . 
  i misread it and was incredibly confused, 
  why her ?
