  where are you from ? 
  he called us a fucking banana republic as well ( not sure if that translates to english ), 
  that 's what he said, 
  still , it 's not necessarily illegal . 
  especially if it was her son . 
  nice, 
  in the uk ? 
  if he was underage it was completely legal . 
  ah , that makes sense, 
  who 'd you vote for ? 
  or do you not wan na tell ? 
  i voted for han ten broeke , number 9 on the vvd 's list . 
  there is no winner . 
  we choose our parliament not our head of government . 
  ours has more names on it, 
  is n't a quint five ? 
  they polled at 10 seats a couple of weeks ago , but fortunately their number one had some bad debated . 
  fuck , we 're running out of ballots ... 
  have you heard the story of darth plagueis the wise ? 
  til seems so contradictory to me, 
  does n't upper house mean that they have more powers ? 
  idk , might be wrong of course edit : i done fucked up, 
  you need one fourth of what you need for a seat ( kiesdeler in dutch ) to get bumped up on basis of preference votes . 
  so you voted for number 1 ? 
  i 've been to a ` inspreekavond ' with him and anne mulder . 
  ten broeke came over especially convincing and trustworthy , so he got my vote . 
  ah that makes sense , at least your vote was n't wasted !, 
  so someone in schagen could vote for you ? 
  could n't you do it after work ? 
  i actually talked to him once , and he came across as someone i can truly trusts who has the same priority as i do : getting our military better equipment . 
  by talk i mean i talked in a group with the guy for between one and two hours . 
  not that i saw him once during the campaign , just to clear that up . 
  that 's a lot for a country counting 17 million . 
  i 'm proud !, 
  the important thing is that it was n't a state visit ( which btw only the foreign affairs minister and head of government/state can do , or at least that 's who usually do it ) , there has to be consent for that . 
  they were actually lining up at my local voting booth outside the old folk 's home it was held in at 3 pm on a weekday . 
  i felt proud !, 
  yeah i expected the same buttons they got in the us !, 
  why would there be anti-nazi demonstrations exactly ? 
  because turkey said we are ? 
  denk wants to lower it to 16 , right ? 
  ( not that i support this or denk in general ), 
  i did it for the first time too !, 
  i decided on the party quite early on , but having 80 candidates to choose from was intimidating !, 
  we had a 33 % turnout at 1 , which is 6 % higher than last time . 
  i voted han ten broeke , number 9 of the vvd !, 
  that 's not true . 
  you need to vote in your district i 'm pretty sure . 
  me for example , i voted in district 64 . 
  sp largely screams that everything sucks and we need to take better care of each other ( exaggerating ) , that 's why they 're considered populist . 
  but not necessarily ` bad populist ' , as rutte dubbed it . 
  what does ` potential for free trade partnership ' entail , exactly ? 
  capital of dutch people ? 
  the thing is , there is no constitutional testing by judges here in the netherlands to potentially stop a government from creating law in violation of the constitution . 
  please , spread the word on this , i 'm currently thinking about ways to set up something to gather attention to this . 
  only ten tbh, 
  o wow , that feels like it happened so long ago . 
  shit 's been going down lately , yo . 
  realistically , nato stops existing and everyone picks sides on their own . 
  most nato members will pick against turkey at the moment though . 
  denk has been involved in a scandal ? 
  i fucking hope not, 
  screw finland, 
  in reality , not so much . 
  what it means is that there were a lot of people here with the balls to stand up for their countrymen . 
  moreso than anywhere else on the continent . 
  now if his claims are true , idk , but there is an indication that it could be at least close to the truth . 
  i feel like we 're going to follow belgium into not having a new government for a year or so . 
  more than erdogan, 
  not a source , but look up the february strikes , afaik the only protest against the treatment of jews in the entirety of europe during the war . 
  technically , his mp 's are n't bound by his decisions , but yeah ... 
  he 's in control . 
  it boggles my mind we 're at number 32 . 
  would have expected a bit lower to be honest , with the state of our armed forces ' equipment . 
  i just want to point out that the netherlands is most likely not going to be willing to participate either . 
  the two biggest parties - pvv and vvd - are against . 
  they make up about a third of the electorate . 
  many smaller right-leaning parties are against as well . 
  the only way is if pro-eu army parties form a coalition with the vvd and this gets through , but it will likely not be any party 's priority . 
  before even seeing the swastika , it just seems off man, 
  you 're still overreacting, 
  the problem is not in the people , but in forcing countries to take them . 
  not only does that create an unfavourable situation for the refugees , it also conflicts with the prohibition of the use of force as laid out in the charter of the united nations . 
  i 'm not sure if you mean article 26 , but that 's only in the territory of the state they 're in , it does n't grant them the right to move between states , just by reading through it . 
  maybe icj has interpreted it differently , but that 's not binding . 
  orange is for festivities . 
  we are a protestant nation , we do n't do color bro . 
  realise that at this point , enough is enough . 
  you 've got to make sure your own people do n't suffer from it , which they might start to if we keep letting this develop like it is right now . 
  yeah , that 's not what he said . 
  wilders is a xenophobic lying populist , but i do n't think he is as bad as nazis ( even though his newest ad screams nazi propaganda ), 
  pvv votes among the lines of vvd , even though it pretends to be left-leaning on economic stances . 
  just for clarity , vvd would be comparable to the democrats in the usa . 
  netherlands : vvd has come about equal the far-right pvv in the polls . 
  ca n't be happier about this , as i despise wilders and am a vvd member myself . 
  germany has a normal leader , us has trump . 
  germany is n't the one that preaches violence is the answer to the democracy being endangered . 
  that 's not the only thing that counts though, 
  which would be a terribme thing to do in the situation . 
  fuck , and ours are germans as well .
