  germany does n't even have a monarchy and there are still at least two german monarchies ffs . 
  is joke and i 'm okay with that , as i 'm not offended by jokes on the internet . 
  probably the fact that we 've been among the top economies almost continually since the 17th century helps the population grow . 
  i 've never actually been to ireland though , what places would you recommend ( outside of the obvious dublin and belfast ) ? 
  and yeah i could n't think of the name the troubles , but to me it 's just the most tragic civil war ever . 
  so many lives lost in such a stupid way over such a stupid thing . 
  yeah i actually know a bit about ireland ( know a girl from the north , plus i just like the country in general or technically both countries ) . 
  it 's just kinda fucked what happened to ireland . 
  having multiple civil wars ( i 'm gon na say what the ira did from the late sixties till the end of last century is a civil war as well , not sure if it is counted as such ) does n't do much good for a country . 
  i 'm just glad y' all seem to be recovering from all the shit the 20th century brought you . 
  eh we still have more people . 
  plus it 's kinda mad that the dutch population is triple the size of the irish , just does n't seem right . 
  still second to the uk , sorry bro . 
  if it 's any consolidation , i like you guys more . 
  quick note about changing the constitution ; even though technically disbanding parliament is necessary after proposing changing the constitution , it 's not always done . 
  this is because there are too many attempts to change it . 
  they still wait on the official vote until after the elections though . 
  fifty oneth ? 
  and the netherlands ? 
  that 's not all they want . 
  i also think that immigration should be handled by every government seperately to be honest , but do n't want to leave the eu . 
  the eu does need to reform though , but there should be an economic benefit to being in the eu over not being in the eu . 
  the unity of the eu is at serious risk if there is n't . 
  not being willing to co-operate in what has essentially made their economy what it is today ( oversimplified , of course ) . 
  the eu is pretty great imo , but letting them off the hook after this would be stupid . 
  nothing against the people from the uk , but i hope the eu destroys them in negotiotions , makes them feel it . 
  i feel like that 's the only way to stop other countries from leaving . 
  i 'm a far right winger now ? 
  i 'm a member of the vvd , which is known to - albeit being right-ish - actually favor more left-oriented stances on issues such as immigration . 
  fortunately now they 're starting to learn a thing or two . 
  thank you . 
  this is not at all the responsibility of the eu . 
  if that 's how mali is , it 's mali 's mess to clean up , not the eu 's . 
  culturally too though . 
  yeah , there might be differences , but in the end the somewhat calm , collected nature of most brits i also see in most dutchmen . 
  maybe that 's not even really culture , but i ca n't think of a better word for it . 
  i like to think the netherlands is still the closest to the uk out of any country ( that is n't the uk , obviously ) . 
  ohh wait crap i got the anschluss and the poland thing mixed up . 
  til there was a referendum about invading austria . 
  is this for real ? 
  what does the huffington post think this bitch boy adds to their organisation wtf, 
  because only four of them ` are ' . 
  please tell me he 's out of a job . 
  the same exact one i 've been last year . 
  fuck , this is the closest any attack has ever come to me . 
  the netherlands and the uk have liked each other for well over two hundred years as well . 
  mainly , after our golden age ( when we kicked your fucking asses ) was over . 
  that sounds retarded . 
  i was there with my family last year , at this exact market . 
  not only that , a friend of mine lives there . 
  i 'm gon na go think about why life can be this shit for a little while . 
  in my experience , ** everything ** is catered to foreign tourists , not people from amsterdam or its surroundings ( i live about half an hour by train away ) . 
  not saying that there are no locals , but especially around summer time , you almost hear more english - which is always spoken by americans , a lot of whom can be rather obnoxious - than you hear dutch . 
  in the dutch capitol . 
  that has nothing to do with anything, 
  to be fair , spain has traces of african societies besides carthage and phoenicia !, 
  i 've recently been in yhe alhambra , and it was amazing !, 
  yeah pretty much . 
  technically , you 're correct , i just seperate the parts of europe more by culture than by actual geographic location . 
  i definitely feel you . 
  i would personally cut west europe of at france , and have everything else be south . 
  norway i guess could be seen as northwest , but i also just see that as north . 
  once again , it does n't really matter , i 've just returned from spain and i love the country either way . 
  just a bit too hot though for my dutch ass . 
  genuinely curious , would n't spain be counted as southern europe more than western . 
  not that it matters , and it definitely is on the western part of europe , but i always counted it as southern europe . 
  that 's the southern netherlands for you , sir . 
  because turkey is like 0.1 % in europe . 
  o shit i underestimated us, 
  hey we have a hill in limburg that 's like 80m . 
  schmetterling, 
  i would want to see if we 're going to be equally tough on them . 
  i hope we would . 
  underestimating the vvd here . 
  though not a main issue , they support legalization if done right . 
  ( which they thought it was n't last time around ), 
  not saying it was an annexation , because it was n't , but it is de facto eu territory at the moment ( or at least , when i last read about it a couple months back ) . 
  we would have nukes too though , france also has the right to have them . 
  i believe the gdp/capita is higher in the uk than in france , but not by much, 
  enjoy the rare occasion , buddy, 
  but what does it mean, 
  why would she say mucky pup and what does it mean ? 
  you forgot the most glorious people that flooded the dykes ( iirc , been a while since elementary ) , de watergeuzen !, 
  the thing is here , that everyone criticizes every government on everything . 
  so it 's not difficult to prove that you also criticized the previous government . 
  that being said , what you described sounds annoying as hell . 
  of course , the first point is n't fully compatible , but there are some parties that employ this strategy ( denk , pvv ) . 
  that being said , i 'm glad there is n't as much identity politics here . 
  and yeah , pretty much everyone criticizes the government , no argument there . 
  maybe the calling people what have now become slurs is n't that prevalent here , but the rest definitely holds up in my opinion . 
  especially people ( and politicians ; baudet a week or so ago springs to mind ) do n't really need any facts to form and formulate their opinions . 
  would that also make him sir nigel farage or would it he lord nigel farage ? 
  either sounds ridiculous . 
   former ukip leader nigel farage could be ennobled or given key government role under a dup deal . 
  does that mean it 's gon na be sir nigel farage now ? 
  or is that not what ennobled means ? 
  that 's actually really funny, 
  how can you , even support wilders and le pen , but support the eu ? 
  that 's kinda stupid . 
  it is our business .
