  russia and iran have since long been our enemies , especially russia of courae . 
  not influencing syria is , in my opinion , one of the most immoral things to do as a block of some of the most wealthy and powerful countries in the world . 
  there are people being killed every day . 
  people losing their children , parents , or lovers . 
  as a union with a combined gdp that is among the highest in the world ( not sure if actually the highest ) , we can do something . 
  you may not like it , but they are necessary for us to exert influence over . 
  she did n't go to court because she had no legal basis for an appeal . 
  not because she 's such a forgiving person . 
  just thought postpone should know . 
  cheers !, 
  what 's this dictator 's handbook ? 
  sounds interesting, 
  groningen did n't die for this, 
  you 're really dedicated to your ignorance , are n't you ? 
  where are you from ? 
  - the netherlands what languages do you speak fluently ? 
  - dutch and english , german and french to a lesser degree what is your usual timezone ? 
  - central european ( summer ) time have you had previous experience as a mod inside or outside of reddit ? 
  - made my own subreddit once but that never got off the ground , i did however moderate a clan in runescape some years ago what do you like most about / r/europe ? 
  - talking about europe-related news in a somewhat civilized ( albeit sometimes slightly pro-eu biased ) manner do you believe in working as a team or mostly working alone ? 
  - kind of a mix . 
  clear rules and agreements have to made in the team , but i believe most simple tasks can be done alone in general , how would you evaluate / r/europe 's rules ? 
  - i think they are fairly wise rules that guarantee civilized debate . 
  what change would you make in / r/europe if you could ? 
  - if possible , i would open room a bit more for specific / r/askeurope style questions why do you want to join / r/europe 's mod team ? 
  - because i think i can help a lot , whilst getting to know people from around europe !, 
  do you think politically neutral moderation is achievable and/or desirable ? 
  - i most definitely do . 
  even if i have quite strong views , i am not one to be carried away by emotions . 
  umm ... how about a lot of african christian states ? 
  maybe they do n't stone them , but they sure as hell kill them, 
  first football , now singing , what 's next ? 
  the thing is that ( afaik and i do n't mean to offend ) , the governmental capacities of kosovo are n't big enough to be in the eu as member state , illustrated by them being under effective control of the eu . 
  just a quick disclaimer : this might be old information used in my international law course , so i 'm not sure how true it is, 
  only 51 years until independence !, 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about do you ? 
   no eu member state government is appointed in a directly democratic way either i believe there have just been presidential elections in france ? 
  i do mostly agree with you , you know . 
  however , at least attempting to understand the other side of the disagreement is the only way to move forward without becoming vindictive . 
  some people would despise both equally, 
  this to me screams too easy a dismissal of the problems that many people face , and the way they look at these problems . 
  yes , le pen might have been ** subjectively ** worse , but people hold very legitimate concerns about and objections to for example the european union . 
  although i fully understand the emotions that you 're showing here , and to some extent share them , this only belittles their concerns about macron that are as legitimate as your concerns about le pen . 
  all in all , comments like the one you just made have only shown to bring forth the opposed effect of what you 're trying to accomplish . 
  as has shown with the election of trump . 
  in the case of two opponents running against one another for which you can not with clear conscience for either of them , i do n't think it 's that bad a thing . 
  maybe not everyone is against le pen , even if i can not begin to fathom not despising le pen more than macron . 
  i 'd rather have them not vote than vote for le pen out of frustration . 
   we recognise it in girls , but why not in boys ? 
  please tell me you 're not serious about this . 
  female circumcision is a lot worse than make circumcision . 
  after having your foreskin cut off , you can still have sexual pleasure . 
  not after having your clitoris cut off . 
  not necessarily, 
  americans are mostly hailed as the liberators by a lot of countries ( and of course , they played a huge part ) . 
  here in the netherlands , we appreciate the poles just as much as the yanks , as well as the canadians , brits and french that played a huge role in liberating us . 
  thanks poland , 
  in the sources that volkskrant used , macron started at 65/35 . 
  down to 60/40 yesterday . 
  that surprised me quite a bit . 
  i once met a guy from there and he was pretty chill . 
  could drink a shit load as well . 
  holy fuck it 's gorgeous . 
  happy cakeday !, 
  you mean france , do n't you ? 
  but that would equate the state with the king . 
  i love the king , but the state is much more than him . 
  why ? 
  it 's just a thing that connects the people . 
  mot like he holds power anyway, 
  it 's just about national identity nowadays . 
  i love this man and his family . 
  dammit finland, 
  wait why us ? 
  pasta and sushi , how does that work ? 
  just some spaghetti with a side dish of sushi ? 
  fuck yeah i 'll take it :d, 
  why are we not craic :(, 
  so ... what is craic exactly ? 
  it 's more just a far-wing bubble . 
  young people generally tend to have more extremist views on politics than their parents . 
  so it 's not so surprising . 
  plus , that 's a reaction to actually having shit tons of ( partially fake ) refugees coming in . 
  also not surprising . 
  seriously i love your language but learning it is terror . 
  start it . 
  post the nachtwacht . 
  instant win . 
  or if you wan na achieve overkill , post vincent van gogh immediately after , pretty much any of his paintings . 
  okay i 'm getting too enthusiastic over this . 
  they still tagged along with the west-german membership , so it is still a good analogy . 
  did n't he murder someone yesterday ? 
  did he seriously predict that ? 
  let me rephrase , what parts that are considerably better than european cultures ? 
  me too man . 
  feels extra good since i 'm a vvd member . 
  this is going to sound racist , but what good parts ? 
  edit : rephrase : what parts are better than european cultures ? 
  interesting to add might be that vvd and d66 are both part of alde . 
  we were just opposed to the motion as it was our forth by ( i believe it was ) d66 last time around .
