  this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user & apos ; s privacy . 
  if you would like to do the same , add the browser extension [ greasemonkey ] ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/ ) to firefox and add [ this open source script ] ( https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite ) . 
  then simply click on your username on reddit , go to the comments tab , and hit the new overwrite button at the top . 
  you realise that nato and eu are two completely different organizations and turkey has been part of nato for many decades ? 
   on the other hand , what are we going to do ? 
  i do n't want to lash out militarily without a solid and realistic plan for actually solving the is problem.the wars in iraq and afghanistan showed that occupations ca n't solve problems like is or the taliban , and i do n't think assad and the iraqi government are going to be able to control the sunni region , at least not without constant and massive foreign support . 
  but this time it will be different because ... i do n't know but people should stay out of the middle east , the shithole is just a deep void consuming humans . 
  every move there leads to more misery , hate and triggers the next war . 
  for fucks sake , it 's 2015 and people there are still fighting ww1 ... 
  you 're printing your own money which is also the ( quasi ) world currency , so i guess you can go on for much longer . 
  well , i 'm just a guy on the internet i will not stop you going on the next middle east campaing . 
  i will even help you !, 
  here you can enlist at the french legion ( fremdenlegion for you ) : http://grle.legion-etrangere.com/mdl/contact/?ida=100&amp;block=14&amp;ida_sm=0&amp;titre=nous-contacter here you can find infos about the bundeswehr : http://www.bundeswehr.de/portal/a/bwde/!ut/p/c4/04_sb8k8xllm9msszpy8xbz9cp3i5eyrphk9ppkuvl3sxkkiznsivp2cbedfap2zflq!/ go on ... kill some people ... for peace !, 
  exactly , everbody is suprised by the paris attacks but they forget that france started attacking isis in september ( or october ? ) . 
  [ `` never argue with an idiot . 
  they will only bring you down to their level and beat you with experience . '' ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/quotes/445589-never-argue-with-an-idiot-they-will-only-bring-you ) the same goes for terrorism ... just stay out of this steaming pile of shit . 
  he tried hard to invest the petrodollars wisely i hope his idea will succeed on the long term . 
   [ my grandfather rode a camel , my father rode a camel , i drive a mercedes , my son drives a land rover , his son will drive a land rover , but his son will ride a camel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rashid_bin_saeed_al_maktoum ), 
  german angst at it 's best, 
  a delicious brew of fine herbs and plants . 
  yes . 
  best without anything altering the aromas , not even sugar . 
  well then you found out the purpose of vodka !, 
  i enjoyed a very fine bavarian beer 30 mins ago . 
  i fucking love living in bavaria , beer is a staple here according to the bavarian constitution . 
  no kidding, 
  nope i 'm more of a gin tonic or vodka lemon man ... and beer of course ... 
  no ayran is life !, 
  but at least we do n't pour milk in it ... 
  come to / r/germanhumor for more quality lulz !, 
  amateurs, 
  ninjas would never enter a bus if there is n't a seat free with no man next to it , they do n't enter a bus if it is too crowded cause things can get a bit touchy then . 
  tl ; dr : this is n't a new thing , men and women were always seperated in public ... several years ago ( pre-erdogan and pre-erbakan era ) i was in turkey doing the tourist thing . 
  transportation was usually done with buses , and they are all crowded as fuck . 
  so there was i , young and western minded , carrying my heavy backpack , entered the bus and there was only one seat left next to a woman . 
  i dropped the backpack and dropped my exhausted carcass on the seat . 
  i will never forget the angry and hateful looks i got from the other passengers . 
  sure the military is strong but nothing very intimidating compared to super powers ... 
  you 're both wrong , it 's turning to belarus2 , russia has nukes and is an important player ... 
  nah bro , we had it worse than that ... 
  we missed this chance some years ago when he had butt cancer ( too much dr. \u00d6sterreichs butthurt ointment ) , he somehow survived ... 
  am i the only one who thinks that the choice of colour is slightly sexist ? 
  thanks that cleared up some things but whats `` stealing '' ? 
  why do n't everybody just sneak up to the last base and get home to score ? 
  is some one here who can eli5 the baseball rules ? 
  what he wanted to say is that he is a miserable idiot ... 
   abolishment of visa requirements for turks if plan proceeds as planned found the carrot on a stick !, 
  this will be the deal breaker , the eu leaders will refuse to grant this right away and erdogan will not accept the deal when this is not guaranteed within a reasonable period ... 
  why is israel even in the uefa ? 
  enjoy your whoppers !, 
  i could use a xtra long chili cheese right now ... 
  well , to be honest the taliban were not a big fan of the opium trafficking , after the invasion of the us & allied forces the production increased again . 
   r/europe : 20.749 europhiles europhiles my ass, 
  * coughs * you know that christianity comes from the same region as islam ? 
   second , it seems like the liberal muslims are a minority among the muslims in europe proof ? 
  yeah ...  third , it really feels like a setback : christianity has been losing its grip on europe only for islam to take its place . 
  so did the pagans feel when christianity took over europe ... 
  well , your profile says that you are also concerned that they might take over the usa . 
  i doubt that you live in europe and the usa so i guess this is just a simple troll ... some men just want to see the world burn . 
  i surf the internet for a loooooooong time now , in my `` studies '' i found that an insult is the only way to stop a `` troll feeding chain '' . 
  you 're wrong , you 're dumb , you 're pathetic and you 're denying the reality . 
  this conversation ends here . 
  beeing dumb was never taboo ... 
  the yemenitic claim has been abondoned 1923 ... thats basically yesterday !!, 
  :d and 1923 is the year modern turkey was formed . 
  so it was something like `` the ottomans owned it , we want it but ca n't get it ... so have fun with it '' . 
  and the hatay province is not a turkish problem but a syrian , they claim it but no one except them is supporting it , even the people living in hatay want to stay in turkey . 
  the bulgarian `` problem '' :  the border at the rezovo river 's mouth was the subject of a minor territorial dispute between bulgaria and turkey , which was settled in the 1990s solved . 
  and the other two problems are basically the same , ** reducing the list to one ( ! ), 
  item . 
  technically it was a deal negotiated with the help of the un , so the cypriotic greek refused to accept a deal their leaders did want ... 
   turkey counts a grand total of five territorial disputes with several countries ( greece , yemen , syria and bulgaria ) . 
  you listed four countries instead of five and yemen is not even a neighbour country to turkey ... 
  i 'm sure you know that there was a coup which wiped away the eleceted government , so i guess it was not the majority demanding a unification with greece . 
  i 'm still wondering that such a thread can stay without an anti-turkish shitstorm ... 
  still a no . 
  not exactyl , the cyprus affair is a lot more complicated then the greek make the world think . 
  historically , turkey , greece and the uk were guarantator parties and cyprus guarenteed that it would not join any other country in part or in whole . 
  but in july 1974 exactly this started to happen . 
  some months ago ireland held a referendum regarding the european fiscal stability treaty , it got confirmed but only at the second try , if the irish would 've denied it again the whole treaty would 've been obsolete and imho the crisis would 've been worse . 
  what i was trying to say is that small groups should not be able to block an entitiy like the eu because of natinal egoism . 
  it 's not about `` dissing '' small countries . 
  i think something like a `` qualified majority '' in any chamber of the eu would be fair for everyone ... 
  this is democracy , i 'm also pissed when someone different than `` my '' candidate gets elected but i accept it . 
  i should 've explained it , with the mess i mean the economical crisis and the huge differences between the core countries and the edges . 
  additionally if we want to accept more members we should change the way the eu takes decisions , small countries should n't be able to block the entire eu with their veto rights in the eu commission . 
  imho the eu should stop all current negotiations and clean up the mess before accepting new members , under the given cirsumstances new members just complicate and prolong a decision finding . 
  no , this is called racism and only the morons from golden dawn have spoken . 
  yeah , i 've met lots of people from the balkans and austria and the one thing that they have in common is their belief in beeing the shield or front state against the ottoman empire . 
  pretty funny if you look at the map and see how big this territory is ... 
  not sure if trolling or just very stupid ... 
  damn , did they ran out of potatoes again ?!, 
  i 'm not sure if the usa will accept more of them ... 
  pro : it will be precedent for other regions leading to a faster disassembly of ec . 
  yup , i 've could have included something like / sarcasm but this ruins it ... 
  these lazy fucks !, 
  no wonder they 're bankcrupt !!, 
  i 'm quite sure the results will be mind blowing !, 
  wtf ? 
  [ ca n't wait till this becomes true !,
