  the first thing i saw was the `` report a problem '' button from google maps ( i 've got a slow internet ) ... google understands that there is something wrong , 
  [  we can have her funeral handled by the lowest bidder . 
  it 's what she would have wanted . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/benjiwilliamson/status/321231302001041409 ), 
  the reservation ended within 3 ( ! ), 
  hours , not much time imho ... 
  i hate them so much ... i will never forgive them ... 
  immigration to the west germany or to more prosperous areas , if you look closely you 'll see berlin and leipzig , things are not kind of a sausage fest there ... 
  but what happened to france in common ? 
  where are all the guys ? 
  germany : drugs in general are not allowed , except for alcohol and tobacco . 
  alcohol is taxed with a normal vat , so is tobacco but there is another tax for tobacco . 
  you can buy both nearly everywhere , some years ago you could buy cigarettes at vending machines , now you have to prove your age with your driving license . 
  there was a change recently ( which i think is really funny ) : you can buy beer at gas stations but after 22 ( ? ), 
  o clock they will sell you the beer only if you come with a car , because it 's ok to drive drunk i guess ... the point after this change was that they wanted to fight binge drinking . 
  i was ashamed how many of these crappy movies i knew ... 
   we 've added six new mods to / r/europe in an attempt to combat * what many people see as a problematic influx of racism . 
  * this has to be the understatement of the year ... 
  to be continued on r/wtf, 
  1 , 3 , 4 and 6 also in turkey , none of them though in germany , 
  this subreddit goes full retard ... 
  why should this be a trolling ? 
  like many other posts in r/europe ... 
  england , london . 
  class trip in the 9th grade , was quite cool but the food really sucked  back then people did n't care about me beeing a muslim or a foreigner , but i 'm also caucasian and i do n't get in trouble much ... 
  one word : lasagna, 
  even the law accepts instinctive acts . 
  i would say everything that happened to the killer happend in accordance with the law, 
  darling belive me if something like this happens around you , maybe to someone you know , then you will also start kicking the shit out of him . 
  it 's easy beeing a moral authority from a comfy chair ... 
   i mean this guy was going to kill read past the first sentence . 
  a mental disability that gets you past security and on stage to kill someone is a condition that gives everybody surroundign the right to remove you from the gene pool . 
  you guys suck , there is a killer , cought red handed , and you speak of the things done to him ? 
  i mean this guy was going to kill someone else on tv , whats next , do you going to pardon pedophiles and mass murderers ? 
  i 've got good ( ? ), 
  news for you , you 're neither a pervert nor a homosexual ... 
  hoooooooly shit ... i hope you 're kidding ...  why did you write `` fuck yeah '' over afghanistan ? 
  afghanistan ^ afghanistan ^ afghanistan ^ afghanistan ^ afghanistan ^ afghanistan apfelkuchen is simply an apple pie . 
  so at least we are united in stereotypes !, 
  germany : you and your employer pay ~ 15 % of your income to the insurance and they pay for a lot !, 
  virtually any treatment is payed by them . 
  except many teeth treatments , they make you pay ~ 30 % by yourself afaik . 
  the patient has to pay also soemthign like 5 euro for every medicine prescription . 
  children and unemployed husband/wife are insured for free within your insurance . 
  that 's the compulsory health insurance , if you earn more than ~ 55k euro a year or are a ( state ) clerk then you have another option . 
  you can opt out of the compulsory health insurance and make a private health insurance , as someone who knows both versions i can tell you that there is only very little difference , the only major difference is when it comes to waiting to get to a specialist , the privates get to see him/her much quicker . 
  on the downside a private health insurance customer has to pay everthing by himself and has to settle teh cost with his insurance , but they also pay nearly 100 % . 
  children and unemployed husband/wife must be insured additionally . 
  a private health insurance can get very expensive , but most of them are much cheaper as the compulsory health insurance at the beginning and get real expensive as you get older . 
  there are some more options also , for students etc. , but i do n't know them very good ... tl ; dr : the german health insurance system is really complicated , but in every case you will get a very good treatment . 
  edit : under some freaky circumstances it could be that you do n't have an insurance , you will get the usual treatment but you will have to pay the insurance fee backdated as it is not allowed for anyone to stay without an health insurance . 
  * kurdish terrorist i wonder what would happen if the eta would have regular meetings with foreign politicians ... 
  nothing sticks to teflon ... 
  look at all the money i do n't have ... 
  posted by `` niggerjew944 '' ... 
  so you 're the asshole of this thread ?? 
  glad that we found you early ... did you read the article ? 
  they do n't even know how many people did this ... 
  so they basically want a genocide or whatever , did n't they had have enough time for that before the seperation ? 
  people should accept when they 've lost a fight instead of bitching about the loss ... 
  then why the fuck do they want them back in their country ? 
  it only makes sense when serbia is mordor ... 
  i 've never gone to the church because i 'm muslim but my friends keep telling me that they only go to the church at christmas ( or other occasions ) when the grandparents are around . 
  one of them told me that there was n't even a discussion whether to go to the mass or not the years after her grandmother passed away ... 
  what to buy for christmas ... 
  dude , do n't feed the trolls , this guy is a hater ... 
  well , more than 100 years are plenty of time to change ... my guess is that the 14 % are minorities who refuse to answer as they fear that they will get discriminated, 
  a democracy does n't practice an apartheid system . 
  there is clearly a mustache equator east of austria . 
  never used a gun but i feel like i 'm missing out something , i 've been looking a shooting range here in germany but it 's more like an idea than something i want to really bad, 
  got ta make a living ... 
  except that i 'm `` as good as a native speaker '' in turkish and speak better german than many of the german people around me . 
  but your right i 'm an `` almanci '' in turkey and `` quotent\u00fcrke / kanacke / etc '' in germany, 
   they have perfectly reasonable explanations for the points you mention care to explain ? 
  edit : or is just the csu fanboi thing ? 
  they do n't make reasonable politics , they make egoistic politics . 
  nuclear waste final storage ? 
  not in bavaria !, 
  ( although we have 4 ( 6 reactors ) of the nuclear power plants in germany ) power supply lines from the north sea coast ? 
  not in muh backyard !, 
  this will eventually backfire cause the price will rise in the south these are only two examples that come to mind , the betreuungsgeld disaster , pkw maut is another one ... the list goes on . 
  they make demands to appease the beer tents , not because it woudl benefit the whole country ... and was n't it seehofer itself who told that beeing called a populist is an honor to him ? 
  these guys are the gold diggers of germany . 
  corrupt , egomaniac , selfish and asshats in general ... 
  csu = bavarian tea party , but their significance to the federal politics makes them also the german tea party . 
  more like wishful thinking ... only the poeple who want a civil war speak of a civil war . 
  the currently running anti terror operations are far from an war against the own population . 
  i always loved the fact that `` memeli '' means `` with boobs '', 
  i 'm 100 % sure the milli takim ( national team ) will screw up the last two games against iceland and czech rep. 
  but they are a loose gun , nobody can say for sure what will happen when they enter the pitch ... 
  so you 're saying that the people who lived/used to live in current day israel should `` decide by themselves on who can come and who ca n't come there to enjoy the life that their past generations have earned ? '', 
  that 's something i can agree with ... 
  relevant `` adventure time '' clip : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36fbhxseuzm, 
  thank god i stocked up my strategic popcorn reserve earlier ... 
  they must be really desperate to ask angie for help ... 
   *** annan plan *** for cyprus coughs, 
  i 'm very curious how this one will end but i guess it will once again fail due to demands by the greek side ... 
  lent money , best money !, 
  extreme larp ? 
  germany : i know this ancient martial art exists but i never saw someone practicing it irl .
