  the companies and the consumers just do n't to pay more than a penny for an hour of work ... 
  i understand why eastern europe got brighter ( huehuehue ) but why did this also happen in the west ? 
  what made them turn on the lights ? 
  that 's great !, 
  now all i have to do is to stab my eyes and ears !, 
   if you are blind-deaf i would n't be so sure about it . 
  i 'm quite sure such a person would have to take legal action ... 
  we have something similar in germany , every household ( does n't need to have access to a tv , pc , phone , radio or whatever device ) has to pay ~ 17 euro/month for this `` service '' . 
  the money goes to - news ( good source but not critic enough though ) - mundane shows - boring and repetetive soaps - sport events ( ohyeah , of course , i want the millionaires playing football to become even more rich ! ), 
  - weddings of foreign royals broadcasted on both channels simultaneously ( yeah , because ... because ! ), 
  - fuckton of radio stations - several special interest and regional tv stations i would also opt out but that 's not possible :( edit : there was a little scandal recently , a tv producer working for the public station bought her own scripts ( which she wrote using a pseudonym ) for several years !, 
  there is too less of control at this stations , the only reason they exist is that the government and the parties can land their old friends very , very good paying ( people tehre earn more than the chancellor ) jobs in the upper management . 
  oh , did i mention that every state in germany has its own broadcasting agency ? 
  that 's ~ ~ 16 ~ ~ 14 , plus the nationwide channel etc. . you get the idea ... edit 2 : corrected edit 1 . 
  the budget for 2013 was ~ 7,5 billion euro ... 
   fun fact : the great leader 's ( kim jong-il ) grandson kim han-sol lived in mostar for a few years and we did n't get nuked or anything like that . 
  check your fax machine * very * often !, 
  buying property overseas is always tricky , usually i would say `` lawyer up '' but this did n't helped in this case ... 
  you can create a hidden partition with truecrypt , i think this will solve the problem . 
  truecrypt to the rescue !, 
  yep , shit like this happens when the occupiers are driven out of the country ... 
  that 's not how percentages work ... 
  i guess the people at the faroe islands go there to watch their relatives playing football  edit : theory checks out , they have 48k inhabitants but 5k active players ( men + women ) , so if everybody brings his/her family to the match the `` stadium '' get full ... 
  helmut schmidt is the man , he turned 95 recently and he is imho the definition of the phrase `` elder statesman '', 
  were have you been ? 
  it 's not really common here in germany but i never had a problem with it ... 
  i 'm so fucking glad that these anti-matter fuckers are n't around anymore , we got rid of them just in time ... 
   sve je to isti kurac , turci i jedni i drugi . 
  google translate says  it 's all the same dick , turks and each other . 
  made me lol ... 
   you can say you 're part of them in the same way i can say i 'm prime minister of the uk , it does n't make it true . 
  well , you can say that but you do n't have to expect people to obey you . 
  but if you are a self announced member of al qaeda with guns and stuff you can bet your ass you will be taken serious ... 
  i guess you think of them as an organisation like any other but there are many differences . 
  you do n't have to `` join '' them , you want to be al qaeda ? 
  bam , you 're al qaeda !, 
  sure you can join them in pakistan/afghanistan and get trained by them , but say you want to open up a chapter in luxemburg you do n't need an order from their hq , you just start beeing al qaeda in luxemburg . 
  killing regional leaders does n't stop these people , there will be enough foot soldiers to fill the gaps . 
  was this a quote from batman ??? 
  i have n't seen this movie for a long time now ... 
  hodor, 
  this is bullshit , al qaeda ( btw , is this the official notation ? ), 
  is a movement , you ca n't eliminate an idea . 
  they can kill every single terrorist but there will be a second generation and a third and fourth ... 
  terrorism is a police issue not a military . 
  * hot blonde girl, 
  portugal ... is there a language where it is different ??? 
  edit : ok . apparently there are some minor differences , but is there a language where the country is called something completely other then...portugal-ish ? 
  nice !, 
  * duck and cover *, 
  this , but i 'm not quite sure why the russians choose this name ... 
  wow ... two weeks later i get a response . 
  i guess you speak of syrian refugees ? 
  other countries in the region already accepted them . 
  because fuck you , that 's why !!, 
  seriously i ca n't think of a better explanation ... 
  serious question , why should a turkish tourist visit greece ? 
  many many ancient greek sites are in turkey and the weather and the cuisine is the same or very similar . 
  nope , that 's what is called the `` pillenknick '' . 
  birth control was introduced and the stork went nearly extinct in germany ... 
  better than people active-aggressively forcing their drug-culture upon others ... 
  i accidently a word . 
  if your culture involves drug abuse , you should be glad to have left it alive . 
  to make myself clear , i 'm also against the unprolematic availability of alcohol and tobacco in europe . 
  is it north dakota ? 
  btw ... i was n't talking to you !, 
   edit : apparently there is a north and a south dakota ... according to wikipedia they have a cumulated 1,5 m inhabitants ... in an area as big as germany ... why the fuck are there two states when noone lives there ? 
  do you know where montana or dakota is ?? 
  stop being `` that guy '', 
  not sure as i 'm no longer a turkish citizen but afaik they can travel in the schengen countries as long as they have a valid residence permit in a schengen member . 
  this negotiations will take an eternity and they will end in a most unsatisfying way for the turkish people . 
  in the meantime afghans , iraqis , iranians , syrians , africans etc will strand in turkey and cause trouble . 
  who would 've accepted such deal , it 's like `` let me eat the cake and i promise that we can talk about the price years later '' . 
  and besides ... nothing will take turkey closer to the eu , maybe if someone would find oil and gas , lots of oil and gas . 
  i think this is a very bad deal for turkey . 
  they accepted a promise for taking care of thousands of immigrants . 
  only a moron would 've accepted such an offer ... oh wait our foreign minister is a moron !, 
  [ this ( german ) article ] ( http://www.n-tv.de/politik/europas-unverschaemtes-angebot-article11856401.html ) explains what 's wrong about this agreement . 
  people are dying on their way to europe ? 
  better make sure they die were we ca n't see them !, 
  i hope they will abandon european and asian soil asap, 
  wow great . 
  please stop begging at my mall, 
  where is klitschko when you need him ? 
  you ca n't stop the cavaliere !, 
  edit : can someone make up a rhyme like `` ca n't simmer the zimmer '' or `` ca n't corner the dorner '' ? 
  rich chinese , japanese , arabians , russians who want to travel without buying/applying for a visa first . 
  edit : 30k ?? 
  what a ripoff !, 
  just go to moldawia , bribe an official to give you an authentic certificate of birth and a moldawian passport , take the bus/train to romania and claim your romanian citizenship ( romania gives every moldawian the romanian citizenship ) . 
  you 're welcome bitches ... edit2 : anyone reading the first edit owes me 1000 euro , paypal accepted , no checks !, 
  i love local bavarian beers , huppendorfer , nankendorfer , gutmann ( all weizen ) . 
  tannenz\u00e4pfle ( pils ) is also very good . 
   - beer is okayish yeah ... okayish ... sure ... its fucking funtastic motherfucker !, 
  - always the first country with which we compare ourselves , not the same in the other direction , ** they do n't take us quite serious ** do n't be silly south-south-germany !, 
  obvious is the bulgarian president ? 
  the rest of his summary was correctly translated, 
  the welt.de community is one step away from beeing as worse as pi-news, 
  it was 55.000 euro , rest is correct . 
  i think the problem with arabic clans is even bigger in hamburg .
