  oh the miracles of reddit ... 
  title : `` former northern ireland police officer finds bomb attached to his car '' photo : a huge , juicy burger that makes me want to go to my favorite burger place, 
  just shoot everyone who wants to enter with the vaccine , where is the problem ? 
  if they are uncomfortable with it they can get back whre they come from ... i will never understand people who are against mandatory vaccinations . 
  will this be broadcasted ?? 
  i wonder how long it will take them to demand a new unification with greece , the last time they tried it was very successful !, 
   in cyprus , a campaign for enosis - political union with greece - was featured in the 1950s guerilla campaign against british rule , which led to its independence in 1960 . 
  in 1974 , a pro-enosis coup in cyprus led in part to the turkish army 's invasion - and division - of the island . 
  and yet , the turkish are the evil ones ... 
  oh great !, 
  more free stuff for greek , i guess they will soon start paying their debt ... 
  the observers took notice ... 
  they did n't opend the gates , germany joined the eu and hoped that people would stay where they live ... then the crisis began . 
  i think the current escalation is ridiculous !, 
  the nsa wiretaped the entire continent and propably the rest of the western world ( these are countries that count as allies of the usa !, 
  allies ! ), 
  and the merkel/cdu lead coalition did n't do anything , but as soon as her personal phone was taped she started flipping shit ... 
  i wish someone would test this with - eating - injection - smoking we could easily build a `` second hand drugs '' market, 
  great , now you 've made mutti mad . 
  i hope you 're proud of what you did !, 
  also the plot for `` taken 3 '' ? 
  not sure but this is not exactly the definition of kidnapping ... 
  you do n't say !, 
  i guess it was more important to nokia bakc then to be unique ( as beeing the nr1 bitch of ms ) instead of beeing one of many ( successful ? ), 
  android manufacturer ... 
  germany : lol , i 'm gon na build me ports in the mainland , soooo edgy !, 
  forever alone greece ... 
  nasty shit from hell ... no thanks ... 
  n\u00fcrnberg , germany reporting in !, 
  i 'll ask you for the address when i have the postcard, 
  would n't work , it involves still work . 
  nah , the last 4 years were pretty much a deadlock . 
  it ca n't get worse . 
  holy shit ... i should have read the title more precise . 
  i thought this is the the `` what do you * know * about ... '' thread, 
  i hope the fdp drops out of the bundestag . 
  helped the nazis prolong ww2 , laundred their money , now laundering drug money and from even worse origins , helping people from all over the world hide their money from taxation , great cheese and chocolate , racist scumbags , living there is expensive as fuck . 
  edit : confused this thread with the `` what do you * know * about ... '' thread series . 
  france . 
  / close edit : that was fun ... not ... 
  iirc under the chaucesu regime people were transferred from their villages to the cities , apparantly they took their ( small ) animals wiht them but they ended living on the streets with no one taking care of them . 
  fast forward some couple decades and now there are tens of thousands stray dogs . 
  stray dogs killing children and beeing a threat to all human after dark ?? 
  i ca n't exactly understand where the problem is , the plans for a mass euthanasia should be executed immediately ... 
  it may be easy but accumulated to a big society like germany it still is an enourmous sum . 
  who is going to pay for it ? 
  would you change your heating system because it is good for the geopolitical standing of this abtract entity europe ? 
  gas is and will be in cheaper than electricity for a long time , and therefore homeowners will stay with gas . 
  nah bro , first hell has to freeze before turkey is accepted in the eu . 
  edit : i 'm turkish , 
  you know that gas is used for other things than electricity right ?? 
  here in germany many people use gas for heating , they ca n't simply change to another heating source . 
  pizza , pasta , super mario . 
  exactly what i mean , the regulations seem to be too strict and apparently they are useless . 
  why not drop the taxes to a lower level and encourage the people spend their money in their own land ? 
  i 'm posting this from my nokia n900 , speaking of killed devices and os 's, 
  maybe france should have abolished the idea of marriage instead . 
  `` only '' is that a problem ? 
  what was sprayed at the bottom ? 
  what does it say ? 
  also a tl ; dr for ww2 :p, 
  i do n't think that someone outside of germany and austria can tell them apart . 
  stay calm . 
  so you 're trying to say that a war is better ? 
  solve it like in the past , just force a marriage between some of the royals . 
  looks like the vatican needs new bodyguards ... 
   boroussia dortmund borussia , that really good team in germany :p, 
  you must be kidding , it 's not like it 's * real money * it 's just * tax money *, 
  like everywhere else !, 
  i live in germany and we also have some `` minor '' architectonic failures of our own : - the new berlin airport , total clusterfuck , delayed ~ 3 years , - concert hall ( elbphilharmonie ) in hamburg , costs ~ 7 times more than it should , also delayed , - stuttgart 21 , new train station , absolute desaster , i do n't know the current state of it but also a fail . 
  it happens everywhere my friend ... 
  first the submarine that ca n't surface and now a skyscraper without an elevator ( or an elevator going only half the way ) ? 
  spain , are you even trying ? 
  edit : this comment was meant to be sarcastic , but this is the itnernet and sarcasm does n't work in text form ... 
  you 're welcome . 
  so ... ` murican landwhales are safe there ? 
  i guess every thread in this sub generates a racist momentum ... 
  edited . 
  are you satisfied now ?? 
  whoops . 
  sorry , i confused some people . 
  you are right . 
  this guy got his job only because it was the turn of his party to nominate a minister.god i hate the german political system so much ... edit : said something wrong . 
  deleted it , the other guy made me write this . 
  just divide already ... 
  only in my car . 
  but i usually commute per bycycle ... radio is a dead technology for me . 
  it exists . 
  not sure why ... 
  taken 3 confirmed ? 
  germany ( only bullet points cause i 'm on mobile ) : - flood - prism - recent case about tax equality for homosexual couples - occupy istanbul, 
  cocoa grows on trees making chocolate a fruit-dairy mix ... 
   `` we are entering a time when acts must follow words '' i hope many other racists follow him ... 
  honestly , if we could stop talking about this guy he would be forgotten shortly after !, 
  just do n't give a fuck about him and his shit ... reddit is the only place where i read about him ... please let 's just ignore him ... pleasepleaseplease ... 
  well maybe they would try harder if these countries had to qualify . 
  yeah , shitty singing has nothing to do with it ... it 's a huge conspiracy against germoney !, 
  all of the time he says something he should have kept it for himself . 
  we are hiding our money so the southern poorfags cant steal it !!, 
  but seriously , germans are paranoid and fear technology .
