   this is never brought up because it does no fit in with the narrative of targeted starvation idk about kazakhstan . 
  their regime is actually pretty anti-soviet . 
  as for russia not bringing up the famine on kuban and don , well , this just tells something about our mass conscience , and it is n't reassuring . 
  i 've heard that the soviets had a hand in defining genocide back in the 40s just to ensure that their own crimes do n't qualify even if/when they become known to the world . 
  have you read * bloodlands * ? 
  according to snyder , the holodomor was all this ( bad economic policies , bad social policies ) , but it has also been carried out as reprisals against the subjects who were not complying with stalin 's policies of internal ( or , in the case of kazakhstan , not-so-internal ) colonization . 
  if old winnie and his gang have seen the bengali farmers as potential collaborators that must be preventively punished , then you can put an equation between the holodomor ( and the famine on the don and in kazakhstan ) and the famine in bengal . 
  uh-huh , i 've forgot the exact name . 
  the golden rule of journalism : if the headline is a question , the answer is ` no ' , 
  ~ ~ chemicals ~ ~ chemtrails ftfy, 
  i do n't get why companies should n't sue governments . 
  do you like it as we have got it in russia here ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  look at slovakia - it 's still shown as a separate state , not reintegrated into the czechoslovak republic , but the podkarpatian rus is soviet , as irl - and its incorporation was a last moment soviet decision not discussed with the allies . 
  also , bialystok is shown on the soviet side of the border , as it has been in 1939-1945 . 
  there 's no way in hell one can pin it down to any stage of the ww2 - and to any stage of the inter-allied relations , either . 
  ps : nvm , i seem to have found the inspiration . 
  it 's * germany must perish * by one theodore newman kaufmann . 
  it was a really sick manifesto , - advocating forced sterilization of all the germans , among other things - and it features a rough map looking pretty much like this one . 
  and you 've got the prussian ssr ( not the kaliningrad oblast ) with the placenames supposedly taken from the extinct prussian language ( the one akin to the lithuanian and latvian ) , too . 
  it 's a complete mindfuck . 
  where have you found that ? 
  at first i 've taken it for a real propaganda piece of the period . 
  looks like someone on deviantart knows his/her job , because it looks very late 40s to me , with fonts , shades and all . 
  not yet . 
  i had in mind laying wreaths , not the parade . 
  anyway , that would have provided a perfectly valid excuse to not go to moscow . 
  btw , i do n't get why zeman does n't go to the ol & scaron ; any cemetery instead of moscow if he 's so keen on honoring the memory of the soviet soldiers fallen for the liberation of czechoslovakia ? 
  especially if czech republic is probably the only european state where celebrating v day on the 9th makes more sense than on the 8th . 
  did anyone invoked the argument of celebrating locally ? 
  do n't say that you did n't have it coming , man . 
  bastards . 
  a customer walks into a gift shop . 
  ` how much for that arse with hands ? ', 
  ` it 's not an arse , it 's a heart ' . 
  ` ma'am , i am a cardiologist . 
  how much for that arse ? ', 
  it reminds me of that joke about a cardiologist in the gift shop . 
  such an attitude is grating indeed . 
  people who say these things must be sent to some depressive - or even not so depressive by the russian standards - factory town somewhere in russia to make them understand the difference . 
  what a bunch of stale stereotypes . 
  even that map in the beginning is better . 
  is that site legit at all ? 
  no way in hell i will do a handstand to read this . 
  speak murican , like jaysus !, 
  and now it shows 1524 upvotes , which is the ex-soviet gauge . 
  no , it 's poe 's law in action . 
  so the cordon sanitaire does n't hold anymore . 
  holy crap , what have they been at all those months ? 
  deciding whether they are to express ` deep concern ' or just ` concern ' will do ? 
  good on you . 
  seriously , whenever i read of your universities ' senior staff showing some spine in dealings with the state ( like the dean of famu in the tibetan flag affair ) , i envy you . 
  it 's becoming mainstream , and here 's the problem . 
  no , the stuff about round holes is plain wrong . 
  maybe it was supposed to have it according to some obscure production standards , but by early 90s it was a rather generic cheddar-like cheese . 
  basically a cheddar analogue . 
  you know , lately when i see people complaining about rome ( paris does get some flak for this , too ) being dirty , shabby and outright not what its theme park version is , i ca n't help but remember this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_3sna3hpj8, 
  there is some mobster chic in paying in wads of 500 $ notes , is n't it ? 
  and still no working proof of concept , let alone a commercial service . 
  not wishing to rain on the parade , but how are they planning to finance this ? 
  besides , 8 hours looks more like the time it takes to go from budapest to * prague * via bratislava ( i 've just checked this the other day ) . 
  i do n't pretend i know jack about them past the most basic idea ( death squads used for war on terror by an already supposedly democratic government and acting so dirty that they managed to annoy the french on whose territory they operated ) . 
  holy shit . 
  i feel pretty much the same . 
  so it did n't get better after gal stopped operating ? 
  one would have hoped ... 
  eta or no eta , torture is an absolute evil . 
  loved that picture with , what , ten magpies ? 
  on the other hand : * ... and ten for the devil his own self * run away !, 
  i think they just meant that if norway did so ( in a highly improbable turn of events ) , people would n't object because of their trust into institutions . 
  i felt pretty much the same about politico , too . 
  whatever their u.s. branch is , sometimes , the european one reads like what a stereotypical republican would like to hear about the eu . 
  glad ( sorta kinda ) to know that it is n't just me . 
  nothing special about this . 
  the french have always awarded l\u00e9gion d'honneur to visiting foreign dignitaries , it 's basically part of their diplomatic etiquette . 
  it is n't even said what grade has been awarded ( chevalier is the lowest and most common , grande-croix is the highest ) , which is a significant detail . 
  this is what i thought , too . 
  actually , the first stretch of the london underground ( from paddington to farringdon , iirc ) initially served to connect the mainline tracks , too . 
  so if it 's agreed that the lu dates from the 1860s , why not the athens metro ? 
  like i said , it was an urban legend , often used as a cautionary tale against the horrors of consumerism and ` cringing before the west ' , whatever that meant . 
  i heard it when i was a kid from my elementary school teacher . 
  for not entirely sucking up to putin . 
  it 's a matter of expectations vs. reality . 
  ah , that 's a russian urban legend dating from the ww2 times and the lend-lease shipments . 
  people used to tell that american canned meat and especially spam are made from rats , horses and whatever inedible animal the one who was telling the story could come up with . 
  well , let 's begin that the ussr severed all the ties with israel over the six day war and has n't restored them until late 1991 ( just two months before its breakup ) . 
  as for the propaganda proper , pretty much every war waged by the israelis has been represented as an act of pure unprovoked agression , and the anti-israeli terrorist attacks ( even the worst ones , like in munich in 1972 ) were glossed over . 
  all of this was complemented by the low-key soviet antisemitism ( as a matter of fact , the soviet jews were represented * as * jews only if they had to say something against israel ) . 
  thank you for the clarification , i stand corrected . 
  here in russia , at least some of the liberals are excessively pro-israeli just because ( i 'm reproducing this way of reasoning ) the soviet propaganda spared no effort to tell how evil israel was , therefore it must be the real good guys . 
  but then , there are enough russian liberals rooting for pinochet exactly for the same reason . 
  i do believe there is a cover up on the russian side , but it 's the hanlon 's razor in action : the russian ( military ) ground services had things fubar and therefore the russian authorities are unwilling to admit their gross incompetence . 
  you mean the goods produced in the settlements , right ? 
  i 've got a feeling that the cee eu members ( the czech republic , poland , slovakia , hungary ) are much more pro-israeli than the old ones . 
  it must have something to do with the cold war commie propaganda they have been fed and the reaction to it . 
  the `` issue '' you 're speaking about exists only for the police , tax collectors , judges and banks . 
  pretty every average joe/jane will be happy if there is no limit on cash transfer , even if s/he is mostly paying by card in his/her everyday life . 
  money laundering has been made a crime only to make easier the life of the cops , taxmen and judges who do n't have anymore to collect evidence on the suspect 's real crimes . 
  that sounds like a cop out . 
  i 'm speaking of shops that could give change , but would n't just because something something money laundering .
