last time , it was goats , not lambs . 
  and then you told us to dance naked in the moonshine and so on . 
  i know that place , and i would n't have called that rally * huge * . 
  low thousands at most ( 1.500 or so , probably ) . 
  the last prague pride has gathered an order more . 
  this has sent shivers down my spine , too . 
  i do n't know jack about british economic and social issues , but when it comes to the foreign policy , this bloke is sounding like a soviet sleeper agent . 
  / r/nottheonion , anyone ? 
  never really felt for her much . 
  she was an upstart and did her best to turn the house of windsor into a not-yet-invented reality show with herself as the guest celebrity . 
  it is n't support , it 's more like ~ ~ ` we wo n't put a stake in it ' ~ ~ ` we do n't have a stake in these matters ' . 
  look who 's talking . 
  seems like a good stock for the nrx ( man , how i hate them . 
  these days , even the reactionaries are n't like they used to be . 
  maybe it 's me being a non-native english speaker , but i guessed it 's about areva possibly getting contracts for temel & iacute ; n or dukovany upgrade , right ? 
  lucid dreams induced by some substance - wait , oh shi --, 
  ooh , the universe people !, 
  also , generalplan ost . 
  my point is mostly that the soviets had more time than the nazis to commit their crimes . 
  tbh , there are only estimates whether the nazis would have been worse or better than the soviets if they won or were left alone . 
  gah , it 's four years old . 
  cool down , no one is sending you to die for dantzig . 
  i do n't get that thing about staying at disneyland either . 
  it 's close enough to paris ( 45 min by rer a from ch\u00e2telet - les halles ? 
  ) , and it 's even got a tgv station of its own if someone from the regions ( or someone staying in the regions ) fancies to visit it . 
  you may add to the list [ ferdinand i ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ferdinand_i_of_austria ) , too . 
  the poor guy had only four great-grandparents and suffered from epilepsy . 
  and it 's in the torygraph . 
  things must have really gone haywire . 
  with so many proven offenders around , who * does n't * do that , then ? 
  i 've always thought that it 's the russian thing . 
  i agree . 
  it 's the russians . 
  well , shit . 
  here goes the last half-decent russian news media . 
  not denying that daily fail has always been a filthy rag , this is a story from another time . 
  sharp answer . 
  wait , d'you mean that it 's the same story with / commentisfree / ? 
  well , well , colour me surprised . 
  i 've always thought that these are people affiliated with the grauniad or at least influential enough for their opinion pieces to be of general interest . 
  well , that sounds appropriate . 
  pirates have n't been known for their circumspect language . 
  i still think that in the case of forbes.com people do need some explanation . 
  respectable russian and ukrainian news sites are regularly referring to the forbes bloggers as if it were not some random chaps , but some acknowledged and influential pundits . 
  as a tangential remark , i 'd like to see something like this about forbes.com , because of their forbes.com/sites part where every random crank can start a blog for his rants , but with an address that looks more respectable than blogspot . 
  edit : and even if you know , it 's impossible to tell without opening that link when you 're using a smartphone or a tablet . 
  except that if you 're screwed up , it 's different for several orders of magnitude . 
  the wild taxi drivers have at least passed the drivers ' exams , but what about quack doctors ? 
  the relative size of the city factors in here , too . 
  paris ( not only paris proper , but the neighbouring departements as well that are by all means and purposes paris outskirts ) has some 10 m population , vienna has some 2.5 m. 
  ah , well , yet another made up crime used as argument . 
  it depends on the context . 
  for some people , ` the pro-israel lobby ' is just an euphemism for ` the world jewry ' . 
  are the french secret services competent enough to keep tabs on such converts , or it is too much to ask of them ? 
  i think that msu is a lame translation , btw . 
  makes me think of a community college somewhere in the midwest every time i see it on those t-shirts and hoodies . 
  ^ not ^ that ^ we ^ do n't ^ deserve ^ this ... 
   if you do n't like ~ ~ beer ~ ~ lager . 
  ftfy . 
  seriously , the few local ales are ranging from ` nothing to write home about ' to ` underwhelming ' . 
  i 'd have taken some of it with grain of salt , though . 
  some attitudes ( like underdressing/overdressing or going dutch ) have changed in the last decade or so . 
  not really . 
  as far as our national holidays go , this one is actually meh , compared to the v-day or even the soviet army/defender of the motherland day ( february the 23th ) , but the date itself has no connection with the dissolution of the ussr . 
  those international sporting organisations are rotten to the core , all of them . 
  fifa , ioc , fia , fide , you name it . 
  this is what happens when sports become professional . 
  rather than going after some rotten apples , we need to rethink the whole thing from ground up . 
  still i believe that your ministry of the foreign affairs did the right thing . 
  basically , this ` documentary ' can be seen as a statement delegitimizing all the post-communist regimes in the central and eastern europe , and such statements need an answer . 
  the channel in question is n't some nominally independent media , but the officious media outlet of our government . 
  in the meantime , it 's gotten worse . 
  the russian tv 's spokesperson has issued a rebuttal that runs like this : 1 . 
  we have n't told lies , but an inconvenient truth . 
  statements made in our documentary are just private opinions of the interviewees . 
  the russian tv ( namely , the state-run rossija channel ) is fully independent from the government . 
  it 's the west that distorts the historical truth . 
  checkmate . 
  whenever i think we 've reached the bottom , something is knocking from below . 
  when i last checked their comment section ( quite some time ago ) it was unmoderated and open to every throwaway account to post , that is , one did n't have to have a paid subscription . 
  it 's a terrible idea . 
  given that now people in the first world countries become fully adult ( working , having families , becoming independent from their parents ... ) in their mid-twenties - early thirties , we should think about raising the voting age , not lowering it . 
  not even saying that it baffles me how a person who ca n't legally get drunk ~ ~ or get laid ~ ~ should get the vote . 
  personal . 
  an authoritarian politician * and * a machist . 
  what a surprise , indeed . 
  it was a typo , i meant 1618 . 
  since 1918 , you mean . 
  it just came to my mind that it reminds me of the russian reaction to the constitution of the 3rd may : restore the liberum veto and keep the ~ ~ republic ~ ~ commonwealth ungovernable , or else . 
  russia never changes . 
   as in the tpp , and expanding on the earlier leaked draft , tisa also includes a prohibition on laws that require service providers to host data locally , which some countries have used to protect sensitive personal information , such as health data , from being snooped upon on foreign soil . 
  come to that , i 'd prefer to be snooped upon by the u.s. gummint than by my own one . 
  i 've been waiting for an obligatory ac joke or reference . 
  i never guessed you 've got it * that * bad . 
  frankly , i thought that you will end up in the top ( worse ) third , but nearer to the middle . 
  but you guys have already taken all the longbows , 
  so it 's basically representative democracy , only without uniform mechanisms of representation , right ? 
  but was there an intent to starve the probably disloyal subjects ? 
  mind you , even if there was n't , it 's still was genocide . 
  as an aside , how do the brits ( i mean the average joe or however s/he is called within the british context ) react when someone is raising the subject of the great irish famine , especially if it 's called genocide ?
