  and inb4 , i 've never been one of these russians who wave packs of 500 euro bills around . 
  i wonder whether anyone tried to sue these shops over that . 
  it 's a legal tender after all , no matter what denomination it is . 
  yes , it bothers me greatly . 
  here in russia , dubbing is the norm . 
  it has become somewhat better recently , with some theaters in moscow and st petersburg screening the movies subbed , but that does n't include blockbusters . 
  besides , ` classical ' russian diction is a very theatrical one , so that on the screen , it sounds very affected - unless it 's the other extreme , as if the dubbers just do n't care about what they 're reading . 
  they 've got a weird name , too . 
  brings some [ unpleasant reminiscences ... ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/unternehmen_gr%c3%bcn ), 
  this . 
  i can not stand gadgets and software pretending that they know what i need better than me - and that 's without touching the more sinister side of the iot . 
  pretty badly , i think . 
  even if trump starts behaving himself once he moves to the white house ( or is too crippled with scandals to act on his own ) , you 've still got the gop in the control of the executive , the congress and soon the scotus , too ( unless the senate democrats start playing dirty , too , and filibuster the sc nomination ) . 
  i do n't know whether the two years before the midterm elections are enough to screw things up badly and to revert to the pre-civil rights era legislation . 
  as for the foreign relations , i do n't know how quickly the u.s. can turn 180 degrees and withdraw out of all the global treaties . 
  the worst thing about trump 's victory is that now every racist authoritarian twat across the world has found himself ( or herself - looking at you , marine and frauke ! ), 
  vindicated and emboldened . 
   rockefeller republican that 's an insult to all the remaining rockefeller republicans . 
  * eisenhower * , that was a rockefeller republican . 
  he must be turning in his grave now . 
  it 's all well and good , but only if europe is resolved to sustain the united front . 
  if it 's the 30s all over again , though ... 
  the conditions are just as much a mean to troll the remaining malcontents here in russia . 
  it 's not czechia , it 's prague , maybe karlovy vary plus some one day trip destinations ( like \u010cesk & yacute ; krumlov ) , elsewhere most foreign tourists you see are weekend visitors from the neighbouring countries . 
  tbh , this is a rather innocuous one , as rt goes . 
  that 's called dialectics , mate . 
  on the other hand , those bureaux de change are a stone 's throw away from v & aacute ; clavsk\u00e9 n & aacute ; m. , and they do get sort of advertized ( not the individual spots , but the whole location ) , even in some printed tourist guidebooks . 
  tolkien must be turning in his grave . 
  for the record , he was pretty unhappy when he learned that a cattle breeder is about to name some calfs after the characters from * the lord of the rings * . 
  putin 's real stooges are on the other side of the political spectrum . 
  just look at the kippers . 
  more like a useful idiot than a puppet . 
  non-native speaker , sorry . 
  i 've always thought that ` break your leg ' is more of a theatre thing , what with the actors being generally superstitious and never wishing good luck to each other . 
  same shit , different flavor . 
  yalta , does n't that ring a bell ? 
  you know , i would have taken the soviet defectors ' revelations with a pinch of salt . 
  not that they were delusional or deliberately lying ( see the venona files that somewhat excuse the second red scare in the hindsight ) , but a ) they never saw the whole picture ; b ) they were telling what their conservative hosts would love to hear , and c ) they were so accustomed to political warfare they waged that they could n't probably imagine that not every high-profile person in the west that is leftist or left-leaning is the soviet stooge . 
  oh , and do n't forget the soviet/russian custom of falsifying the reports to please the superiors ( \u043f\u0440\u0438\u043f\u0438\u0441\u043a\u0438 ) . 
  if it was widespread elsewhere , it 's just silly to think that the soviet intelligence was so much better , so it 's quite possible that some reports on successfully conducted active measures towards persons x , y , z amount to a single encounter that had no consequences . 
  to give the idea of such exaggerated claims , sergei tretyakov claimed that * all * peace movement in the west is the umbrella for soviet activities just because the world peace council was - ignoring that there were hundreds of independent peace movements at loggerheads with wpc exactly because they saw it as the soviet tool . 
  oh , great , so this arr\u00eat\u00e9 municipal just screws the poorer people leaving the rich paying clients alone . 
  genial . 
  that 's some prime stuff for sas . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  i mean , look at her - she 's a woman-shaped battering ram !, 
  haha , that 's a good one . 
  man , should i have added / s ? 
  a wild libertarian in me is shouting that tax evasion is not a crime but a lawful self-defense because taxation is slavery , theft , and rape . 
  and slavery . 
  as in big a. 
  it 's funny how many french movies got screened in the soviets ( b/c i do n't even have to click the link ) . 
  what is unity doing here ? 
  it does n't end with the processed food . 
  some cheese brands suffer from that , too . 
  you 're lucky if you live in a country like france or italy , with a rich cheesemaking tradition of its own ( so you do n't really have to buy these ) , but if you do n't , you 're sool . 
  it 's interesting how some borders that disappeared a long time ago are still visible in those patterns - i mean the pre-ww1 borders of romania and the one that internally divided austria-hungary . 
  o_o of all the places , i would n't expect denmark to be such a dumping ground . 
  pretty much yes . 
  some came there to study , more were brought as a cheap workforce ( something only the capitalist west was supposed to do ) . 
  the ussr did it , too , by the way - there were lots of vietnamese workers on moscow 's zil truck plant in the 80s . 
  except that in the 1968 `` invitation letter '' ( is that how one translates `` zvac & iacute ; dopis '' into english ? 
  ) , there are layers of communist gobbledy-gook before it goes to the point . 
  yanukovych was less sophisticated . 
  skype has become crap , that 's right , but there are other apps with the same functionality . 
  anyway , if people are n't using video calls , it 's not because the technology is n't up to the task ( it is , with all the processing power and broadband communication at our disposal ) , it just turned out to be not as cool as we imagined . 
  most of us are just looking stupid when talking to the camera , and are aware of it . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  skype for android has been there for ages . 
  someone still thinks * jetsons * are realistic . 
  eh , what ? 
  skype does n't real now ? 
  computers might be hacked or malfunction on their own , communication channels ( if those vehicles are controlled remotely like present day drones ) might be jammed , it all only makes the problem worse . 
  even if they manage to roll out a working prototype , security concerns will be the end of it . 
  after all , no one wants a rogue flying car swoop into the middle of the crowd . 
   anglo-mercia tolkien would have loved that . 
  still better than copy and paste levels . 
  try telling this to [ adolf loos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ornament_and_crime ) , 
  sounds legit . 
  this all began with that end of history bullshit some twenty years ago . 
  remember how china and russia were to liberalize once they have fully embraced the market economy ? 
  never mind that putin started his media crackdown literally on the day he was sworn in as president - at least we 've got flat income tax rate . 
  nothing wrong except that it tastes like rubber chicken . 
   trump was fooled by polish leftist journalists . 
  that was a good one !, 
  to be honest , it 's more like rebuilding it from scratch on the same chassis ( it has not only a renewed body , but a new motor and transmission as well ) . 
  it 's been rebuilt , with a low-floor section in the middle . 
  / r/shitamericanssay is leaking ... 
  all i can say is that i expected less clickbait headlines from dw . 
  and an excitable fellow , too !, 
  he may be like a dragon in a pinch . 
  pray that wb and the saul zaentz shop do n't get a whiff of it ... 
  that 's about the only redeeming quality of the planned obsolescence . 
  a ) when you start scaling this up , in a matter of a few product generations you end up with more material , work , and energy spent overall than for a product that would last these few generations . 
  three cars that have to be sent to the scrapyard in a matter of seven years will require more steel , aluminium , plastic , rubber , and glass than a single car that would last twenty-one year . 
  not all of this is recuperable . 
  b ) it 's a chicken and egg issue . 
  modern development cycles already are taking planned obsolescence into account . 
  shorter development cycles might be beneficial in the high tech areas , not so in the low tech ones . 
  c ) partially agree on that one , planned obsolescence is a tool against the boom and bust cycle on some markets .
