  furthermore , it feels like it is for the wrong reasons . 
  the tories are being brutal since there is no effective left opposition due to labour being useless . 
  therefore scots have only the sensible choice of the snp . 
  hence continued referendums till they get what they want . 
  i feel most scots want a sort of devolution-max but are being forced to choose between two extremes . 
  also what if the conservative and unionist party get a majority in the scottish parliament after independence , do we have a referendum on reunifying the uk ? 
  there 's also the orkney islands wanting an independence referendum from scotland if scotland goes independent . 
  london next ? 
  r/europe will love it but i 'll be sad that we could n't work together with scotland to solve problems rather than breaking apart . 
  from our point of view most other european flags are so boring :p . how come the tricolour is recycled so many times . 
  although it 's true that the union jack is impossible to sketch easily . 
  no , it would be a waste of space . 
  i would get one if i had a bigger place though . 
  fair points !, 
  i just thought it would be an interesting idea to explore . 
  i agree it would have to be an extremely loose union . 
  in any case i feel it would be more possible than say france and germany merging as has been proposed here . 
  why ? 
  not europe as such but i think can , aus , nz , uk would make a cool union . 
  shared culture , language , history , head of state , economies , parliamentary systems . 
  can/aus/nz influence could help better the u.k. maybe split the capital around like south africa/holland style so that london is n't the center of everything . 
  have an electoral college type system to reduce the power of england so it does n't mess everything up again :p distance would n't be an issue , after all when scotland joined it took a similar time to travel from london to edinburgh as it does now london to sydney . 
  could be an effective `` third western power '' to us/europe . 
  at the very least i genuinely hope we could have free movement between these countries . 
  ireland can join too but that would likely cause terrorism . 
  they are supposed to be purely functional . 
  however as is human nature people do have pride in them , for example some british stickers have british flags/symbols on them . 
  it is possible for things like speeding tickets to cross borders so i guess they need to know the country although nowadays i 'm sure the country format of the plate is recognised automatically anyway . 
  within the u.k. . you often see such home nation stickers such as for cymru ( wales ) which is not needed at all and therefore purely for pride . 
  i guess it is the same as us plates displaying the state . 
  you may see people with stickers being proud of where they have travelled , but that is usually for really far away places such in asia . 
  commonly people stick a nurburgring outline sticker to show they have braved a run on the famous track !, 
  north korea . 
  last chance to visit a genuinely renegade dictatorship . 
  interested to see how the tour guides try and persuade you the country is `` normal '' . 
  also the uk territories of biot because apparently there is amazing undamaged coral/sealife ( although no civilians allowed ) and pitcairn islands to see how a community numbering less than 40 survives in near-isolation in the pacific ocean . 
  it 's bloody ridiculous and one of the things used as an example of eu ridiculousness by the brexit campaign . 
  i do n't see how you can justify it . 
  please can someone try ? 
  very embarrassing to be a remainer when jokes about this came up on tv . 
  do you feel the same about every european country that engaged in colonialism ? 
  rome ? 
  from a purely objective view in terms of dominating europe , russian campaign there are comparisons that can be made . 
  obviously napoleon was n't as genocidal . 
  trumps best friend in britain : nigel farage . 
  trump tweeted that he should be uk 's ambassador to the us . 
  50 % on 2 mortgages . 
  ( hoping to get rid off the one in the south east costing 35 % soon ! ), 
  i imagine the wealthier parts of any country . 
  mercedes benz sprinter . 
  got stuck in the actual car rental multi-storey car park in paris since the ceiling was too low for it to go up the ramp !, 
  yes , such as giving nick griffin a slot on question time . 
  there were massive protests but you have to hear all sides of the debate if you want to remain impartial . 
  you seem to be equating scotland 's situation to that of a colony like india . 
  to quote an article i read , scots were complicit in the empire and it is insulting to the real victims of empire to suggest otherwise . 
  you must have read about the scottish plantation owners who got filthy rich and dressed their slaves in kilts . 
  in any case these historical arguments are not relevant today . 
  snp politicians kept on saying that scotland is `` not oppressed '' by england and that argument was never made . 
  the white paper did n't discuss famines and cultural genocides taken place hundred years ago . 
  wealth trickling to london is an issue for most of england from the midlands upwards . 
  it was n't some `` anti scotland '' policy as you suggest . 
  more an overly pro-london and south-east which i agree is bad . 
  it was all about the populist appeal of taking back control of power from westminster and giving scottish parliament total sovereign power which i equate to taking back control from brussels . 
  in any case this is all moot since the referendum on independence was lost when all your points are considered . 
  were n't catalonia also an independent country ? 
  based on a quick wiki search . 
  also their language seemed to have been suppressed in a similar way . 
  anyway if you go to scotland you hear gaelic being spoken fairly frequently . 
  if your taking about extermination and torture at most that was in the middle ages . 
  if we are going back that far to settle issues then the world should be a very different place !, 
  the issues you mention were n't mentioned in the referendum campaign . 
  it was all about taking back control from westminster . 
  whatsapp and imessage . 
  the arguments used during the scottish independence campaign were largely about `` control of our own laws , have our own sovereignty , bring back power from westminster . '', 
  these arguments are pretty much the same as were made by brexiteers . 
  admittedly brexit was also uniquely about the immigration issues in england . 
  historical issues like gaelic/highland clearances did n't come into it . 
  healthcare is an issue all over the uk and in any case scottish healthcare is run by the scottish government so they ca n't blame the u.k. 
  regarding trident , it seems that the snp were just taking advantage of trident to get votes of anti-nuclear people who also have a massive presence in ruk . 
  oil probably wo n't be discussed now after the collapse in price . 
  the huge leftist liberal movement that is a backlash against austerity policies that the snp ride also exists in england and especially london . 
  it has not been `` picking up steam for the last 400 years '' . 
  no scottish politicians during the referendum seriously suggested england `` colonised '' scotland . 
  if you look up history you will see scotland benefited massively from the british empire and colonising others !, 
  it has only picked up recently due to the wave of populist nationalism ( albeit less racist than others ) that started from people being harshly affected by austerity . 
  this is the same as the start of brexit . 
  overall around 7 % of scots are born abroad compared to the figure for england being 14 % . 
  immigration is not a big issue therefore a populist movement need not consider immigrants as scapegoats . 
  they are still riding the same populist nationalist sentiment that caused brexit/trump etc. 
  people are fed up of the current systems/burgeoning wealth inequality and want drastic changes without considering knock of effects . 
  scotland exports 76 billion to ruk compared to 11 billion to the eu . 
  nationalists are not considering how harmful economically and socially it would be to split up the uk , same as the brexiteers wanting to split the uk from eu . 
  in my experience either `` the us '' , `` the states '' , or `` the united states '' , or `` america '' . 
  do n't see or hear `` united states of america '' much . 
  `` usa '' is fairly common but i 'd say my top answers are moreso since you do n't need the extra word/letter for it to be obvious . 
  generally since it 's so big people usually refer to the state/city . 
  out of interest how do you refer to the uk ? 
  over here we get tired of americans always saying `` england '' for the whole nation . 
  sounds similar to things said by scottish independence proponents but in the language in the video is more extreme !, 
  for example i ca n't recall scots being that hostile to english as a people .
