  small cities in europe do n't have tall towers like that generally . 
  often the local populace are against tall buildings since most the city centres are hundreds of years old and glass skyscrapers would be `` out of character '' . 
  i quite like how london is finally embracing tall buildings though . 
  just like your previous one ? 
  it sounds like you are suggesting the breakup of the uk is comparable to the break-up of yugoslavia by bringing bosnia in as a comparison . 
  lets agree to disagree on that one . 
  i think the motives of spain are pretty obvious . 
  my argument has been that there is a possibility of spain vetoing , not that they definitely will . 
  more people voted for london + brussels over edinburgh + brussels in 2014 . 
  does n't mean `` london '' is the worst option . 
  anyway there appears to be no spike in the polls for independence since brexit . 
  yes ? 
  i guess , i 'm not sure i understand that point . 
  try explaining that to the average joe , on paper new countries to the eu have to aim to join the euro . 
  people do n't want anything to do with the euro . 
  i agree with nicola sturgeon that the pound is scotland 's pound too . 
  well it is one of the many risks associated with scottish independence . 
  just a general point that it could cause heavy social divisiveness . 
  brexit was crap and its not like we have loyalist `` orangemen '' eu societies . 
  therefore i imagine a narrow vote for scottish independence would be worse . 
  and i 'm sorry you feel that way !, 
  . . no its not ? 
  google bosnian war agree but i think most people would agree it clearly indicates a lack of willingness to allow scotland in agree but people may prefer to have elected rep in london agree , i am talking about scottish independence as a concept ( when i said `` in any case . . '' earlier ) only denmark and uk have negotiated opt outs when the euro was formed , senior eu people have stated that new countries to the eu must join the euro on entry  , furthermore the official position : http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/adoption/index_en.htm ireland/northern ireland situation is not ideal for either side !, 
  loyalists exist in scotland too got nothing to do with it , just my humble opinion . 
  the possibility of the spanish veto is not rubbish . 
  ireland , iceland and czech are irrelevant . 
  spain has the prospect of a region breaking away and being a separate member state of the eu . 
  if spain allows scotland to join , they are sending a clear message to catalonia to go for independence since the precedent has been set . 
  spain already prevented talks between the eu and scotland directly . 
  in itself this is not a reason against scottish independence , but the question is whether scotland would have any issues joining the eu . 
  i accept your point about london v brussels but the unelected bureaucrats in brussels argument would be made ( not that i necessarily agree with that ) , compared to total direct democratic government in london . 
  you do n't understand relevance of north sea oil ? 
  it was a key point of the independence debate from the snp that it would provide prosperity for scotland . 
  they have now lost that economic argument due to the oil price collapse . 
  by integration i mean use of the pound especially , people wont be keen on joining the euro . 
  i also meant social/family ties between the nations . 
  people do n't want to consider the thought of a potential eu border across britain . 
  fair enough if you want an independent scotland , but i think the uk is stronger together . 
  i did n't vote for leave , nor for the tories , but i 'm not declaring my house independent . 
  not that my view matters anyway !, 
  london independence , not that great a chance of succeeding !, 
  but it would have a larger economy than austria/ireland . 
  it could potentially be refused by other european countries who do n't want to fuel independence movements in their own countries , for example spain/catalonia . 
  in any case i think it would be a hard sell for the nationalists now , effectively giving the people a choice of london or brussels . 
  the scottish fishing communities will certainly be vocal !, 
  not to mention north sea oil revenues down and the sheer level of integration between scotland and england . 
  i wished we remained in the eu but hope the uk stays together . 
  can people please remember that 48 % of us who voted wanted to remain before the hate circlejerk starts :(, 
  clarkson , may , and hammond, 
  for me its just split into normal us accent and southern yokel accent . 
  i feel like uk accents are more varied but maybe thats just because i recognise them more . 
  i also recognise the difference between a florida and a savannah accent thanks to that episode of the office where andy does the impression . 
  i cant tell the difference between american and canadian unless its a word like `` aboot '' . 
  guess u mean most `` continental '' countries :p, 
  do n't know if this is uk specific but salaries for professional graduate jobs like engineering/law / medicine seem to be insanely high in the us . 
  coupled with lower house prices it seems like most young professionals would have a better quality of life there . 
  i realise this is offset slightly by graduate us debt and longer hours , but overall i grumble inside seeing my us peers with same job/experience as me driving around in brand new mustangs/bmws and with huge modern houses compared with my tiny victorian house thats falling down and old polo ( i know i am v lucky compared to grads here ), 
  sounds sensible !, 
  i think that is sort of the reasoning behind the ib and some schools are encouraging that now since it results in a broader education then the traditional `` a levels '' . 
  we have to effectively pick our career area at 16 when we choose high school subjects . 
  the us system sounds more appealing for those who are n't sure what to do at that age . 
  interesting , it looks like your education is much broader at that stage . 
  for us people usually take a couple of subjects related to their chosen degree , for example people taking medicine at uni may take chemistry , biology , maths/physics . 
  or a future engineer would take maths , physics , further maths ( extra maths ) . 
  i was an unusual case since my school was a rare one that did the international bacc which is apparently something done in many countries around the world , so i ended up taking maths , physics , history ( at so called higher level ) , and russian , english , economics at ( standard level ) . 
  had to pick at least one science , one language etc, 
  money is one reason . 
  if you pool all the resources of eu member states then you would have a powerful army without each member state having to spend so much . 
  for example the us has loads of aircraft carriers . 
  but if it was split between all the states then it is possible they could n't even afford more than 1 since no one state could foot the bill . 
  that is sort of the situation in europe now . 
  for my engineering degree i was supposed to buy about 5-6 books for # 60 each every year . 
  some were even more expensive where it was such a specialised topic that the book was literally the only published source of info . 
  the library usually only stocked 5-6 so they were never available . 
  everyone bought books in the first semester them realised u could get by using lecture slides/internet/second hand . 
  in answer to your question i imagine the cost of books varies between degree subjects . 
  maybe those americans are mostly doing technical subjects . 
  not meaning to bash languages but i cant imagine that it is generally as hard to find published information on the relevant topics ( maybe i 'm wrong and technical subject content providers are just out to make more money ) . 
  there is no constitution in the uk but the royal family arnt above the law . 
  for example princess anne has a criminal record ( got fined for minor offences ) . 
  the queen must act within the law also , we cut the head off the last monarch that tried otherwise !, 
  all men are n't born equal in reality . 
  you can be born into a wealthy family and never have to work a day in your life and have power , or not . 
  there will always be such inequality . 
  inevitably the equivalent president will likely come from a wealthy/powerful family anyway . 
  there are other arguments against monarchy but that one does not bother me . 
  london since loads of career prospects . 
  would n't move anywhere abroad in europe since i cant speak foreign languages and do n't fancy ireland as i have a probably incorrect view of life there being like father ted ( cold , raining , boring ) . 
  oh right , well til !, 
  so it will still be valid to have it on my numberplate after brexit then, 
  what do u mean its not an eu flag ? 
  i thought it was ? 
  yea , there were many articles in european newspapers and websites that clearly stated the us deserved 9/11 . 
  i wont even bother posting them since they are so easy to google as u must know . 
  most people were overjoyed at the news of 9/11 and a public holiday was declared europe-wide . 
  we held `` burn the us flag '' parties and the queen came onto the buckingham palace balcony and did a massive crap on the us flag to rapturous applause . 
  we even have companies that make hilarious adverts reenacting the disaster such as knocking over mattresses , oh hang on . . 
  family and friends live here . 
  other than that it seems like everything about living in australia/nz would be better than here ( for my particular life situation and interests ) . 
  fair point !,
