  therefore the uk potentially has more in common with other countries geographically outside europe than the mainland . 
  i.e i could be at home in australia , whereas france just feels foreign . 
  whilst the uk could be viewed as being `` different '' from europe , i would n't say that difference is any greater than say between poland and germany . 
  that would be a hell of a task to achieve . 
  french would effectively give up control of nuclear weapons , and countries would have to be willing to send their soldiers to die for the interests of other countries . 
  also the varying defence budgets and defence industry capability would cause issues . 
  not to mention the decision making process would be a nightmare . 
  you would eventually agree on action , and then wallonia will veto it . 
  i cant see it happening unless europe becomes a federal country . 
  most likely thing to happen is to share resources , for example france and germany sharing aircraft carriers . 
  scrap trident nuclear weapons and spend the # 2.5 billion a year on a space program which is roughly half the current budget of the entire esa . 
  nukes seem pretty pointless today . 
  space is cool , we could actually be a useful partner to esa/nasa , maybe rebuild autonomous launching ability in australia . 
  more likely to see a european on mars/moon in my lifetime , scientific research would be furthered massively , would have more of a say on space policy when countries like china/india are racing ahead , could use space to help tackle big issues of climate change etc people here generally think space budget is a waste of money :( . 
  do you think the holocaust was made up ? 
  at least 48 % agree with you , most of london , scotland , and in professional circles pretty much everyone does . 
  do n't know if this is `` european '' but still relevant http://m.imgur.com/gallery/i6dnqeo, 
  ireland since it looks so similar to the uk and if i am going to fly somewhere it will be to a more culturally different country . 
  i agree the dream is for everyone including uk to be happy in the eu . 
  but realistically i 'm pretty sure australians would prefer open borders with the uk than the eu right now if they had to choose . 
  the australian immigration rules are quite strict and they would n't want open access for all of eastern europe . 
  also loads of aussies/brits/canadians / nz immigrate between these countries for lifestyle rather than economic reasons so it makes sense to have open borders . 
  in any case the aussies are already in talks for a free trade deal . 
  the uk used to do loads of trade with the commonwealth till membership of eu stopped that . 
  now its about getting that going again . 
  and i am pro-eu , just trying to see the positives in this mess we are in . 
  thanks for the inevitable downvotes !, 
  surely it 's more viable to get the old commonwealth realms back together . 
  common language/tongue/culture / head of state/way of government/law . 
  sydney felt more like london and anywhere on the continent . 
  would be great ( and likely way less politically sensitive ) to have free movement/trade between aus , uk , canada , nz . 
  ( england ) no , but its `` free at the point of use '' . 
  fees are paid back if you earn over a certain amount per year , are a small percentage of salary and get wiped if not paid by a certain time . 
  its effectively a graduate `` tax '' . 
  haha i did n't realise yes minister would be popular outside the uk . 
  i know that europeans can tell the difference at least between southern `` normal '' english and yorkshire english since i had to translate for my erasmus class when we watched a video where a yorkshireman was speaking and they could n't understand it . 
  easier to steal ? 
  ( joke !, 
  ) , although top gear had a funny feature on an episode in ( i think romania ) where there appeared to be a suspiciously large amount of uk-drive luxury cars . 
  especially your point about the eu referendum . 
  the 48 % are usually forgotten about in any uk is dumb for leaving the eu circle-jerk . 
  are you sure ? 
  to come onto the jobs market as the great recession of 2008 onwards hit ? 
  at least you got a 10 year head start on house prices plus free uni tuition fees . 
  random fact , the uk has the highest number of tornadoes recorded per square mile . 
  however they tend to not be very destructive . 
  although there was one bad one in birmingham a few years ago . 
  floods are generally the thing to be most worried about . 
  its a fair assumption to make for real life travel . 
  i have tried to make an effort to learn european languages and use them ( french , german , russian ) but mainlanders always immediately tell that i am english and switch to speaking it , so now i do n't bother !, 
  general exception is older people in small villages . 
  also shout out to netherlands where the english seems better than in the uk . 
  for example i was shocked to be served by someone speaking the queen 's english in mcdonalds . 
  far cry from the grunts i am used to hearing at home . 
  would recommend a cheap flight to malta or marrakech . 
  it would be cheaper than the train you speak of ( eurostar ) . 
  the owner is `` qe2 in right of the crown '' whatever that means . 
  windsor castle , continuously owned by the royal family since late 11th century im guessing ? 
  bloody hot in summer , and very busy . 
  what struck me was all the ugly metal stairway fire escapes down the sides of buildings . 
  similar to london i guess but with worse looking buildings and a more `` boring '' street layout . 
  i would consider moving there since my salary would be double and the houses in middle class new jersey are generally much bigger and nicer than the equivalent suburbs of london . 
  also private swimming pools seem pretty normal !, 
  ( uk ) where do i start , here are a few . . boggy bottom bitchfield brown willy faggot horneyman minge lane shingaycum wendy spanker lane shitterton thong titty hill, 
  europeans do n't support terrorism against israel . 
  however there is sympathy for oppressed palestinians who have been evicted from lands/kept in what is effectively a giant prison . 
  also some would argue the way israel treats palestine gives further cause for attacks on israel . 
  that does not mean that they `` support '' attacks on israel or support hamas . 
  some politicians here want to engage with hamas to help mediate a resolution but even that is condemned . 
  quite different from terrorist attacks purely based on crazy ideology that anyone who does n't practice a medieval version of islam is a heretic and deserves to be beheaded or blown up . 
  counterfeit goods can still be prevented from being sold . 
  if it is suspected then the police can raid the seller and seize goods . 
  or loads can be inspected if there are reasons to suspect illegal items are crossing borders . 
  european community law states `` quantitative restrictions on imports/exports and all measures having equivalent affect shall be prohibited between member states except on the grounds of ... [ lots of stuff such as protection of national treasures ] and protection of intellectual property '' . 
  i think most english hope you stay with us !, 
  the 48 % , london , young people , and non-tories need a progressive force for good in the union . 
  also stronger together and all that . 
  maybe some sort of total devo-max settlement would work ? 
  i imagine most in europe ( especially the frogs ) would also be happy to see the old rival weakened . 
  i get the impression most europeans on reddit consider scotland in a very positive way , and that they are the plucky underdog yearning to be free from the shackles of evil england . 
  i think most hope scotland obtains independence soon !, 
  at least to be a fy to the ruk that voted brexit . 
  stupid and one of the arguments the brexiteers used against the eu . 
  the bbc did a piece showing how ridiculous it was that such a major expensive operation has to regularly take place to pointlessly move everything between the two parliaments . 
  it would have reinforced many negative perceptions of the eu here and was another ( albeit minor ) argument us pro-remainers had to contend with . 
  stereotype of typical american tourists in london ( skip to 1:25 ) https://youtu.be/mldrqcosl-s, 
  have you considered uk ? 
  english is spoken there !, 
  i know netherlands has loads of english courses also . 
  if i were you id stay in the us , likely to get better quality education in engineering/aviation . 
  i would have loved to study in the us but could not afford it . 
  australia . 
  nice to see the old colonies doing well in this sub . 
  wish we could emulate their quality of life . 
  looking at around 50 million gbp for a house in belgravia . 
  at least the pound has fallen !, 
  l [ ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/eaton_square#/media/file%3aeaton_square%2c_london_sw1w_-_geograph.org.uk_-_1109683.jpg ), 
  london ( apart from the joke london independence to stay part of eu campaign , though even that is effectively rejecting nationalism ), 
  i do n't think anyone can argue its `` not democratic '' . 
  otherwise they are saying its undemocratic for anyone to be subject to a decision that they did not vote for ?
