  if i 'm being really selfish it would be quite good for us !, 
  but yea , disaster all round for everyone else . 
  as originally proposed by churchill , france . 
  we would get food , culture , wine . 
  they would get better services like in banking and experience the joy of shops being open on sunday . 
  plus combined we would be a truly global superpower with territories dotted around the world and unrivalled maritime territory . 
  how do you manage to keep it all together !, 
  everyone and their mum wants to be independent here . 
  i do n't think we love them like how you like european ones since it 's so commonly heard in films/tv . 
  in contrast i guess it 's relatively rare for you to hear british accents unless it 's somebody actively trying to make it sound classy in downton abbey or as the pantomime villain . 
  we also do n't share your love of the french accent !, 
  success at that age is measured based on exam results so parents would rather kids spend the time studying . 
  also my generation is from the `` health and safety '' obsessed parent gen who are much more protective than their parents were . 
  i.e no playing games in the street and ignore all strangers etc in any case there are n't many jobs here for them apart from the odd paper round or weekend retail job which most middle class mums would be horrified to let their precious children be exposed to . 
  having said that i had a retail job at high school and feel my cv does stand out for this so i would not say it is the wrong thing to do . 
  iceland . 
  would be relatively easy to subjugate the small population and the cod wars would finally be settled . 
  plus nice place to go on holiday . 
  also did n't we already do it `` as a precautionary measure '' during ww2 . 
  not talking ( much ) on public transport . 
  taking history in high school we did civil rights movement , cold war ( tea party movement , communist witch hunts , cuban missile crisis , u2 incident , vietnam war ) . 
  i too am very interested in north korea but have not been due to the expense . 
  i have a chinese friend who goes often with his dad on business trips though . 
  he says the people are desperately poor and they give tiny denomination coins to kids there who go crazy with joy . 
  i went to cuba recently and that felt that was like nk-lite . 
  no shops or commercialisation . 
  wide empty roads . 
  separate currency for tourists . 
  queues everywhere , internet only in government hotspots . 
  propaganda signs everywhere . 
  really old cars . 
  got continuously stopped by police ( we look cuban illegally driving a `` t '' rental car maybe ? ), 
  they are slowly opening up like china so there are some private restaurants and people rent out nice places on air bnb . 
  definitely got an experience of a `` communist '' country plus there was music , beaches and salsa dancing to the so was happy . 
  rent a car and explore ( as far as you can without being randomly stopped if you stray too far from established tourist places ! ), 
  vietnam does n't `` feel '' communist in any form as a tourist . 
  cuba on the other hand was the weirdest place i have been . 
  definitely go asap !, 
  rent a car , explore , and do n't go to the resorts . 
  yea sounds like our system is the same as the us with multiple credit rating agencies . 
  it could have an effect by providing arguments for eurosceptic parties to bang on about but in reality i do n't think so . 
  the uk does n't use the euro . 
  the prospect of eurozone members extricating themselves is much more complex and risky economically . 
  uk is the second biggest economy in eu ( roughly 18 % of it ) and within the biggest 6 in the world by some measures . 
  plus they have relatively massive diplomatic , military and trading power compared to non-eurozone countries . 
  also there are close historical links to the us and commonwealth . 
  there are loads of factors that mean they are much more likely to succeed compared to if say poland or denmark went it alone . 
  in summary , most of the brexit arguments could not apply to most eu countries and therefore it would be much harder to make the case for them leaving the eu . 
  i do n't think the eu would want to harm the uk in any situation , a prosperous uk will be of enormous benefit since so many jobs there depend on exports to the uk . 
  downvotes disclaimer : i am about saying i think the uk will succeed , this is purely a hypothetical scenario !, 
  i am part of the forgotten 48 % . 
  generally we throw everyone into one school like in the us . 
  you can leave at 16 to pursue vocational trades or stay till 18 and go to university . 
  traditionally there were ( and still are some ) grammar schools that are academically selective where the education is more rigorous ( basically better quality ) and you are more likely to go to uni than if you went to a `` comprehensive '' school . 
  however governments have deemed this system elitist and unfair although now there is talk of bringing back grammar schools . 
  if you are rich you get a relatively easy pass to uni by going to a private school . 
  right !, 
  that makes more sense, 
  there are so many random answers !, 
  did n't realise this was such a contested topic . 
  it is widely regarded here that the first powered aeroplane flight was by the wright brothers . 
  yes . 
  although uk government is to blame too since they could have put transitional controls in place . 
  fair point but would n't nato have served that purpose ? 
  fair enough if you think 51 % of the whole uk is stupid . 
  personally i think they were misinformed and let down by politicians taking advantage of a lack of understanding about what the eu is about . 
  ( i 'm massively pro eu ) may be controversial but it expanded too quickly . 
  we should have helped eastern europe to reach more similar levels of development to the west before admitting them . 
  it should have expanded slower but with more integration . 
  we would have a more integrated europe economically / practically speaking and brexit would n't have happened . 
  also there is a problem of democracy . 
  big part of the brexit campaign is that nobody voted for the president of the european council and it seemed like laws were n't democratically decided . 
  if the eu actually is democratic , then it 's a massive problem with educating people how the eu works . 
  finally , that ridiculous movement of the parliament between brussels and strasbourg . 
  for my particular local area , definitely india ( punjab to be precise ) . 
  really !, 
  last time i looked germany was n't a dictatorship and merkel had n't decreed that she owns the presidential palace for life . 
  yes . 
  the problem in london is foreign investors buying property purely as investments . 
  many of the new luxury high rises do n't have any lights on at night !, 
  ( flats are leases but foreigners can own freehold land too ), 
  shirt and trousers , no tie necessary . 
  free movement , free trade for many of the best quality products in the world . 
  nice to feel part of a massive union that has your back as an eu citizen . 
  it 's like how europeans can also be proud of the moon landings since many of many of the technologies involved were developed by europeans . 
  it was the culmination of hundreds of years is scientific development that also took place in europe . 
  i 've travelled to vietnam by train from moscow . 
  made me appreciate the schengen so much . 
  borders were a nightmare , e.g. 
  spent the best part of a day crossing from russia to mongolia . 
  had to sit around for hours on the platform while the whole train was shunted off and checked ( with luggage on board ) . 
  passports were taken god knows where . 
  border guards demanded bribes for any minor documentary irregularities . 
  ( all this happened on both sides of the border ) . 
  to be fair the uk france border is also annoying if you take the bus . 
  have to get off the bus and queue , get back on , do the same on the other side , sniffer dogs get on the bus . . 
  guess they do n't trust plebs who take the bus since driving is n't so bad . 
  just confirming i did mean in the eyes of tabloids !, 
  agree with the gist of your points . 
  here they have access to modified xbox 360 's ( with no wifi ) .
