  i 'm not sure i really am . 
  i have paid in euros at john lewis . 
  they just calculated it using the mastercard exchange rate . 
  i feel european but more connected to canada , australia , new zealand , and the us . 
  travelling to these places ( in general ) i feel like i could integrate immediately and culturally feel at home . 
  especially australia where people seem albeit a tad more `` laddish '' quite similar to home . 
  it is shocking to travel 20 hours to sydney to suddenly feel like i could be in london in places . 
  i really hope we can have free movement between these countries . 
  i have tried living in france and i truly felt like a total alien . 
  i also used to visit family in belgium/poland and i did not feel any connection to those countries . 
  i do wish we stayed in the eu though . 
  ireland . 
  sounds basically the same as home with different accents and whenever people talk about good times there it always involves drinking . 
  and i do n't drink . 
  realistically i will never spend a holiday there . 
  sigh , the daily american wanting to be loved by europeans thread . 
  yes , it 's ok , i know the europeans can be a bit mean but we love you really . 
  do n't be sad . 
  funny thing is , it would n't feel like that graduating from a russell group in engineering . 
  people found it really tough to get jobs and the most annoying thing is many engineering companies have higher salaries for people on their grad finance scheme ( requiring business/finance degrees ) than on the engineering schemes !, 
  suppose it 's true you have better prospects than with an arts degree though . 
  according to this the top courses in the uk are nursing , phycology , and law . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/education-32230793 people here also scoff at the arts but it 's massively to do with which uni it is at . 
  i.e history at oxford or cambridge would be highly regarded vs. that at southampton solent . 
  refer to this and tease back : http://www.nomad4ever.com/2007/11/26/55-nations-stereotypes-that-will-ruin-or-make-your-day/, 
  i think what often bothers non-americans on the internet is that americans often come across as thinking they are the best simply by virtue of being part of the biggest economy/superpower etc. 
  r/murica sort of summarises it even though it is a joke subreddit , many americans seem to embody that sort of militant patriotism . 
  so all the negative stuff europeans do is sort of a kickback to that . 
  humans are naturally tribal , and this is going to be massively magnified on reddit country groups and the internet . 
  you have to get over it . 
  at the end of the day if you turn up in a pub , or if i go to a bar in ny , most likely everyone is going to be friendly !, 
  you thinking everyone hates americans simply based on the internet is further indication of the alleged american lack of awareness of the wider world that europeans love to banter about . 
  i would n't take how they behave at school to be an indication of affection . 
  in some cultures public display of affection is not as normal as others . 
  to answer your question directly , i imagine the uk is the same as the us in that regard . 
  i have n't been but i 'd be interested to . 
  especially biot ( british indian ocean territory ) since the sea life looks amazing and untouched since no one can go there . 
  also pitcairn islands with a population of less than 50 . 
  the guy who made this bbc documentary claims to be the first person to visit all the uk territories . 
  it 's an interesting watch if you can access the episodes : http://www.britainstreasureislands.com, 
  i have considered that !, 
  not many jobs there though . 
  spanish weather in uk . 
  that would be my dream country . 
  low-cost . 
  just whatever is cheapest . 
  ba is n't that great . 
  the same except i 've never heard of the `` greatest generation '' or the `` silent generation '' . 
  there is n't really an equivalent name for those . 
  i think literally the whole country is descended from immigrants !, 
  yes , there is literally no practical reason to speak another language unless family/cultural interest/profession . 
  it 's relatively rare that people need/want to for those reason . 
  tbh i reckon people speak better english in places like netherlands . 
  it was shocking to hear the queens english in fast food stores compared to the colloquial grunts you hear in my local places . 
  currently playing the witcher 3/uncharted on the ps4 and persona 4 on the vita also borderlands co-op split screen with the gf . . almost finished handsome jack collection so looking for a new coop split screen fps . 
  they do n't seem to make them anymore :(, 
  wow each city ? 
  weird . 
  i might as well add that what you said is also true for all of england . 
  no , it 's revenge , not punishment . 
  the eye for an en eye mentality is ridiculous , it 's like punishing a rapist with having someone rape them back . 
  you would rather die than go to prison ? 
  at least in prison you have the opportunity to prove your innocence and your family can still see you . 
  your wife is scared of being near any muslims since she is ex-muslim ? 
  i get that saudi or pakistan may not be the ideal location but care to explain what you are worried will happen in any european country ? 
  btw travelled around morocco with my gf and found the people to be amazingly welcoming without exception . 
  the wine was good too !, 
  the ( massively guesstimating ) 30 % of the population here aware of the existence of a country called macedonia will call it macedonia . 
  probably barely anyone is aware of it officially being called fyrom . 
  uk is probably in the middle of the two extremes you describe . 
  will get a fair bit of respect and praise but nothing like the godlike veneration in the us . 
  i think they are generally popular with the `` middle age - middle class '' demographic . 
  we like crime dramas also ( especially when set in unsuspecting picture perfect rural english villages ) and i guess the scandinavian-ness of the nordic ones makes them more dark/mysterious and feel more culturally interesting . 
  of course they use subtitles to keep the character , we hate dubbing . 
  personally i only ever watched the us version of the killing though it became rubbish when it reached the us only seasons . 
  haha exactly , it 's always a woman in a jumper solving a murder by looking at a lake in the middle of some woods during dusk, 
  uk problems : in foreign countries it seems most people speak english or are eager to practice english . 
  we learn languages at school but but the average joe never gets to practice them . 
  whenever we try to start convos in jilted german/french we usually get an english response . 
  also whenever i 've been abroad with mixed nationalities english always ends up being the de-facto communication language . 
  in france it seemed many young people pick up english from watching us tv shows and it 's not as easy for us to find great foreign tv shows ( though i 'm sure they exist ) . 
  we only get nordic crime dramas broadcast on bbc . 
  so most of us only speak english unless our family speaks a different language at home or it is part of our profession ( rare ) . 
  i agree that they would only take over russian speaking areas . 
  i do n't think eu/nato membership is bulletproof . 
  russia already proved that they can annex a territory without outwardly attacking in any way . 
  in any case russia correctly must realise that nato would likely not do anything . 
  i ask you , what military action would we take?realistically the french/british/us public will not want to risk nuclear war over ( as you point out ) a few kilometres square land in the baltics . 
  not to mention the trump-putin bond . 
  bigger western pressure is n't an issue since they have demonstrated they are not bothered by sanctions . 
  i agree there is not much to take but as i said below , it 's about shifting the global balance of power/gaining domestic popularity/weakening nato . 
  if russia demonstrates that it can do this to nato countries , then we have a changed world order . 
  it is similar for crimea , why would they be willing to be hit with massive sanctions causing massive damage to the economy for a small island where they already have a navy base anyway . 
  i do n't know if putin is a dictator but russia is clearly not a democracy . 
  there is a low chance that russia will try and annex baltic territory but that is enough for there to be a substantial threat as was op 's original question . 
  the british/french governments also take this view and that is why we have deployed hundreds of troops to the baltics and raf typhoons to counter this threat . 
  maybe , but that 's tricker to call . 
  russia have already demonstrated they can control the narrative . 
  i guess it is possible that nato would act differently but there is still a substantial threat as op asked . 
  hence baltic air policing etc.
