guess i would end up taking refuge in a pub and using the obligatory winchester rifle to defend myself before escaping via the cellar . 
  i would expect everything to blow over eventually and then keep the zombies as cheap labour or to play videogames with . 
  lib dems want a federal uk , but that does n't mean it 's a popular idea !, 
  i understand : go , i give you a flair for me to ( something ) not write in english more ? 
  my best effort !, 
  english , english , and english, 
  my answer to your points would be : i do n't get what policies the eu government has done to make our lives worse . 
  but i admit the eu can be improved to be more transparent and democratic i agree , but we can do that from the inside . 
  your mixing up issues re immigrants . 
  so many studies show they put in more than take out . 
  i guess it comes down to experience but i 've been mugged by white locals before , never had issues with immigrants . 
  in fact i moved to an immigrant-heavy area where i felt safer and there was a more community/family feel . 
  eu is our biggest trading partner , and the only way we could possibly replace it is by doing our own shadowy deals with america !, 
  i hope i am proved wrong on everything and it works . 
  i am doubtful and feel like nobody gives a shit about the 48 % `` remoaners '' who happen to mostly be the future of this country . 
  austin powers ( including fat bastard for scotland ! ), 
  or the jag advert : https://youtu.be/e7gr7eyjcp8 not sure if i can think of any bad ones . 
  nope, 
  not a victim but i struggle to understand why people voted brexit so i guess that actually makes me a bigot . 
  well that 's part of the problem !, 
  ask reddit !, 
  i also think that the 48 % are generally always forgotten in brexit discussions , even by our politicians . 
  mostly exclusive to the reddit smugbrigade but that we all voted brexit , are xenophobic , and want eu nationals to leave asap . 
  we do n't really think of conquerors , that 's not very british . 
  more settling/exploring or `` civilising '', 
  crash bandicoot/ctr grand theft auto skyrim civ honourable mention : the last of us ( loving the witcher 3 but not played long enough to know if it makes the hall of fame ! ), 
  well i think the locals write `` llanfair pg '' as an abbreviation so it 's not actually too bad !, 
  yes , private school . 
  we had a shooting at range at school for cadets to practice . 
  learnt to dismantle and use enfield rifles and army standard issue sa80 rifle . 
  fun times !, 
  i also shot some pistols in a gun shop range in florida . 
  i think this will be very similar across at least westem europe and usa . 
  cars : bmw , audi , merc , jaguar , lexus , range rover , bentley electronics : bang olufsen , bose , apple fashion : burberry , paul smith , armani , mulberry , barbour , hackett , thomas pink , crockett ( shoes ) fragrance : jo malone , floris appliances : dualit , kitchenaid , smeg , aga watches : cartier , rolex , patek philippe airlines : british airways , virgin atlantic ( i guess these are not really luxury but there is a stereotype that upper class people prefer them over budget or foreign carriers ) some uk specific ones : groceries : waitrose department stores : selfridges , fortnum and mason , harvey nichols , harrods , liberty guns : boss and co, 
  you missed quite a few if your including overseas territories , e.g cayman islands , pitcairn islands , ascension , british virgin islands . . not sure if ireland counted as a colony ? 
  maybe it did , guess that will be a contentious issue !, 
  as potential places to emigrate to ( settler colonies ! ), 
  overseas territories seem like tax havens and are basically different countries in all but name . 
  use the store delivery service normally . 
  i think we usually live in smaller houses and have less large goods/land compared to americans so it 's less of an issue . 
  i 'm not saying it 's european-esque . 
  i 'm saying it 's closer to the rest of the anglosphere than the us is . 
  social mobility, 
  uk , canada , australia , nz are particularly close culturally . 
  i could travel between these countries and integrate in a flash . 
  ( apart from quebec maybe ) . 
  the us is a bit different due to politics , culture . 
  obvious examples are tuition , guns , healthcare , death penalty . 
  also my company has offices in canada and aus . 
  they do n't open in the us since the regs are so crazy different there . 
  it would take longer to get used to living in the us . 
  us is part of the anglosphere but yes , more distant than the rest . 
  i imagine because ceuta and melilla are `` integral parts of spain '' whilst gibraltar is a mere `` overseas territory '' and therefore should be decolonised . 
  # 120,000 for a 2 bed terraced house in north birmingham . 
  it is affordable on an average wage . 
  # 700 pm to rent a flat in the city centre . 
  affordable for professionals . 
  multiply by 3-5 for where i grew up in london !, 
  if they live in europe i think it 's safe to assume they are from the country of india . 
  surrey , buckinghamshire , berkshire ( regions around london ) oxfordshire , cambridgeshire , bristol i guess if it has to not be near the capital . 
  acccording to the oxford english dictionary : country : nation with its own government , occupying a particular territory . 
  scotland fulfils that and so can be considered a country . 
  provinces are subdivisions of countries . 
  a state is either sovereign or part of a federal republic . 
  not relevant for scotland . 
  do n't think so in england . 
  maybe in northern scotland . 
  suppose rockall technically would count !, 
  not quite that scenario but in the 2015 elections ukip got 3,881,099 votes and ended with one seat . 
  the scottish national party took 1,453,436 votes and ended with 56 seats . 
  for comparison with a uk-wide party , lib dems got 2.4 million votes and had 8 seats . 
  there is a big debate that our old fptp system does not yield governments that reflect the will of the people . 
  ( maybe a good thing in the case of ukip ) . 
  guess people generally accept that it 's the natural outcome though . 
  the uk has more tornadoes than the us in terms of unit land area , although they tend to be much weaker and less hollywood . 
  thanks , corrected !, 
  for everyone to leave apart from germany , malta , baltic states , ireland . 
  maybe netherlands . 
  cayman islands for the sun and sea if we are including territories . 
  otherwise the closest region/city to my own city london that i am allowed !, 
  some people are embarrassed here too but not me . 
  as soon as i break the silence and ask for tap water then loads of other people in the party usually follow suit ( or even change their order to tap water ! ), 
  most agree with lib dems since i think the new leader vince cable speaks a lot of sense , is the only leader truly pro eu and they are centrist in between the extremes of the ruling right wing conservatives and lefty labour ( who i begrudgingly voted for tactically to help reduce conservative mandate ) . 
  ca n't see them getting much support though due to the first past the post system they are a wasted vote in most constituencies . 
  british national party . 
  or i guess ukip for a party that has had mps recently . 
  i experienced some poor food in paris . 
  also because i was on a budget i stayed in st-denis neighbourhood . 
  it was not the paris that i have seen in books !, 
  tbf i know all cities have extremes , do n't mean to diss paris and i loved it overall . 
  it 's just more poignant because of the stereotypes . 
  think i just had a mild case of paris syndrome : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_syndrome, 
  i suppose it 's a good idea in terms of practicality . 
  but it seems strange how monetary policy is set by a bank in germany for a range of countries that diverge so much economically . 
  like if a country has high levels of consumer debt then a low interest rate may be damaging and vice versa . 
  i do n't really get how it works to optimally satisfy the economic needs of all countries until all public policy is centrally managed . 
  continentals seem to mostly approve of it though so fair enough . 
  even europhiles here would not like the uk to adopt it though . 
  i do n't know the difference between canadian and american . 
  can tell the rest of anglophone nations apart though .
