  i do n't think they are able to get gta though otherwise we would know via the tabloids . 
  it is scandalous enough for them that they get access to fifa . 
  i thought askeurope was mainly set up so non-europeans could ask europeans things about europe !, 
  although we europeans do ask each other about countries in europe too . 
  indians for uk . 
  i 'd say they are more equivalent to mexicans than polish since indian culture , particularly cuisine has permeated british food much like mexican food has in the us . 
  we also have a fair few indians on tv or in films . 
  polish are here too in great numbers and are hard working , but being relatively recent immigrants , i do n't think they have permeated british culture so much as mexicans have in the us . 
  under a counter in the kitchen . 
  only place it can go . 
  the dirty clothes go in the washing machine ? 
  then you take them out of the kitchen for drying . 
  you do n't leave them lying around the kitchen . 
  also it is usually convenient to put it under a counter to save space . 
  where do you put it in the bathroom ? 
  that sounds weird to me !, 
  i think rockstar is now actually based in usa , but the studio that makes gta ( rockstar north ) is in scotland . 
  gta series , and the witcher 3, 
  north england ( generic ) : https://youtu.be/qztynhwolz4 north england ( yorkshire ) : https://youtu.be/jy4td2hbg_a north england ( liverpool scousers ) : https://youtu.be/eihfwljsqug scotland : https://youtu.be/slu1ouykmik northern ireland : https://youtu.be/wxpyw_w5pgo wales : https://youtu.be/orwoj5weyqc south england ( posh north london ) : https://youtu.be/1i4rgxoi73c bonus : ireland : https://youtu.be/61ftnaauia8, 
  i ca n't say i actually get annoyed at tourists except for things that are not their fault . 
  probably really pedantic as a driver but for all tourists please note that pedestrians have priority on zebra crossings , please just walk and not wait for cars in the distance to drive all the way up to the crossing and stop , plus wait 5 seconds to make actually sure they can cross and the driver has n't randomly coincidentally stopped . 
  also italians taking overly loud on the train . 
  guess that 's it really . 
  why do you use the term `` isolationism '' ? 
  gb was heavily involved in european affairs back then ? 
  stay . 
  though you are asking the wrong place if you want a broad range of views !, 
  haha also a worthy contender, 
  we use - gate for all sorts of scandals . 
  however the average young person does n't know it 's origin . 
  i only do since i took history in high school my favourite has to be bigotgate !, 
  literally have no idea . 
  every single publication says something different . 
  according to reddit and the guardian everything here is shit . 
  according to the telegraph and tabloids things are pretty good ( fastest growing g7 economy etc ) . 
  the bbc seems to alternate between positive and negative things . 
  plus everyone and their mum wants to be independent and now there may be a phoney war with spain over gibraltar stirred up by the eu or u.k. depending on what you read . 
  all i can say is my local city seems to be doing well . 
  loads of construction and redevelopment . 
  lots of new industry springing up helped by government funding . 
  engineering ( my field ) seems to be on the up with record car exports . 
  guess the answer to this will vary massively depending how wealthy you are and where you live in the country . 
  in a way yes , since culture , political systems , and level of development is so much more similar than say us with romania . 
  also our old colonies tend to be ranked as the best places to emigrate to so that would make things easier for many of us wanting off this island . 
  still sucks to leave the eu though . 
  enjoy your cheap champers and prosecco !, 
  not sure if you can make that comparison since there is no `` constitution '' in the u.k. 
  in effect everything is `` at the whim '' of the uk parliament . 
  not held a referendum , or at least require there to be a two thirds majority for it to pass which is the norm for major constitutional change . 
  another option would be for home nations to have a veto so that they are not dragged out against their will resulting in the breakup of the uk . 
  we would not be leaving the eu . 
  worth mentioning that in england the largest note is # 50 and most people in england and wales have never seen a scottish # 100 note . 
  i do n't know about being what china is now . 
  my understanding is most of the russian empire was desperately poor and lacking any industry . 
  citizenship , ethnicity , and identity are separate things . 
  for example you can be a british citizen , ethnically indian , and identify as british , english , indian , . . whatever you want . 
  haha fair enough, 
  i think us english will be the first to admit england is pretty shit but i 'm interested to know for what reasons europeans would not like it here ? 
  see chinooks randomly around the country every few months or so and the odd fast jet . 
  also see convoys of military trucks/land rovers on the motorway maybe also every couple of months . 
  they were the `` bad '' government in the balkans and still claim kosovo . 
  that 's all i have heard !, 
  it 's fairly similar all over europe with a slight skew towards local manufacturers and expensive/cheaper brands depending on the wealth of the country . 
  there 's also a skew towards japanese cars in the u.k due to nissan/toyota factories and lhd . 
  own a cheap car and living in my own place . 
  i could survive without one but public transport is so much slower particularly if i 'm not going in and out of the city . 
  i see the car as a massive time saving machine and i love not being beholden to schedules/ticket prices . 
  i also choose to drive to work since it is much more comfortable . 
  maybe `` we were number 1 in the 19th century '' is more appropriate, 
  harry potter . 
  the remaining five eyes i guess ( can , aus , nz ) , although these seem more popular than the us since they share more in common with u.k. 
  in terms of politics/culture and have better reputations for quality of life . 
  plus it is hardest to get immigration permits to the us . 
  it 's more like the uk than either imo . 
  it was so weird ending a 20 plus hour journey to sydney and walking around what felt like a more spacious london . 
  i 'd argue it is more like the us than mainland europe though because of language/culture/diversity . 
  i like that police do n't routinely carry guns here . 
  very strict , simply put no liquids greater than 100ml and literally nothing that can be construed as sharp . 
  i once got away with a nail clipper but was lucky . 
  i thought this was worldwide so i apply those rules everywhere , but i guess not in austria . 
  bonus point : i got questioned in france since they they were really suspicious of the cricket ball in my bag and they only let me take it after much persuasion . 
  guess they had never seen one before , bloody savages !, 
  the wire , the sopranos , and true detective ( s1 ) is the holy trinity for me . 
  honourable mention for breaking bad , the office ( us and u.k. ) , peep show , only fools and horses . 
  guess our representation is pretty good and usually quite funny . 
  although it focuses on london and the south east of england or scotland . 
  i wonder if americans know about the various accents/dielects we have . 
  at least ozzy is there representing brum . 
  the bad teeth jokes in cartoons get boring though , sounds like a stereotype from the sixties that has just stuck now forever . 
  and why are we often the bad guys !, 
  haha i actually learnt about netherlands from that film when i was a kid . 
  and belgium . 
  well devolution was supposed to solve that . 
  i think we should move to a federal system . 
  also have an electoral college system so england gets less influence , plus maybe split england into the separate city regions . 
  i agree power is too centralised at westminster . 
  i think we would all be weaker if scotland left and could cause chaos . 
  likely the majority would be really slim similar to brexit . 
  us 48 % feel awful about leaving the eu , think how the scottish 48 % will feel about having their country split . 
  i also feel like scottish independence is like a `` mini brexit '' and the populist scapegoat is westminster instead of brussels .
