  i guess simply demonstrating power/improving bargaining position/gaining more domestic support for government/weaken eu/nato since it could demonstrate they ca n't defend against such tactics . 
  same can be asked about crimea . 
  they already have the naval base that provides strategic value and it seems a bit much to annex simply due to `` symbolic character '' . 
  i object to your assertion that the daily mail is `` middle market '' and comparable to the guardian and the independent . 
  this is the front page of a tabloid !!, 
  the baltics were part of the russian empire pre-ussr from 1700 's . 
  they only gained independence after ww1 . 
  but i agree that russians feel more especially connected to crimea . 
  yea , but crimea was n't attacked . 
  there was an armed insurrection by `` separatists '' who then held a `` legal referendum '' to join russia . 
  they both speak russian and we 're once part of the ussr ? 
  the russian government seems to think they are comparable in some way : https://themoscowtimes.com/news/russia-sees-need-to-protect-russian-speakers-in-nato-baltic-states-39450, 
  i 'm not saying it 's likely but there is a substantial threat . 
  if putin covertly sends in the `` men in balaclavas '' again , there a question mark over how nato would react . 
  i doubt we would be willing to risk a nuclear confrontation over this and putin may be willing to call nato 's bluff over it . 
  we should not pretend that there is no threat to these areas simply based on the strength ( on paper ) of nato . 
  i think they do pose a threat to the baltics . 
  they could do a `` crimea '' to annex the areas of russian speaking populations . 
  realistically , we are not going to go to war with russia over this and unfortunately putin knows that . 
  furthermore as seen in the latest us election they could infiltrate and influence democratic processes . 
  this is a cool video , can anyone post any equivalent videos of different accents in their language ? 
  as a native english speaker i have never noticed different accents in foreign languages although i 'm sure they exist !, 
  everyone has different reasons for hating other places due to history . 
  for example poland v russia and germany is an obvious one . 
  although if you want a general europe-wide focus of present hatred then perhaps `` england '' as an entity . 
  brexit ( wales get away with this since they are a celtic nation along with ireland and we all love the celtic nations !, 
  ) , plus for bullying and controlling poor little plucky scotland . 
  also we appear to have had the best deal in the eu but are still never satisfied and europeans often seem to have an idea that we all think we are better than them . 
  before brexit i spoke to french people who thought this anyway since we did not join the euro . 
  father ted, 
  we simply drove up in a 4x4 and there was no real acclimatisation or notice that there could be any issues ( this is india and health and safety does n't exist ) . 
  i remember feeling quite sick and it was a relief when we descended again !, 
  north : st petersburg , russia south : sydney , australia east : byron bay , australia west : orlando , florida highest : 18,000 ft in the himalayas . 
  stopped for lunch . 
  plus the traffic was horrendous !, 
  france - 12 months ( erasmus plus trips ) belgium - 6 months ( family member lived there ) rest all holidays or school trips : italy - 3 months russia - 2 months germany - 1 month switzerland - 1 month spain - 3 weeks turkey - 3 weeks malta - 1.5 weeks poland - 1.5 weeks netherlands - 1 week luxembourg - 3 hours, 
  because we do n't feel personally affronted when we see comments on reddit include banter about our countries . 
  to be fair it must be weird to log on to reddit the first time as an american see comments that are n't true to r/murica patriotism . 
  why do n't you just go chill there ? 
  roughly 4 times a year . 
  usually to outside europe since i am usually searching for warmer climates in culturally interesting places e.g. 
  do have the odd long weekend in france/italy/spanish islands though . 
  it 's mental to think people never see outside the us . 
  poor souls !, 
  we are constantly bombarded with news/documentaries/charity appeals about how shit life is for palestinian children so i reckon most people do n't think favourably of israel . 
  you mean the us reverting to its rightful status as a british overseas territory !, 
  yea guess your right that most of us do n't give a toss . 
  so the majority of people in the north want to reunite with ireland ? 
  it ca n't happen since barely anyone wants that . 
  the best chance the uk has of being part of a superpower is remaining in the eu . 
  even if your proposal was achieved the gdp would only roughly equate japan and still be a minnow compared to us/china/eu . 
  also forget ireland entirely !, 
  best you can hope for is commonwealth free trade area with freedom of movement which is what i hope can happen . 
  spain . 
  old people retire there , and young people get wasted on the islands . 
  if you 've only been to one country ever it was probably france on a school trip . 
  i wonder if australians are also different in their native habitat !, 
  no ours is in crisis and doctors were even on strike . 
  most doctors want to emigrate to oz/nz . 
  there is simply not enough investment from the government . 
  maybe you are thinking of the french/scandi state systems that i heard were genuinely good . 
  uk nhs is one of the worlds largest single employers and wildly inefficient . 
  there is no possibility of bringing in private companies to help ( who could potentially run things more efficiently for cheaper and it remain free for users ) since it is a golden egg of politics to keep it almost totally state-owned/run . 
  that said it still `` functions '' , just massive waiting times/chaotic hospitals, 
  that sounds pretty standard for us at least !, 
  i am led to believe that there is literally nothing bad about canada and it is perfect in every way apart from being cold . 
  is there anything else bad about canada ? 
  weather , congestion , house prices , people who voted brexit, 
  mostly fine as it makes no real difference but the only stupid thing is many homeowners have to take out chancel insurance since if your house is in a parish , the local church can legally demand money from you for repairs . 
  at least it does not cost much but just another admin burden for a pointless ancient law that could potentially ruin your life . 
  so that 's around # 200 per week which sounds reasonable . 
  you should be able to find something for that much even without sharing . 
  how expensive are the places you looked at ? 
  what 's your monthly budget for accommodation ? 
  he 's choosing us as an ally i think !, 
  i 'm sure ireland will enjoy uniting with the uk !, 
  beats me , myself and 48 % of the rest of the voters were remain !, 
  to help out with your budget i 'd recommend checking out flights . 
  usually eurostar is the most expensive way to get to paris . 
  if you have loads of time also consider coaches , but it takes seriously long , like the whole day to get to paris . 
  strong opposition to any concessions to the uk on brexit deal . 
  destiny on launch day . 
  it costs loads now to walk around it , there is always a massive traffic jam , it is really underwhelming consisting of some smaller than expected stones jumbled together . 
  especially considering the great pyramids of giza , egypt were constructed around the same time . 
  it says the starting price at auction was # 750 so presumably it went for much more ? 
  should add total war series for the uk . 
  also sorry everyone for the debacle that was no mans sky . 
  hopefully the updates will help . 
  yea rockstar north are based in edinburgh . 
  the whole point is its a piss take of american culture from the outside . 
  there are subtle clues such as british and scottish flags on a hotel in gta v and characters such as love fist . 
  fair point though i found those games impossible to get into being a mere casual football viewer . 
  i think we come close with the gta series but fair play !, 
  hands down grand theft auto san andreas , or grand theft auto v also worth mentioning the classics : the original roller coaster tycoon and transport tycoon, 
  walking into someone by accident and they say sorry to you . 
  i really like reeses peanut butter cups . 
  you can get them here but it is not so common . 
  also i always used to buy those tins of fruity sour altoids in the us . 
  just do n't get them hershey 's as generally ( at least in uk ) it is regarded as being not very pleasant . 
  this is why i 'm grateful our `` every day '' police do n't carry guns .
