  it 's going to be shit for everyone like the eu ref result . 
  the remainders will be pissed off , the leavers will argue over what they voted for . 
  the result for massive constitutional change ( like the eu one ) could just be due to arbitrary fluctuation of opinion as per polls on the date and based on lies from tabloids . 
  maybe require 2/3rds vote to ensure there is concrete support ? 
  i wish this was the case for the eu ref . 
  nothing , apart from the germans being jealous of it and others was a factor in starting ww1 . 
  if you earn an average wage and live with parents , you could probably get a 50k car on finance and spend all your money on it . 
  some people do this since that is a priority for them . 
  also consider people can buy `` nearly new '' cars for much less than the new price ; and get finance for that . 
  bad , i worked on an audit of a train operating company and the dividends were eye watering . 
  they are all effectively monopolies . 
  private market does not work for trains . 
  salary ratio from the top earners to the lowest . 
  the top earner gets about 40 times the lowest . 
  ( including professional roles only and excluding cleaners and non-skilled labour ) . 
  well no but said villains usually look and sound much more classy than the average brit . 
  american stereotype of uk is n't too bad as it 's generally much better than the reality . 
  annoys me when they use england to refer to all of uk though . 
  there is n't really a known police car nowadays like the old rover 3500 's . 
  police use any cars suited for local needs . 
  i 've seen at least : ford fiesta/focus/mondeo bmw 5 series/x5 jag xf vauxhall corsa/astra/insignia smart car ( london ) skoda octavia dacia duster volvo v40/xc90 mitsubishi lancer evo ( on tv ) land rovers ford transit/mercedes sprinter/vw transit ariel atom ( on tv , one-off loan ) do n't really have any particular thoughts on them !, 
  really enjoyed it , great weather , nice people , fun activities . 
  agree with all the other positive comments . 
  some awkward things though : - the neighbourhood i stayed in with family was embroiled in a dispute with residents of a house who were flying the german flag instead of the us flag outside their house which was strange for me !, 
  - i got questioned by the police ( tbf they were polite ) for walking on the street in orlando during the day . 
  they thought it was suspicious since everyone else was driving , it was boiling hot , and the street was empty . 
  i think they determined the tunnel would be too strong to be damaged by a conventional bomb , but also a nuke would cause extensive damage to the area around the exit !, 
  but yea they decided flooding would be better . 
  there was a proposed plan to nuke the channel tunnel in the event of a soviet invasion of france . 
  ( before the tunnel was even built ) . 
  joe bloggs, 
  in london the cost of living is insanely higher than everywhere else due to housing and transport costs . 
  taxes are not different apart from minor variations . 
  people seem to be still moving there since most high paying jobs are there . 
  i moved away from london and have n't looked back . 
  my quality of life is much better and i can afford to buy an actual nice nice-sized house . 
  i note that some families are now moving away from london for this reason . 
  ca n't complain in birmingham uk . 
  can get 2 bed houses for around # 100k with mortgage of # 300/pm . 
  not sure if new high speed rail link with london will affect that . 
  the challenge is finding a decent paying job though . . 
  i feel like nothing will change for those already here . 
  even ukip do n't talk about actually forcibly removing existing eu residents . 
  all the rhetoric is about reducing/stopping immigration . 
  it is in all interests to let eu and uk citizens abroad stay where they are so i do n't see why they could n't reach a deal on that if not nothing else . 
  if you are stopping first in england grab a three pay as you go sim from any supermarket . 
  if you top up # 25 you get unlimited data for a month ( three feel at home ) . 
  this works in the eu and some other countries ( even australia ! ), 
  no , because i do n't think respect for my private life is damaged by these powers . 
  it pisses me off more how google/amazon seems to store everything i do and actually use that data in advertising . 
  if anything , proposed plans are better for me since i will have the right to remove all data made when below 18 ( assuming your talking about tory manifesto ) . 
  as long as stuff is n't blocked/censored then what 's the big deal ? 
  we are a democracy and people can choose to vote against it . 
  i 'm surprised we did n't already need voter id !, 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  it already is really open to fraud . 
  for example i could vote twice since i have two addresses and get two polling cards . 
  nobody would ever know !, 
  we are the winners , of eurovision ... 
  this has been stuck in my head for 10 years now https://youtu.be/dbadolqpbwg, 
  the fact that scotland and catalonia are not sovereign nations which is a condition for membership as stated by another reply . 
  it 's because your factually wrong . 
  scotland is the second highest upvoted answer !, 
  parliament is not saying they ca n't have another referendum , just that it ca n't be timed to be during brexit negotiations . 
  they will probably have one after brexit if the snp continue to dominate . 
  even the most staunch anti-brit must recognise it would be a bit of an issue for the government to sort out the biggest constitutional change if the century in combination with dealing with another independence ref , also considering they had one only two years ago . 
  patent attorney , # 28k , uk yes i agree with your point , i 've seen salaries starting at $ 100k in the us in this field :( . 
  although it is slightly balanced out by the fact they have to do loads more expensive studies and qualifying before actually working whereas we train a lot on the job . 
  i think this is similar in other professions like accounting . 
  cereal with milk . 
  depends on career . 
  most mechanical engineering jobs will be found out of london in midlands ( around birmingham ) or bristol . 
  if you want to work in a top law firm or bank and earn the most possible in your industry then you would most likely have to start in london . 
  you can find most jobs in any major city , just london will usually pay the most . 
  i do n't mind cctv everywhere as i have experienced first hand how invaluable it is for prosecuting criminals . 
  more concerned about web surveillance . 
  if the government have to track everything everyone does then the terrorists have won . 
  ca n't speak for the rest of europe but i think british tv is great and sometimes even spawns equivalent us versions ( the office , the inbetweeners , top gear , house of cards ) . 
  we have amazing shows like peep show , sherlock , peaky blinders , the thick of it and classics like only fools , blackadder , faulty towers , yes minister . 
  also our humour is different to yours so british comedies are better ( for us ) . 
  we do n't make as many as the us but many watch british shows on tv , plus you usually have to pay for streaming to watch us stuff so i guess popularity is roughly similar . 
  us popularity will be boosted by shows like big bang theory that is on back to back sometimes on daytime tv . 
  in terms of quality i think the uk is roughly the same since although less are made , but much less crap is churned out . 
  however the us also has some unbeatable shows like the sopranos , the wire , true detective ( s1 ) , breaking bad . 
  bbc definitely wins at nature documentaries like planet earth though !, 
  also the news !, 
  three pay as you go . 
  it costs 3p/min , 2p/text , 1p/mb . 
  you can get an add on for # 25 that includes loads of minutes texts and unlimited data . 
  no roaming charges to most of europe and some other countries : http://www.three.co.uk/discover/phones/feel_at_home?id=1523&amp;aidset=1 just grab a sim from any uk supermarket and top up . 
  not offensive in real life , i 'm not personally responsible for the government past actions . 
  but it 's frustrating on reddit when there is a discussion on things such as scottish independence and people end up using the irish/indian famines as leverage in their arguments for why the present uk government as a whole is evil . 
  old people stereotypically retire in spain for the sun and lifestyle . 
  many young educated people go to places like australia for the money and lifestyle . 
  there seem to be a lot of professional people going to places like dubai for work . 
  do n't really know many people who emigrate to europe for work . 
  have neither a positive or negative opinion of emigrants . 
  most of the the major cities . 
  however if i travel for leisure i would rarely consider travelling domestically since sunnier climates and nicer places in europe/north africa are usually less than # 50 away on low cost airlines . 
  i would really like to see the overseas territories but it seems hideously expensive/takes many hours to get to them ( except gibraltar ) .
