  yes , this is a forum to discuss europe . 
  how is blinding ourselves to what goes on in turkey ( at least part of which is geographically in europe ) going to help improve dialogue and knowledge about turkey . 
  in turn this would only serve to improve awareness of the situation there that could lead to change . 
  i for one am interested in reading things posted about turkey here . 
  out of interest op , what did you think could happen to it ? 
  did you think it could close as a result of brexit ? 
  moved to uk after the second world war so about 2 generations . 
  wow , you would earn around 30k euros working as a full time shop assistant ? 
  here it would probably be just over half of that . 
  good point , i do enjoy a good game as the underdog too in the total war games where there is a real difference in how powered you are at the start , compared to civ . 
  guess i like to play as england/gb since i enjoy invading everyone and this is not an unrealistic scenario . 
  sworn enemy would have to be the french , again not an unrealistic scenario !, 
  assuming it 's an app where you find property for rent or to buy then use rightmove or zoopla for uk . 
  do n't know if there is a europe-wide one . 
  about 1600 euros . 
  not common , people would rather put all their assets into getting the nicest `` single '' house they can . 
  or will rent out any second properties they have for income . 
  government are discouraging second homes now by adding extra tax on second home purchases due to housing shortage . 
  the odd person has a flat in the south of spain or cornwall if they are wealthy . 
  food here is horrible . 
  the french could get pissed off and move the uk border off french soil at calais . 
  your arguments make you sound a bit uneducated tbh ( sorry !, 
  but it 's the first time i 'm hearing `` a robot could do it '' as an argument for the death penalty ) . 
  well i am happy to live in a place that has deemed the death penalty to be immoral and i hope the trend of us states stopping executions continues . 
  it is inevitable that it will one day be abolished in the us and i hope you are not too upset when that happens and criminals do n't get the medieval `` justice '' you think they deserve . 
  but the appeals are surely necessary to ensure you are not killing innocent people ( and even then there is that possibility ) . 
  therefore there will always be that expense unless you make the process even worse . 
  well a human has to tell a robot to kill someone ? 
  how is that different from pulling an electric chair switch . 
  in any case this is not how executions are conducted !, 
  what if the convicted said the correct details by chance ? 
  there is always that chance no matter how small . 
  so you think serial killers deserve death , but what is the boundary . 
  2 victims ? , 3 ? , 10 ? 
  what if they were told to do it or their family would be killed ? 
  there are just too many uncertainties so why not just keep people in prison and avoid all the grief and misery that more death brings ? 
  i respect the us for many things but this is the one thing i can not get my head around !, 
  why does the us have the death penalty ? 
  it costs more than life in prison including time on death row , it clearly does n't deter murderers ( check murder stats ) , there is a risk of killing innocent people ( what if people are mentally disabled and `` confess '' to crimes not committed ? 
  ) , it is cruel and painful ( why not bring back the whip as punishment ? 
  ) , it causes mental health problems for executioners ( google this ) , it causes immense suffering for innocent families of the convicted , almost all developed countries have abolished it recognising its barbarity ( even russia !, 
  ) , there is evidence that your socio-economic background affects if you are sentenced to death in the us , doctors who assist are going against the ama , it gives offenders publicity they do not deserve , it messes up morals for children ( killing is supposedly wrong , but the state does it not in war ? ) . 
  as a european it just feels damn wrong and disgusting . 
  maybe we are brought up to have more compassion and respect for life in light of ww2 and the holocaust ? 
  i guess the counter argument is punishment and the relatives of victims feel a bit better . 
  if you think that is worth it then fair enough !, 
  i do n't think you realised that op 's criteria included `` cost of living '' !, 
  ok , well does this meet your criteria ? 
  there are , for example uk and japan are allies : https://www.gov.uk/government/news/uk-and-japan-strengthen-defence-ties, 
  so if i start blogging that i hate the conservative policies what can i expect will happen to me ? 
  so what are they going to do that negatively impacts me ? 
  not at the moment since i do n't know how it affects me , can someone explain why i should be concerned ? 
  no , i would rather spend my time learning a traditional language and use it to enjoy learning about the culture and travelling around that country . 
  esperanto has n't exactly taken off . 
  thanks to them the union jack still flies in the us . 
  top lads !, 
  # 4.50 / m i get 7gb 4g data and unlimited everything else . 
  i actually have to pay # 17/m and then every two months i claim cashback online and get a cheque in the post . 
  eu roaming for uk allowance . 
  12m contract , tethering allowed . 
  also ouch !, 
  ca n't imagine paying $ 70/m for a phone contract !, 
  early 90 's so i can afford to buy a house in london in my actual hometown , state-owned trains/utilities are much cheaper , experience life without internet and mobile phones but they are coming along soon so it is not too annoying , being interested in planes i could ask to visit the cockpit during a flight , i would likely be set to retire earlier , and i would have had free university tuition . 
  there is a chance i may invest in microsoft/apple !, 
  good question !, 
  what i mean is often one of the arguments for independence was that nobody in scotland votes for the governing tories and people hate their right wing agenda . 
  the snp were proudly stating that there were more pandas in scotland than tory scottish mps . 
  now that has changed obviously , presumably largely because they ran a campaign against another referendum . 
  the snp still won the election overall though !, 
  i know . 
  if it were up to me we would split england into smaller chunks ( revive the heptarchy ? ), 
  and make the whole thing federal like germany or us . 
  i appreciate this could bring about a million problems though and loads more admin . 
  sorry for not being clear . 
  i meant that they could change the rules so that women have to . 
  that would be an easy solution ? 
  women could do it too ? 
  by virtue of geography i guess so . 
  some in the north of england wish to go with scotland since they are also traditionally anti-tory/austerity etc. 
  scottish borders are most against independence though . 
  funny thing is london itself is generally quite lefty and liberal/pro immigration/pro-eu so i think there is more politically in common between scotland as a whole and london than other parts of the country . 
  interesting points !, 
  one thing i do n't understand is how `` scotland seems to be different from england '' . 
  i spend a fair bit of time there and it seems at least young people have similar political opinions . 
  we are way more similar than what divides us and it seems to make no sense to split with the amount of integration between the countries and family/business ties etc. 
  i would be devastated about it in the same way as brexit is devastating . 
  of course if there is clear support for independence then it should happen . 
  i feel like referendums should be once in a generation and not repeated till the desired result is obtained like the snp wanted ( and the electorate seemed to disagree with them based on the last election ) . 
  i agree there has been a change in circumstances leaving the eu but i do n't get their argument since scotland trades 4x more with the rest of the uk than the eu . 
  so pulling out of the uk would surely be worse from an economic perspective . 
  i also do n't get how `` scotland should be independent since they do n't get the government they want '' . 
  so any subnational entity can be independent if they do n't get what they voted for ? 
  in any case , they are now effectively propping up the ruling tories who could n't have gotten a `` single-deal '' majority without gains in scotland recently . 
  the whole idea of independence seems to be throwing the baby out with the bath water . 
  scots hate the tories and the inequality etc. 
  so independence is an opportunity to `` escape '' . 
  it 's the same things most young people in england hate and i wish we could work together to change it and not just split up and make both resulting countries weaker . 
  the snp have an easy scapegoat in westminster for any problems so independence is ( or was ) an easy vote-winner . 
  it 's like ukip vs the eu parliament . 
  finally , what if the result in a referendum is 51:49 .
