  to me these movements feel like `` mini brexits '' . 
  i do n't get why askeurope seems to champion scottish independence so much when brexit is widely regarded as such a disastrous decision . 
  i feel like it is populist movements finding a scapegoat for issues that are common to the whole nation ( if not europe ) , and taking advantage of nationalist sentiment . 
  i 'd brexit is going to be bad , then catalonia or scottish independence will be much worse for those countries/regions imo . 
  massive jars of marmite, 
  no , secondary . 
  mon-fri 8:30 am-9am : assembly ( singing hymns/school presentations etc ) 9-11 : 3 classes around 40 mins each 11-11 :15 . 
  morning break 11:15 -12:30 . 
  2 classes 12:30 -2 . lunch break 2-4 : either 3 more classes or sports/extra-curricular, 
  in london stand on the right on the escalators . 
  also in the uk you have right of way at pedestrian zebra crossings . 
  please just cross if a vehicle is approaching and they could easily stop in time . 
  otherwise everyone is more delayed !, 
  ca n't work , it 's too complicated . 
  i think they should have added newer members at a slower rate , but with greater integration . 
  for example if churchill 's proposal of france joining the uk went ahead . 
  then gradually you would have a united states of west europe , and the easterns could have slowly been admitted . 
  in any case , not sure if there is a point now . 
  history and present day shows that the big powers only serve the interests of their elites . 
  i 'd rather aspire to be canada/australia/nz . 
  well we have to pay yearly `` vehicle tax '' which depends on the type of vehicle . 
  roughly # 100 per year . 
  i think other countries do n't have this ? 
  every other truck on the road is from eastern europe so i guess we are at least a `` destination country '' !, 
  nope !, 
  this is why it 's annoying driving on the continent . 
  we only have tolls for a couple of bridges and some new bypass motorways . 
  i do n't like driving through france due to the tolls . 
  plus miss an exit and you often have to go another 40 miles or so . 
  also the distances are so far ( not something that can be helped ! ), 
  and i seem to get speeding tickets a lot there . 
  i 'm always caught out by the speed limit changing if it 's raining and they do n't seem to have a `` 10 % lenience '' like at home . 
  ca n't complain about quality of roads there though !, 
  worst city to drive through has to be brussels . 
  tunnel system is nightmare if relying on sat nav plus crazy junctions that are especially confusing in a lhd car . 
  germany and holland have nice systems . 
  europe ( certainly the u.k. ) are only really interested where there are clear immediate commercial gains to be made . 
  traditionally human space flight has n't been very lucrative and the focus is on less glamorous things like comms satellites where the money is to be made . 
  there are plans for u.k. spaceports now and for satellites to be launched here since the government is realising they can make serious money from it . 
  russia and us are traditionally more focused in the patriotic prestige and military aspect of it and were willing to spend vast sums on human space flight and things that grab headlines . 
  not to say those endeavours did not result in awesome results and new technologies that made it worthwhile . 
  russia stirs up resistance in russian speaking part of baltic states . 
  nato sends troops in , russia sends troops in on pretext of protecting russians . . war . 
  i would probably emigrate to india where i have family if things start to get out of hand . 
  would n't fight for the country , it 's not worth dying for !, 
  sigh , the weekly butthurt american thread . 
  i disagree with tarring everyone with the same brush but if there are people that come across like that it is probably because some vocal americans online have a `` we are the best at everything '' mentality ( see r/murica which whilst being a joke summarises the views we often receive ) because of guns/military/landing on the moon whilst europe is apparently poor socialist irrelevant place . 
  so what you experience is a defence to that by saying `` we are actually better than you at some stuff '' . 
  anyway just chill out , it 's the internet , people are going to be tribal as is nature and slag off other groups/countries . 
  i suggest you stop reading reddit if it actually makes you angry . 
  try being british on here after brexit !, 
  it 's funny that you guys know a `` posh '' british accent . 
  i could n't imagine a `` posh '' accent in any other language !, 
  foreigners speaking english tend to sound `` american '' imo . 
  i wonder what the uk would become if it became a republic . 
  or rogb, 
  10 yr old vw ( polo ) . 
  chose because the interior felt so much nicer and more premium than equivalent second hand fords/french cars for not much more cash . 
  also resell value and reliability . 
  gf has a new mazda 2 . 
  chose because the drive was by far the best-in-class based on test drives and they offered 0 % finance . 
  next car will be a jaaaag xe . 
  good reviews/look amazing and bonus is its built in my city . 
  lord grant that marshal wade may by thy mighty aid victory bring . 
  may she sedition hush , and like a torrent rush , rebellious scots to crush . 
  god save the queen ... 
  i do n't think that verse is sung any more though !, 
  nope , unless gangnam style counts as oriental . 
  are you some kind of russian propaganda person ? 
  you created an account just to post that !, 
  if you are the queen or margeret thatcher then you can say `` we '' instead of `` i '' . 
  a museum about bananas ( ? ), 
  and i do n't know , that 's just what the exhibit says . 
  it implies there is some sort of regulation , like other comments say presumably it is for `` class a '' classification or something . 
  not a newspaper as such but bbc . 
  please respond if you know of another news source i can use that is more neutral/unbiased . 
  yea , scrap trident nuclear weapons and boost the esa budget by 40 % i say . 
  i do n't know but in the banana museum on la palma there is an exhibit i took a photo of that reads `` eu norms establish minimum parameters of 14cm length and 27mm calibre '' . 
  no idea how `` legal '' that is or what it means . 
  he might as well ban uk citizens from entering . 
  terror attacks here were perpetrated by `` home-grown '' radicals . 
  leftist liberal . 
  am i the only one around here who realised that this is not simply for a `` us audience '' . 
  the tool is a uk based thing and us parties are shown to be far right authoritarian . 
  it is originally a british thing and if you look at the us elections it shows the parties as being much more right and authoritarian . 
  i 'm a bit shocked at being far libertarian left too though !, 
  they usually do n't i think !, 
  many italians i know live with their parents till they are married . 
  pedestrian crossings and general road system . 
  having driven around europe i think that is the one thing we are the best at ( apart from the much less dense and congested scandis ) and the road fatality statistics speak for themselves . 
  bonus : if you have a smartphone it likely has an arm-based processor in it designed in cambridge . 
  anywhere that 's rural and does n't get many tourists . 
  i think it 's the same the world over . 
  language is a big part of it and a ton of similarities come along with that but there is quite a lot of relatively recent shared history . 
  similar legal systems/government . cricket/same head of state for some . 
  tv ( e.g. 
  neighbours , home and away ) . 
  traditional high immigration from commonwealth countries like india . 
  also for better or worse we all seem to be a bit more right-wing politically . 
  whilst i may want to be more connected to germany/france/italy due to cool culture/food/cars / etc.
