i suppose you folk would be more interested in a turkish kebab than a potato . 
  bono is an attention seeking whore who feels he needs to be wanted . 
  do n't take any notice of that guy !, 
  correct . 
  ireland has n't done anything wrong.yes i do agree companies should pay their fair tax to pay . 
  but other countries have a high tax and various weapons deals with countries ( ireland does n't have ) they 're getting some of this pie but they ai n't getting all of it . 
  do n't blame me , blame capitalism . 
  no worries . 
  take care . 
   oney to pay for infrastructure . 
    use the infrastructure saving for corporate tax breaks . 
  the eu has helped ireland yes but i feel it has hindered it in someways and lets not forget the the eu gets prized fishing grounds out in the atlantic . 
  it 's not all one way . 
  i am irish and do n't like the way europe is heading with federalisation . 
  while it is good with some stuff it is getting out of hand . 
  i did n't make the rules . 
  i 'm sure uk arms exports to other countries that violates human rights will somehow lessen the dent in money that the uk is losing . 
  got ta compete . 
  it 's called competition . 
  every country is entitled to raise or lower their tax . 
  because ireland has a low corporation tax is n't our fault . 
  other countries if they want to compete can lower theirs if they wish . 
  even their lobsters are administering freedom . 
  indeed . 
  deep down i fear because of the irish will get pushed and bullied around . 
  i would vote yes to leave . 
  ireland join europe to trade ( which i do n't mind ) but i do n't like where europe is heading currently . 
  i fear our leaders are very passive and europe is mostly run to suit the bigger countries . 
  and fine gael ( that 's what they want us to believe ), 
  we do n't have a queen and not only that but that 's a tranny . 
  i want something from noel baba the christmas daddy !, 
  it will probally happen sometime in the future but i must say that i 'm not a fan of where europe is heading . 
  ireland is just a small country and most stuff is done mostly to the benefit of bigger eu countries at the expense of small states . 
  irish and thankfully i grew up in a non-religious household so am an atheist . 
  ireland was in pretty bad shape when in the uk . 
  the only time it got better is when we took our independence . 
  europe has giving ireland a lot but ireland also gave access to our territorial waters for fishing which outnumber what ireland received in aid . 
  if you 're on about the `` bailout '' that was n't a bailout it was a loan which will be paid back with interest and anyway that was to save european banks and has nothing to do with decent genuine irish people just getting on with their lives . 
  the uk also had a bailout before so do n't forget that . 
  cheers !, 
  i can appreciate a good joke but that was anything but a good joke . 
  in fact it was n't one at all . 
  it 's not even funny so how can it be a joke ? 
  do you honestly think people are crying with laughter everytime they hear that same old lucky charms response ? 
  maybe after crumpets and tea to wash the scurvy from their mouths ? 
  you should come up with something new as that was never funny and if you read the article you 'll see that the people who attacked him are not irish . 
  the people who attacked him are not irish but they 're eastern european . 
  you are now dead to me lithuania ... . dead !!!, 
  where did i state that i like tax avoidance schemes ? 
  i do n't . 
  as i said earlier everyone should pay their fair share of taxes . 
  irelands is 12.5 % and companies should pay that amount . 
  all countries can set their own tax rate . 
  i just do n't like being bossed about by countries that could n't care about ireland . 
  i 'm stuck in the middle . 
  i agree on companies paying their full share of tax but am not willing to be dicatated to by france and germany . 
  greece is getting knocked about as well . 
  irish government wo n't agree to a common tax policy . 
  they better because i 'm not sure about other countries giving a shit about a few islanders on the edge of europe . 
  not really . 
  all companies should pay their fair share of tax . 
  anyway , ireland is on the edge of europe and trying its best to compete with other bigger eu nations . 
  so , germany , france and others if they 're so desperate for the extra cash then maybe they can sell more weapons to corrupt regimes to make up for the shortfall , i 'm sure their arms industry wo n't mind.also not a fan of eu imposing itself further on our country . 
  i see you have a greek flair ? 
  getting pushed around now yourself quite a lot ? 
  all the goodlooking countries are missing . 
  look at the smile on that bastards face !, 
  he knows what he 's doing !, 
  haha :d, 
  and sky news when they show the international weather video where they show all the capitals on the globe when it comes to ireland it does n't highlight it like other capitals . 
  and that 's what sickens me . 
  germany and france do n't really care about the smaller countries and only what benefits them . 
  i 'm in between . 
  i think companies should be paying the full amount of our 12.5 % tax and not a fan of the eu either intruding more each day into our lives . 
  yes , but we have a lot of leaders that do n't mind getting bullied now and again which worries me . 
  we do n't and wo n't hide behind anyone . 
  it just happens that ireland and and uk agree on many issues . 
  i 'm certainly not happy if the rest of the eu try and push our passive leaders about . 
  i do n't like him at all and i find him a bit to arrogant and detached from reality . 
  he 's also a bit of cunt . 
  ireland the country did n't join but thousands of irishmen did join the british army and many irishwomen helped in the uk during the war . 
  do you mind if we share that title ? 
  he made have invented the potato chip but they remain unflavoured except for a packet of salt . 
  it was an irishman and company that first flavoured them . 
  `` the potato chip remained otherwise unseasoned until an innovation by joe `` spud '' murphy , the owner of an irish chip company called tayto , who in the 1950s developed a technology to add seasoning during manufacture . 
  after some trial and error , murphy and his employee , seamus burke , produced the world 's first seasoned chips : cheese & onion , barbecue , and salt & vinegar.this innovation was notable in the food industry . 
  companies worldwide sought to buy the rights to tayto 's technique . '', 
  i 'm finding that one hard to believe myself . 
  there 's no way that people from ireland search for `` what do scottish people look like ? '', 
  that 's really weird one . 
  i 'd rather leave thanks . 
  germany and france are dictating while the smaller nations must follow . 
  expenditure is what you spend . 
  yeah and ? 
  it 's smaller then bigger countries so less contributing . 
  it was a net receiving yes but it 's not anymore . 
  they now contribute and they also get vast fishings areas and if you 're talking about the `` bailout '' that has been paid off to the uk and they in themselves received a bailout in 1976 . 
  the republic is an irish nation run by irish people . 
  if the whole of ireland had a vote the northern planters would 've lost out . 
  but no just a tiny part of the island where loyalist had the monopoly .
