  i do n't care about apple and the eu . 
  both of them are taking the piss . 
  apple with not paying enough tax and the eu throwing its weight around . 
  we are getting played on both sides by apple and the eu . 
  nice try migrant !, 
  what racist about protecting your borders ? 
  quite frankly germany has made a mess of this migrant crisis and now wants other countries to take any and every migrant that shows up on europes borders . 
  what has this got to do with brexit ? 
  they still need to pay a decent amount of tax though . 
  what they pay out is pittance . 
  i 'm sure the apple workers in ireland pay more tax then the company itself . 
  bondholders will get the money . 
  the average irish person wo n't see any of this . 
  yes . 
  that was just an edit and i tagged it to my comment but thanks for that . 
  fuck eu law . 
  when it comes to ireland , irish law overrules eu law . 
  corrupt ? 
  have a look at your arms exporting . 
  british empire is dead and has been for quite a while . 
  they could n't take us over fully at their might , lets see them try now.they might have held a spot in dublin but the rest of the country became ungovernable . 
  edit : typo, 
  haha . 
  neither are they my friend . 
   oh thought we 're all friends in the eu yes ? 
  i do n't expect any other nation on this planet to protect ireland . 
  we have fought against a major one at the time throughout history and we hardly any had help from other countries . 
  we 've only been against britain at the time and we were n't even fully united . 
  we have n't invading any other countrie/s and do n't intend to . 
  the first lisbon treaty was rejected by irish voters the first time because of a few issues , they were supposed to be corrected for a rerrun and ireland voted in favour of the treaty . 
  one of the conditions was about ireland not a requirement to join a european army . 
  edit : typo, 
  she can rule germany and france if she wants but she can keep her nose out of other countries business . 
  friends do n't force countries into taking bailouts . 
  yet that 's what j ean-claude trichet did to ireland . 
  what country are you from if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  he does have the final say it what happens yes and the seanad is pretty much a useless talking shop . 
  look , i want ireland to be run by irish people for irish people and no i do n't like being ordered about about external states that wo n't have our best interests at heart . 
  just because they want to play big boys and girls in the world . 
  the current taoiseach ( prime minister ) is not a dubliner as he 's from county mayo and not dublin . 
  and i do n't mind where the person to be in charge of ireland is from as long as he 's from ireland . 
  does n't matter the county . 
  it is changing and i 'm not a fan of where it is going . 
  what britishism ? 
  that 's nothing to do with me . 
  i am not british , they 're a different country doing their own thing . 
  i should hope so . 
  you 're right in that it 's not a federal one yet but as you can see they 're desperate for that to occur . 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't like where it is headed and will not be ruled from another person from another nation . 
  how am i happy to hide off the coast of europe ? 
  i was born here , i did n't choose the country , i did n't sculpt the earth or continent . 
  do n't blame me because i do n't agree with foreign countries interfering in my countries business and not wanting a european army . 
  ireland signed up to the european economic community 1973 for trade and such not what the current eu is morphing into . 
  the 2nd lisbon treaty which ireland accepted after first rejecting it was that ireland would n't be required to sign upto a european army but here we are now !, 
  edit : spelling, 
  let germany and france do what they want for themselves but i do n't want any input from them in matters concerning my country . 
  well some eu leaders at the time helped in forcingireland in taking a bailout to pay all bondholders . 
  the letter sent to the irish government was kept secret from the public . 
  http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/the-trichet-letter-forced-and-shaped-the-irish-bailout-31152446.html http://www.independent.ie/opinion/columnists/david-mcwilliams/ecb-forcing-ireland-to-pay-the-bondholders-was-like-a-hostage-situation-34400219.html, 
  she did invite them . 
  have a search on google or google news and you 'll see countless of articles about it . 
  she screwed up big time and the rest of europe will pay for it . 
  they only care what 's good for them and the surrounding states are then fed the scraps and leftovers . 
  we 're not talking about gay marriage here . 
  merkel a while back threatened any country that does n't accept refugees will be fined . 
  she invited them in and said everyone is welcome . 
  why should other countries pay for her stupid mistake ? 
  and then to threaten fines if they refuse ? 
  that 's not the european unity that she and others always go on about is it ? 
  we 're all a big happy family until we do n't do what were told . 
  edit : spelling, 
  that 's exactly it . 
  the bigger countries especially france and germany will be dictating policy and to hell with the rest . 
  ireland is more then just another rock behind the uk 's shield as you put it . 
  it is it 's own nation and do whats the best for the country and not what some foreigners in other countries say we should do . 
  that worries me because ireland and other small nations will be at the mercy of the bigger countries . 
  only a few days back the german/french and italian leaders met on a aircraft carrier off italy . 
  where is the input from all other european nations ? 
  oh yeah , there 's another meeting for all 27 coming up shortly so as not to be left out i suppose . 
  and so we should . 
  i do n't want a german or french leader sending irish soldiers to their deaths for other countries . 
  they have their nato army and let them use that if they wish . 
  i like the old uniform . 
  do n't really care about the hat . 
  they 'll start the war and hide in bunkers while the rest of us die for their decisions . 
  fair enough but you should 've had linked to other ones as well https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_and_monaghan_bombings, 
  it 's only a tourist agency that runs it i think but i do know that it 's not run by an irish government agency . 
  ca n't really put the blame on ireland either . 
  those are awful but the ira did n't just suddenly decide to bomb britain . 
  you can search for the british terrorizing ireland and other countries . 
  do n't be surprised when the natives decide to fight back . 
  one thing is for sure not everyone who tweeted her was irish or living in ireland . 
  i 'm from ireland and not embarrassed . 
  people all over the world can tweet . 
  not every tweet and that was racist towards her were irish people in ireland . 
  it was wrong what they said ti her but i take no blame for it . 
  `` wrong , do it again ! '', 
  `` if you do n't eat yer meat , you ca n't have any pudding . 
  how can you have any pudding if you do n't eat yer meat ? '', 
  does n't matter because just over a week or two ago there was a story about a british mp who burned himself using petrol lighting a fire or something .
