  i 'm not much bothered anyway at the moment as it 's costing the uk and rightfully so for they have caused this mess and should pay and deal with the results . 
  it has yes . 
  but now is a net contributor . 
  all countries have benefiting but remember what 's happening now is more then what a few countries signed up to . 
  the trade and european peoples free movement but what i do n't agree with is it 's morphing into something much more that lots of people do n't agree with . 
  northern ireland is a gerrymandered state . 
  ca n't steal off you ? 
  have you had a look at history ? 
  and you 'll see that your country is the one that has done the stealing !, 
  and your country leeched off of most of the world , stealing resources and national treasures . 
  trust me , nobody in britain can take the high ground and preach to others . 
  i think you 're right . 
  i agree with all the people who say businesses should pay taxes and that includes apple . 
  but stuff like this will turn people against the eu.i used to be pro eu myself and ireland is one and still of the most pro eu countries but i think over time it will lessen . 
  the eu is run to the interests of germany and france and other bigger countries . 
  i 'd gladly take my old currency back and be ride of the eu . 
  we are an island !, 
  you might consider the north not a part but i and many others do . 
  edit : typo, 
  you ca n't just disregard treaties . 
  ireland voted and rejected the first lisbon treaty because of those concerns and we were granted exemptions from that and then the lisbon treaty was run a second time and was passed . 
  if it 's voluntary for countries then that 's okay . 
  if it 's not then there 's going to be massive problems . 
  what country are you from ? 
  there is no federal european government yet so i ca n't insult a government that you do n't have . 
  being an island , i do n't want someone on the continent saying what can and not be done . 
  he wants to reduce from 27 ministers down to 12 . which means some countries wo n't have a fairer say . 
  no doubt that a few will be from germany , france , belgium and others . 
  for voluntary nations fair enough . 
  ireland was granted an exception to a european army in the re-run of the lisbon treaty, 
  i think they can stick their european government up their arse . 
  good on you . 
  i do n't want anyone who has no intention of living in ireland and contributing getting a passport as it does n't give us any benefit but it 'll help the person who gets the passport . 
  i suggest that apple pays more then the paltry sum and pay the 12.05 % other countries ( germany and france ) can continue to sell extra weapons to corrutp regimes like saudi arabia to make up for the shortfall . 
  i prefer tax being paid , not only from the eu but companies as well . 
  i actually value the workers more then the business itself as they actually pay tax . 
  i 've no idea on what the game of thrones is as i have n't watched tv in a long time . 
  thats good for you then and schengen area . 
  ireland and the uk was never apart of that . 
  the irish governemnet did that . 
  trust me , irish people are pissed off at it themselves but we do n't like to be told want to do by foreign countries . 
  the whole uk is leaving not just england . 
  i never really had faith in the irish government but the eu tackling irelands corporations laws will get messy . 
  if there 's one they wo n't budge on it 's that and in the long run europe is only going to damage itself further edit : spelling, 
  it could take years to pay that out and ieland and especially the people wo n't see anything from that.it would be to pay off government debt . 
  and it might force companies to relocate so we 'd lose a lot of jobs in the process and have the eu commission said that some other eu countries might be able to file for some of that and then you have the u.s. so in the end it might n't even be that much . 
  i hardly doubt the eu comission cares about ireland in the long run . 
  they have tried to get ireland to raise it 's corporation tax before but the irish governement refused . 
  i do want corporations to pay their taxes !!, 
  but the eu commission has always tried to get ireland to raise it 's current tax of 12.5 % ( even though apple did n't pay that amount , which sickens me ) ( eu commision ) they want tax harmonization , if that happens the a good few of those companies will leave ireland and relocate to the bigger eu countries and of course who gives a shit about the small countries on the edge of europe ? 
  they do n't care about little old ireland . 
  i 've never given a shit about apple and wo n't defend them but nor will i defend the `` european project '' in the grand scheme of things neighter apple or the eu care about ireland and i do n't care about them and will not bow down to being subjected to the laws that they create . 
  and ? 
  as you have already read it 's not just the eu but that apple has n't paid the proper amount of tax still sickens me . 
  i grew up liking the eu ( especially , france and germany ) but it is taking a more intruding turn . 
  it has been good but my fondness for their `` european project '' is dying . 
  are you saying that ireland is treated equally as france and germany in the eu ? 
  can you read ? 
  a few countries but germany and france would be the main ones trying to change our tax rate . 
  i hate getting fucked by the irish government but i hate getting fucked more by the germany and france . 
  yes , we are apart of the eu but are treated very different from the big two that make the laws . 
  remember this ? 
  shit like that pisses me off . 
  `` eu gives budget leeway to france ` because it is france ' - juncker '' http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-eu-deficit-france-idukkcn0ym1n0, 
  we are only to serve . 
  it 's always germany , france . 
  yes , we do have a low tax rate and apple and others should pay that rate and it 'd still be cheaper . 
  the eu has been trying to chip away at our tax rate for years . 
  i 'm not liking apple getting off here either . 
  the commision can go fuck itself . 
  it 's like the serengeti and ireland is the wildebeest . 
  on one side we are being eating by a lion and on the other side waiting to be torn to pieces by a pack of hyenas . 
  who knows maybe even some vultures want to get in on the action !, 
  and you 're right about the irish politians enabling this but i never put much faith in them . 
  the commision is not looking out for ireland at all , only themselves . 
  if tax harmoniztion was brought in the companys would be gone to the uk ( if it did n't vote to leave ) france , germany , and italy . 
  and germany already benefits from the euro then most other countries . 
  these are not our friends , we are not sitting at the same table as these guys . 
  i 've always encouraged indigenous business ( irish sugar shut down and we now get our sugar from germany ) do you think germany would shut down one of their industrires for us ? 
  and another reason i have a distaste for irish politics being too passive and not into thinking long term . 
  apple not paying prober taxes only a token amount compared to the vast profits they have got . 
  and the eu well it 's not the first time they tried to get ireland to raise the corporation tax from 12.5 % ( even though it 's cheap apple and some other companies never paid that amount ) to harmonise tax across the europe . 
  while the eu did a good few things through the years it 's begining to stick its nose in our and other smaller countries business . 
  we are being told what to do at the whims of the bigger countries but moreso germany and france . 
  do n't know whose downvoting you so must but seeing as this a pro-european thread then it 's expected . 
  you 're right . 
  i used to be more pro-europe but over the years of the eu treaty ireland and other smaller nations like shit as turned me against them . 
  they 're not our friends and are only looking out for themselves . 
  hopefully more irish people will turn against the eu . 
  sick of them interfering in my countries affairs . 
  the shameful thing is we did n't even get the 12.5 % tax . 
  both of them are pissing me off . 
  companies not paying their way in taxes and the eu standing on our heads any chance they can get . 
  are n't they great `` european partners '', 
  and ireland pass the second lisbon treaty on condition of it not joining a european army but as we can see they 're working on that already . 
  also they have no problems exporting weapons to corrupt regimes so if they 're short on the cash they could always sell more . 
  i never liked apple , apple should pay their fair share of taxes like other companies and it 's a disgrace that they got off with all those untaxed profits . 
  i am also sick and tired of the eu getting more out of hand and becoming more federalist . 
  but if he 's - in favour of brexit then why would he/she use an eu flag . 
  at least if you 're outside the eu then you do n't agree to bind to their rules .
