  and the north of ireland is going to pay for it . 
   and your country if a border is set up there will be the cause and consequence of it . 
  ( as usual ) anyway , goodbye and nice knowing you . 
  scotland is the same as they voted to remain . 
  in all , it really is a clusterfuck and i suppose we just got to wait and see what happens . 
  yup , britain is going to want their terms and the eu does n't want to set an example to other countries so easily without making things difficult , i 'd say this is going to be a `` hard brexit '' on both sides . 
  oh , where to start really , any borders reinstatedcould draw out unsavoury elements , there 's also trade . 
  i do n't know but if i had to choose i would choose border controls in britain instead of a border being put in ireland . 
  i know it might upset a few unionists but they could still be a part of the uk even if eveyone traveling to britain is checked from this island and mainland europe . 
  if a border were to be setup up in ireland it might give provo republicans an excuse . 
  it 's going to be a mess really no doubt . 
  also europe does n't want to make it a clean break either without punishment to ward off others from leaving so they might n't accept the common travel area that we had before joing the eu . 
  it does look like it 's going to get quite messy yet . 
  it will create a mess if theirs a land border but nobody in ireland apart from some unionists in the north wants to join the uk . 
  it 's funny that most of the unionist parties in northern ireland voted to leave but it 's going to cost them a lot . 
  this guy is a certain troll as i 've corrected him before aswell . 
  i know not all british people are dopes like he is . 
  you have nothing to do with dictating on what ireland does either . 
  brexit is about the uk and while ireland will also get affected by it , it is the uk that is leaving and not ireland . 
  you got your country to leave so leave and do n't bother bringing my country into your arguments !, 
  it will affect yes but `` the united kingdom '' will become `` the divided kingdom '' it 's not all rosey in the park for your country and i 'm afraid it 's going to get a lot worse . 
   never . 
  our ~ ~ british isles ~ ~ country are quite cultually different to the rest of europe . 
  i do n't know why , but not many people feel european like you lot do . 
  i feel as though our ~ ~ british isles ~ ~ country should be located closer to the us . 
  you can drag your island there shortly once ye start working out the brexit and putting it into motion.ye walked into this mess yourselves , ireland is staying put !, 
  where 's the hate in my comment ? 
  all i see is some tender loving . 
  i 'll give you warmth . 
  * unzips *, 
  :( here have a beer ( if you 're allowed ), 
  could be a lot worse as in i could be living in turkey right now . 
  there 's quite a few of his types about and it is them that give the british a bad name . 
  it 's nice to see that not all british people are wankers compared to that `` wasppoker '' dope above . 
  you 're one putrid cunt . 
  you comment on nearly everything relating to ireland and you always have to throw in british isles . 
  you sad fucker !, 
  fuck no !, 
  they can stick their european federation up their arse !, 
  not all is lost . 
  his knee is still there . 
  cup of tea for the big fella ? 
  you mean like the irish people in the three counties ? 
  you 're damn right we 'd never surrender !, 
  i dislike when they say ulster because not all of ulster is in northern ireland . 
  there is three counties that are in ulster but also are a part of the republic of ireland . 
  there 's not much anarchy at the moment and we are not a federal europe . 
  a fedderal europe will be to the benefit of continental europe especially germany/france , belgium etc. . at the expense of others . 
  i do n't like junker or he 's types and do n't trust them . 
  they have no idea about irish problems or needs and he seems to work for the benefit of france , germany . 
  in the eu we are n't in charge either are we ? 
  it would n't be much but i 'm sure we 'd get by . 
  at least we 'd be in charge of our own affairs . 
  probably and resources . 
  if the big countries want to join themselves that 's fine but i would n't like ireland to be a part of it as least not yet . 
  i voted no . 
  i do n't think anyone in a bigger country would care about smaller states . 
  i 'd rather we ruled our own countries . 
  not in ireland we ai n't . 
  it 's mostly overcast with the odd few bright sunny days/heat . 
  i do n't mind a bit of sun but i 'd take overcast wintry days over heat . 
  we ai n't built for the heat over here that 's for sure . 
  glad i live in ireland when i see all these high temperatures . 
  anything here 20 degrees and over is considered a `` heatwave '' i love sunny days but i hate hot weather . 
  wow , and now you 're making assumptions about someone on the internet you 've never met . 
  i believe i have rattled you . 
  why would i go to watch a movie to learn about history when i can read it . 
  are n't you a bit salty ? 
  there is no denying what i said.british retreated while french soldiers held them off as best they could . 
  because some french soldiers were holding off germans while the british were retreating to from dunkirk . 
  yet they 're annoyed because people will wonder were the french army were when this was going on but there 's no sign of it in the movie . 
  isle of mann is not named britian though . 
  the guy said `` great britain 's two gorgeous islands '' so there must be another island out there with that name that claims both these islands . 
  so where 's the other third island if these two belong to britain ? 
  these gorgeous european islands . 
  european isles of ireland and britain, 
  those two beautiful european islands . 
  that looks rotten , especially the fat on the bacon . 
  mirage f1 i like that one . 
  i still never like the look of that aircraft either . 
  i do n't mean to sound bad but i personally never like the look of that or the eurofighter . 
  that 's a powerful picture . 
  i like how it shows the soldiers marching like in the swastika stance and then the swastika straightens out into a cross as they march to their deaths . 
  why skulls though ... are we , are we the baddies ? 
  okay but like the rest of europe we have a passive government . 
  we are an island on the edge of europe so compared to italy and greece not as much but we are open and to genuine people , i do n't mind , justnot interested in this `` utopia '' that others seem to proclaim like we 're been enlightened somehow . 
  i 'm sure our european masters knows whats good for both of us . 
  oh , they need help but in saying that i do n't mean ships anchoring off libya and ferrying them to italy and greece . 
  they need to stop ferrying them all together as they are only encouraging more to come . 
  most genuine refugees are in syria with no money to pay smugglers to get out , they 're refugees , what the european taxis are doing is picking up migrants in their own waters !, 
  cut the bullshit . 
  have you read the news lately . 
  this is not just normal migration over decades , centuries . 
  this is ethnic germans/europeans being replaced at a massive rate . 
  but when your country or france tells others to accept migrants or else `` we 'll cut funding '' that i do n't agree with . 
  if those two countries governments want to go down the shitter then do n't drag other countries down with you by means of threats . 
  ireland was in a terrible state of mess when it was in the uk . 
  things only got better economically when we left the uk and joined the eu . 
  yeah , i read a while back that everyone in ireland will be required to have one . 
  is n't the public services card one ?
