  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/08/tory-mp-suffers-major-burns-after-lighting-a-garden-bonfire-with/ we all have idiots . 
  the eu has changed into something else . 
  ireland joined in 1973 for trade but now it 's getting way out of hand . 
  we like other smaller nations are being fed scraps . 
  ireland is not a member of nato.so does n't need to spend 2 % gdp on military and ireland is n't `` fucking '' larger nations over . 
  those countries are free to raise and lower their taxes at will . 
  also they can make up for that lost money with their weapons industry which has no problems sending weapons to corrupt regimes across the world . 
  i 'm also sick of germany and france dictating policy on the rest of europe, 
  they have threaten to fine any country that does n't take migrants . 
  germany and france always goes on like we 're big happy familes but giving fines to countries and do n't want to take migrants is not european unity as they like to proclaim all the time . 
  as long as she does n't pass that bill onto the rest of europe.she made the choice so should deal with the price tag . 
  most of the countries that complain about irelands tax rate could use other incentives . 
  sure others in europe have no problems selling weapons to other countries no matter how shady they are . 
  `` in his new book '' i stopped reading there . 
  they get more than what the uk gets but also have higher living costs.you ca n't really live off it . 
  i would say they 're existing but not living . 
  it 's just a token sentence . 
  they caused massive damage too this country . 
  i bet any time they spend in prison will be easy and they wo n't be in their for long anyway . 
  is n't saudi arabia funding most of these mosques in europe ? 
  i 'd rather have our voted politicians do our running of the country without interfering in other countries affairs and i 'd expect the same in return . 
  mandatory conscription for an eu army would only divide people further . 
  it would have to be voluntary if there was one at all . 
  europe is still foreign to me in a way . 
  it 's handy for trade and such but they 're interfering more and more . 
   the people of europe as a whole . 
  as opposed to the current situation where most decisions are made through classic intergovernmental backroom deals between the national governments in the council , where the largest states always dominate . 
  but the bigger countries will have all the say and the rest would have to go along with it . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  but if my country was attack directly by another country then i would but not putting my life on the line for leaders to make wars and send people to their deaths and when it 's finished they 'll go back to their lives while i 'll still be dead . 
  so an eu army , i would n't fight for . 
  that is another thing . 
  our governemnt are useless and very passive when it comes to standing up for our country in europe . 
  if eu leaders on the continent want to have wars they can do so but i would n't put my life on the line to protect some foreign elite leaders while they sit back in relative safety while decent ordinary people are drafted into wars that they cause . 
  i think the rules benefit the bigger countries ( who make the laws ) at the expense of smaller nations . 
  anything that needs to be discussed it 's alway france and german politiciangiving the orders while the rest must obey . 
  not interested in taking orders from foreign countries . 
  the eu is good for some things but way out of hand and getting worse in others . 
   is the things that many people outside every capital in every european country say about their national government . 
  and so you understand what people say about being run from another country . 
  i do n't really consider northern ireland foreign . 
  politically at the moment it is but it 's still ireland to me . 
  i just do n't think they 'd have our benefits at hand when it comes to making rules and such ( that 's if they 'd even care about us ) i want an irish government making rules for the irish people . 
  but i 'm not going to be ruled by someone in germany or france . 
  they would have no idea of our local or national needs and being honest i do n't think they 'd even care about a little island on the edge of europe . 
  i do like the free movement of people . 
  eu citizens moving around and living in other eu countries is good . 
  what i do n't like is merkel inviting migrants into europe and then saying other countries must take some or they 'll be punished and fined . 
  that 's not european unity . 
  if germany want them fine but do n't throw them at other countries . 
  i am a cork man so you walked yourself into this one . 
  :d but anyway , i have more in common with another person on this island then some place in germany/france, 
  lets be honest here . 
  it 's german and french government making the rules and the rest of the countries just follow along . 
  i did n't vote for junker or any of the rest of the leaders . 
  i 'm just sick of hearing `` this is against eu rules '' `` europe wo n't allowed us to do this . '', 
  etc, 
  i wish it was just about trade when we first joined . 
  i do n't like where the current eu is headed . 
  yeah , sorry i want an irish government ruling ireland not some other person in another country dictating policy . 
  i understand innocent peole killed on all sides but when i hear british bring up about all the ira killed they never mention how many the british loyalist and british army killed . 
  every action , there will always be an equal and opposite reaction . 
  not a good week with blair lying about the iraq war either . 
  i do n't agree on the current path the the eu takes . 
  it 's great for trade and such but other i fear it 's getting too out of hand . 
  i 'm glad they managed to get out of this soon to be dictatorship . 
  ( it already is but will get worse ) well done uk, 
  and did n't the english fans go on a riot smashing the place up ? 
  what about the english and french the days before ? 
  there 's more then just russians causing the trouble . 
  hopefully they do . 
  these folks are n't elected by your common man . 
  and tell me . 
  what makes him independent ? 
  these people do n't have your average worker/european at mind that 's for sure . 
  actually i just tagged it along to my previous message but well done on the observation . 
  do you notice that most of the people coming out with these comments are really old ? 
  they could be dead tomorrow so why should they dictate the future ? 
  i 'm sick of foreigners interfering in our country . 
  i do n't like where the eu is headed . 
  unelected people dictating on what we should do . 
  not there yet but when it 's cold you can warm yourself up with extra clothes etc. 
  when it 's hot here you just have to deal with it and there 's not much air conditioning here except for some hotels and we 're more used to overcast , rainy cool weather but yeah if i had to pick i 'd take winter cold over summer hot . 
  a bit of sun is nice but not when it gets too hot . 
  a bit of sun on a chilly day is nice . 
  i do . 
  i nearly have too peel the shirt off my back and trying to sleep is an nightmare . 
  haha, 
  it 's 19/20c at the moment and i only go out in the sun but do n't spend too much outside in it as am not a sun god . 
  haha my arm is a bit red and that 's only been out less then half an hour so yeah you 're right i will be fucked . 
   i also have no sun cream so i wo n't be out for too long . 
  i just wear shirts and yes with also my windows kept open more then they are shut . 
  nah , i 'm fine sticking to colder climates thanks . 
  winter is coming and i 'm looking forward to it . 
  probably be dead and buried from heat exhaustion . 
  and i 'm not joking when i say that . 
  i suppose what you grew up with and are used to . 
  i could n't visit hot spots in india , turkey and sorts when it 's too hot there for me . 
  the back of my hand went a bit red from just being out in the sun for about 10 minutes . 
  i prefer colder climates over hotter places .
