  i begin to start feeling uncomfortable at about 19c . 
  anything under 10c is fine with me . 
  i grew up without any central heating and plus the cold , chilly , crisp clear winter nights ca n't be topped . 
  that is some great game . 
  it can keep me occupied for a long time . 
  any change to our constitution requires a referendum . 
   nt is referendums are a tool that can be misused . 
  well if there 's new eu treaties that interfere with our constitution then we need a vote as i 'm sick of the eu interfering in our country, 
  i 'd pick probably norway as i 'm not a sun worshiper and dislike hot weather and of course i like nice scenery so norway for me . 
  they wo n't give us a vote as they 'll do so much to get out of giving us a vote . 
  that 's true . 
  but there 's a difference between the republic of ireland and northern ireland . 
   ooooh , are you the reason the terror alert was increased the other day . 
  it was northern irish dissidents . 
  since he/she deleted their comment it was `` i did n't know the world had a potato shortage '' so i replied with the comment above as he was from armenia . 
  nothing personal but i 'll give as good as i receive . 
  it 's sad . 
  is n't it ? 
  do n't take any notice of that troll . 
  imagine waking up everyday and being so bitter like he is . 
  sciprio is my steam name and i 've over 150 . 
  you can add me if you want . 
  really , just have a look at the stats and you 'll see ireland near the top in most categories while portugal would be way lower . 
  you can add me on steam if you want . 
  i might tease you with some of the games i can play and you can dream . 
  nope . 
  i bought it myself , i buy everything myself and more than likely they come to me for help and not the other way around . 
  anyway your the one with your parents laptop . 
  no i do n't define myself by parts but seeing as you 're working towards one and with only a laptop that your parents gave you i 'm just rubbing it in . 
  what the fuck is hd hentai ? 
  not really . 
  i just made a joke about tramps in europe then you try an insult me by calling me a potato farmer so insulted back . 
  anyway , enjoy your laptop and i 'll enjoy my i7-6700k and gtx1070 ( not bad being able to buy them while being a potato farmer ) :d, 
  it could be worse as in i could be from portugal . 
  so , i do n't have things too bad eh ? 
   also looking through your post history you 're more of a farmer than me at least i can afford to build myself a decent gaming computer and not having to rely on a laptop that my parents gave me . 
  hahaha, 
  europe does certainly have a lot of tramps i must admit . 
  hopefully now those days are long gone and finished . 
  i do n't like the thought of innocent people getting hurt or killed at all . 
  british can praise him if they wish but you 'll get no irish person who will agree on that . 
  you see , it 's only the irish that are terrorists . 
  anything the british done throughout the centuries is fine . 
  they never terrorised anybody . 
  i agree on not attacking innocent people . 
  yeah , it would keep going around but at least now there is some peace for both communities . 
  thats a two way street . 
  he and others were n't born like this . 
  mistreat people and they will fight back and defend themselves . 
  fuck the dailymail . 
  it is a useless rag i would n't even use for my cats litter tray . 
  i 've no kids at all myself so i guess just ride away . 
  haha, 
  irish people do n't really have big families today like they did in the past but i did grow up in a big family with five sisters and two brothers . 
  i am the third youngest and nearly 31 . :p, 
  guess i need to find me a french woman . 
  ca n't have european population declining !, 
  but your irish as well . 
  it 's funny hearing someone from northern ireland speak about the rest of the island like it is completely foreign but when people from northern ireland go over to england they 're just seen as another irish person just like me so how do you do fellow irishman ? 
  the uk has no say on ireland using the irish language in the eu because they are a separate country . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i 'm sick of various countries threatening other european countries into taking more migrants . 
  did you read the article i posted inn the link ? 
  anyway , i doubt that the eu is being generous to ireland by just saying `` here 's $ 20 billion take it '' during the bank bailout ireland was threatened into taking the bailout so i doubt they 're friendly now to us . 
  there is quite a few vocal people like her in the eu parliament itself so she 's not alone in that regard but people like her threatening will only turn people away from europe . 
  well she seems to be in favour of it then let her take them and not speak for everyone else . 
  just because they made a mistake and are now reaping the rewards . 
  they have no right to be forcing other countries into doing so . 
  doing what she recommends will only turn people against the eu and will do nothing to help bring europe together . 
  is the $ 20 billion irelands or not ? 
  if not then why should ireland be made to collect it on behalf of other countries . 
  everybody , including companies should pay their fair share of tax but as i said if ireland got that $ 12 billion then other countries could claim from it http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/vestager-ireland-must-collect-13bn-apple-tax-but-other-eu-countries-could-claim-share-35411205.html, 
  i think they 're waiting ffor ireland to take it then the rest will start lining up for a cut . 
  i am wary when it comes to european politians when it comes to dealing with irish interests . 
  ireland would n't even get all that $ 12 billion as other countries could claim from that amount so in all ireland would n't get that amount . 
  or irish kites patrolling the skies over berlin . 
  europe must trade as one . 
  if not then other countries will seek out their own deals . 
  ca n't have a rule for one and not the others . 
  if i have a choice between tomato ketchup or mayonaise on my chips , it 's always going to be mayonaise . 
  i once went into an italian chipper and i ask for chips with mayonaise and the italian guy worrking behind the counter looked at me weird and he only put a drizzle on but i told him to drench them . 
  i 'll never forget that face !, 
  haha, 
  any potatoes left , i cede to you . 
  ah well , i do n't bathed in potatoes anymore i just eat them for my din dins . 
  that 's why we fuck anything . 
  how can you have more potatoes than us ? 
  then again we did n't have much to begin with . 
  and a can of tanora . 
  who cares about reddit gold and fake internet points ? 
  i certainly do n't so do n't worry about it . 
  are n't you and your folk being outbred by muslim immigrants ? 
  if you 're having trouble maintaining population growth i 'll do my part if required by pumping a few swedish ones . 
  yes but some loyalists are n't too bright . 
  i 'm not being a dick about it just saying there 's better pictures of ireland . 
  nothing wrong with this picture but it looks a bit bland to me but then again i see these scenes daily . 
  i think there 's a lot nicer pictures out there that would do ireland more justice then this picture . 
  well , sorry but it 's going to effect ireland a lot more than other countries so ireland should have a say and be at the negotiations . 
  here 's to them then . 
  it 's going to affect them a lot .
