fug d : i dont want to live in dystopian future with big brother, 
  r. i. p. :( and the state will respond by cracking down on more civil liberties for `` our protection and safety '' instead of having strong vetting procedures . . 
  i swear these terrorist attacks are only bringing every single one of us closer and closer to becoming a police state . 
  3 % of our country is in europe . 
  the turkish thrace . 
  check and mate . 
  turkey is where europe and asia meets . 
  let 's call it a central hub . 
  no , you are a rational logical thinking human being :d the way the progressives are going is very risky and will cause many suffering but of course , it 's for the `` greater good '' . 
  currently loading . 
  it is mustache in progress . 
  she did n't say anything even remotely critical of trump in typical merkel fashion . 
  trump just blanked out or something . 
  that 's awfully pessimistic of you . 
  the president in france has enormous power . 
  i think that le pens party is more right-wing socially , politically ( nationalism , independence ) , more left wing economically ( support of welfare state , socialism etc ) . 
  you 're silly , your people are obviously plagued by sloth and demoralized by an unpatriotic society !, 
  no wonder no body volunteers !, 
  turkey was doing badly before erdogan came along , and he really accomplished a lot of good that 's why he 's got so much support . 
  but if history teaches us anything is that power will get to your head if you had it for too long . 
  term limits are needed here . 
  angola !, 
  question is , what is he doing in finland ? 
  in the far right party ?!, 
  by from the heart i meant that he talks without preparation or teleprompters sometimes . 
  not that his speeches are passionate . 
  nah , how am i part of the problem if i dont vote ? 
  fix your other parties , kilicdaroglu is garbage , bahceli is near senile , and the rest do n't matter . 
  we will see in a few years if he 's an idiot or acting . 
  trump seems to keep his words at least . 
  erdogan also kept his words , at the beginning , then the power got to him . 
  good thing there 's term limits in the us though . 
  nah ca n't stand him , but the alternatives are incompetent shitshows . 
  i do n't vote . 
  i 'd like him to stay in power till 2023 though , i want to see his famous `` vision '' come through . 
  he obviously misspoke here , guy talks from the heart over thousands . 
  if there 's going to be an outrage every time he misspeaks this is gon na be a long 4 years . 
  it 's not bollocks , this is huffingtonpost bollocks . 
  he did n't even say terror attack . 
  oh no , everyone does n't agree with me , it 's a brigade !, 
  lmao how will it revitalize germany ? 
  schulz and merkel are literally the same , both pro-eu democrats , one is just slightly worse than the other . 
  face it , german politics is boring and no one cares . 
  we are in uncertain times with the strange election results in the us and the shaky eu . 
  anything could happen , what we need is a smart leader to navigate through this chaos . 
  i wo n't deny the genius of kemal dervis or that we 're doing not so well since babacan left . 
  my hope is that erdogan learned from them and brings us back on course . 
  hopefully the purges end soon . 
  i wrote a reply why i think that he 's our best option right now above . 
  as for `` sabotaging integration '' , i do n't believe in `` full integration '' for turks in europe . 
  the culture is too different , the optimum is peaceful coexistence . 
  full integration implies becoming virtually indistinguishable from the local population , which is physically impossible and mentally difficult . 
  and with the rise of the right wing it becomes even more impossible . 
  i 'm not a believer in multiculturalism . 
  [ neither is merkel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=be6dr7t-ziq ), 
  he 's a humble leader , not an egoist at all if you knew him . 
  he 's the reason we 've done so well economically , our currency rose in value , exports through the roof , foreign investments near quadrupled since he came to power , he built several mega-projects , bridges , tunnels , ( the biggest airport in europe is currently being built in turkey ) , significant progress has been made infrastructure wise also . 
  not to mention our [ gold reserves ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/turkey/gold-reserves ) and gdp rise . 
  most of these can be looked up on wikipedia . 
  also he gave the kurdish minority so many rights , they were n't allowed to speak their language , erdogan allowed them into politics and let them have their own tv channels and so on . 
  majority of kurds vote for him in turkey . 
  he 's done a lot of good which the western media does n't show . 
  i do n't like the anti-freedom and humanitarian rights violations either but extreme circumstances require extreme measures . 
  turkey has many enemys . 
  why do you all want to bring erdogan , the democratically elected president down ? 
  just because he stands in your way ? 
  every resistance from the west against him will be seen as an act of provocation to the turkish people which will make him even more popular . 
  erdogan has done well for turkeys economy for most of his years of service . 
  social policies are arguable and the average turk does n't care much for censorship . 
  take those euro-goggles off for once . 
  turkey is special , its strategically very important location and it is where cultures clash , it is very diverse . 
  it 's where europe and asia meets . 
  you 're the one dealing in absolutes , smartass . 
  are you dumb ? 
  an east europan union would bring great balance to the region . 
  maybe breaking up the soviet union was a mistake ? 
  should have invested more in ads . 
   who the hell reaches marriage without fucking ? 
  vast majority in the middle eastern countries i 'd say . 
  women are very protected . 
  they must be reading the wrong book then and should n't call themselves muslim . 
  it is just misleading and white-washes islam . 
  `` muslim '' `` marriage '' what a clown show . 
  why do these people insist on clinging to already established faiths that openly reject them ? 
  pretty sure i fought the belfry gargoyles on that roof . 
  says who, 
  women are not allowed to pray with men . 
   budapest , hungary ( ap ) -- hungary 's prime minister said friday that harsh criticism by billionaire george soros is a `` declaration of war . '', 
  soros has accused prime minister viktor orban of running a corrupt `` mafia state . '', 
   orban alleged that the hungarian-american investor was paying `` agent-like networks '' of non-governmental organizations to enforce his policies , including the promotion of migration , in europe and hungary . 
   `` this is a declaration of war , '' orban said on state radio . 
  `` we are facing a financial speculator who has made a lot of money while ... plunging many into poverty . '', 
   orban was replying to soros ' speech thursday at the brussels economic forum where he spoke about the challenges faced by the european union , including conflicts over the rule of law in poland and hungary . 
   `` the hungarian government is defending the borders , built fences , and under these circumstances the soros plan ca n't be carried out , '' said orban , who has become a european standard bearer for opposition to immigration , especially by muslims from the middle east and asia . 
  yup !, 
  too bad we lost to lyon after :(, 
  big difference culturally , not just between turks and arabs but in turkey itself . 
  almost every region in unique in its culture and traditions . 
  also we are much more liberal compared to arabs . 
  good game ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oorjvallgb4 ),
