sorry , i thought i was on / r/uk . 
  no , i mean they pay you a very high wage for working in a supermarket . 
  an experienced store manager gets # 58k a year . 
  to put that into perspective , a teacher with 10 years experience in a top school will only earn # 37k, 
  that 's the germans for you . 
  aldi is the same , they pay you a fucking wedge . 
  good overtime rates and all that . 
  good on lidl , i expect aldi will follow suit rather soon . 
  it is more popular in ireland . 
  their attempts at a proper football team are useless so they 've got to settle for something else, 
  that 's the one . 
  tastes like shit but two of us powered through all 48 in 2 days !, 
  ca n't remember what it was called . . a le coq or something ?? 
  and to give me credit i had a 20kg bag on my back and was hungover as shit from finishing off a bottle of riga balsam the night before, 
  as fair as i was aware they 're only native to sumatra and borneo anyway . 
  at least thats what the locals tell you on borneo, 
  i found it fucking hilarious when i went over from tallinn to helsinki . 
  kids who look like they 've only just learnt to walk pushing trolley 's filled with alcohol . 
  men in hunting gear dancing on their own with a can of lager . 
  the ferry staff do n't even bother . 
  i had to take part and bought 48 cans of the cheapest beer and carried it all the way to espoo . 
  is it ? 
  the smallest note you can take out the cash machine is $ 20, 
  completely agree . 
  i hate him and i hate his politics . 
  that stupid act he puts on is just a mask for his true right wing views . 
  he 'd be a worse pm than cameron, 
  we have beautiful beaches !, 
  you 're not looking hard enough . 
  we 've had snow this morning up north, 
  some right wing mep ? 
  she 'll fit right in with nige and his rabble . 
  she 's just come for a pint and the chance to hit cameron right in his stupid face . 
  read the article for fucks sake . 
   coloured the 80 's phoned , they want their racist terms back, 
  what 's your plan ? 
  i was there and in armenia for a month in january . 
  come on , she nicked his mates jacket !, 
  only time they show up in our house is at christmas, 
  sorry , how is that bbc title click bait ? 
  standard behaviour in catholic schools across the british isles too according to the other comments . 
  my mum said they used to hold your hands down palms open and whack it with a cane till it bled , meaning you could n't write with it . 
  this was only for the boys though , the women did n't get hit, 
  do n't get your hopes up , it 's completely uneventful . 
  nothing like this guy is tooting on about . 
  it 's a ferry for two and a half hours . 
  nothing exciting goes on , believe me . 
  georgia surprised me . 
  over all government buildings the eu flag is up next to the state flag . 
  do n't bother with tax , it gives you a little bump, 
  how are you pretty sure on that ? 
  there is no evidence at all , aside from the bullshit you 've read on here . 
  not really true , for a tourist visa you put your travel dates ( entry and exit ) and they issue you your visa for that amount of time . 
  if you get it done from a visa agency they 'll recommend you just add days on either side to make room in case there is any problems, 
  russia is a wonderful country . 
  very cheap at the moment too, 
  you 're talking utter shit . 
  where do you get your information on this ? 
  solely r/europe ? 
  much more about georgia georgia !, 
  up north we call them pancakes, 
  foreign office advises you not to go anywhere where you ca n't gain consular assistance . 
  it does n't particularly mean a place is n't safe, 
  bratislava is pretty shit though, 
  you did n't even read it did you . 
  the bus is comfy as fuck though on luxexpress, 
  are you forgetting the high speed rail that passes straight through ? 
  there is a direct train between london and paris/brussels, 
  you crazy ? 
  course they do . 
  london goes directly to paris and brussels . 
  they make the most of their money on commuters . 
  did you even bother to click the link ? 
  you do for connecting international flights, 
  you have a scottish flair yet spell like an american !, 
  really ? 
  you 're cheering for the guy who 's funding isis ? 
  who has told you that ? 
  you do n't really have a clue do you, 
  sorry what ? 
  honestly what do you know of this ` english mentality ' you speak of ? 
  it 's much later than that . 
  if you 're out of the cities there 's a chance your local pub will do a ` lock-in ' till 3 or 4am . 
  they just shut the curtains and lock the doors, 
  yeah , this id say . 
  when i was 18 i used to drink half a litre of whisky before going out , then drink vodka red bulls when i 'm out . 
  this was twice a week thursday 's and saturdays . 
  it 's calmed down now of course but i 'll still drink 10-15 pints on a friday night, 
  barely , it 's most popular with russians . 
  the brits probably will make a difference but barely , most just go to spain anyway . 
  the russians wo n't come to the eu because of the visa issues . 
  it needs a trip to the embassy/consulate to open it , then i 'm pretty sure you need to go to that particular country which opens up the schengen benefits, 
  completely different , surely ? 
  unless you 're suggesting there is some faceless organisation somewhere pulling all the strings . 
  there is n't many more powerful people than leaders of the worlds superpowers, 
  sorry what ? 
  of course there is . 
  you plot the amount of births for the previous years to predict for the coming years . 
  most halloumi sold in the uk has cypriot stamped on it !, 
  best : women worst : women,
