  does n't seem to be on the app just yet, 
  i 'm not sure why you 're dragging a completely separate issue into it ? 
  i love moscow . 
  definitely not an unpopular opinion . 
  i think every citizen will agree with you , just the governments who love wanking over pictures of the king and the crown prince, 
  or the italians, 
  hardly communist . 
  soviet russia ceased to be a communist country when stalin came to power . 
  did you remove his comment ? 
  care to explain because i 'm pretty sure that is completely false . 
  no , you get either a 3 month or 6 month work visa which is renewed by your employer . 
  the only thing that lets your permanently work there is a passport, 
  i know you 're joking but in seriousness he 's there on a temporary working visa . 
  he 's under no obligation whatsoever to integrate, 
  where abouts are you ? 
  i 've never seen a chippy in england ever sell a fried mars bar, 
  in a survey published today , 64 % of belarusians said they thought the recent election was rigged , 2 % had no opinion , and 134 % said they thought everything was above board . 
  what a ridiculous , nonsensical comment . 
  the girl who 's the new nus president ( megan dunn ) is quite good . 
  she spoke at the anti austerity protests over the weekend and seems quite switched on with her views too . 
  how are they right ? 
  salty about what exactly ? 
  i 'm not even latvian . 
  2/10 troll , shill etc etc unless you really are thick as fuck and believe the words that come out of your mouth, 
   fuck off said politboro , `` all you potatos are belong to us '', 
  the mind boggles . 
  what is it with thick as pig shit right wing groups burning stuff ? 
  the boss of jcb was a staunch brexiter though , so there 's that, 
  safe space guys !!!!, 
  stop triggering this guy, 
  not to mention americas voting system is flawed . 
  electoral college has got to go if you do n't want this to keep happening . 
  we 're not doing too bad in r/manchester !, 
  best place for russians from st petersburg to do their schengen finnish visa runs, 
  we brits have the best pint . 
  568ml , and if the head is unreasonably large or it 's just not been filled up properly you can tell them to top it up for you . 
  in the england and wales it 's limited hours . 
  still depends on the size of the shop . 
  small shops can open whenever they want . 
  large shops must close on easter sunday and christmas day , and sundays the max time they can stay open is 6 hours between 10am and 6pm . 
  it was up in parliament like last month to get it changed to a normal working day but the tories filibustered it out of the house . 
  calm down trumpovic , the usa is n't the only one that spends the required gdp, 
  cevapi all round though , worth it, 
  you 're probably just jaded from all the shit going on . 
  i can assure you though that the majority of brits are not inherently angry and bitter . 
  in the past 4 years i 've lived in russia for a few months ( and only left because my visa expired ) and travelled to 40 + countries for varying amounts of time . 
  not sure how that 's relevant though , different countries do n't have different definitions of angry and bitter . 
  what you 've said does n't even make sense . 
  it seems like you 're knowledge of sinn fein is non-existent , but they were the political wing of the pira which was responsible for over 1700 deaths . 
  sticking to their terrorist roots , just attempting to fuck up the uk in a different way, 
  angry and bitter people ? 
  seriously i think you should get out more or make new friends . 
  that 's totally wrong . 
  the internet is a breeding ground for it but go out and actually speak to normal people and you 'll see how wrong you are . 
  how many pakistanis are in poland ? 
  not really . 
  it 's a legitimate social media site that 's used in russia and the cis . 
  just has incredibly lax laws on what can be hosted on it . 
  there will be more pirated movies than porn . 
  it 's great for ebooks too, 
  their number one priority is reelection in 2020 which would be at risk if they voted against the will of their constituents . 
  exactly . 
  your average xenophobe who 's going to attack a foreigner does n't know nor care what country you 're from unless it 's good ` ol england, 
  that 's a pretty mean ( and ignorant ) comment in itself . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  do you know many brits being from canada ? 
  so you have to have personally had a hand in building something to be proud of it ? 
  you sound like an idiot . 
  finland does n't surprise me . 
  my mate is finnish and i went to see him in helsinki a couple of years ago , his parents had him out the house at 18 and in an apartment , granted he lives about 50m away from his parents and took all the washing to his mum though . 
  the uk surprised me being so low , pretty much everyone i know still live at home . 
  housing is unaffordable nowadays since house prices have shot up but wages have stagnated . 
  plenty of corbyn hate on r/u . k. 
  nowadays, 
  is it true that tanks in italy have 4 reverse gears ? 
  i commented in the first reply to this comment that i was mistaken and it was the tallest in europe . 
  yeah , went earlier this year for a few days, 
  sorry my bad , it was the tallest in europe at the time it was built . 
  i 'm banned from entry to azerbaijan, 
  not exactly related but there 's a bunch of guys standing outside the reichstag with signs saying that merkel is the head of the fourth reich and is continuing on adolf hitler 's work from where he left off , with calls for russia to help bring it down . 
  any germans have any fucking idea at all what these lot are on about ? 
  near enough every single former ussr country has one of those stalin buildings . 
  i find them fascinatingly beautiful to be honest . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/seven_sisters_ ( moscow ) moscow has seven of the biggest ones . 
  moscow state university was the tallest building in the world for a while . 
  she 's still the head of state of antigua and barbuda , australia , the bahamas , barbados , belize , canada , grenada , jamaica , new zealand , papua new guinea , saint kitts and nevis , saint lucia , saint vincent and the grenadines , the solomon islands , tuvalu and the uk of course . 
  to be fair you can get a megabus manchester  london for # 2.50 if you 're smart . . 
  the idea of this ticket is to hop from city to city . 
  not go as far as you can in one go . 
  it 's for tourism . 
  in this case you 'd have warsaw as your starting destination and barcelona as your final . 
  you 'd stop off in a different city along the way . 
  i 'm failing to see how this is n't a good deal ? 
  it 's like $ 5 berlin to hamburg 12 times a day . 
  yea , thanks for that . 
  if you 'd clicked the article you 'd see it 's not related to movies in the slightest , and i 've not got a clue what you 're banging on about visas for . 
  sorry , what ? 
  so instagram is only confined to hipsters ? 
  what is this ` hot ' that you speak of ? 
  sincerely , north of england,
