  why does it mean to stay there for good ? 
  got any examples ? 
  being american i do n't think you 'll know too much about yougov but they are incredibly accurate when it comes to this and are pretty much the authority when it comes to polling . 
  the snp is the third largest party in the uk and only represents scotland , there are no constituencies anywhere else . 
  in some ways you could say they have more representation than england because of this . 
  where have they said that ? 
  the tories are the big business party . 
  always have been . 
  they 'll always now to the whims of the big corporations as it 's i 'm there blood . 
  i can tell you for a fact that they 'll chose their countries economic future over the xenophobia of a small part of the population . 
  it 's a false report . 
  not really, 
  regardless . 
  the uk currently has 10 skilled trade negotiators , to put that in perspective canada has around 300 . 
  the uk is in absolutely not position at all to be negotiating trade deals until this improves . 
  leaving now would be pointless and only hurt ourselves . 
  lol i do n't think you understand what that entails . 
  point is associating isis with all muslims is stupid . 
  more muslims have died from extremist terror attacks than non muslims you fuckwit . 
  also how is that even slightly relevant to a secular country suppressing religious freedoms ? 
  erm , i think you 'll find they do . 
  not possible, 
  it 's not a law you idiot . 
  do mayors have the authority to enact laws ? 
  mayors of their respective towns are representing france are they not ? 
  i 'm pretty sure france is a secular nation with freedom of religion, 
  so what 're you saying ? 
  you should follow your religion to the letter or not at all ? 
  fuck me , your geographical and political knowledge is atrocious . 
  look at a map and have a read of the news mate . 
  yeah but the world does n't think the baltic 's are equally shit . 
  i 'm going to take a guess and say you 're about 15 and never actually left the country you 're from, 
  what 's with the saltiness ? 
  why is it not ? 
  surely it 's the opposite and fantastic for the economy . 
  too busy selling guns to reporters to innovate , eh ? 
  too busy getting trapped in the tourist traps, 
  seems like you made the mistake of sticking to cities rather that going out to the countryside, 
  montenegro gets by alright with such close proximity to dubrovnik . 
  the rest are criminally underrated , half the price of croatia with half the people but just as good as the likes of croatia, 
  belgrade is one of the best cities in europe imo . 
  fucking insane nightlife and one of the most chilled cities i 've been to , filled with hipster bars and restaurants and a solid craft beer scene, 
  is it ? 
  i thought it was based on a combination of population , culture , industry and historical significance . 
  the uk has some of the worst media in western europe no doubt , sky included . 
  sorry but this is not confined to the british . 
  this is par for the course for any journalist of the gutter press . 
  thats a rather ignorant comment . 
  does n't matter , maybe in the cities that 's the case but out in the country definitely not . 
  case in point my mate from helsinki was coming to the end of his 12 months conscription and i was travelling russia at the time so decided to go and meet him for a night out with his section . 
  out of 12 of them only three could speak english to the point of being able to hold a conversation , never-mind take orders or listen to instruction from anyone in english . 
  it might be a compulsory subject in school but if you 're living in the middle of nowhere lithuania with a poorer quality education than in the capital and no native speakers to chat to your english will not be up to any kind of military standard . 
  hardly . 
  the extent of nato forces working together are a few exercises each year tucked away somewhere in the baltics . 
  we do n't speak a common language with each other and do n't necessarily have the same training or drills . 
  not surprising !, 
  there 's that much cocaine use in the uk it 's literally in the water http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/cocaine-use-in-britain-so-high-it-has-contaminated-our-drinking-water-report-shows-9350477.html, 
  not surprising . 
  everywhere in the russian sphere of influence generally speak fluent russian anyway , there 's not much need for them to learn a second language , similar to the uk and america, 
  rip dog bro :(, 
  he 's dead ?!, 
  you guys are fucking clueless . 
  it 's in the eu 's benefit to put the uk in the eea . 
  believe it or not european politics extends further than petty squabbles . 
  this is one of the biggest contributors leaving . 
  stop being so dense and look at the bigger picture . 
  a lot of the buildings are half empty too . 
  sanctions and a shit economy means there 's not much going on there . 
  rent is dirt cheap . 
  there 's even a hostel in one of them !, 
  no fuck that , it was his campaign promise that put us in this mess of an abortion to begin with . 
  corbyn will never be prime minister . 
  only project fear listen to experts . 
  look at them now, 
  in denial of what exactly ? 
  well as it stands 40 million of a total 100 million ryanair flights are to or from the uk , so it 's potentially a big hit . 
  flight will keep flying though and not a great deal will change, 
  sound stupid . 
  40 million passengers a year on uk routes out of a total 100 million . 
  i ca n't understand what he 's on about . 
  cameron said something similar so no need for the snp circlejerk . 
  it 's happened before ( albeit not with something as serious as leaving ) http://imgur.com/za1zepj, 
  banter, 
  which are these bases you speak of ? 
  what have burka 's got to do with anything ? 
  anyone can use it , but it 's not free . 
  same as in the us . 
  you 'll get a bill at the end . 
  fyi vlad is short for the name vladislav . 
  the short name for vladimir is vova . 
  very few businesses have ` fled ' . 
  absolutely nothing hidden about it . 
  it 's probably one of the most visited towns on the adriatic , every since cruise ship in that area stops there . 
  there 's a martin clunes one that is piss funny, 
  no matter which was you dress it up turkey is a nato member , like it or not . 
  this is even barely news in that sense . 
  not to mention your hypocrisy that germany and the us are the biggest trading partners for arms to turkey . 
  all in all you 're attempts to shit on britain make you look like a twat . 
  hang on , do n't get in the way of the two minutes hate here . 
  its time for the daily shit on the uk thread !,
