  who are you quoting there ? 
  where does it say that ? 
  i mean that joke barely even makes sense , even in this context . 
  are you 12 ? 
  creepy ? 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  it would n't be a problem for 99 % of people . 
  every australian has british roots somewhere along the line , and pretty much every 1 in 3 people in britain have australian relatives . 
  also culturally australia is similar to britain more than any other country imo . 
  smells like bullshit, 
  economically inactive does not mean unemployed . 
  it 's people who are not searching for work , ie retired , students , long term sick , careers etc. 
  it would be stupid to class these as unemployed . 
  show me one country that counts students as unemployed . 
  but of course yeah , lets go with your uneducated comment that there 's too much spin !, 
  a very obscure one . 
  yeah post is awful . 
  everything has to go through moscow even if it 's going as far as vladivostok and being delivered from western china . 
  all my shit gets opened too and they have a poke around . 
  lol , check the bitterness on this guy . 
  show me a better public broadcaster on the planet than the bbc . 
  from the brexit ministers - yes . 
  that 's what they 're paid to do . 
  it 's the same level of arrogance from the brexit camp pre referendum , of which all of them are . 
  what ?? 
  maybe you 're surrounding yourself with the pro-brexit lot a bit too much . 
  seriously , who 's upvoting this shit ? 
  wow , what a fucking prick . 
  i bet you 've never even met a russian , have you \uff1f, 
  some bosnian schools also insists that their children are segregated from one another under the guise that ` croat kids ca n't understand bosnian ' . 
  it 's incredibly sad, 
  and part of the british isles do n't forget, 
  [ yes ] ( https://imgur.com/a/jpxe2 ) and [ yes . 
  the press are free to roam and do whatever they want . 
  see : daily mail . 
  rapper do, 
  and were those murders committed by refugees ? 
  it 's per capita . 
  we do n't kill people dude . 
  just a swift boot to the dome after a few stella 's . 
  it 's all in good nature . 
  why is the queen 's speech on irish tv ? 
  the residents of crimea are now russian , with russian passports . 
  in this context regarding statistical numbers such as population it would be invalid to not include it as part of russia . 
  russians usually need a visa to visit china , but those who live in the border towns can visit visa free for 3 or 4 days as long as they 're staying in those actual towns and not going anywhere else . 
  same for the chinese . 
  wow . 
  i 'm wondering what kind of person it takes to come out with a comment like that . 
  like seriously , what a strange place your mind must be . 
  are mirrors real ? 
  let 's swap envoy hostel rooftop pictures !, 
  kirill of moscow is it ? 
  what 's your guy from tbilisi called again ? 
  if you do n't know the population disparity between england and scotland you 're not retarded . 
  and that scottish yellow is rather misleading . 
  there are only 5 million scots , yet 53 million english . 
  that was already planned prior to the brexit vote . 
  in fact it was more than 100 people planned to move over . 
  you 're not going to timbuktu , there will be hundreds of tourists there the same as you at any given time . 
  the locals are used to it and wo n't bat an eye . 
  you think there 's no migrants trying to sneak on trucks there anymore ? 
  hipsters, 
  who are they btw ? 
  manchester and proud, 
  because it 's possible that the law has n't caught up with public opinion yet . 
  if you read the description it 's about legal policy . 
  cuz rooskies, 
  the metro is n't innocent though . 
  it 's owned by the daily mail trust which is equally as shady . 
  suggesting firing warning shots to people coming over on boats is a disgusting suggestion anyway . 
  that 's the kind of thing you do to animals to shoo them off . 
  does n't matter . 
  camra said at the beginning of the year that they 've worked out 27 pubs a week are closing . 
  very easy . 
  i 'd say the vast majority of people in st petersburg who actually want to travel to the eu have a finnish . 
  hell , finland happily issues 5 year visas to russians . 
  once you 've got your finnish visa , welcome to schengen . 
  aye , bloody ` elf and safety culture has ruined europe !, 
  international law is just something the elites have come up with to oppress the working class !, 
  aberdeen has the highest average disposable income in the u.k. too bad the place is miserable as fuck . 
  honestly helsinki and finland in general is pretty miserable in winter in my opinion . 
  when you 're talking 6 hours of daylight in january and 100 % cloud cover it 's pretty grim . 
  i was there for five days this january just passed and i 'm sure i only saw the sun for about ten minutes . 
  go in summer however and long sunny days await you and it 's much nicer . 
  good weather in the summer and cevapi . 
  there 's worse stuff to complain about . 
  farage is a cunt but death by plane you do n't wish on anyone . 
  ok , so eli5 : what happens now ? 
  best case scenario , worst case ? 
  multi-pass ? 
  makes you out to be a bit of a cunt if you hate individuals because of the actions of their government . 
  my uncle retired to a village north of malaga , bought a run down house and did it up for 6 years then lived there for 2 then sold it and moved back to manchester . 
  they were a friendly bunch , he still keeps in touch with the ones that spoke a bit of english now ( as in true british fashion i 'm pretty sure he came home after 8 years speaking the same amount of spanish as he did when he went ) . 
  obligatory tom scott video : https://youtu.be/oe93j33sfhy, 
  graffiti is spotted in belgrade seems to agree with you http://imgur.com/qkdwwmb, 
  i 'm currently on ~ $ 28 ( at today 's exchange rate ) for unlimited data ( which they class as 1000gb , after that they 'll guess you 're using it for commercial use and investigate ) and 12gb per month to use in 40 different countries including the us and australia , as well as near enough all eu countries now . 
  ahead of the curve when it comes to scrapping roaming fees . 
  ... that 's just insane . 
  why are you paying those prices ? 
  that 's impossibly inflated .
