  finally getting some winter mood with some proper snow . 
  obviously it 's still dark most of the times , just some hours from about 8-15 when it 's semi sunny . 
  our territory is pretty much the same as it was in 1905 when we became independent . 
  we had some disputes in the 30 's over some islands in greenland and canada , aswell as franz josef land in russia but we lost them all . 
  however we do have some active disputes with russia over the barents sea . 
  think the sea border was changed as late as in 2011 and it 's still quite disupted . 
  the area has a ton of oil and gass which both sides are obviously interested in . 
  he is very big aswell , alongside kygo they are probably our two most well known artists . 
  true , forgot about him . 
  dead : edvard grieg , henrik ibsen and edvard munch alive : magnus carlsen and ole gunnar solskj\u00e6r, 
  what about andriy shevchenko ? 
  robert kranjec and peter prevec are the only two i know :p \u00a8 edit : well actually jan oblak , samir handanovic and robert koren aswell, 
  probably 1970 's to now . 
  finding the oil helped our economy and country in general . 
  the whole oil business has n't done that well the last 4-5 years but with all the money we 've made we 're still good to go for many years to come . 
  i 'd say we 're currently in our golden age . 
  catholicism , robert lewandowski , kurwa , cheap shit and immigrants , we got a lot of polish immigrants here . 
  there are a lot of mooses around my town . 
  people frequently collide with them and it can be pretty dangerous . 
  moose hunting is also very common . 
  i 've seen moose a lot of times and it 's normal for people to see them in their backyards here . 
  wolfs also exists but there are n't many and it 's currently a huge debate in norway whether we should kill or protect them , they kill a lot of sheep which sheep owners are mad about but i want to keep them myself . 
  do n't really see problems with most migrants as people but it certainly does n't help the country long term . 
  especially in a country with strong welfare like ourselves . 
  many migrants struggle to adapt , learn the language and even get a job . 
  when they 're then getting money from the state while not contributing that 's an issue looking forward . 
  it 's also not really a coincidence that rape and crime rates in scandinavia have gone up quite a bit since we started accepting more migrants . 
  most of them are nice but it 's also not a small portion that do n't want to contribute while living of money from the state . 
  i would n't say they 're an issue yet but if this keeps on happening then it will be very soon . 
  guess my three years of studying french in secondary school did n't go too well lol, 
  it 's all good pal , that dirty swedish scrub tried to trick you :d, 
  finnish : perkele , vittu russian : cyka blyat , idi nahui , pidar , ebat , spasiba , davai , priviet , babushka , pizdec , svinya ( yeah , i 've played cs : go with russians ) danish : r\u00f8dgr\u00f8d med fl\u00f8de german : was machst du gern ? 
  english : i like turtles french : tu habit ou ? 
  spanish : tu hablas ingles ? 
  italian : ciao czech : peecha polish : kurwa dutch : ik, 
  but , but the show is norwegian : /, 
  not really but when talking to lets say americans then i get a slight european feeling . 
  i 'd still say i feel more nordic or scandinavian though rather than european . 
  most famous is most definitely edvard grieg 's [ in the hall of the mountain king ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xriyt-mrvai ) . 
  quite famous and a brilliant piece of music , love the way it just starts off slowly and quitely and ends up in abseloute chaos . 
  [ morning mood ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcezh3mwily ) is also famous, 
  probably sweden . 
  live close to the border , been there so many times and it 's fairly similar to home . 
  not a uninteresting country or anything just not the most interesting for me since i 've been there so much and it 's similar to what i 'm used to . 
  i do like the country and it 's a nice visit though, 
  it 's illegal but in some cities police do n't really care . 
  in oslo the police are generally more strict and if you 're spotted even in parks the police will tell you to throw it away . 
  trondheim though is more liberal from my experience , i 've been told by people that live there that the police usually do n't bother taking people that drink out in a park on a summers day even though it 's illegal . 
  what , i 've never heard that before, 
  have n't really thought about that before . 
  mabye copenhagen for something similar to what i 'm used to . 
  used to it , it definitely is a bit depressing though . 
  now/during the winter the only sunlight we get is during the middle of the day , which is the exact time i 'm studying . 
  so i pretty much have n't seen the sunlight in months . 
  it sucks a bit tbh but i 'm used to it and it makes me look forward even more to the summer . 
  it 's quite difficult and a long process . 
  firstly you have to take a 17 hour theoretical course before you can even start practice driving . 
  most people usually do this when they 're 15 so they can start practice driving immediately when they turn 16 . 
  then you have to sign up for a driving school and take lessons . 
  how many lessons you need usually depends on how much you 've previously driven and how fast you learn . 
  the whole process of taking the license is divided up in 4 stages . 
  first one being the 17 hour theoretical course , then stage 2 is being comfortable and learning how to steer and use the car . 
  understanding gearing , clutching , braking etc. 
  stage 3 is learning to drive in heavy traffic and in cities in general . 
  here you learn to understand all the rules etc. 
  in this stage you also got ta finish a `` slippery road course '' which takes 2-3 hours . 
  here you drive around on a slippery course and you 're supposed to understand and learn how difficult it is to steer the car on a slippery surface . 
  you also got ta do a long driving session with your driving teacher which takes 3-4 hours . 
  stage 4 is the last stage where you 're supposed to take the theoretical and practical exam . 
  the theoretical is a test of 45 questions where you can get maximum 7 wrong answers , questions vary from signs to traffic rules etc. 
  practical exam is a 45-60 min exam where you drive a route which is given to you by the examinator . 
  you got ta drive more or less flawlessy . 
  i had a friend that failed just because he accelerated a bit too slowly . 
  some of the examinators are very strict . 
  the whole process is also very expensive , most people pay + / - $ 2.200 for everything . 
  i use norwegian on windows but mostly english on other software . 
  park and ride is n't really that good of an option a lot of the times here . 
  well at least not where i live . 
  you can however drive for 30km and then take the train into central oslo . 
  the problem however is that the jam and line starts way before you even get to where the train is starting . 
  so when you get to the p+r you 've mostly sat through most of the jam and long lines so it 's not really worth it . 
  it 's also difficult when you have to drive around during your work , if so you most likely want to have your car close to where you 're working . 
  the point is , there are advantages with automatic driving . 
  it 's really ignorant saying it is n't when i 'm clearly presenting facts and you 're trying to shove them under like it 's nothing . 
  for many people automatic cars are great and make your every day commuting a lot easier . 
  that must have been some problems with the car or you as a driver . 
  seriously , 99 % of newer automatic cars are fine to accelerate with , sure you 're not going to attend any rallies any time soon but it 's fine when driving on a day to day basis . 
  again , extremeley bad argument and very biased from your perspective . 
  there are certain people in this world who live outside big cities and have to commute to it every single day for work , in some instances public transport is more difficult and time consuming than driving . 
  some places it 's also non-existent . 
  mabye older manual cars take ages to accelerate but newer cars do n't really . 
  my fathers car is from 2011 i believe and it 's perfectly fine when accelerating and overtaking . 
  i 've never had any problems with that myself . 
  it 's not like you 're going to enter a rally race while driving on a normal road . 
  awful argument , i understand your country is rather small with little people and traffic but there are a lot bigger cities in europe where it 's impossible to just avoid traffic . 
  i currently go to school but my father lives in a small town 45 min outside of oslo ( biggest city in norway ) and every day he drives in to his job in the central part of oslo and he sits about 1 to 1.5 hours in traffic jam/lines every single day which is unavoidable . 
  it 's the only major road to the city from where he lives and train does n't go there . 
  he has to drive and every day he ends up in long lines where having to constantly use your clutch is annoying and tiring . 
  it certaintly is advantages to using automatic cars , dunno why people are so scepticlal of it . 
  i do n't own a car but i 've driven my father 's automatic a few times and it 's very comfortable and easy to drive .
