  cheese slicer, 
  not a picture but ca n't go wrong with a bit of [ l\u00e6ffy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jp1yclqxd1q ) . 
  doubt you 'll find a more unserious army than that :p, 
  been to 16/19 not visited rogaland , m\u00f8re & romsdal and finnmark . 
  ( not a county but not visited svalbard either ) finnmark is the northernmost county and generally not visited much by people from the south ( where i live ) . 
  rogaland and m\u00f8re & romsdal are beautiful places who i probably should have visited . 
  what about scunthorpe ? 
  as a norwegian it 's very easy for me to differnatiate between people from the nordic countries speaking english . 
  most swedes , finns and danes speak english with the accent of their respective languages and the accents they have at home . 
  have n't really heard icelanders speak english an awful lot but imagine i could probably differnatiate them too . 
  for me norwegians that speak english usually do n't have as big of an accent as people from the other nordic countries but that might just be because i listen to those accents all the time . 
  someone from other countries might be able to clearly spot out norwegian-english speakers but i think most of us do n't have as clear of an accent as other speakers of nordic languages . 
  there obviously exist speakers from all the nordic countries with pretty much no accent though who you probably ca n't differentitate but i 'd say the majority have a clear accent that stands out and is easily distinguishable, 
  yes abseloutley but it 's not exactly cheap either . 
  you 'll definitely save some money though . 
  my mother has a gum disease and 2 years ago she had to take 4 trips to hungary with 3-4 months in between to get treatment . 
  she definitely saved money , would have cost her probably approx 100.000 nok ( $ 11.000 ) doing it here in norway but it was `` only '' about 50.000 nok ( $ 5.500 ) in hungary . 
  still sucks seeing as she had to take 1-2 weeks of her paid vacation and it should have be free to begin . 
  depends where you are in the country but you would get along with speaking swedish for the most part . 
  certain parts of the country are better at understanding it than others though but it should n't be a problem . 
  lot of swedish people working in oslo without any issues . 
  danish would be a bit more problematic but i 've seen many danes here only speaking danish and if they speak clearly it 's going to work for the most part . 
  also can be useful speaking german . 
  do n't expect most people to speak it but there are a decent amout of norwegians that speak the language due to having studying it at school . 
  we have a bloody [ anti apocalypse seed vault ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/svalbard_global_seed_vault ) which would come in good use should it happen . 
  pretty much as prepared as you can possibly be we 're also somewhat isolated and are one of the most sparsely populated countries in europe . 
  not to forget our terrain . 
  tons of islands and a lot of mountains . 
  literally perfect for surviving in an apocalypse . 
  think we would be one of the best places in europe to stay during one . 
  and other neo-nazists, 
  pretty sure 99.99 % of the population agrees on that ... 
  i 've not actually been there but probably iceland . 
  it was first settled by norwegians and i 've always been fascinated by remote places . 
  beautiful landscape aswell and guess it 's somewhat similar to here just smaller . 
  iceland is basically norway just going back 1000 years . 
  they speak a language close to what we used to :p, 
  yeah locke should definitely been included . 
  his ideologies played a huge part in both the american and french revolution . 
  [ tjuvholmen ] ( https://www.google.no/maps/@59.9083254,10.7240652,3a,75y,14.77h,98.68t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s_u8fu6rfgpbks-qoie6yuw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) is the most expensive neighbourhood ( if it goes under that definition ) in the country i believe . 
  average price is $ 13.500 per square meter . 
  very exclusive and high end area . 
  great location , very nice view and top quality apartments in general . 
  pretty much the place where all the rich people and celebs live . 
  [ preikestolen ] ( https://www.google.no/maps/@58.9863969,6.188614,3a,75y,51.08h,79.07t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sll3wgjvo2-ltbnhyjzm4ua!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) is pretty cool . 
  you can walk the whole hike up there aswell , lots of amazing places here you can visit in street view . 
  i would honestly like that to happen . 
  sweden is kinda the odd one out with their politics and other views and i 'm pretty sure the other nordic countries would n't want to be in a union with them . 
  a norway-denmark-iceland union i would n't mind at all though , mabye a little strange due to the fact that no one of us are connected by land but it would still be interesting . 
  living in a town with 3000 people you could imagine it is n't very tall [ it 's our church ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iwptz95.jpg ) not anything special or fancy , just a standard church 20-30 meters tall . 
  life of living in the countryside i guess , not many special buildings :p, 
  in terms of ethnicity probably iceland seeing as norwegians first settled there so we 're more or less the same people . 
  we ca n't understand their language though so we do n't really have the same brotherly feeling that we have with sweden and denmark , that 's why i would probably put those two as most similar to us today . 
  there is really no difference when you cross the border to sweden other than yellow road signs and a slightly different language . 
  everything is pretty much the same . 
  rovinj and pula aswell , probably my two favorite towns/cities from when i visited croatia , very beautiful places . 
  people generally do n't really care . 
  many use it in their daily speech without any problems , when i was younger i swore a fair bit myself but even my parents never really cared . 
  it 's not looked upon in a bad way , just another way to express how you are feeling about something . 
  northern norway especially is known for being super lenient on swearing , their humour is basically based on saying an awful lot of swear words without any meaning and its actually really funny, 
  yeah but i 'd expect the government to step in with projects like these . 
  and it 's not like it would be that big of a project either . 
  at the shortest the strait is about 3km wide . 
  bridges of that size are n't uncommon at all and are quite often getting built in other areas of the world where such bridges do n't even seem that needed . 
  i 'm not an expert on southern italy and how much of a need there actually is for a bridge like this but i 'd expect it would be worth it concidering that sicily is a pretty large island with a sizeable population . 
  in norway we build 1km bridges to small islands with 5k people with little importance . 
  i understand our economic situation is a lot different to italy 's but a bridge like this seems to me to be long overdue . 
   we ca n't build a bridge between sicily and calabria always wondered about that actually . 
  when looking at a map of italy the actual distance from sicily to the mainland is n't far at all . 
  a ton of bridges that are longer than that currently in europe . 
  i understand it would cost a fair bit to build but it seems like a massive thing if it would get built and its not that far across . 
  any reason to why it 's not getting built ? 
  that would be one hell of a tunnel, 
  `` best seafood in europe '' ? 
  is that why you use norwegian fish in your bacalhau ? 
  hahah , just kidding , it 's great . 
  does n't matter if the access is limited and if you need a permit to go there ( you do n't actually need visa or any other permits though but let just imagine you do ) . 
  it still does n't make the tourists wrong when they think polar bears exist . 
  as long as they are on norwegian soil , which they are then the tourists are 100 % correct . 
  eu is n't a country though and the main goal of it has nothing to with that . 
  it 's only really there to strengthen the economy of the members . 
  a unified nordics would be totally different , you would need a way to agree on politics , which is extremeley different in all the countries . 
  how would you cope with the language issue ? 
  the problems would be endless and the people would n't want it either . 
  swedes and norwegians do n't really want to join up with sweden, 
  the people that live there ? 
  also a beautiful tourist destination that is a part of the country . 
  does n't make the tourists wrong, 
  dont think a revived kalmar union will ever happen . 
  even though we are similar culturally and respect each other i think most people in the nordic prefers staying alone . 
  the politics is very different especially in sweden that to the rest of us . 
  also think most norwegians and danes would n't want to join up with sweden again . 
  norway , denmark and iceland in one union would be more likely but even that would never happen im pretty sure, 
  errrmm , there are polar bears in norway . 
  seems like the tourists know more than you :p, 
  it 's alright , i 'm not the abseloute biggest fan of it personally but i do eat it whenever my family has it . 
  they 're a lot bigger fan of it than me . 
  how it tastes can vary quite a lot though , on the type of whale and the quality of the meat . 
  i 've eaten very chewy whale steaks before and that was something i really did n't enjoy . 
  however if you manage to prepare it well and the quality of the meat is good then i do n't mind it .
