  it 's a good 4-5 hour drive from where my family and parents live though so we sadly ca n't use it all that often . 
  usually go up there 3-4 times a year, 
  sorry but i 'll have to disagree with that :d, 
  i grew up in inland norway 25km from the swedish border . 
  my dialect was therefore quite rural with a few swedish words added into the mix . 
  i did n't have the broadest dialect though , many people that talked a lot broader . 
  the town was very small though so it was mainly just the local dialect that was used , some spoke a lot cleaner like in oslo and some with the typical broad dialect . 
  the biggest group of immigrants were/are ( i still live there ) burmese people , so i heard them speak a bit . 
  i also had some russian friends who communicated with eath other but other than that it was n't much . 
  a few poles , pakistanis , afghans etc but it was mainly just norwegian . 
  about $ 2.50 to $ 3 for 200 grams is normal . 
  you 'll find some brands a tad cheaper and some a little more than that . 
  generally it 's very expensive like everything else here . 
  makes me a little sad seeing how cheap it is in other countries lol, 
  favorite game ever : super mario 64 currently i only really play cs : go , will probably pick up football manager 17 , civ 6 and dishonored 2 ( when it comes out ) soon though . 
  ah , it 's difficult . 
  i 've driven many times from where i live in southern norway all the way to northern norway which includes driving over many islands . 
  and i ca n't recall them all . 
  i 've atleast been to 100 islands in just norway . 
  i might have been to a lot more though . 
  there are also definitely a lot of people here that 's been to a lot more islands than i have . 
  i live inland so i do n't go to islands on a regular basis , only when i 'm on vacation and travelling etc. 
  people that for instance live on the west coast will probably have visited an insane number of islands and many more than i have . 
  yeah true . 
  for instance i often visit my family in lofoten by car , when i 'm there i drive onto countless of new islands just chained together by bridges . 
  there are so many here and when you get to a new one that is accessible by bridge you almost do n't even treat it like a island . 
  erm . 
  we have a quintillion amout of islands , one of the countries with the most islands in europe . 
  so it 's impossible to tell every single one i 've been to . 
  for the biggest ones , i 've been to most of the islands in lofoten . 
  beautiful area and group of islands . 
  very nice driving over all the bridges that connect them . 
  also been the the archipelagos in \u00d8stfold and vestfold , beautiful aswell in another way . 
  also a ton of islands on the west coast but not been to most of those unfortunately . 
  abroad : been to great britain twice . 
  honshu in japan . 
  cres , losinj and krk in croatia ( extremeley beautiful islands btw ) . 
  bozcaada in turkey , and finally funen and zealand in denmark . 
  like 6 ? 
  guess we 're somewhat known for being a part of scandinavia and being successful in creating a high standard of living and well working country . 
  many people probably also know us for vikings and norse mythology . 
  we however have n't invented much and we do n't have many famous people . 
  sweden is definitely the big brother in scandinavia and are most known internationally , would n't say we 're unknown though . 
  i do n't really mind it that much , being nordic i ca n't handle doing things outside in more than 30 \u00b0 c. 
  honestly i prefer around 15 \u00b0 c - 20 \u00b0 c and that 's the average temperature in the summer so i quite like it . 
  winters definitely can get very cold , it can get as cold -30 \u00b0 c in the town i live in , it being inland aswell it makes it feel even colder and those days really do suck . 
  it make you value the warm summer days a lot more though and i like winter sports so i accept the cold climate in the winter . 
  my town also get next to no rain which is nice , we can get a lot of snow in the winter but i mostly like it . 
  for me christmas is n't real christmas without snow . 
  living in the south with warm days most days of the year would get boring to me , i really like having and experiencing proper seasons . 
  japan is my pick . 
  had the pleasure to go there earlier this year , incredible country . 
  always been interested in their history and culture . 
  their architecture is very fascinating and i find the contract between old and new very interesting . 
  the country got everything really . 
  yeah the armenian script is also pretty cool . 
  find the caucasian countries pretty interesting in general . 
  beautiful countries and region , want to visit them some time . 
  icelandic - i 'm very interested in the language and i find it very cool . 
  close to what we used to speak in norway and i would love to learn it one day . 
  the unique letters they have are also very cool 2 . 
  english - huge vocabulary , so many ways to express yourself compared to my native language for instance . 
  russian - music in russian is cool , listen to some even though i do n't understand a word 4 . 
  italian - nice to listen to 5 . 
  dutch - just cool , like the pronunciation also really like georgian , but not sure if it counts here since it 's not in a european language group . 
  the georgian script is the coolest in the world imo , love the way it looks . 
  it 's a pretty long and complicated process here . 
  first , before you can even drive an inch you have to take a 17 hour theoretical course which teaches you most things you need to know about driving + first aid . 
  you usually do this the year you become 15 . 
  then you will have to take practical driving classes . 
  they 're insanely expensive , most driving schools charge about $ 65 for 45 min of driving , ludicrous . 
  how many classes you need depends on how good you are , people usually take abound 5-15 classes depending on how fast they learn etc. 
  there are however some manadatory practical classes aswell . 
  first mandatory one is a 4 hour `` safety course '' , here you drive on a track in slippery conditions so you get to see how difficult breaking and turning etc is in bad typical norwegian weather . 
  you also have a 4-5 hour `` long drive '' which is basically for testing if you 're able to drive for longer distances . 
  you also have `` night driving '' which is a 2-3 hour course usually done toghether with the first teoretical course . 
  you have to take the night driving course to even be eligible to drive in the winter . 
  then you have the actual test exams in order to take the license . 
  first one is the theoretical exam , a 90 min test with 45 questions , you can get maximum 7 wrong answers . 
  it 's about $ 60 for every try so you want to make it on the first go . 
  once you 've finished the theoretical exam you can move onto the practical exam . 
  it 's a 45 minute drive with an examiner besides you . 
  the examiners in the practical exam are known for being strict and harsh . 
  they can fail you for the smallest mistakes . 
  practical exam is $ 350-400 so you also want to make this on the first try . 
  all in all taking the drivers license here is very expensive , reckon most people end up paying $ 2000-2500 for everything . 
   $ 800-1000 that 's cute , here it 's $ 2000-2500 . 
  not even joking , they seriously charge $ 65 for 45 min of driving in a driving school . 
  it 's abseloutley ridiculous . 
  i live about 25km from the border , which is considered close here seeing as many people in the south live quite some distance away from the border . 
  yeah we ( and i ) cross the border fairly frequently . 
  food and alcohol is a lot cheaper in sweden than over here so my family usually go there about 2 times a month . 
  really common for all people in norway that live close to the border to go over and buy food . 
  the selection of products is also a lot better, 
  faroese is a cool language . 
  like the middleway between norwegian and icelandic , been trying to read a bit of faroese newspapers just for fun and i 'm actually able to grasp quite a lot . 
  definitely a decent amout of similarities between my language and yours :p, 
  it 's pretty popular and many people do it during the summer . 
  80 % of the population here lives along the coast so most people grow up with the ocean nearby and swimming in the summer when the water is n't ice cold . 
  most people are able to swim , it 's an own subject in elementary school which helps i guess .
