  we 've had a few big cases here the past few years of children killing themselves due to bullying not being handled properly by schools . 
  it actually happened at my school some years back when i was in my final year of high school . 
  a kid comitted suicide in my very small town i grew up in and it became a huge case in the media and in one period it was almost daily on the news for a good while . 
  some schools have been criticized for not `` caring '' or dealing with the problem in a proper manner . 
  often the victim have to move to another school which is honestly quite shocking when it 's the offender that really should have to leave whatever school he is in . 
  i do however feel it 's been a bit blown out of proportion with some of these cases . 
  there is generally not that much bullying in norwegian schools but of course the few big cases that come up are often examples of extremeley bad handling by the schools . 
  middle-eastern/turkish people owning/working at a kebab place . 
  do n't think i 've ever walked into a kebab place and not seen a middle-eastern/turkish guy running the place . 
  do n't mind it at all though , as it 's freaking delicious . 
  yeah true , there it 's nothing wrong with oslo . 
  it has some things to see and do . 
  the thing is just why would you want to go there when you have sooo many other cities in europe that probably are a lot more enjoyable to visit . 
  i just do n't see the point . 
  a 2-3 night stay max is fine if you really want to go there but you should n't spend any more time than that . 
  got a few decent museums as you mentioned , the opera house is quite nice and holmenkollen can be cool to see if you want to experience some of the norwegian sport culture . 
  dunno , we 're not really about attractions but rather the nature and landscape which is amazing in it 's own right . 
  i guess i 'd say oslo as a whole , i 'd definitely spend as much time as possible experiencing the incredible scenery and spend as little time in the cities . 
  there are other countries in europe that have nicer cities . 
  bergen is pretty nice though , so if you want to see a city go there in addition to experiencing the nature . 
  you probably do n't want to spend more than a couple of days at max in oslo , it 's not really much to do . 
  yeah it 's probably the closest to us outside europe . 
  similar size in area and population + beautiful and similar nature like us . 
  skiing is also a thing there . 
  would n't mind going there one day, 
  canada or new zealand ( which is sort of weird when you think about it since it 's on the other side of the globe . 
  yeah it was very popular for about a month . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss, 
  i 've seen a few in certain particular threads but none seem to stick around . 
  it 's my grandpa 's hobby , he spends a ton of time researching and looking at our ancestors etc. 
  he knows a stupid amout and he has mapped out large parts of our family tree from the past 200-300 years . 
  he has contacted people from america who have came over to meet him . 
  funnily enough we 're related to a silver medal winner from the 1984 olympics who also came over here i believe . 
  he has also found out that we 're related to [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/johan_ross_the_elder ) and that my ancestors emigrated from scotland and to norway from the 17th to 18th century , hence why my middle name today is scottish . 
  it 's really interesting how much he knows and that i can ask him about almost anything related to ancestory/family history and he will know most of it . 
  this is mostly my mother 's side though , do n't know much about my father 's side apart from that i have danish ancestors on that side . 
  she is decent enough , will probably vote for her party in the election this year . 
  i more agree with the party 's general philosophy than she as a person but she is doing an alright job to be fair . 
  not disappointed . 
  however i quite liked our previous prime minister , jens stoltenberg . 
  even though i really do n't like his party he was a pretty good leading figure . 
  garmisch-partenkirchen is a nice small cozy town in the south of germany with very beautiful scenery . 
  probably my favorite city/town in germany . 
  you could perhaps spend a day in munich ( which is a nice city as well ) and then take the short trip down to garmisch and see the alps , you can even take a cable car to the top of the heighest mountain in germany there , zugzpitse , i did it some years back . 
  was really beautiful . 
  it 's not really that difficult getting there and it 's not far from where you are staying , in prague . 
  make sure to spend your entire 2 week stay in oslo . 
  it 's not like the rest of the country has much to offer anyways . 
  i do n't think a lot of people really know what much of nordic food is and what it tastes like . 
  nordic food is n't bad by any stretch of the imagination . 
  it 's just different , less varied and perhaps `` more boring '' compared to mediterranean cuisine for instance . 
  norwegian fish is known to be some of the best in the world , it 's transported worldwide because of the high demands and lots of the meat ( moose , reindeer , whale ) etc is all fantastic . 
  some of the traditional dishes we have are very tasty . 
  you just got to know what to expect . 
  when eating traditional nordic food do n't expect anything crazy advanced with a billion of different flavors . 
  the high quality ingredients and meat is the main thing in a lot of the dishes and if you go in and expect that when eating our food you will very much enjoy it . 
  i think it 's a misconception that nordic food is bad and not worth eating . 
  sure it might not be the most exciting food with all the different tastes but it 's really great at what it 's trying to achive . 
  reindeer meat for instance is my favorite meat but i doubt a lot of people outside the nordic has even ever eaten it . 
  it was a loooong time ago when we used to have colonies , so i ca n't say i `` miss '' them but i would n't mind having them back if i could . 
  iceland is a beautiful small country that has turned out to be successful so i 'm happy for them . 
  iceland was first settled by norwegians so we do share a lot of common heritage and history . 
  greenland do n't really feel that close as they 're quite different people so ca n't really say i miss them . 
  i still do love iceland and the faroe islands . 
  small and beautiful countries , i guess i sort of miss them even though i do n't have any real connections to the times they were actually our colonies . 
  yeah we got skaters like henning braaten who everyone knows in the norwegian skateboarding community but i doubt many people know him abroad . 
  i 'd say there is definitely a skateboarding scene in norway and it 's not uncommon seeing someone skating . 
  it was actually quite popular in the small town i grew up in . 
  many of my friends skateboarded and i did as well . 
  our county even invested in a new skateboarding park which was n't exactly cheap , that was after i quit though . 
  we have n't got much of a professional scene and not many famous skaters but there are quite a lot that skate just for fun from my experience . 
  at least it was like that some years back . 
  literature from the viking age is a pretty big deal in the `` norwegian '' subject at school . 
  i guess the oldest is like 1100 's and 1200 's edda , a lot of it written by snorri sturluson . 
  could be something earlier but that is the oldest i can remember . 
  no idea what he is saying but i like his music for some reason . 
  would be pretty cool understanding the lyrics . 
  they often use norwegian fish though :p, 
  since norway and sweden very much have a dialect continuum it can be easier for someone who lives close to the border to understand someone right on the other side of the border compared to understanding someone from a completley different side of his own country . 
  as someone who grew up close to sweden it was never needed learning the language , even though i sort of know it because it 's so similar , i just never speak it . 
  i can speak norwegian just fine in the towns just across the border . 
  i 've never had any problems understanding swedish and they understand me right over the border so it 's no need for it . 
  we have sas with the other scandinavian countries . 
  alright company but i prefer norwegian . 
  cheaper and never had a problem with them on domestic flights . 
  it 's sort of strange really . 
  we have the exact same word `` hygge '' and it means the exact same thing as in danish . 
  not a big deal here and yeah it 's just having a nice time with friends/family . 
  weird how other people look at it as a big deal, 
  only problem is getting china on board , which is more or less north korea 's only real relevant ally . 
  though their friendship has been a bit shaky the last few years . 
  if the un gets china on their side the un could actually start a invasion of the country and install a new government . 
  would probably be the best option for most parties . 
  my best friend growing up was a russian immigrant who came here when he was like 10 . 
  was considered crazy by most people and he sort of was but we shared a lot of interests . 
  there were some other russians in my area as well and what they all had in common was how gifted they were . 
  they were literally masters in everything from sports , to art ( painting ) to playing instruments ( especially piano ) . 
  my best friend learnt fluent norwegian in like 3 months , it was ridicolous . 
  after a year he was better than many native kids . 
  never seen someone be so good at so many different things .
