  it 's really a crime that it has to be like this . 
  this is totally normal in norway though . 
  in school i remember all the other parents were on the same age as my parents . 
  were even some a bit older . 
  holy shit people here were born to young parents . 
  mine was 34 and 35 . 
  other people no , but i do a little . 
  [ this song is really sick ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybwtaysu7mg ), 
  * if you include islands we have the 2nd longest coastline in the world , only beaten by canada . 
  * we actually have over twice as many lakes as finland , which funny when they 're `` the land of a thousand lakes '' and often believed to have many more than us . 
  * we have the most medals ( and gold medals for that matter ) in the winter olympics * edit : we 're also the only country to never have lost against brazil in football ( of countries that have actually played against them ) , we have 2 wins and 2 draws . 
  so there are 18.4 million pigs in total ? 
  that 's quite many, 
  so that is your password aswell ? 
  interesting ... :p, 
  educational/news : vox , geography now , tom scott , wendover productions , thoughty2 , cgp grey , the daily conversation , veritasium , vsauce , alltime10s , kurzgesagt , reallifelore , wonderwhy gaming : thorin , richard lewis , totalbiscuit football : copa90 , fulltimedevils , scoutnation other : brave wilderness , hydraulic press channel , exploring with josh , jokemock , nightscape, 
  yeah that 's true . 
  i actually meant to say the northernmost point of continental europe , as it can be accessed driving through an underwater tunnel . 
  the northernmost point of mainland europe is also in norway a little east i believe . 
  then you should have stated that , makes it a very different comparison . 
  and if you prefer cities i would n't go to neither . 
  finnish cities are n't overly interesting nor exciting . 
  i 'd probably just rather go to stockholm or copenhagen in that case if you want to go to a nordic city . 
  i 'd pick iceland . 
  i 've been to finland and while it is a nice country it is n't very exciting imo . 
  very flat for the most part , the cities are like in any other nordic country and i did n't feel like there was that much to see in general . 
  i 'd definitely pick iceland for the amazing scenery and landscape , you sort of get the feeling that you 're on another planet , finland is nice but it does n't feel special in any way and i do n't think it 's that exciting . 
  you 'll probably have a nice time in whatever country you choose but i 'd definitely go to iceland personally . 
  of course you pick a picture with bad lightning and weather . 
  dunno why you look at cities to begin with , iceland is all about the landscape , geography and nature . 
  amazing scenery , some of the most beautiful in the world . 
  that 's why it 's worth visiting , no one is going to iceland to visit reykjavik specifically . 
  erm ? 
  really ? 
  to me iceland looks like one of the most exciting countries you can visit in europe . 
  10km , only 12-14 min with bus usually . 
  thinking about going to liseberg this summer with some friends . 
  heard it 's quite a bit better than tusenfryd which is the best norwegian amusement park . 
  gon na be a good time hopefully, 
   i literally can reach oslo from madrid by car in less time ( 31 hours according google maps ) yeah , that 's pretty crazy . 
  down in europe it 's mostly flat and you can drive long distances in very short time on the many highways . 
  driving through norway takes so long because of the terrain and geography . 
  we have so many mountains and fjords etc so it takes a long time getting around . 
  there also are n't as many straight high speed roads . 
   i guess the trick is that distances are shorter through sweden . 
  yeah in some cases you can save some timing driving through sweden instead . 
  from the southernmost point to the northernmost point of norway through sweden is 30 hours compared to the 35-36 only through norway , so there is some time you can save , as sweden for the most part is very flat . 
  unfortunately for me though there are n't that many roads in northern sweden that go back into norway so my trip wo n't be any shorter through sweden , i actually drove that route last year . 
  however , if you 're going to the very north of norway then going through sweden is to be advised . 
  yeah , norway is a really long country and takes a long time driving through . 
  from the very south of norway to the northernmost point it takes about 35-36 hours in total if you only drive through norway , no joke . 
  about 2500km of driving . 
  through air norway is about 1750km from the south to the north . 
  we probably have the longest driving distances in europe alongside russia . 
  drive 20 hours to visit my family in a small town close to lofoten , northern norway . 
  stay there for two weeks , also thinking about driving up to the north cape ( northernmost point of mainland europe ) , which is another 12 hour drive from where i will be staying near lofoten . 
  also gon na to some trips with some friends , thinking about going down to gothenburg for a few days but other than that i 'll stay home . 
  nah , it 's an abbreviation of some latin word that means something completley different iirc . 
  for me : 3-4 meals ( breakfast : 08:00 ) , ( lunch : 12:00 ) , ( dinner : 16:30 -17:30 ) sometimes i eat at 22:00 as well dinner is the most important for sure , many people drop breakfast . 
  assume you mean from a fast food resturant ? 
  well , we do n't have many chains compared to other countries . 
  it can also be quite hard to get in a small town , i need to drive 35 min to the closest chain . 
  many people i know rarely eat at fast food resturants . 
  from my experience it 's usually younger people who eat there , i go to a kebab place every now and again . 
  resturants ? 
  very uncommon for a normal family from my experience . 
  my family pretty much never ever went to a resturant unless we were on holiday or out doing something . 
  if we were home we never went out to eat as it 's very expensive . 
  iced tea, 
  [ amanda kurtovic ] ( https://1.vgc.no/drpublish/images/article/2012/10/18/23119112/1/260x428/1391285.jpg ) is [ quite beautiful imo ] ( https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-oxpsz_we1d4/v7do5681fmi/aaaaaaaapv0/f-rozauvp9cddidrv7pz-7a3vjqcez2mqclcb/s1600/01.jpg ) to be fair the whole women 's national handball team is full of beautiful girls, 
  runescape helped me massively with my vocabulary during elementary school . 
  i 've also been on youtube since the beginning of the site which helped me understand english better when people speak it . 
  that + just a lot of english classes in school is what has made me decent, 
  facebook is by far the most popular , followed by instagram and snapchat . 
  facebook is used by everyone , instagram and snapchat usually by younger people ( below 30 ) . 
  twitter is n't that popular here for some reason . 
  mats zuccarello , edvald boasson hagen , david de gea , ander herrera , marcus rashford , flusha ( if he counts , swedish cs : go player ), 
  what about oskar ? 
  it 's mandatory from year 1-11 so it 's pretty damn important to learn the language . 
  as shown in the [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsjyra7cyqy&amp;feature=youtu.be ) you linked they 're very popular here . 
  close to 40 % of new cars that are sold is an electric . 
  i see teslas all the time and i live in a rural area . 
  it 's quite common to own one . 
  we were taught that many jews escaped to sweden and most did n't end up in trouble , however some were sent to concentration camps in europe during the ww2 . 
  my class also made a trip to the `` holocaust centre '' in oslo . 
  it was vidkun quisling 's residence during the ww2 and its now a museum showcasing mainly how the war affected jews and norway iirc . 
  we also attended a lecture held by some expert who knew everything about the nazi 's in norway and europe . 
  in comment sections on online newspapers you would think we are a 3rd world country riddled with war and terror . 
  lots of people whine a lot , which i guess is how its like in every country . 
  we do n't mind whining about our own country , but no others can do it lol . 
  some people should be a lot more appreciative of what they have imo . 
  asian immigrants are usually the most well respected ones , at least in my country . 
  pretty good . 
  i get 100 % in tests where you 're supposed to list all the countries in the world . 
  know the location of most as well , just struggle with the exact positions of all the different island countries in the pacific and caribbean . 
  know all the names and positions of the states in the us as well . 
  just quite interested in geography and the world in general . 
  a few years back i used to do those quizzes all the time to remember countries/capitals so i got decent at it . 
  not done it in a while now but i still have pretty good geography knowledge . 
  i still spend a lot of time just surfing around on google maps though,
