  only experienced a few times where i 've had free refills in europe . 
  hate being on a resturant and receiving the already overpriced drink 20 minutes before the food , just to find out i 've emptied the glass before i get the food and then i 'll have to buy another one while i eat that is just as overpriced . 
  ah gives a better picture of it , i mean i can understand why you 've chosen that path in the us . 
  you have a ton of national parks and they 're some of the most visited in the world . 
  they need money to pay maintenance costs . 
  i 'm just saying i would n't want it to be like that here and i do n't really see why a german guy would want that either . 
  the freedom to roam is very important to me and many nordic people when it comes to being in the nature , guess americans do n't feel that exact way . 
  it 's not like it 's not worth it or anything . 
  i would pay the price if i had to here as well . 
  still , it 's more the principle . 
  the beautiful untouched wilderness should be for the people of the country , and should therefore be free . 
  having to pay to see the beauty of my own country is absurd imo . 
  if this was implemented here it would probably start a civil war . 
  [ i 'm also not sure if i understood this website right ] ( https://www.nps.gov/planyourvisit/passes.htm ) , but here they charge $ 80 for an annual pass . 
  if that is true it is quite substantial, 
  you like to pay in order to visit national parks ? 
  that seems awful to me . 
  i never see stands but kebab restaurants ( if you can call them that ) are common , usually one or more in every decently sized town . 
  i do n't find 25-30 degrees comfortable either but i do fine with just having a fan next to me . 
  flour tortillas are very popular , but also more tex-mex style is eaten . 
  it 's a bit different from proper mexican taco but it 's still very good . 
  not common as it rarely gets above 30 degrees celsius . 
  yeah very , may as well be our national dish . 
  we have what we call `` tacofredag '' , meaning `` taco friday '' . 
  like pretty much the entire country eat tacos every friday . 
  norwegian that does n't like taco ? 
  not a norwegian then :p, 
  living in the viking age would be interesting . 
  exploring far away land that had never before been touched by humans . 
  arctic monkeys, 
  wikipedia top 10 from 2015 1 . 
  germany 2 . 
  sweden 3 . 
  united kingdom 5 . 
  netherlands 6 . 
  france 8 . 
  china 9 . 
  spain 10 . 
  italy tourists from germany and the netherlands are infamous for their camper vans , driving around the whole country . 
  in general though there are tourists from all kind of countries everywhere . 
  somewhat popular . 
  it 's sort of in the middle , everyone knows what it is and many have played it at one point for fun . 
  it is also broadcasted on tv by the biggest sports provider . 
  the success of mats zuccarello in the nhl has helped the sport grow massively , he has become a big figure in norwegian sport and is regarded as one of our top athletes . 
  do n't really know the prices , as we do n't have kfc here . 
  only times i 've eaten it is a couple of times abroad . 
  what is the price of a regular meal ? 
  in video games ? 
  extremeley toxic behavior and always angry at you for some reason in real life ? 
  mostly good experiences , both with kebab shop employees and turks in turkey . 
  some are a bit annoying with trying to sell you stuff all the time but i found most ordinary people i met nice . 
  i went there as a kid several times and they all tried convincing me into supporting their football team , was pretty cool i guess . 
  one guy bought me a fenerbahce scarf and some other fenerbahce youth scout gave me his cap . 
  think you might wan na look up the phrase `` whatever you say '' because that is not what it means . 
  ok then , whatever you say, 
  that 's not a very good comparison bud, 
  austrian guy sort of got it . 
  we 're rich and people do n't believe we would benefit much by giving away tons to poorer countries . 
  people also do n't like the idea of giving away power to brussles which most people feel wo n't represent us in a good way . 
  there are also certain economic reasons , joining the eu would more or less give up our fishing rights and let other countries fish within our eez . 
  the public is also just in general strongly against joining so even though some of our politicans want us to join we probably wo n't any time soon . 
  it 's decent . 
  i live in inland norway so we have warmer summers and colder winters than the country average . 
  +25 celsius in the summer is for me a little too hot . 
  i prefer around the 17-22 celsius mark . 
  close to 30 and i 'm staying inside . 
  the winters have been really shit the past 4-5 years though , mostly around -5 to -10 celsius and very little snow . 
  we used to get consistent -30 and plenty of snow in my area years back . 
  i 'd like more snow and proper winters again , i abseloutley hate having no snow in christmas which has been the case for the past winters now . 
  we do get very little rain here as we 're protected by the mountains in the west which is brilliant , do n't like rain and we get it rarely . 
  climate is fine for the most part , i appreciate having 4 distinct seasons . 
  i know its sort of nasty but it honestly tastes pretty damn good , probably made in some dodgy way but idc it 's good shit, 
  kfc is pretty good imo :(, 
  none as we 're not in it . 
  what about escaping basement drill ? 
  have n't heard of this project before but as long as it does n't fuck up the ecosystem in any way it seems like a good idea . 
  i like wild animals and i 'd like to see them reintroduced to areas they previously habited . 
  i 'd like there to be more bears and lynxes , and even potentially more wolves than there currently are in norway . 
  you should be teaching your kids both , the fact that you do n't even learn about america or india is just absurd considering the impact those colonies had , not just then but also in the developing of those countries after their independence . 
  what is even taught if british america is n't considered important ? 
  because that is a massive part of history in general the last 350-400 years , not just british history . 
  i find this very strange . 
  it is a bit shameful , i think all people should know the dark pasts of their own country . 
  the brits did a hell of a lot of shady stuff in their colonies . 
  cecil rhodes and the `` white man 's burden '' is something every brit should know about imo . 
  that 's strange . 
  we were taught a ton about the british empire and colonies . 
  cecil rhodes and the `` white man 's burden '' . 
  it 's a pretty important part of the history subject here , i remember most from it . 
  yeah i agree . 
  o'boy is the real deal and the only type i 'd probably ever drink , nesquick is somewhat popular as well but o'boy is much better imo, 
  what about boniek ? 
  yeah , they have their own branded cheez doodles that 's pretty decent, 
  lsk ostepop is good shit, 
  yeah that 's a big reason to why . 
  the government is strongly encouraging people to buy electric cars with all these benefits . 
  tax reduction , free parking , no toll etc. 
  it 's good that you get benefits for buying an electric car that helps save the environment but its still stupid as hell how we have to pay 2-3 times as much for the exact same car as you would for it in the us or sweden when its not an electric . 
  expensive and heavy taxation in areas which should n't be taxated or at least to a lesser degree . 
  buying a car here for instance is just sooo much more expensive than it should be because of the taxation .
