  so this name is quite rare in norway , much more common in scotland . 
  about 260 people share my last name , quite a few from my family but not all . 
  think some other families have that name as well . 
  still quite a rare last name though . 
  exclusive to norway as well as it contains special norwegian letters . 
  my mother 's last name is quite common though , held by 10.000 people , including some celebrities . 
  was n't the death toll higher ? 
  most sources say 1/2 of the population died and some even as high as 2/3, 
  honestly not much . 
  if you go to certain regions with a stronger regional bond they 'll probably get pissed off by a lot of things . 
  i come from a region with no real distinct `` regional feeling '' so i wo n't get triggered by that much . 
  i guess if someone would believe we 're a part of denmark or sweden that would trigger me a bit . 
  but that would also require some imense stupidity i hardly think is possible . 
  foreigners saying our traditional food is bad is pretty annoying , which is something many foreigners also seem to believe . 
  it 's just not as excting as food in other countries but a lot of it is still very good . 
  well compared to norwegian standards they were pretty fucking good . 
  beating brazil in the 1998 world cup and advancing to the play offs , pretty big stuff for the norwegian national team . 
  obviously they were never one of the best teams in the world like the fifa rankings suggested with us being in 2nd place but they were quite good . 
  especially compared to what we 're used to . 
   i 've never even heard of a case of incest happening in iceland . 
  well i 'm pretty sure you ai n't telling everybody if you 're fucking your sister , just sayin :d, 
  not sure if he put it the best way . 
  it is just not that talked about of an issue . 
  afaik i 've never met a transgender and i think that goes for most people . 
  however you 'll probably get support if you chose that path , i remember months back i saw on the news some kids in their early teens being transgenders and doing surgery etc. 
  think they got a lot of support and there probably wo n't be anything in your way if you want to change your gender . 
  coast in general has been mild all across norway for a good while . 
  do n't really see why you specifically mention the east . 
  bergen and oslo is pretty similar in the winter , both pretty mild . 
  inland east is still in the east and it gets really cold there though, 
  that was my thought as well, 
  from a militaristic pov probably usa but im sorta sceptical if they even care now with trump in charge . 
  only in the summer . 
  inland east is one of the coldest parts of norway in the winter . 
  and probably colder than the west . 
  in the summer or winter ? 
  because in the winter inland east is literally one of the coldest parts of the country . 
  and the coast is more or less the same in east and west , neither very cold . 
  pretty damn uncommon , know a couple of people that have one though . 
  only really able to use it for a few months a year so most people do n't have one . 
  i 'd say outside hot tubs/jacuzzis are more common , sitting in them outside in -20 celsius is pretty cool, 
  bhutan 's flag has always interested me with the dragon . 
  slovakia 's flag is also quite nice imo, 
  i just remember that slovakia 's flag has a cross on it and slovenia 's mountains and rivers . 
  [ we have a ton of national parks , 44 to be precise ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_national_parks_of_norway ) . 
  they cover a little under 40.000 square km , about 10 % of our total area so they 're quite common here . 
  all of them are beautiful but these are among the nicest ones imo . 
  we hardly ever speak english to each other . 
  that answer from him was n't very representative of the general population . 
  we speak our own language most of the time and if you speak with someone who ca n't understand the other language you may switch to english , however that is relatively rare . 
  in border areas english is pretty much never used . 
  yeah true . 
  i live in a municipality bordering sweden , with western varmland and i often go across the border for shopping . 
  the swedes i meet all speak very easy to understand swedish , not that it 's hard for me to grasp other dialects but someone from western varmland is especially easy to understand . 
  they also seem to understand norwegian a lot better than regular swedes , whom often struggle with understanding us . 
  the dialect continuum in norway and sweden is very interesting and its not hard to notice its presence if you spend some time on both sides of the border . 
  i had very few restrictions throughout my whole childhood . 
  i was pretty much just left to do what i wanted when i figuered out how to do a certain thing . 
  i grew up in a small village , like 2.5 k pop and when i was 8 my parents did n't really stop me from going anywhere , i could just bike to my friends several km away at that age , often even without asking . 
  i also just joined friends to their home after school at like 8-9 without saying anything . 
  they always knew i would come home so they were never worried really . 
  my parents were usually just happy i was outside the house socializing rather than being home on the computer ( which i did spend a fair bit of time doing ) . 
  ca n't really think of many restrictions or age where my parents gave me considerable more trust . 
  they mostly gave me trust when i felt for it . 
  only thing i can really think of is alcohol to the age of 18 , but they did let me drink a little before . 
  that never bothered me though as i hardly drink anything now . 
  also high school in norway gives students a lot of trust . 
  we could go where ever we wanted in breaks etc. 
  usually when our teacher was absent we did n't get a substitute teacher so we just got tasks online and we were expected to do them . 
  i think it 's [ hardangervidda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hardangervidda ) , the largest plateau in europe . 
  it 's also a national park so i do n't think anyone lives there permanently . 
  it 's a 3,422 km2 of just nature . 
  here are some pics of how it looks , [ 1 ] ( http://www.miljodirektoratet.no/filecache/global/bilder/temabilder/verneomr%c3%a5der/hardangervidda_verneomrader.jpg/width_680.height_330.mode_max.anchor_middlecenter.jpg ) , [ 2 ] ( http://www.nasjonaleturistveger.no/no/turistvegene/_image/706376/label/extra-large.jpeg?_encoded=2f66666666666678302f3030312f3b2938343032286874646977656c616373&amp;_ts=14931f6b460 ) . 
  there are small towns outside of the national parks but i 'd say it 's fairly remote and there are no big cities nearby . 
  the tiny settlement of [ fj\u00e6rland ] ( https://static1.squarespace.com/static/582063b49f7456e5fe3c83de/589c25f0197aea56d58f3be3/589c25f1f5e2314b2312a08f/1486631151152/shutterstock_266989451.jpg?format=2500w ) is also somewhat remote , however i 'd call it more isolated . 
  i have some family there and it feels pretty remote when you 're there , there are other towns though not too far away but with the surroundings it feels quite remote . 
  there are other places in norway though which are extremeley remote , that i have n't been to . 
  [ svalbard ] ( https://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/svalbard ) for instance is very remote , i guess the most remote place in europe . 
  [ bouvet island ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bouvet_island ) is literally the most remote island in the world , though it 's on the other side of the globe . 
  meh , you 'll find some resturants in the bigger cities i guess but there are n't that many indian immigrants here so i do n't feel their cuisine has really made a big mark here . 
  thai and southeast asian food is bigger from what i 've experienced , at least in my area . 
  many more se asian immigrants versus indians is probably a big factor to that . 
  the martian - aksel hennie ca n't think of too many american movies with norwegian actors , the martian is honestly the only one i can think of and it was pretty decent . 
  hennie did n't exactly have the biggest role in that film though . 
  for more specialized stores or just my daily commute ? 
  first of all i do n't have my own car , as i still live with my parents and i 'm young , only 18 . 
  public transport is really good in europe and even in rural areas like where i live busses go in and out of the town every 30-60 min . 
  i 'm no longer in school but when i was i just took a 15 min bus to the town next to me where the closest high school is located . 
  when i need to drive somewhere i just borrow my parents car . 
  only a 35 min drive to the closest city , with like 15k population they have most specialized stores of whatever you need . 
  ca n't really properly answer the question though as i do n't do anything atm, 
  i live in a really small town , like 2,5 k population . 
  guess the worst thing is just that there is n't really a lot to do . 
  there are only two resturants in the whole town and a lack of other stores in general . 
  i have to drive a bit to find more specialized stores . 
  not sure if i would have liked to be raised in a city . 
  i was raised in a tiny town and that was fine tbh, 
  do people really ask that though ? 
  i ca n't imagine a tourist coming here and doing that little research beforehand that they believe all the beautiful fjords are located right next to oslo . 
  that is a good one actually .
