  we drove from oslo in norway to stockholm , took the ferry to helsinki where we stayed for a day . 
  then we took a day trip to tallinn in estonia and back again to helsinki . 
  after that we drove all the way up finland and to northern norway and back home again . 
  all of these driving trips added many countries to my `` countries visited list '' but we also visited turkey 4-5 times by plane when i was younger and croatia/spain aswell . 
  we often end up going to 1 or more countries every year , even been to a few outside europe . 
  i think if you just have a family that are very into travelling and seeing new places then you will end up visiting a ton yourself . 
  it 's great really !, 
  depends on the time you have to your disposal . 
  i had 10 days available for holiday three or so years ago and decided to spend it all in spain visiting a couple of different parts of the country . 
  adding portugal into the mix would give less amout of time to see certain things in spain . 
  if you have 2-3 weeks on your hand , sure go to both but if you have less time you might aswell spend it in one country and visit that in depth . 
  considering i 'm still only 18 i 'm fairly happy with this so far * norway * sweden * finland * denmark * estonia * germany * austria * switzerland * liechtenstein * luxembourg * france * spain * united kingdom ( england ) * croatia * turkey my favorite : i really like travelling in my own country , so much beautiful to see here but if i 'd had to pick another one i 'd probably say croatia and france are my favorites . 
  least favorite : all countries i 've visited in europe were nice , if i had to pick a least favorite it would probably be germany but i felt i 've not seen too much of the country and i was sort of unlucky when i did . 
  the weather was bad etc. 
  bavaria was beautiful though , dunno the other parts of germany just felt a bit cold , not in the climatic way but just when walking around etc. 
  it was still far from bad though , i 'd probably go back if i had the opportunity . 
  westerners are more spoiled and have higher expectations to their govnerment . 
  when someone in northern/western europe says their govnerment is corrupt and bad it 's still much better than most other places on earth . 
  yeah , well do n't they own a couple of buildings in rome or something ? 
  could ask for a claim on that, 
  yeah , they 've actually got a pretty sizeable population but i never hear from people from belarus on the news or on the internet . 
  seems like such a mysterious country . 
  would have been interesting with some input from someone living there . 
  guess our two eu referendums in 1972 and 1994 , as known we voted no both times . 
  tjuvholmen has to be the most typical `` wealthy area '' . 
  think it 's the most expensive place you can buy an apartment . 
  pretty sick location aswell . 
  well i 'd obviously prefer neither if i could but if i had to pick one it would be denmark . 
  yeah combination of english fluency and economy . 
  the abseloute majority of people here can afford to buy a computer and when they have good english aswell chances are good they 'll stick to it, 
  would n't even be all that bad . 
  do n't mind them as a country . 
  also would n't really be a language issue seeing as the two written languages are pretty much identical . 
  was n't exactly great in their union last time out but probably would be fine if it were to happen now . 
  we have that exact thing aswell . 
  norway and denmark too damn similar !, 
  nah not really . 
  the whole nordic region has a lot of users here and internet users in general compared to how few people actually live here . 
  also generally feel we get a lot of attention compared to our population . 
  exactly what i was looking for , shows the difference between the two, 
  do a `` nationalism vs patriotism '' google search , pretty much all of them say the same . 
  patriotism means that you support your country 's best interests while nationalism is a form of extremism where you blindly and irrationality dedicate yourself to your country and the things that it does . 
  in this post by using the term `` nationalists '' its refering to the more radical people who set higher standards for someone that wants to become a citizen of a country . 
  seems like a lot of people think of it this way , remember this was how i was taught back in school aswell . 
  i prefer george orwell 's look at it `` by ` nationalism ' i mean first of all the habit of assuming that human beings can be classified like insects and that whole blocks of millions or tens of millions of people can be confidently labelled ` good ' or ` bad ' . 
  but secondly -- and this is much more important -- i mean the habit of identifying oneself with a single nation or other unit , placing it beyond good and evil and recognising no other duty than that of advancing its interests . 
  nationalism is not to be confused with patriotism . 
  both words are normally used in so vague a way that any definition is liable to be challenged , but one must draw a distinction between them , since two different and even opposing ideas are involved . 
  by ` patriotism ' i mean devotion to a particular place and a particular way of life , which one believes to be the best in the world but has no wish to force on other people . 
  patriotism is of its nature defensive , both militarily and culturally . 
  nationalism , on the other hand , is inseparable from the desire for power . 
  the abiding purpose of every nationalist is to secure more power and more prestige , not for himself but for the nation or other unit in which he has chosen to sink his own individuality '' you 're right in that there is a range of how nationalistic you can be . 
  but if you 're a the lower end of the scale you 're more likely to be patriotic . 
  in this instance in this post we 're talking about nationalists as more the radical bunch who set higher standards for becoming a citizen of a country . 
  when we are talking about the majority of people in countries in europe today who have a national feeling but not in a nationalistic way i think it 's fair to label them as patriots instead . 
  oh ye actually we did go around the tree in elementary school , true . 
  never done it in private on christmas eve though . 
  i 've never once in my life walked around the tree that so guess it depends on your region and traditions . 
  we usually just have it in the corner and sit around in the room talking while opening the presents etc. 
  you 're thinking about patriots . 
  two different things . 
  nationalists are usually very hardcore people who believe everything in their country is better because it 's from their country . 
  many people in europe are patriots , me included . 
  i have a national feeling and like my country but i still believe we 're not that good in many areas and i do n't mind criticizing my country . 
  very common . 
  live in a small town in rural norway , surrounded by large forests for miles in every direction . 
  moose is the most common thing to hunt , also a lot of discussion at the moment regarding if hunting wolves should be legal or not . 
  currently legal but very strictly controlled , can only shoot a certain number . 
  lot of people here own guns and go hunting regulary , you do n't really want to go venturing in the woods when it 's going on . 
  very well summed up . 
  totally agree , we need to act more independent on the global stage . 
  tired of seeing us sucking off the us . 
  yes , the us is a very close ally to us . 
  if i like it ? 
  both yes and no , i would prefer if we were a lot more independent . 
  we make so many decisions on the behalf of the us and what they want and i do n't want us to turn into their little puppet state , because that 's kinda how we are with them politically . 
  like the case with edward snowden for example , he wanted to come here but we did n't even answer if he would get arrested and sent to the us or not if he came here . 
  things like these irritate me , i would like us to just take decisions like these by ourselves and not always think about what the us will think . 
  our close relations with the us has also damaged our relations with russia , used to get a long with them a lot better . 
  the last few years it 's almost been a small cold war between russia and the nordic countries . 
  i 'd like us to have decent relations with russia aswell , i honestly think that 's more important when you look at our geography with the us versus russia, 
  have n't been skiing outside of norway , we got a cabin in geilo ( a large and famous resort ) and it 's pretty good , obviously go there most of the time because we got free housing there . 
  not been to many other places in general but geilo is definitely very good . 
  would n't say there is a really clear and set picture of him here . 
  we were on the side of the french during napoleon 's time as emperor so i guess he is mainly just seen as a big and great leader , would say most people just look at him as a great person in history . 
  there is also a quite famous cake named after him which i guess somewhat makes his reputation a little better :p, 
  if eu federalizes hopefully norway , iceland and switzerland can then merge into one country of incredible landscape and nature :d, 
  after roaming around in dayz i must say you have a lot of forests :p, 
  have n't been there but iceland looks stunning from countries i 've actually visited croatia is probably the most beautiful . 
  switzerland was nice aswell but i do n't remember much from that trip seeing as i sat in a car the whole way mostly sleeping . 
  winter cottages/cabins are pretty common . 
  guess they 're used a bit in the summer aswell but they 're mainly used in the winter . 
  people usually have one in a mountainous area where they go in the winter to go skiing . 
  some people have specific summer cabins along the coast aswell . 
  i live close to sweden and here some people have cabins in sweden that they go to in the holidays but these are less common . 
  they 're usually just owned by families of 4-5 that have decent ecomony . 
  it 's very expensive buying cabins here , some cost as much as normal houses . 
  my family kind of has one , my mother grew up in a small ski town . 
  and that side of the family still have the house but no one currently lives there . 
  we all just use it together as a cabin that we go to in the winter holiday ( s ) .
