  other families go to spain and others to greece etc. 
  ye but france and germany are n't that different countries when you take into account the whole of europe . 
  norwegian schools are very laid-back and very impolite . 
  no other teacher i ever had did any kind of standing up and greeting . 
  dunno , just comes across to me as a very german thing . 
  the teacher said it was normal to do in germany , at least the part he was from which was thuringen i do believe . 
  it 's very formal compared to how we usually do it at least . 
   high school, 
  this is sooo german hahahah . 
  we had one german history teacher in high school and he was the only teacher who did this . 
  was a bit annoying having to do this every lesson with him hahah, 
  yeah i know , that 's the great benefit i guess but it 's not like you really spend a lot of time travelling compared to being home . 
  apart from sweden i mabye leave my country 1-2 weeks a year maximum . 
  while it 's nice that i get good value from my money when travelling it does n't matter an awful lot in the long run . 
  the abseloute majority of money i spend , i spend at home . 
  probably just 1814 as a year , definitely the most important in norwegian history we finally got out of the over 400 year old union with denmark . 
  got our own constitution and became somewhat independent . 
  still had to go into a new union with sweden but we remained with a lot of selv-governing control . 
  the day the constitution was signed , 17th may , is also now the official national day and had a 200 year anniversary just a couple of years ago . 
  there are several purposes . 
  we have taxes on co2 emission as you said , weight of the veichle , how powerful the engine is etc. 
  they say it is to save the environment but in reality its just to make more money . 
  the politicans do n't give a shit about the environment and just use it as excuses to steal our money . 
  the paradox is that since we have these high taxes on buying cars people generally go for cheaper and older cars and stick with them for longer . 
  this means that the average age of cars in norway is 10 years while the average in the eu is on about 8 . 
  because of this the old ass shitty cars we sit around driving pollute much more than the new better cars that are coming out each year with enhanced emission technology . 
  the politicans are claiming they 're putting heavy taxes on cars to save the environment when in reality they 're making it worse . 
  it 's ridiculous, 
  i 'm obviously biased and i 've travelled a lot in my own country so i 've seen the most beautiful areas of norway and it 's the most beautiful country in europe i 've been to yet . 
  the fjords of the west and the incredible lofoten islands . 
  every part of the country is beautiful in different ways . 
  if i 'm going to pick something outside my own country i 'd mabye say southern bavaria . 
  visited garmisch-partenkirchen a few years ago and that area was really beautiful , view on top of zugspitze was incredible . 
  i mostly sat in a car sleeping through switzerland but it was nice aswell from what i rememeber and saw . 
  the northern coastline of croatia was really nice aswell with all the islands . 
  taxes are too high on things imported . 
  i understand why the taxes of what we earn are high but we pay waaay too high taxes for things we buy . 
  cars for instance . 
  a $ 30.000 car in the us or uk can easily be double the price here . 
  certain cars can be even triple . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  it almost defeats the purpose of us having good wages when everything is twice more expensive here than in other places . 
  we had one until 2012 but it 's still very much integrated into the constitution and it still has decent amout of power . 
  they 're now seperate but they still get insanely much money from the state every year . 
  believe they get something like $ 35 mill every year which is ridiculous . 
  in my opinion they should get next to nothing . 
  in the last parliamentary election in 2013 i believe the turnout was 78 % which is fairly decent i guess . 
  could be better , could be worse . 
  in the last eu referendum in 1994 the turnout was 89 % which is really good . 
  holland - would n't say its that common , most people say `` nederland '' . 
  i do n't hear `` holland '' that often and if i do it 's usually older people that say it england - very common , `` uk '' in norwegian is `` storbritannia '' which does n't roll off the tongue too easily in daily speech . 
  the individual country names are almost always used yankees - never heard anyone here say that before . 
  i might be biased but feel like sweden is n't any `` better '' compared to the rest of the nordics . 
  all of the countries in the region got attractive females and they 're pretty much the same . 
  reason to why sweden 's reputation is so good when it comes to females is mainly down to the fact that they got many famous celebrities compared to the rest of the nordics so their reputation is better than ours . 
  in realitiy their pretty much all as attractive as each other . 
  obvious pick for us would be russia and we would destroy sweden and finland with their strength . 
  would be pretty one sided . 
  i really enjoy having 4 distinct and very different seasons . 
  would hate living in a place where you put on basically the same clothes the whole year and experience little change in weather and climate . 
  i 'd like more snow tbh in the winter , been pretty dire the last 3-4 years . 
  large parts of the country have n't even had snow on christmas eve and for me christmas is n't proper christmas without cold and a lot of snow . 
  that 's the only change i 'd make . 
  even though 20-30 celsius can suck at times i enjoy being able to look forward to going inside and getting warm again . 
  i do n't mind our weather at all and would n't change anything else than more snow around christmas . 
  [ battle of stamford bridge in 1066 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_stamford_bridge ) does n't exactly make me angry but would have been super interesting to see what would have happened if we won that battle and conquered england . 
  [ this accent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuejrsmrx0c ) from northern ireland is pretty funny to be honest :p, 
  totally depends what you 're into and looking for nightlife : amsterdam , prague , budapest cultural/historical : rome , florence , paris , vienna nature : munich/garmisch , bergen etc, 
  manual has been the leading transmission since cars first came out but the last few years i feel like automatic transmission is starting to take over . 
  most new cars that are produced are automatic and they 're currently quite popular to own . 
  mostly older cars have manual and they are still popular of course , especially around the young and old generation . 
  but it 's not like it 's rare to run into people driving automatic , probably a big percentage of people drive it . 
  many people that are stuck in queues and have a long way to work usually buy and drive automatic cars from my experience . 
  `` good bye , lenin '' is n't that good of a movie imo . 
  seen `` die welle '' though and it was pretty good , i liked it . 
  sweden : most things are cheap , well compared to norwegian prices at least . 
  people are nice and attractive finland : peaceful and nice neighbours . 
  they just are there as good buddies . 
  never anything bad to hear from them russia : had some russian friends growing up , seem really cold and mystic when you do n't know them but once you get to know them and they know you russian people are great . 
  it usually takes a bit for them to trust you though . 
  do n't particularly like much about their govnerment though, 
  pretty much every part of the country is stunning in one way or another . 
  as you said it 's a toss up between northern norway and western for which one is the finest . 
  both incredibly beautiful , ca n't choose myself . 
  southern and some parts of eastern norway are n't too bad either . 
  every region here is nice imo, 
  explains the big number of danes infesting our slopes in the winter , uuugh :d, 
  yeah . 
  hunting is pretty common in certain parts of the country . 
  especially where i live in the south east and also in some parts up north where i have family . 
  my cousin-in-law does some hunting with a rifle in northern norway and when i visited that part of the country a few years ago i got to try it out , just shot some bullets in the forest behind my grandma 's house . 
  was pretty fun, 
  well i 'm not an expert on death and murder but i 'm pretty sure you usually die right away when being hanged , often within seconds . 
  being choked to death would be a longer process and would be conciderably worse i would imagine . 
  that 's not really a similar comparison . 
  pretty sure being hanged is a far better way of being killed than the other two . 
  my family have always loved travelling and especially my father is/was obsessed with long driving trips . 
  when i was 10-11 he took me on a driving trip from where we live in south eastern norway through sweden , denmark , germany and then through the alps visiting austria , liechtenstein and switzerland and then to our final destination in a little city outside montpellier in france . 
  this put a lot of new countries on the map for me but i do n't remember them all that well today . 
  a few years later we did a long driving trip in the nordic countries .
