  their families always seemed kind of crazy and over protective . 
  the kids had to get really good grades in school and their parents signed their kids up for a ton of activities . 
  my good friend was at one point playing tennis , football , piano , painting pictures and skateboarding in his free time . 
  their parents were really determined for their kids to succeed . 
  bathroom, 
  * the military is quite decent but very small in terms of size , which is expected as our population is low . 
  we have relatively advanced and good equipment/vehicles . 
  our special forces are top notch , considered some of the best in the world at what they do . 
  we still have a problem with a lot of fighter jets , submarines , frigates etc not being operative depspite having them . 
  we have a lot less soldiers now than we used to , which is a problem . 
  sure we can have all the fancy equipment we want but we need people that can use it . 
  even though we have conscription way too few people are drafted in every year and even people that want to join are often rejected , which is a joke . 
  * yeah , quite a lot of people still go to the military , as we still officially have conscription . 
  most people only go for a year in their conscription period , not that many become full time professional soldiers . 
  but the people that joined via conscription mostly go to have a break from regular studies and do something else . 
  you also get to do some cool stuff you wont be able to to elsewhere . 
  i 'll be going next year actually just for having a break from studies * i believe we spend something like 1.5 % of our gdp which is a bit under nato 's recommendation but we do have some of the highest military expenditure per capita in the world so i guess we spend more or less enough . 
  we 're a small country by population with high gdp so 1.5 % is n't that low . 
  we 've allocated more money towards buying new fighter jets the next 20 or so years so it looks to be good . 
  * if we were to be directly involved in a war it would 100 % be with russia in the far north . 
  we will in no way shape or form be able to stop russia single handedly but i would trust them to at least be able to delay for long enough for nato support to arrive . 
  the question is n't if we 're able to beat them but rather how long we can hold them back ourselves until support comes in . 
  i trust them to at least hold back half of the country before support comes in . 
  oslo - arrogant people believing they live in the center of the universe and not giving a fuck about anyone else south east - white trash/rednecks eastern inland - slow peasants southern norway - christian and basically danes south west - rich oil fuckers bergen - irritating people with a stupid accent , also constantly living in rain north of bergen ( sunnm\u00f8re ) - very frugal central norway ( tr\u00f8ndelag ) - arrogant people with the most successful football team everybody hates . 
  also drinks a lot , especially moonshine lofoten - fishermen and beautiful landscape up north - very few people live there and the ones that do are rednecks that live pretty much without laws . 
  also shitty weather and reaaallly fucking cold in the winter, 
  only two fluently , norwegian and english + basic german however i understand pretty much 95 % swedish and i can speak a sort of mixture between norwegian and swedish , mostly swedish words with a norwegian accent . 
  not that i ever do it but i can if i want to . 
  i could probably learn fluent swedish in a few months if i really wanted . 
  i studied german for 2 years and can hold basic conversations . 
  i also understand danish writing as it 's almost identical to norwegian bokm\u00e5l writing . 
  italian sounds cool, 
  `` only '' 10 hours from helsinki to tokyo , not too bad compared to 16 hours from vienna . 
  i flew with finnair to japan and with japan airlines home . 
  do n't remember the price exactly but think it was something like $ 500-550 combined . 
  not very common i believe . 
  snus has pretty much taken over and is much more widely used . 
  [ it 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipp37uz8vus ) pretty decent imo . 
  catchy lyrics and sort of a tune people will remember . 
  wo n't win but it 's a good entry imo , better than in previous years . 
  do n't know too much about my country but my family have some ancestory from scotland back in the 1700 's and prior . 
  they came from the [ clan ross ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clan_ross ) and i 've been told some of them came over here and that 's how we became related . 
  what 's interesting is that `` ross '' is my middle name so it still has some influence to this day . 
  what about bandiaterra ? 
  well we have a lot of poles here to begin with so you wo n't be alone . 
  but of course because of our high salaries we do have some of the highest cost of living in the world . 
  most people pay well over $ 1.000 in taxes every month which is more than a lot of salaries alone in many eastern european countries . 
  uhm what ? 
  not join, 
  gross average per month is $ 4720, 
  europe , maybe more , norway less . 
  we take in too many compared to our size , we should take in less and the bigger countries take more . 
  but i think in general the best way of solving the crisis is spending more money in the region where the actual refugees come from and not take all of them here . 
  it costs insanely much to take people to europe versus using the money where the people are located to begin with . 
  you can simply save a lot more people by spending the money in those areas , such as syria . 
  nba - i think some games are shown on the biggest subscription based sports tv channel but it 's pretty much non-existent in general . 
  basketball is played a bit during pe in school but it 's not a big sport here and `` no one '' watches it . 
  nfl - super bowl is shown and i 've experienced a general growth towards people liking the sport . 
  5 years ago pretty much no one i knew watched or knew anything about the sport , now the interest is a little bigger but it 's still very small and no games apart from super bowl are shown . 
  mlb - non-existent but baseball as a sport is sometimes played during pe in school in a simpler format . 
  nhl - not very big but still definitely the biggest of the four in norway . 
  you actually see the papers writing about it from time to time because of zuccarello , highlights of his games are also often shown in sports news . 
  we got a ice hockey scene in norway with half decent teams with ok support . 
  used to play it a bit as a kid with my friends in the winter . 
  definitely the most popular sport . 
  tallinn old town is quite nice, 
  yeah the first one , `` brudeferd i hardanger '' is very famous here and beautiful . 
  probably my favourite norwegian painting . 
  [ the scream ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f4/the_scream.jpg/220px-the_scream.jpg ) by edvard munch, 
  it was a bit touristy but the sheer size of the [ carcassonne ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carcassonne ) was amazing . 
  had some interesting museums inside aswell , like the torture museum . 
  [ palacio real ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_palace_of_madrid ) is also pretty cool , it 's the royal palace of madrid and the inside is asbeloutley stunning which gives you a pretty incredible view of the wealth they really had at the time it was built . 
  it 's also pretty damn massive, 
  definitely one experience i had in southern france ( small town outside montpellier ) . 
  some years back me and my family rented a flat for a couple of weeks from someone we knew from back home that owned a flat down there . 
  it was sort of an apartment complex with pools and the beach nearby . 
  one day when i went back into the flat after a few hours at the pool someone knocked on the door 10 seconds after i went in . 
  i opened the door and there was this old french women , probably in her late 60 's abseloutley hammering me down with french words and i assume insults ? 
  i had abseloutley no idea what she said and she kept continually yelling in french while i tried asking her what i did wrong in english . 
  after about a minute showering me down in french vocabulary she closed the door and left . 
  a few days later the people we rented the flat from had recived a complaint from that exact women saying i closed the door with too much power , or something along those lines . 
  sure , mabye i did do it a tad vigorously but it was with no intent and it seems like really unnecessary taking it that far for such a tiny incident . 
  that certaintly did n't help me abolish the typical `` old angry french people '' stereotype . 
  the vast amout of people were obviously nice and even the older people but it was really unnecessary taking such a small thing that far . 
  longyearbyen , would make a great capital, 
  probably spitsbergen . 
  largest island in norway and the 5th largest in europe . 
  there are more polar bears than humans there , that is a reason enough . 
  never actually been there but i got some distant relatives that live there and i 'd like to visit . 
  there are about 35-40k bhuddists in norway , so about 0.8 % of the population . 
  mostly from thailand , vietnam , china and myanmar . 
  i 'd say they have a good reputation , rarely any problems with them . 
  in my home town we have a community of burmese people . 
  they 're very peaceful and kind , never heard any being involved in any criminal activities in my town . 
  it 's allowed but i 've never ever heard about anyone doing it here . 
  if it should be allowed or not is a difficult matter , at one side a kid needs the social aspect with going to school and the teachers are educated in what they do . 
  most parents do n't have that education if they home school but if a kid is getting seriously bullied at every school he goes to and simply ca n't learn then that is a option . 
  well , turkey is probably the most unsecure and shady country in nato . 
  only reason they 're in is because they control the entrance to the black sea , a very important strategic area in europe and they have a large army . 
  the western european nato members and usa are pretty close and would support each other fully in the case of war i believe .
