  it 's known for large suburban areas with big houses owned by well off families . 
  stereotypically speaking they are snobs and the children that grow up there are extremeley spoiled . 
  it 's not technically in oslo so i included it but its sorta cheating i guess as its so close . 
  the number of upside down roofs on top of your letters is too damn high !, 
  pretty nice and clean . 
  i never take a dump on a public toilet no matter where i am but you would probably be fine doing it here in most places , i just have a policy that i do n't . 
  well , [ bouvet island ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bouvet_island ) is the most remote island in the world , and no one lives there . 
  1700km from closest land . 
  i win :p, 
  on [ finnmarksvidda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnmarksvidda ) you can probably be 50-60km from the nearest settlements . 
  i drove through parts of this summer and it 's insanely remote . 
  literally drove for about 120km and passed through 1 village only . 
  yeah the jew clause was pretty embarrassing but apart from that it was pretty progressive . 
  na : canada sa : idk , chile or uruguay perhaps europe : norway africa : namibia maybe ? 
  asia : japan oceania : new zealand, 
  i 've actually been suprised every time i 've been in germany of how bad they are at speaking english . 
  they 're not often talked about in the discussion of having the worst speakers but i must say they 're far under the level i imagined they would be at . 
  still above france and spanish but hardly by that big of a margin imo . 
  49kr nok $ 6.17 usd $ 5.29 eur in other words , too damn expensive . 
  yeah true . 
  our 1814 constitution was one of the most modern and progressive constitutions at the time it was written . 
  retarded just because it 's not the case in your country ? 
  not like the difference is very big anyway , criminal responsibility age is 15 , the same as the whole nordics . 
  in your country maybe ? 
  does n't mean that is the case everywhere . 
  in norway you literally ca n't be punished for any crime when you 're 14 , because you 're not responsible . 
  in my country that 's not the case . 
  here a 14 year old is not even close to as responsible for his/hers actions as an adult . 
  yes of course , our whole prison system is based around rehabilitation rather than just punishment . 
  and a 20 % recidivism rate clearly shows that this system works when looking at a recidivism rate of 76 % in the us . 
  they get treated very well with the nicest prisons in the world and they get some help to get their lives back on track once they 're out . 
  and yes i like it to be this way since it benefits everyone keeping people out of prison . 
  yeah , russia was why i was unsure . 
  checked on wiki and it only gave me the density of the whole of russia , which obviously is lower than ours but you ca n't really count the whole of russia so i guess you could say we have the 2nd lowest . 
  then it 's pretty different here compared to in italy . 
  `` no '' kids here bike in the middle of the road , they pretty much always use sidewalks or bike on the side of the road on low traffic roads if they abseloutley have to . 
  here at least the difference is huge between riding a motorized moped compared to a regular bike . 
  asina is my favourite orange soft drink , it 's rare to find though and its only produced by a couple of small industries but it 's fantastic , easily best orange soft drink imo but many do n't even seem to know that it exists . 
  solo is a good 2nd with fanta a good way behind imo, 
  assume you mean non-motorized bikes right ? 
  kids use them in areas with less traffic , streets with low speed limit and on sidewalks . 
  and it 's not like kids drive in the middle of the road like a car with their normal bike . 
  what i 'm mainly saying is dangerous is 14 year old kids driving on the road without good judgemental abilities , if you ride your non-motorized bike on the side of the walkway obviously that is much less dangerous than being in the middle of the road with your moped going 40km/h ? 
  very different though , you cant ban kids from being near roads . 
  that danger will always be there . 
  however letting 14 year olds drive around in moderate speeds with the lack of sensible judgement they have is just strange . 
  kids have very poor judgement of risk and other factors related to driving . 
  they 're far behind even 16 year olds in terms of mindset , which is the abseloute minimum age someone should be allowed to operate on a road in my opinion . 
  norway and my municipality both 15 / km ^ 2 very sparsely populated country , 2nd or 3rd in europe i believe . 
  least sparsely populated county is finnmark , with a huge 1.5 / km ^ 2, 
  that 's just stupid imo . 
  let 14 year olds on the road next to cars and large trucks ? 
  a 14 year old is very little developed in his mindset , you 're not even fully developed until you 're in your mid 20 's and when you 're 14 you still have a long way to go before you should be let on a road imo . 
  even many 18 year olds drive like idiots and should never have had their car license , imagine how much less developed 14 year olds are . 
  a 14 year old can legally drive one on the road ? 
  wtf, 
  relatively common as you can take a moped driver 's license when you 're 16 . 
  it 's not uncommon for people to take the license once they 're 16 , buy a moped and use it for 2 years before completley abandoning it when taking the driver 's licence for cars when they 're 18 . 
  mainly just cs : go dunno , used to be a casual player playing all kinds of games but since i started playing cs : go a couple of years ago i just get bored so quickly when playing other games , i hate it . 
  bought cities : skylines in the steam summer sale and i 've enjoyed it quite a bit . 
  used to play quite a lot of hearthstone as well but not played it much the last year . 
  even some cabins here do n't have running water , it 's not super uncommon :p, 
  yeah 5 times . 
  2 times antalya , 2 times marmaris and once in istanbul , where i also drove down the west coast to a town right north of izmir . 
  istanbul is a really nice city . 
  hmm interesting did n't know . 
  the guy domracheva is married to is also very famous here :d, 
  biathlon due to domracheva i assume ? 
  elementary ( year 1-7 ) enjoyed it a lot , i played football besides school with almost all of my classmates so i became very good friends with pretty much everyone in the class . 
  i was always outside playing and hanging out with my friends . 
  i had 4-5 extremely close and good friends during that period , never had anything close to that since middle school ( year 8-10 ) old elementary school classes were mixed with kids from another school . 
  unfortunately i ended up in a class without most of my good friends from elementary school . 
  i lost friendship with sooo many people in this period , i ended up in a group of 5-6 people , 2 from elementary and some new blokes . 
  they were all very nice but i was n't able to create that close of a relationship to any of them . 
  high school ( 11-13 ) honestly the worst period , new school in another town , about half the class was from my old school and the other half from other schools . 
  ended up in a 5 man group who was together every lunch break and in classes we shared . 
  2 of the guys i knew from my middle school class and 2 others i knew from elementary . 
  again , they were nice blokes , intelligent all of them but they were quite nerdy and unsocial which led to my social life outside of school to be shit during this period . 
  i never went to parties except for a few during the graduation period and mostly sat at home alone when i was n't playing football . 
   did you make a lot of friends ? 
  many during elementary school but it went downhill from there . 
  had about 5 decent school mates from the start of middle school to the end of high school . 
  lost sooo many friends after elementary school due to changing classes . 
   did you learn a lot of things ? 
  did n't put in much work during middle - and high school but ended up with decent enough grades . 
  good enough for the work i did anyway . 
  the subjects i found interesting , like history i got top grades in but there were too many subjects i did n't find interesting so it brought my grades down a fair bit . 
  as the other guy said cross-country skiing and handball . 
  next are other winter sports , biathlon , alpine skiing , ski jumping , nordic combined ( to a lesser degree ) cycling is also growing a lot , tour de france is quite popular and we 've had some sucessful riders who 've helped grow the sport here , we 're hosting the world championsships this year so it 's definitely becoming more and more popular by the year . 
  is n't rogfast just the name of the 30km underwater tunnel ? 
  which i think i 've heard will be 90 km/h . 
  understandable as it 's a tunnel with worse visibility . 
  the whole project is `` fergefri e39 '' i believe and if the speed is 110 for most parts that 's really nice . 
  pretty insane they 're cutting the overall time between kristiansund - trondheim from 20 to 10 hours . 
  will be a pretty amazing road when it 's all finished . 
  to be fair 90km/h on most highways is just annoyingly low . 
  i drove on a roadtrip this summer through large parts of norway and sweden and in sweden they had 100/110 on shitty ass 2 lane roads with curves that would be a 70 zone in norway . 
  and it 's not like sweden have many road accidents . 
  on straight 2-3 lane highways with a median strip 90 km/h is just annoying and i do n't see how it makes sense when looking at other worse and more dangerous roads in sweden and other countries were the limit is 100 or even more . 
  on 80 km/h roads basically no one is under the limit , that is just how it is here .
