  so some people do live there and while the airport might be the main thing it surely does qualify as a town aswell ? 
  wow you 've been to that place in greenland ? 
  actually just did a bit of google maps exploring today of greenland and found that place with a super long fjord leading to it . 
  did you go by boat through the fjord and how was that city ? 
  it 's quite some way inland compared to the other settlements at greenland . 
  north : bardufoss , norway : 69 \u00b0 n west : valladolid , spain : -4.8 \u00b0 w east : narita , japan : 140 \u00b0 e south : sharm el sheikh , egypt 27.8 \u00b0 s highest : probably somewhere on a mountain in norway or in the alps , guess atleast +1800 m lowest : oslofjordtunnelen/oslofjordtunnel ( 134m below sea level ), 
  norway ( lived there my whole life ) 2 . 
  turkey ( about 6-7 weeks probably , been on holiday there 4 times - 1 time istanbul , 2 times antalya and 1 marmaris ) 3 . 
  sweden ( lived 20km from the border my whole life , go there 5-6 times a year to buy cheap food etc , too difficult to count but definitely 2nd or 3rd on the list - driven through the country from north to south and frequently visit a border town in the west close to where i live ) 4 . 
  france ( approx 2.5 weeks - most in a small city called s\u00e8te ) 5 . 
  croatia ( 12 days irrc - mostly the istrian peninsula and the islands cres and losinj ) 6 . 
  spain ( either 9 or 10 days - madrid for 4-5 days , bilbao 3 days , san sebastian 1 day ) 7 . 
  denmark ( ca n't remember exactly how many days , went to legoland when i was younger but ca n't remember how many days we stayed and also driven through the country a couple of times . 
  i assume about 10 days in total ) 8 . 
  united kingdom ( 6-7 days , one trip to manchester ( 2-3 days ) and one to london ( 3 days ) ) 9 . 
  germany ( 5-6 days - a couple of ferries to kiel and driven through the country a couple of times , spent a day or two in garmisch-partenkirchen ) 10 . 
  finland ( drove through the country , think i spent 2-3 days there ), 
  wow just searched that youtube guy up , never heard about him , guy has 22 mill subscribers , that 's a lot . 
  that 's true , though it 's generally accepted in norway that he is british . 
  ye i took e45 to g\u00e4llivare i believe and then took off to kiruna and back into norway . 
  very monotone as you said and boring imo . 
  much more nature and activitiy driving through norway so i prefer that and will probably go through norway next time, 
  within the `` norwegian '' subject in high school you learn and analyze danish texts that were common during the time when danish was the language used here . 
  in norwegian exams you can get fully danish texts which you have to read , understand and analyze . 
  yes i know , no one really drives that trip though , was more to just give an idea of how long the country is and that flying in many instances is the best option . 
  for the 21 hour trip to my family up north i 've driven through sweden a few times , did so last summer actually . 
  must say it was pretty damn boring . 
  driving through northern sweden feels ridiculously remote , i literally drove for about 1-2 hours up there without meeting a single car . 
  it 's also just a lot of forest and very flat . 
  doubt i 'll drive that route again . 
  for my trip , driving through norway is actually a tad quicker and more interesting , seeing as their actually lives people up north in norway lol . 
  but yeah if you somehow need to drive from the very southern point of norway and to the northernmost point then through sweden/finland would be the quicker route . 
  italian , greek and turkish, 
  i 'd say they are common in norway . 
  i live in the south and have family up north , it takes about 21 hours driving one way , which i 've done several times but sometimes i rather take a flight , which only takes 1.5 hours . 
  we 're a difficult country to get around in with car or train so flying is often the easiest and quickest option . 
  it can get a bit expensive though if you do n't order in good time on beforehand . 
  driving from the very southern point of norway to the northermost point takes 35 + hours so it helps having the option to fly instead . 
  if you order 2-3 months before the flight you should be able to find some $ 40-50 flights from oslo-bergen or oslo-trondheim etc. 
  these take 7-9 hours to drive and only about an hour by plane . 
  obviously very famous here but idk if he is famous outside norway , if he is as famous outside of norway as here then yes abseloutley he should be on the list, 
  i 'd expect breivik , ole gunnar solskj\u00e6r , kygo , magnus carlsen too be most known lesser known but still famous ( including dead people ) : roald amundsen , edvard munch , john arne riise , a-ha band , varg vikernes, 
  i would n't say the rest of the world likes nazis lol but yeah you are famous for it . 
  partially black metal i was really suprised to hear some people from other countries named `` varg vikernes '' as the most famous norwegian they knew . 
  he is n't even all that known here and most people do n't like black metal as a genre . 
  of course it exist people here that love that kind of music and all the black metal bands here but in general most people do n't like it but we 're very famous outside of norway for creating great music within the genre . 
  in the world or just in europe in the world : dunno , somewhere like ** mauritania ** or something . 
  flat , poor , very hot and full of desert . 
  lot of violation of human rights ( etc ) and very religious country with extreme restrictions of religion and belief . 
  in norway most people do n't mind it and just look at it as someone who represents our country and our history . 
  the king do n't really possess any real power so most people just think it 's a nice thing to have . 
  i do n't really hear a lot of conversations about the king and the monarchy in general , a lot of people just do n't care . 
  molde - rosenes by ( town of roses ), 
  was about to say this one , really like that song, 
  i respect it but i do n't believe in a higher power myself . 
  state and religion should also always be seperated and should have little to no integration in schools and education in general . 
  if people want to believe in it however , feel free . 
  it 's a private case, 
  maths and norwegian, 
  definitely sweden, 
  average wage is $ 3.500 ( $ 3650 ) net per month , $ 42.000 ( $ 43.500 ) net annualy . 
  people living in a rural areas usually live in a decently sized house . 
  the average neighbourhood in rural/suburban areas often look similar to [ this ] ( https://seenorway.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/dsc_3296.png?w=640&amp;h=360 ) . 
  i live in a rural area and here some people live next to farms in ordinary houses , where some of the family members work on the farm . 
  [ often looks like this ] ( http://dms09.dimu.org/image/03rw8ao8ns?dimension=800x800 ) , not too uncommon where i live the largest cities are obviously different and there people usually live in flats like [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/6c/d1/63/6cd1638408bb7ee4733aeb16c76335d6.jpg ) . 
  for 0.5 l ( half a litre ) they usually charge 80-90 nok which is about $ 8.5 or # 8 . 
  some are a little cheaper and some even a tad more expensive than that . 
  yeah , prices are ridiculous here, 
  im in the middle of a big storm in norway currently so that involves a lot of snow and awful weather . 
  and you are not biased ? 
  doubt you got much knowledge on the nordics , goes both ways . 
  there is a reason why no one feels much connection to you , i visited your country a few years ago and it did n't feel quite as the other nordic countries , you 're also not yet a full member of the council . 
  you 're not far off but not yet a nordic country by most people 's definition, 
  still , pretty much no one in the nordics consider estonia to be a part of it , recognition is everything . 
  even finland is kind of the odd one out in the nordics currently , they 've got a different language and many do n't really feel that similar to finns , we still let them pass though because of their geography and similarities in other areas . 
  and while finland is sort of the odd one out estonia is even less similar , even if you have certain traits that would fit with the other nordic countries . 
  i like estonia and enjoyed the country when i visited but i never felt connected to it and did n't feel any connection to estonian people . 
  it just felt as a more remote version of finland , which is true in a sense but including you would n't make much sense imo . 
  then we surely would have to include lithuania and latvia because they share certain similarities with estonia ? 
  the line has to be drawn somewhere and i think finland is the farthest out we should go recognizing someone as `` nordic '' . 
  i agree that you 're a part of northern europe , which is pretty much exclusively a geographical group but very few people here in the nordics feel any sort of connection with estonia and because of that you should n't be considered to be a part of the nordics . 
  that 's a fair assumption but in my opinion it 's difficult having two different northern entities in the `` nordics '' and `` northern europe '' . 
  estonia is n't and will probably never ( in the nearest future ) be considered a part of the `` nordics '' seeing as its more than just a geographical group of countries . 
  i 'd say putting them in northern europe is fine , seeing as they 're quite far north but they 're also one of the eastmost countries in europe which means labeling them as a part of eastern europe is n't really wrong . 
  the whole baltic area is a bit of a middle ground , could be considered either really . 
  you are pretty much right . 
  not really wrong labeling estonia as a eastern european country . 
  it 's kind of on the border , estonians like putting themselves as northern europeans but many others put them as eastern . 
  they 've got some parts of both , saying they 're eastern european is n't really wrong . 
  no one here in the nordic countries actually considers estonia to be a part of northern europe , mabye bar a few finns . 
  the caste system is about as inhumane as it gets, 
  we become a lot more open and talkative and people also do n't care as much about economy when being abroad . 
  at home i see people being very careful with everything they buy and not spending much money . 
  being abroad on the other hand people do n't give a shit about their money and just throw it at everything not caring if they overpay massively on anything . 
  it 's very common for families of 3-4 with kids to go to somewhere around the mediterranean . 
  spain ( mallorca , canary islands ) , greece ( any island , crete is most common ) and turkey ( antalya , alanya , marmaris , side etc ) . 
  families like these often go to one of these places for 2-3 weeks during the summer . 
  it 's even some local people in these areas that have learned basic norwegian phrases and words because so many of us go there . 
  which one of the mediterranean countries you go to depends on your family . 
  my family loved turkey and they took me there 4-5 times when i was a kid .
