  most people start studying a 2nd foreign language from year 8-10 . 
  german , spanish and french are the three primary ones that are usually offered to students . 
  most schools have at least 2 out of the 3 ( i think they 're obliged to ) but some have all three . 
  i 'd say most people do n't learn the language all that well in those years , the best students might become decent but most people just learn it at a very basic level even after three years . 
  it depends what kind of high school you go to but if you wan na go to university later you have to study a 2nd foreign language for 2-3 more years . 
  the same languages are offered but you can change . 
  so yeah most people have a 2nd foreign language for 3-5 years . 
  overall students do n't seem to enjoy a 2nd foreign language all that much and most people forget whatever they 've learned after high school . 
  i remember when i had german in high school it was the least favorite subject for most people . 
  even most people that studied a particular foreign language for 5 years did n't become fluent at it . 
  a few do but most people just forget it when they 're finished . 
  english is definitely considered enough, 
  my father owns a shotgun , a rifle and 2 handguns . 
  with ammunition for most of them . 
  no idea why he 's got them really , do n't think he has used them in 20 + years . 
  owning guns is not uncommon here , a lot of people go hunting etc. 
  i 've shot a few times . 
  my cousin-in-law go hunting somewhat regulary and he owns a rifle . 
  shot with it a few times in my grandma 's back yard when we 've been there at the same time . 
  he usually brings it so we can have a bit of fun . 
  personally i do n't really mind weapons as long as you have good back ground checks for whoever is buying them . 
  yeah oslo is a great city for close proximity to the nature . 
  i live about 30km from the very eastern part of oslo and if you were here you would believe you 're in the middle of nowhere . 
  exceptional area for spending time in the woods . 
  just to add a bit on the oslo surroundings , [ \u00d8stmarka ( 1 ) ] ( http://www.skiforeningen.no/img/publish/14466.jpg ) [ ( 2 ) ] ( http://img8.custompublish.com/getfile.php/2009491.2128.bucqtyqbyw/hauktjern.jpg?return=www.ostmarkasvenner.no ) for instance is only < 10km from the very centre of oslo and look at the beautiful scenery in the pictures above . 
  certainly very nice to have those fantastic camping opportunities even for people who live in the middle of oslo . 
  i would always be up for merging with iceland . 
  a beautiful island that would make a nice addition to our country . 
  they would probably end up joining us as the 20th county and they would have to adapt to us more than we to them . 
  would n't be a balanced union at all but it would be lovely from our side . 
  i would probably also accept a union with denmark but it would be pretty weird seeing as we 're not connected by land and we 're still a bit different , we sort of struggle to understand each other etc. 
  i still like their country and how they operate . 
  not sure about sweden , their politics is a bit of a mess and they have some clear different views from the other nordic countries but we 're very similar in many ways . 
  with denmark or sweden it would also raise some questions over eu/nato, 
  yeah i saw that one last year , was pretty enjoyable . 
  that alongside `` das leben der anderen '' are probably my two favourite german movies that i 've seen, 
  that 's quite nice for a swede but the places i have visited , i 've been to several times . 
  the very western part and the north i 've been to over 10 times each and i have seen a ton of things in those areas . 
  i do n't go to new places all that often , because i do n't really have any reason to go to the western coast but the places i go to i have often been to several times and explored the surrounding areas . 
  wut , really ? 
  i feel i 've seen a fair bit and more than most people i know lol, 
  made a [ map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dvbl4xi.png ) , a few weeks ago . 
  i 've seen almost everything in my region , the archipelagos of the south east and oslo a ton of times . 
  seen the whole south eastern coast and also quite a bit of central norway . 
  seen the fjords and mountains of the west . 
  definitely want to see more though , the western coast is on my wishlist . 
  seen quite a bit in the north as well , especially in the lofoten area where i have family . 
  the only areas in norway i really have n't seen is the west coast and the very north ( finnmark ) . 
  been to most of the major cities bar bergen and stavanger . 
  i really enjoy travelling in my own country , the scenery is beautiful and its very fun imo driving around in the diverse terrain and conditions . 
  hoping to see more in the next years and finish all the 19 counties , currently have 16 . 
  it 's quite a large country by european standards though and very long , so it 's quite difficult seeing everything . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , how much you get for spending on food and leisure etc ? 
  not including rent, 
  pretty much non-existent, 
  as far as i could find , 10 policemen have died in the line of duty since ww2 . 
  last time was in 2010 when a policeman was hit by a car . 
  the last time one was shot to death was in 2004 during a bank burglary/heist . 
  what i heard about knugen was that he once had to sign his name on a rock and because of his dyslexia he then wrote `` knug carl gustaf '' . 
  not sure if that is correct though . 
  you french sure as hell know how to make castles, 
  well , we were neutral in ww1 and also in ww2 before getting invaded . 
  unless you 're in a very safe geographical position you need allies . 
  i 'm honestly very happy we created nato and are a part of it today . 
  in the current political picture its difficult being neutral . 
  [ reindeer stew \\ ( finnbiffgryte \\ ) ] ( http://mylittlenorway.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/finnbiff-cooked.jpg ) is probably my favorite . 
  it 's not specifically norwegian but it 's quite common in the whole north of norway , sweden and finland , it 's a sami dish so guess that counts . 
  the meat is very expensive but tastes fantastic imo . 
  we do n't have it often due to the price but when we do i always love it . 
  it consists of reindeer meat , chanterelle , onion , bacon and lingonberry . 
  ( and sometimes other things ), 
  wolves cover an enormous amout of territory . 
  even though we do n't have many they cover so much area so they quite often kill sheep making the farmers unhappy . 
  it should also be noted that farmers and wolves are `` competing '' in the same area , along the norwegian-swedish border in the south east . 
  this is where many of norwegian farms are located and also where most of the wolves are . 
  whether we should shoot wolfs or not . 
  farmers are pissed off because wolfs keep killing their sheep so they want to shoot them . 
  there is currently a large debate if this is the right thing to do seeing as it only exists about 60-70 animals in norway . 
  personally i think we should n't but the sheep owners are quite mad . 
  yeah , it 's great . 
  just as good as bottled water, 
  have n't really heard a lot of people commentning on norwegian but i 've heard it sounds like we 're singning . 
  yeah we have a ton of them . 
  46 to be precise and they make up a little under 40.000 square km . 
  we have a lot more parks as well that are also beautiful . 
  many are very well known and common for people to go hike or camp in . 
  others are a lot less known . 
  that picture is beautiful , would be cool camping there . 
  so much untouched wilderness in finland :p, 
  if you take counties into account then my county is probably one of the least visited of the 19 . 
  there is more or less nothing to see and its just where most of people in the outskirts of oslo live . 
  i hardly think i 've ever seen any foreign tourists in my town , because it 's no reason to come here . 
  however the biggest and main airport in norway is located here so in that sense you could say we get a lot of tourists but they all just take the train directly into oslo so they never really stay here . 
  garmisch-partenkirchen was really beautiful when i visited 6-7 years back . 
  cozy little town with incredible surroundings . 
  you can even go on top of zugspitze , the highest mountain in germany which is located right next to it , there you can get some incredible views above the city . 
  what city ? 
  most norwegians have a pretty strong sense of affiliation to the place they come from and are proud of it . 
  i however come from inland south-eastern norway where people do n't really care as much , and i do n't really feel that much of a connection to my part of norway so in order i 'd say norwegian , scandinavian , nordic i could perhaps add my town first which i feel connected to opposed to neighbouring towns but meh , those are my 3 main groups i guess . 
  my town is n't that important but i feel connection with it of course .
