  oslo - tigerstaden ( tiger city ) troms\u00f8 - nordens paris ( paris of the north ) fredrikstad - plankebyen ( plank city ), 
  even heard 4 million chinese watched the first season . 
  absurd how popular it has become . 
  for me , i live in a rural town and see them very rarely . 
  maybe spot a car once a month at most . 
  the only times i really see them is when i go to oslo where they 're a little bit more prevalent, 
  not our fault you fuckers decided it was a good idea joining napoleon 's side in the 1800 's wars . 
  we even wanted full independence and sovereignty after our time with you but you literally signed a deal forcing us to join sweden . 
  all your fault :d, 
  regional flags are n't a big deal here , never seen anyone have one . 
  only the norwegian flag itself is used quite a bit . 
  the sami flag is used in the sapmi region but apart from that it 's not common . 
  well you better not treat us like you did last time then : /, 
  english is mandatory from year 1-11 . 
  then from year 8-10 you start learning a 2nd foreign language . 
  you 're usually offered to chose between german , french and spanish . 
  smaller schools often only offer 2 of those while others all three . 
  it 's technically not mandatory as you can chose further english over a 2nd foreign language from year 8-10 but you get 1 year less in high school so most people study either german , french or spanish in secondary school . 
  in high school a 2nd foreign language is mandatory in year 11 and 12 if you had a 2nd foreign language for three years in secondary school . 
  however if you did n't study a 2nd foreign language in secondary school you have to study either french , german or spanish for 3 years in high school . 
  since you get a year off most people therefore study a 2nd foreign language from year 8-12 . 
  i had french from year 8-10 and german from 11-12 . 
  well , people living in germany * then . 
  damn germans and their privacy :p, 
  wikipedia lists svalbard as an `` integral overseas territory '', 
  football, 
  nah but i 'd love to visit svalbard . 
  got some distant family from there actually . 
  really ? 
  that 's a pretty fancy title and seems like a cool job, 
  well the one to finland did n't happen . 
  as it would violate the constitution . 
  it says we ca n't give land away so it never happened in the first place , and probably wo n't in the future either . 
  nah , the samis do n't want independence , they 've never been a country and afaik they 've never even wanted independence throughout history either . 
  they were pretty angry and pissed off in the 1800 's and much of the 1900 's when they were disgracefully forced integrated into norwegian/swedish/finnish life and culture . 
  however they 've recovered fairly well now and they seem relatively satisfied with being a part of the nordic countries and not having their own state . 
  i assume that at least since they have never seeked independence . 
  norway-sweden potentially , ca n't see anything changing for a very long time . 
  we had some disputes a while back but it 's been unchanged for a long time now and we 're peaceful countries and good friends so it will most likely stay as it is for a very long time . 
  whenever i get sad of my country 's spending i 'm just going to come here and laugh instead . 
  that 's going to be interesting for sure , huge project and some of the new bridges/tunnels look pretty cool . 
  heard they 're even contemplating building a submerged floating tube bridge between some of the fjords which would be pretty nuts . 
  sure it 's going to cost a shit ton but if it 's really going to cut the travel time between kristiansand and trondheim in half it 's probably worth it for the people living in that area . 
  some of the roads in western norway are currently a huge clusterfuck due to all the fjords . 
  just hope i 'm not dead by the time they 're finished with all of it , want to drive the it myself / s, 
  we did n't skip it , colonialism was fairly well taught but we learnt next to nothing about how life actually was in those countries all the way from the middle ages to about ww1 . 
  we did touch a bit in on belgian congo and all that but i 'd like to be taught more . 
  like the different dynasties in china etc, 
  saw it in high school when i took german classes . 
  pretty interesting movie , probably the best we watched , though most german movies we watched were pretty shitty, 
  there is a very big western bias , which is understandable but i would have prefered a little bit more history about non-europe . 
  from after the middle ages to the ww1 there is extremeley little about non-european history . 
  primary school do n't have grades . 
  middle school ( year 8-10 ) and high school ( 11-13 ) both use a 1-6 system with 6 being the best and 1 a failed test . 
  university uses letters from a to f , with a being excellent and f a fail . 
  every week day unless i have football practice the evening before . 
  then i usually shower in the evening after the practice and ca n't be bothered to in the morning again . 
  i 'm quite lazy in the weekends as i usually do n't do much so i might not shower for a couple of days unless i 'm doing something . 
  mandatory from year 1 to 11, 
   i 've dealt with kids ( and now deal with students/adults ) that were crap at academic achievement early on and then blossomed into rather brilliant minds in a different setting . 
  yeah this is why we do n't have any grades in the whole 7 years of primary school . 
  does the uk and other countries ( if you know ) have grades in primary school ? 
  cus we never had, 
  i guess i trust them in knowing they 're at least trying to make things better and that they are n't overly corrupt . 
  however i do n't trust them in having enough expertise in a lot of areas . 
  the bureaucracy is incredibly slow when shit has to happen quickly . 
  in the municipality next to where i live they 've been talking about building a crucial bridge which would short down commute times a ridiculous amout for well over 5 years now . 
  they 've not even decided where the bloody bridge is going to be exactly . 
  if they could make stuff happen faster i would trust them a whole lot more . 
  they 're just so slow , it 's like i 'm fucking dead before what they 're thinking of building is even finished . 
  somewhere in new-england . 
  maine , vermont and new hampshire all seem like decent states to live in . 
  small towns scattered around the states with beautiful scenery . 
  also from what i 've heard the people are a bit more down to earth unlike the typical `` redneck south '' . 
  also not too far from the big cities while giving you a countryside feeling at the same time . 
  kind of similar to where i currently live . 
  if i feel like trying something new i 'd guess i would n't mind trying the west coast . 
  washington , oregon or california . 
  seems like kind of busy states where a lot of stuff happens but where you also got a lot of opportunities and choices on what you want to do . 
  warm climate but beautiful nature as well . 
  oh shit lol , you guys have hella late dinners, 
  what lol hahah . 
  i honestly thought they ate earlier or something and that was why it was closed around 20:00 . 
  eating dinner at 21:00 is pretty damn late . 
  i found it strange when i visited how few resturants are open in the evening . 
  so many closed very early and i honestly struggled finding a place to eat most days ( because i usually eat about 20:00 when i 'm on holiday abroad ), 
  almost everything is cheaper in sweden . 
  supermarket shopping especially is great , they have some mother fucking huge supermarkets with great variety and cheap prices compared to here . 
  cauliflower soup, 
  new zealand , canada or the us, 
  iceland cus they 're our lil ` bros, 
  trysil is n't actually poor . 
  bet you looked up average wage ? 
  reason to why trysil scores so low is because of the high amout of part-time jobs in the large ski resort they have . 
  many people only work there during the winter but they get counted for working a year so the average salary seems really low on paper when it 's just like most other places in reality . 
  do n't think there are any cities a lot poorer than others in norway tbh, 
  do n't know much about how daily life is in different states . 
  there are a lot of people with norwegian ancestry in the northern states though ( minnesota , north dakota and wisconsin ) and i guess we 're sort of similar in that we are in the north of europe as well . 
  winters can be pretty harsh in both areas . 
  but honestly i do n't know .
