  luv u sweden, 
  thanks russia, 
  well , what do you suppose we do , hmm ? 
  welcome them into the eu with open arms for them to be leeches on a society that can not support them ? 
  no thanks , adopt a strong stance and it will stop , that 's what needs to be done, 
  with your name you could be nigel farage in disguise, 
  big boy kenny is very proud of himself, 
  undecided voters likely decided to go with the evil they knew rather than the one they do n't . 
  hence labour getting destroyed, 
  bye bye cleggy , you had a good run, 
  is that a side effect of the eu being so large then ? 
  like , the richer countries do n't necessarily need what the poorer ones have to offer and have no reason to buy back off them . 
  on the same note , it does n't seem like a good thing to have a trade deficit either , so is it best to go for a rough 1:1 ratio ? 
  is n't a surplus a good thing ? 
  exporting more than you import is good , right ? 
  i say we welcome the immigrants from libya with open arms and full benefits, 
  come down to waterford and you 'll get 15 for that . 
  gives you shingles though, 
  jesus christ france, 
  ah , i misunderstood his comment , thanks, 
  if you move to another country , it 's generally expected that you integrate . 
  otherwise we see culture divides and that never ends good, 
   this whole thing reeks of political maneuvering yeah , no shit . 
  have you paid attention to what has happened in the last year ? 
  the eu has more cause to intervene than the us does, 
  we need a strict eu wide policy on this . 
  make it clear that they wo n't be welcomed anymore, 
  plague no match for stronk polan hussars, 
  being honest , the current flag is pretty shit, 
  yay single digits we did it guys, 
  nazi fuel ca n't melt steel eu, 
  my comment means the opposite of what you think it means ... 
   the eu should also keep a cultural identity , states as albania , turkey or georgia just do n't fit in imo what cultural identity ? 
  we have 28 different cultures already , what difference does 3 more make ? 
  ah the ol serbia switcheroo, 
  france nearly killed me at the end when they were fooling around instead of kicking it !, 
   bosnia named as croatia  part of the eu the fuck, 
  god damn kazakhstan and belarus not being in the club, 
  what about bulgaria , croatia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , poland and slovakia ? 
  they do n't have gay marriage either , so why single out ireland ? 
  unless you 're talking about abortion in which case ... yeah we are very backwards, 
  i see croatia has seceded from the eu, 
  this man is a genius, 
  yeah they 've integrated nicely , have a few polish friends myself and they 're pretty cool, 
  i propose we make r/europe great again, 
  he must have experience , what with having quite possibly the most retarded political system in the west, 
  that 's some nice 4 year old data you got there, 
   jordanian occupation of the west bank are you even reading what you 're linking bro ? 
  step up your troll game, 
  i dunno i think someone like the slovene pm takes the cake for most irrelevant, 
  the last picture says it 's from india, 
  unfortunately the eu is a scapegoat for every country 's problems when things go wrong and it gets none of the credit when things go good, 
  the dutch are against ? 
  you mean the deal that maybe 18 % of the dutch eligible voters opposed ? 
  ah i see now thank you, 
  oh ok , so the deal would improve animals right in ukraine if it goes ahead ? 
  do n't take that as a sign all of western europe is against tightening relations with ukraine . 
  i and many others i know fully support ukraine and want the eu to help you guys as much as possible to recover form this criminal russian action in donbass and crimea i have enormous respect for you and your countrymen for standing up to the corruption and lies of that bastard yanukovich, 
  could you explain this a bit more please ? 
  good . 
  hopefully he will be brought to justice as well, 
  question is though , will daddy russia step in in favour of armenia and fuck up azerbaijan or stay neutral, 
  the cccp lives on in all our hearts comrade, 
  you hear that america , you hear this glorious anthem ?!, 
  join the true way of ruling your people, 
  maybe they 'll preferred the ol soviet one * soyuz nerushimi respublik svobodnya ... *, 
  absolutely fantastic anthem is n't it slava rossiya, 
  i feel like there 's less guns here , but it would be exciting if the mods were armed, 
   mfw still the 31st here hah , you have n't fooled me mods, 
  no , there is an isis allied group in south western daraa province bordering the golan . 
  they 've been making pretty big gains over the rebels there the past week or so, 
   they are not located near israel well , the main forces are n't but an isis pocket does border the golan heights, 
  no i say we continue to discuss things most of us do n't understand about foreign countries clearly we are the ones who know what to do with little old belgium, 
  that 's implying that an english pm cares whatsoever about the troubles, 
  i hate to see beautiful buildings go due to some dipshit who thinks he 's sending a message, 
  get yourself together italy you 're being beaten by a country with twice your unemployment you can do it renzi i believe in you, 
  are these all terrorist attacks though ? 
  that 's what op 's map wrongly claims, 
  as i said  only very rarely are bomb attacks carried out so what exactly is your point ? 
  i 'm talking about the republic of ireland , not northern ireland here , but still if i call in a bomb scare on a major roadway , is that a terrorist attack ? 
  no it 's not . 
  as i said , the ra does n't do large scale stuff anymore . 
  now they just throw pipe bombs at each other and murder garda\u00ed and psni officers . 
  those are n't terrorist attacks . 
  now , if they threw a pipe bomb at a load of innocent passersby then yes that would be a terrorist attack , but that does n't happen nearly enough to warrant the state of op 's map, 
  god i am fucking sick of these maps painting ireland as baghdad not every ira attack is a terrorist attack . 
  we certainly have n't had a hundred terrorist attacks since 2001 , i do n't even remember 1 . 
  the ira , pira , rira , nira are all gangs for scumbags now , they are not terrorist groups anymore and only very rarely are bomb attacks carried out . 
  gang feuds are not terrorist attacks . 
  the army finding a bomb is not an attack either so op , your map is wrong, 
  that is a fantastic idea . 
  and you know what ? 
  we need to push for it and stop laying on our backs hoping everything will be fine . 
  whether it 's an eu army , a defence fund or whatever , we need to step up our efforts and work together from now on . 
  i think with people like renzi becoming more and more vocal about it , we have a change to see some steps made in the coming years , but only if we support it, 
  to a person like me , what you 're saying makes perfect sense . 
  unfortunately , for everyone else in my country , the defence forces are priority no 150 with a measly budget of $ 1 billion per year . 
  the americans love us , i 'm sure we could get a great deal on some f-16 's or even 18 's soon enough . 
  but the people of ireland wo n't hear it . 
  not once in the 3 debates on our recent election was the defence forces mentioned .
