pull back russian troops from eastern ukraine , give back crimea , reverse anti protest and anti gay laws would be a good start, 
  maybe it 's just the journal boycotting them, 
  a racist as well as a troll i see, 
  what country do you originally hail from ? 
  great to see you like our country . 
  our government can be unusual sometimes . 
  because we 're an island they seem to think we do n't need to be in the schengen . 
  it would n't make a difference to me but i can see how it would make life easier for others, 
  euro when referring to the currency in general ( e.g the euro is doing well against currency x , that thing is 500 euro etc ) euros when referring to the coins ( e.g that book is only 4 euros ), 
  temple bar in dublin expensive as fuck and all round shite, 
  whichever one holds the real power in the country i guess e.g ireland has a president , but the taoiseach ( prime minister ) enda kenny is shown instead, 
  sure waterford 's a shithole already , a nuclear bomb would n't make it that much worse, 
  bit weird replying to an old comment here but yes , i was referring to the one used after ww2, 
  america created it , america should deal with it, 
  former ussr anthem is very ... inspiring also , ireland, 
  personally i support a federal states of europe but europe is just way too diverse to be ruled from a single place, 
  ahhh the wonders of living in ireland no high speed rail for us i guess, 
  well the rebels are getting training from * someone * i mean , you do n't take down an airliner with an aa missile without some help/training, 
  my guess is they were sent to get the russian troops out of ukraine before the war ends, 
  i thought the netherlands would be the highest nobody ? 
  just me ? 
  yay lets get to single figures, 
  there must be a huge market for creased french pillows, 
  get ready to be rekt canada, 
  shits going down now, 
  we all know nothing happened in the period 1933-1945 in germany, 
  not if the dup have a say in it, 
  labour have n't been left for a while now , they 're just red tories . 
  miliband tried to bring them back left a bit but he had the conversational skills of a retarded horse so that did n't work out, 
  * aaaand this is why you should not be able to remove posts *, 
  what did he say beforehand ? 
  i 'm just commenting on what i 've seen on political websites , i agree with you, 
  some consider authoritarianism and libertarianism to be other axis, 
  so the bbc lying in a front page article should n't be here ? 
  you 're so biased it 's hilarious , `` i do n't like this , it should n't be here !!! '', 
   refugees not immigrants if you come into a country with the intention of staying you are an immigrant , stop being pedantic, 
  there 's thousands of sunnis fighting for the government stop making stuff up, 
  with how you did in the 6 nations you would n't want to know, 
  what are you going to keep in there ? 
  looks perfect for koi, 
  maybe next year , eh lads ? 
  add them in and you have a classic balkans mix up, 
  is continuing to export food while millions are striving a logistical problem ? 
  i 'm not attacking you or anything btw , uk + ireland = bros for life, 
  can you taste the high standard of living ? 
  can you taste it ? 
  at least he 'll have plenty of salt in his meals thanks to you, 
  greece is a special case due to decisions made for the last couple dozen years i 'm regards to their economy . 
  that 's nice to see * that 's nice to see *, 
  yeah i did n't realise the title said largest when i wrote that it 's either polish or british for the largest, 
  travellers , also known as knackers , gypsies , pikes , and cunts they live in halting sites in caravans , love incest , robbing , violence , drug dealing and feuding . 
  and then they wonder why everybody hates them some of them are settled and live normal lives , and are sometimes grand , but usually trouble finds them . 
  i feel like i need to read that article, 
  people call it socialism referring to the welfare state , nothing more . 
  anyone who believes the nordic countries are socialist has a warped and fake version of reality, 
  democratic socialism is n't socialism . 
  it 's capitalism also , how did socialism work out in poland for 50 years ? 
  and do n't say that it will be different next time , it wo n't, 
  great cromwell banter, 
  i think he 's referring to the fact that croatia is not part of the eu, 
  m\u00e1s \u00e9 do thoil \u00e9 remember your manners, 
  i hear they drink barry 's * barry 's * for christ sake, 
  and you guys do n't hold very good marathons, 
  here we go again, 
  we take the piss out of him so much over on r/ireland , i ca n't wait till we get ours, 
  if there 's one thing i want to see before i die , it 's a rare pepe in the wild, 
  i thought we had the kite for that, 
  clearly you have n't watched the series . 
  research something before you talk shit, 
  he must be thinking of the mass potatoes draught of '89, 
  smart girls, 
  lads , i think they * might * be suggesting that dclauzel is actually * french * curve ball outta nowhere, 
  that 's brown people not white people , why should i care ? 
  you ca n't seriously compare east germany to gypsies, 
  it is known, 
  they just really do n't like british people, 
  i 'm sure that would be a civil and well mannered ama, 
  that makes kenya no more relevant to most europeans a piss poor african country with terrorists ? 
  that sums up a good chunk of africa , so nobody feels the need to pay attention to one of those countries also , somalia ? 
  it 's hard to think of a less relevant country, 
  why do you hate the irish language so much ? 
  it 's not affecting your life , get over it, 
  yep , that 's syriza for you , like a load of children trying to play politicians, 
  and something in the top left corner to emphasise hard working , productive families ... a hammer and sickle perhaps ? 
  trojan horse sounds awfully similar to troika horse coincidence ? 
  i think not, 
  it 's been an exciting month , between the usual petty reddit drama and now greece , we have loads to keep us entertained !, 
  should have got davos in mo fingers , mo problems, 
  do you think it was it worth it trying to hold the airport ? 
  syriza is like a load of children trying to run a country . 
  get germany to pay back war reparations fro occupying greece ? 
  what a joke . 
  negotiations are n't going well ? 
  better walk out of them . 
  willing to let greece default/leave ez/eu so they do n't have to pay back the debt ? 
  you got it incompetence from start to finish from a left wing party that is trying to stick it to the man, 
  austerity has worked out well enough for ireland yeah the imf are assholes but that does n't excuse how syriza has acted , which was the original point of / u/arathian, 
  that 's socialists for you, 
  bunch of cowboys ted, 
  yeah , sorry i was exaggerating for comedic effect , i thought you did n't think there was lots of shootings,
