  fptp fucked them over, 
  https://whatthehellhavethelibdemsdone.com/#30 educate yourself, 
  there has been a real influx of brexit retards since the vote who do you think you 're convincing here ? 
  i believe ounces is the new term, 
  i could n't believe the hypocrisy of the leavers when they kept shouting that the remain camp was fearmongering and all they did was moan about how shit the eu is and straight up lie, 
  the new pm will invoke article 50 , and if they start to drag it out , people will start to wonder what the point was of voting out if those clowns wo n't do it . 
  the eu has also said it will be concluded as fast as possible . 
  all the signs point to it being within roughly a 2 year time frame can you imagine the outrage if pm boris tells the public he 's gotten an extension on their eu membership after 2 years of waiting ? 
  not gon na happen, 
  and yet the majority voted to stay, 
  he says , acting like a salt mine all over this thread, 
   they can veto everything for about the 2 years and 3 months they have left yeah but why would they ? 
  if they act like children it makes the eu * less * likely to give them deals . 
  they can forget about it completely when they leave, 
  no it makes us feel better, 
  are you retarded ? 
  you do realise we 're talking about scotland here not the uk ? 
  of course you probably voted leave why would i even ask if you 're retarded, 
  it takes a certain kind of bravery to do the very same thing . 
  he gambled , and he lost to the will of the people, 
  you say that as if economically everything will stay the same . 
  it wo n't . 
  already things are changing, 
  this is n't just a referendum for independence though , it 's about remaining in the eu which the scottish people overwhelmingly wanted to do, 
  if you think ireland will block scotland you need to get your head out of the sand, 
  free healthcare came around after ww2 buddy, 
  scotland yes , gibraltar no, 
  oh wow when you put it like that this is so so much more than just an eu vote, 
   ca n't even refute the fact that he 's a terrorist sympathiser  being this retarded, 
   restrictions on height are doing it the right way lol no . 
  one of the reasons dublin has insane rent and is sprawling so badly is the retarded 11 story height restriction, 
  pkk are terrorists . 
  end of . 
   legalising weapons haha jesus christ . 
  weapons are not illegal in europe they 're just harder to get your hands on you tool, 
  you guys can bet with gold, 
  https://twitter.com/goldenkrant/status/745994047546761217 he has apparently died, 
  really hoping this is true, 
  yeah alright lad, 
  fuck it after tonight i 'll take the title . 
  i 'll take the fucker home with me france here we come baby the uk can fuck off, 
   committ ** ed ** yes , in the past and that has nothing to do with how they 're viewed now . 
  if anyone thinks the british army are terrorists they 're a retard, 
  i 'll preface this by saying that the pkk is every bit a terrorist organisation and the turkish army should crush them by any means necessary however the links between the pyd and pkk are tenuous . 
  they have the same parent organisation yes , ( i think ) but from what i 've seen i just ca n't label the pyd as terrorists . 
  you will see it different as your country has seen many deaths at the hands of the pkk do i think we 'll disagree here, 
   the west bomb al qaeda that are fighting isis w. . . what ? 
  you think this is a bad thing ? 
  huh , i did n't realise the eu forced these people to cross the mediterranean etc i respect msf but this is ridiculous, 
  the benefit of staying is the economic growth the uk is currently experiencing . 
  and freedom of movement . 
  and the enhanced political power . 
  and the trade deals if you vote to leave it has been guaranteed you wo n't get any eu benefits . 
  if that 's what you want then by all means vote leave , you are well within your rights, 
   fearmongering waffle if you ca n't see that that is exactly what the leave campaign is then your head is too far up your own ass you 're like those retards at r/conspiracy who ca n't explain their arguments with any coherence so they just shout `` watch the video man i swear , it all makes sense '' . 
  seriously i think the eu might actually be better off without people like you in it, 
  nope he 's in his own pockets, 
  oh my i think this is the first time anyone called the us not relevant you 're a funny guy , you might have a career in stand-up, 
  got ta love a bit of dubya i mean , horrible presidency but pretty nice guy . 
  spends his days on his ranch painting now from what i 've seen . 
  not very good paintings but still, 
  maybe he should 've done a bit of research before posting then, 
  he did n't even know that the flag is the flag of europe not only the eu quite clearly a troll post and also the sheer amount of non eu posters here , i mean is op retarded or something ? 
   implying turkey is n't already a shithole, 
  i doubt my laptop could handle those games i am however reading a good book that features a-h , ` ring of steel - germany and austria hungary at war 1914-1918 ' . 
  solid so far and i miss the old dual monarchy, 
  i can still mourn the austro hungarian empire from ireland, 
  1918 worst year of my life, 
  why not italy or something then ? 
  they 're a bit closer, 
  one of our mp 's actually wanted to use our foreign aid budget to buy an aircraft carrier good old ming flanagan i think it was, 
  why france ? 
  most irish people honestly do n't care about ni would we like to see a united ireland at last ? 
  of course do we still despise the brits in their current form for it ? 
  i think in a pinch it could be arranged for multiple countries to host it . 
  france and germany , poland and the baltics , v4 , spain + portugal , uk + ireland etc etc it would be an absolute nightmare to do but it is certainly possible to be done i think . 
  that would be an extreme scenario but as i said i think if it is hosted in russia , there would be no trouble . 
  the russian police do n't have any regard for troublemakers, 
  shit sorry yes i completely misread, 
   2018 world cup ~ ~ the two are not in any way related . 
  there is no curling ultras or figure skating hooligans . 
  there will be very little trouble in 2018 and the russian police will be very happy to crush any dissent ~ ~ ~ ~ if they were hosting the next euros then fair enough but they 're not ~ ~ edit : forget that i misread thought you meant the olympics for some reason, 
  for anyone who does n't bother to read the article and wants to blame this on hooligans , he died after falling 8 metres from a promenade onto a rocky beach, 
  that 's not true for all in the west my dream one day is for the eu and russia to be close friends and partners . 
  independent partners ( unless russia will one day join the eu ) but close friends nonetheless . 
  i know it probably wo n't happen but a man can dream our 2 countries can be friends, 
  eh , the amount of police wo n't deter people who really want to protest tens of thousands of police did n't stop euromaidan in kyiv 2 years ago, 
  the orlando massacre was absolutely disgusting , over 100 casualties , the worst terrorist attack in the us since 9/11 all thanks to one crazy fucker he 'll burn in hell hopefully, 
  and then the french show up and you 've got a classic allies bonanza, 
  looking from 2000-2014 roughly it 's amazing how far russia came in all aspects of society . 
  it 's a real shame putin decided to go down the strongman path and make russia go backwards : / russia could be a friend to the west right now but unfortunately it 's not, 
  and there was not a single policeman inside the stadium . 
  not one i mean the french have had years to prepare and especially considering this is post paris , what the hell is going on ? 
  terrible organisation and security , absolutely terrible, 
  reports of russian fans attacking england ones as soon as the game ended inside the stadium ... 
  disgraceful behaviour, 
  its a joke, 
  classic turkey the / s wo n't save you here lad, 
  does n't change the fact these people are absolute scum and should n't be allowed to attend any more matches, 
  calling it constantinople,
