  http://shootingtracker.com/wiki/mass_shootings_in_2015 there 's been 158 mass shooting in the us so far this year ... just because you do n't hear about them all does n't mean they did n't happen, 
  hmm , what country is on the news every month about a dozen kids being shot ... 
  hey at least there 's not school shootings every few weeks, 
  seeing as the first 3 turned out so well , why not ? 
  the merkelreich begins, 
  looks like it 's up to us and france to keep europe young, 
  too late comrade , the russians want tans, 
  are you seriously bringing up apartheid in relation to refugees ? 
  god damn nordic circlejerk, 
  fuck , sorry about that it was some turkish lad on here yesterday you were in the / r/ireland thread right ? 
  i 'm not descending into alzheimer 's am i, 
  sure you were very pro immigration in the / r/ireland thread earlier . 
  some of you idiots live in a fantasy world edit : i 'm an idiot, 
  that still leaves 45 % that do n't belong here . 
  the situation we see in calais with ramshackle camps rife with crime is just the start of it . 
  the crisis has really started to ramp up in the last year or so , and where will we be in another year ? 
  we need to think ahead and come up with other ideas to tackle this . 
  it is unfortunate what has brought them here , and genuine refugees should be welcomed until they can return home , but europe is not africa 's safe zone and we are not required to take them in looks like we just have different opinions \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  thousands of people adds up to tens of thousands then hundreds and millions . 
  europe can not handle these people and that would cause an econoic crisis like you said, 
  thousands of illegal immigrants flooding europe each day is n't pressing ? 
  okay buddy, 
  it 's a pressing issue for europe , why should n't we discuss it ? 
  having a different opinion = ignorance ? 
  you 're the only ignorant one here, 
  we refer to travellers as gypsies sometimes but the two groups are distinct and the hatred varies depending on where you are . 
  just friendly celtic banter, 
  i ca n't say i did n't expect it but it saddens me nonetheless . 
  great actor and he lived a good life rip, 
  this needs to be updated with the t-14 armata for russia, 
  * t\u00e1 , an bhfuil cead agam dul go dt\u00ed an leithreas * yes , europe is a multilingual place and its nice to see it here, 
  the new sidebar looks verrryy nice ( eu blue best blue ) and the flairs are much better . 
  please go ahead with this, 
  the mighty western claw wait till russia builds a giant bear trap as their military hq, 
  england and germany already have the infrastructure and could host it at very short notice i believe, 
  best behaviour lads the mods are watching, 
  america arms the '' moderate '' rebels , russia gives ak 's to whoever the fuck wants them, 
  its obvious is n't it ? 
  china and russia are modernising their armies as we speak and will be extremely powerful in 20,25 years time . 
  russia is up to its old tricks again , and while it 's all happy go lucky trade deals with china , who knows where we 'll be in 30 years ? 
  we ca n't rely on the us anymore , we need to be a powerful player on the world stage, 
  * this just in , russian migrants spotted crossing the mediterranean *, 
  off topic here , but if the war did n't happen , do you think yugoslavia would still be here today ? 
  the balkans are confusing and i do n't know much about the region, 
  i was getting salty for a second there , good job i recommend you for a mod position asap, 
  do n't forget he 's a moldovan living in america pretending to be a serbian nationalist lmao, 
  completely agree , why is an american a mod of / r/europe in the first place ? 
  especially one who everybody hates, 
  remove / u/crnaruka and / u/davidreiss666 and this will all blow over . 
  simple as, 
  celtic tiger 2.0 baby, 
  oh my sweet jesus christ bosnia, 
  seeing as they did n't bring it to a public vote i 'd imagine they 're keeping internal and waiting for it to blow over, 
  the new controversial mods were removed, 
  there 's this country called belarus in the way and ukraine + baltics would be defending poland, 
  ireland is 12.4 % http://www.rte.ie/news/business/2014/1124/661969-tax-pwc/, 
  enda kenny 's awkward handshake with obama http://www.irishcentral.com/news/politics/obama-leaves-enda-kenny-hanging-in-awkward-handshake-moment-video.html, 
  yep , along with stormfront / r/europe is targeted heavily, 
  some people probably mistook this for a pro gay marriage group, 
   is there anywhere where jeans , sunglasses , a leather jacket with an american flag , and an electric guitar do n't make you cool ? 
  yeah it 's called the rest of the world, 
  if we sink the boats they wo n't be stressed anymore, 
  * fun facts brought to you by turkey *, 
  well at least he did n't compare anyone to the nazis ... oh wait he did, 
  a moldovan living in america who pretends to be a serb nationalist on reddit sounds like the start of a bad joke, 
  apparently all the mods agreed to bring him in and when they were confronted about it , they backtracked saying shit like `` well , being a liar and a nationalist does n't mean he ca n't moderate well '', 
  sources report the kremlin has been flooded with angrily worded letters, 
  you get an honorary place in the 2015 russovision, 
  who 's up for another crusade lads, 
  give financial incentives to have more babies i do n't see how that could turn out bad, 
  kiss ass, 
  i think the 100 million people that watched it care, 
  and then russovision is created the only contestant is russia so now they get 12 points every time xaxaxaxa, 
  and you got 1 point from us as well , went as expected really, 
  of course serbia gets 12 points from montenegro, 
  i thought it was more the lib dems who pushed for it, 
  the gay iron curtain, 
  sinn f\u00e9in do participate in stormont, 
  not as long as the dup are in power, 
  ah right , thanks, 
  why is slovenia 's act wearing headphones ? 
  i feel extra european tonight russia 's is actually quite good , nice to see they did n't get booed like last year edit : though they were going to show a picture of hitler on the wall during that famous austrians thing, 
  was n't even a good song . 
  they 'll get pity votes, 
  does n't affect my life , so they can do whatever they want, 
  you do n't need to be under threat of invasion to have a respectable military . 
  besides , it would at least help our peacekeeping forces in the middle east and we could more effectively help our allies, 
  i wish ireland would do something like this , our defense forces are pitiful . 
  i can understand not having a heavy army , after all we are an island , but our navy is a piece of shit for the size of our waters . 
  do n't get me started on the '' air force '' ... 
  what country are you from ? 
  i ca n't tell from your comments, 
  if the people want to join russia , then do it peacefully and legally . 
  kiev is the legitimate government , like it or not and by your logic any country can annex part of another because `` the people want it '' you 're just repeating the same things the kremlin says, 
  at this stage the military is the only thing stopping the rebels from taking mariupol and creating a land bridge to crimea, 
  so ukraine should let russia annex its territory with no retaliation ? 
  i 'm not saying ukraine was in a good state before russia interfered , russia made it much worse than it had to be, 
  do you really think the rebels have gotten to this stage without the direct help of russia ? 
  this war would 've been over a long time ago without russian interference , not to mention the annexation of crimea, 
  yep , the west does n't want to say it but assad 's the best option,
