   racist baiting lmao . 
  also , french is n't a race, 
  hasakha is not the last government city in rojava a lot of qamashli is still under government control, 
  why the fuck do you care so much ? 
  the fact that this small minded bullshit is upvoted shows what r/europe has become, 
  can confirm , in ireland you are asked your religion, 
  f a t b o y, 
  til that the ira = the irish state thanks for finally clearing that up buddy, 
  you 're not talking about public security , you 're saying a woman crying makes her unfit for her job, 
  it literally says attacks against binoculars are not prohibited . 
  you have no ground to stand on here, 
  muh , muh tolerance, 
  because israel allegedly warned erdogan of the coup ? 
  stop being so sensitive jesus ca n't we make jokes anymore ? 
  yes it was, 
  just like those chem trails right, 
  woah watch out guys we got a badass over here please do n't hurt us mr tough guy, 
  til rt reporting it = it 's true you truly are a master of the press, 
   john oliver if i wanted a clown i 'd go to the circus, 
  you 'd know from experience yeah, 
  get out of here with your stupid american date system, 
  i remember last summer when all we did was curse refugees ahhh simpler times, 
  fianna f\u00e1il is the only one unfortunately and i 'll never vote for them, 
  alde all the way , they represent my views very well would consider the epp but depends on the candidate, 
  just accept that you 're wrong lad, 
  you 're not funny, 
  you 're wrong . 
  these are `` fans '' rioting because they were refused entry to the fan zone cus it was full, 
  he 's not asking for compassion dumbass, 
  clearly not seeing the thousands that answered his call to the streets and confronted ( and won vs ) the military, 
   implying turkey would ever have joined anyway, 
  erdogan seems to do whatever he wants , and with the support he has now after this failed coup ... well let 's just say that anything is possible, 
  the people launching this coup * are * extremists, 
  2016 is the year of crazy shit when was the last time so much happened ? 
  fuck me lads jesus christ, 
  i think there 's reports that a solders told someone that the country under military power definitely not erdo men https://mobile.twitter.com/mustafaselanik3/status/754040114209255424, 
  seeing as the air force has joined the coup i 'd say a good chunk is on board, 
  [ mfw ronaldo had it right all along ] ( https://m.imgur.com/itutk?r ), 
  if they have the backing of the air force this could well be a successful coup d'etat, 
  https://twitter.com/ejmalrai/status/754047733359644672 tanks at istanbul airport apparently, 
   unprecedented have you ever heard of the british east india company or the dutch one, 
  erdogan might be erdogone soon, 
  turkish pm said it is a coup attempt by an arm of the military istanbul has soldiers in the street and ankara and istanbul have jets and choppers flying, 
  that 's scary as fuck why would they fly so low ? 
  a show of force ? 
  yep this is definitely a coup if this is true turkey has some troubled days ahead, 
  oh fuck this is looking really bad the military has finally started to depose erdogan ? 
  i thought he had them tight ... 
   long term it is a losing battle isis will not exist in 2 years tops in its current form . 
  islamic extremism will always exist yes but this so called caliphate will be turned to dust, 
  hostage situation has been confirmed to be a rumour, 
  i know it 's a stupid question but why why do they do this . 
  just leave europe alone you pricks, 
  why are the anti monarchists always so salty, 
  trolls used to be funny, 
  the real question is will theresa be able to uphold the bantel ( banter mantel ) that dave has left behind in pmq 's ? 
  i 'm worried for the future of the commons, 
  if you have to `` worry `` about your foreskin you have bigger problems in life, 
   mass unemployment of the lower class i am sick of seeing this bullshit spouted around . 
  when manufacturers moved to asia 15,20 years ago , was there mass unemployment and destruction of the lower class ? 
  no there fucking was n't because more jobs were created, 
  you got it !, 
  congratulations lad , you deserved it, 
  `` the moths did this '', 
  northern ireland, 
  where is the eu mentioned in the op ? 
  nowhere you tool, 
  civ 6 de valera edition here we come !, 
  i think brian boru or de valera as a leader would be quite good . 
  de valera is a controversial figure but an important one , especially if ireland was to be a more modern civ . 
  of we were ancient then boru collins would be a cool intelligence or military advisor imo, 
  i think ireland is kinda thrown in with the celts . 
  who have bouedica as their leader so no we have 0 representation in civ, 
  i dunno about you man but i 'm quite happy in my extremely stable eu economy, 
  fianna and fine are not pronounced the same in any way, 
  at least iceland can always be happy with the fact that they have the best fan chant in europe, 
  snape kills dumbledoor, 
  you know which side is right my friend, 
  he says , without linking any, 
  yes , butter imports are too expensive now, 
  so a 5x increase is nothing to worry about then carry on lads !, 
  someone on reddit thinks it 's fine, 
  that sounds kinda fascist, 
  calm down you twat, 
  there is not a single major political party in ireland that advocates for an eu referendum ergo , the map is bullshit, 
  juncker is going to make europe graeat again, 
  yes because juncker banned all informal talks not a huge surprise, 
  seeing as it 's an airport it 's more likely to be isis pricks are at it again, 
  this is just classic juncker banter i 'm gon na miss him and farage tearing into each other in parliament, 
  are you retarded ? 
  i did n't realise that if i flew my countries flag i would be attacked for racist . 
  i suppose everyone who came to the euros to support their country should be shot , right ? 
  i am sick and tired of you brexit tools spewing shit . 
  seriously fuck off nobody wants or likes you, 
  to be treated like this ? 
  you do n't know anything about farage do you . 
  he has had nothing but contempt for the eu all his life and while i respect him he deserves to get a taste of his own medicine, 
  farage rekt by juncker, 
  nicola is married to scotland, 
  labour did n't lose anything really , they increased their percentage of the vote .
