  oh not this bullshit again alright bro , keep living in your fantasy land where the pkk , an actual terrorist group , is the same as the ypg , one of the few groups actually dedicated to fighting terror unlike your country , which provides arms and free passage to terrorists it 's not `` that simple '' , if anything here is simple it 's you, 
  the pyd/sdf is not a terrorist organisation . 
  please give me examples of terrorist acts perpetrated by them, 
  you 're trying too hard, 
  yeah for people who do n't like them , they sure do spend an awful lot of time talking about them more than anyone else in fact, 
  \u056f\u0561\u057f\u0561\u056f\u0565\u056c pronounced katakel according to google, 
  you did n't answer his question in the slightest, 
  my local lidl has a bakery . 
  it 's pretty good quality too, 
   ireland is n't growing well do you even economics ? 
  7.2 % growth baby, 
  the girl you sent looks like someone who obsesses over amine i.e a weaboo, 
  r/europe in a nutshell nowadays, 
  should i be constantly locked in my house because isis say they want to destroy my country ? 
  the last attack was also 19 years ago iirc mate get a grip, 
  last in the eurovision , first in tanks good enough eh germany ? 
  you say that but after australia got their points i thought they would win as there was no way ukraine could get over 300 points , but they did, 
  i hope you 're joking we were absolutely dogshit i 'm glad we did n't make it to the final, 
  yeah the russian song is n't exactly the most inspired and sergey 's voice want the best last night ( watch the music video or a different performance for his song i think he sounds much better or listen to his other music ) but the popular vote is the popular vote people complain about block voting but the last 3 winners have been denmark austria and sweden and this was just ukraine as a big fuck you to russia . 
  still though great contest this year . 
  i voted for russia , the netherlands and austria so i 'm glad at russia 's high placement and popularity whilst disappointed the other two did n't do as well, 
  so who do you think deserved to win then ? 
  he 's not, 
  the people 's winners in a way, 
  i voted for russia , austria and the netherlands australia or ukraine did n't seem very good to me , it 's pretty obvious why ukraine won , it 's all politics, 
  eh , i think the same happened last year . 
  a million voices was arguably a better song than heroes but the juries wanted to spite russia but this year they were 2 very different songs so i dunno personally i think it should be public voting only , a small group of people should n't hold the same power as all the people of europe , israel and australia, 
  they need to bring lena back, 
  if vote for him du hast mein vote till, 
  fuck me that was nerve wracking in the end between russia and ukraine , i love the new voting system, 
  i think the netherlands has a great chance this year , he has one of the best performances by far, 
  i liked it, 
   grab your towels and come together haha already getting the sexual innuendos in there i like it, 
  it 's literally an article about scotland economy shrinking cool your jets, 
  those bastards chose the wrong country to mess with wait for them to start crying when russia rains down hell on them in syria, 
  what exactly have you done for us ? 
  inb4 saved your asses in ww2, 
  repost due to automod not allowing links to twitter to be submitted [ direct link to video ] ( https://twitter.com/ivansidorenko1/status/847534936676597761 ), 
   scary brown people are going to genocide good white europeans lmao, 
   r/europe  why do people care about what happens in europe i swear some people here have some sort of mental deficiency, 
  those two are looking a bit fascist there bud , what do they even represent ? 
  what 's the point of choosing some rando symbol that no one knows lol, 
  not the hero europe deserves , but the one we need, 
  considering ryanair does n't fly to america , no it 's not, 
  this is the second time this has been posted in the last day seriously , piss off and stop fishing for upvotes, 
  where did i say he was n't a corrupt prick ? 
  i know very well what he did , yet he still presented himself the best out of all of them , which says a lot about the quality of his opponents, 
  greek names sound like something you 'd put in a bowl to make the room smell nice, 
  shit you 're right actually i remember now he was saying `` you think the french work too much , look at the romanians '', 
  fillon and melenchon are both presenting themselves very well i think . 
  hamon just a more moderate melenchon and not nearly as exciting macron is under quite a bit of heat for his business connections , especially from hamon . 
  le pen is le pen really , although quieter than i would have thought i 'd say fillon is currently doing the best , sounds sensible and reasonable, 
  something something look how little those lazy romanians work !, 
  no , more like pkk terrorists felt the need to start suicide bombing civilians again like the cowards they are, 
   no heavy weapons lmao you really know nothing about syria do you ? 
  look up rebel tow videos and try and say that again : ^ ), 
  if you think john oliver is funny you should apply for a moderator position on r/hillaryclinton, 
  he 's not bragging , he just linked the fucking wikipedia article , jesus christ why are people like you so needlessly hostile ? 
  nice and moderate protesters supporting terrorists, 
   turks  white interesting, 
  we will then be at the stage where russia is in the council of europe and turkey is n't where did it all go wrong, 
  i would agree with that yes , and she has even less of a mandate given that she did n't even lead the conservatives into the last election, 
  no , the reason they returned 56/59 mps is because of fptp, 
  my lord you 're right ... 
  the republic is maybe half ish of what it was pre famine population wise land ai n't cheap here by any stretch , it 's looking like anyone under the age of 25 wo n't own a house for the next 30 years ... 
  this would n't be a problem if ukraine did n't break the rules last year with their political song oh well , fuck evil russia amirite ? 
  sergeys pretty hot tbh , i 'm not surprised if the gays love him, 
  they think he 's funny because he makes a joke of himself i assume , it clearly does n't look like op supports what he says, 
  fuck off for not giving 2 shits about the environment , noise pollution , congestion , and calling people who want better infrastructure socialists more like, 
  yeah , lets ban all news, 
  erdolf has quite the obsession with nazis tbh i bet my left ball that if poland does something to piss him off he 's gon na say `` polish death camps '' . 
  i guarantee it, 
  they got lost and ended up in the wrong terminal is all, 
  not murder , more like take really bad care of them to such an extent that the mortality rate was 5 times the national average, 
  telling us that we do n't follow up ... then linking a source in french nice one, 
  30 meters is a ` mere ' increase ? 
  trump lost by like 2.5 % in the popular ... 
  rest in peace italian beauty you were too good for this europe, 
  yes this half in half out shebang we 've got going on at the moment clearly is n't working . 
  either we go all in or all out if we want the eu to become a credible world force , more integration is needed . 
  especially fiscally and military , two things that can only happen in a closer union, 
  i did n't even notice the town in the background till i read this, 
  president le pen bans opposition parties do n't fuck this one up france , please, 
  so the speaker , an elected member of parliament , is n't allowed to exercise his democratic right to vote in a referendum ? 
  who cares what he does outside parliament , as long as he 's impartial on british politics inside it what 's the problem, 
  the good thing about the ` free state ' name is we can call southern taytos free staytos , as opposed to those dirty protestant ones up north, 
  you 're clearly an expert on bullshit so you should keep going my friend you 're an interesting fellow oh do n't worry i wo n't, 
  where did i call myself a specialist ? 
  you were replying to his comment , that 's how reddit works ... 
  yes , it was an accident . 
  the ruaf and tuaf are working together around al bab plus the syrian army is just south of the city so russian jets were of course going to be there and putin apologised only hours after the fact, 
  this brings the total taf casualties * just for this assault on al bab * to about a dozen dead and close to 40 wounded total casualties for the campaign so far are about 50 killed and well over 100 wounded if i remember correctly, 
   shows picture from history  you 're rewriting history !, 
  ok there mr west brit, 
  waheyy for state sponsored british terrorism !, 
  what are you on about ? 
  he 's telling you you 've got your timing completely wrong , which you have, 
  except the serbian government knew about it and border guards let the murderers cross into bosnia, 
  because the serbian state supported the murder of the heir to the austrian throne and refused an austrian investigation into it they were asking for war and they got it . 
  thank russia too for their support,
