same in serbia , i want to leave too . 
  what do you care about white supermacist say or do ? 
  if you do n't like europe then move . 
  you do n't see any european flags like this in pakistan , turkey or any other country that 's not european so why are you so butt hurt ? 
  pakistan and turkey are not european , that 's why . 
  yes , but they can skip the eu part , germany ca n't . 
  because norway is not in the eu , so they do n't have to justify to anyone when they are hiring someone outside norway . 
  what diversity ? 
  people here move to the city to have sex , drink alcohol and soke cigs , but then when they come back home they are perfect little angels . 
  we do n't have black people or other color here like you do . 
  not true about jobs , at least here in serbia . 
  people are in fear that they 'll be alone so they move to the city , but they still feel empty . 
  not in serbia , not everyone is tech advanced like denmark . 
  and when the oil fun 's out ? 
  in serbia we still use people for most land work , not everybody is tech advanced . 
  all of serbia is also moving to cities , villages are dying . 
  why would you live in a polluted city when you can enjoy fresh air and other stuff in a countryside . 
  so who 's going to feed us when all of are living in cities ? 
  so who 's going to feed us when all of are living in cities ? 
  serbs as well want to move to germany , not uk . 
  we need people to move to villages not cities . 
  because it would give them an advantage in europe , what about kaliningrad ? 
  read what is need it for russian citizenship . 
  are you stupid ? 
  we would become russians if we joined them and serbs on kosovo would be considered russian as well and have you seen what russia is doing when there is a russian minority ? 
  if kosovo is part of serbia and we join russia then entire serbian territory is russian . 
  i do n't do drugs , but i support their legalisation . 
  no , just russia . 
  kosovo is a part of serbia and when we join russian federation what do you think russia will do on kosovo ? 
  we had a death penalty in serbia , but we had to remove it , because of you westerners . 
  you did and look what it got you , more banana republics in europe . 
  you would rather bomb us who are europeans , but you defend islam , what will you do when we join russian federation instead of eu ? 
  you 'll have another security threat in europe . 
  they can chose witch country they want . 
  everyone should be armed . 
  you westerners really live in a bubble , they are dropping something off . 
  so it 's ok when it done with other european countries , but not with others ? 
  then to north korea , somalia etc. 
  and jet only people who get the papers are the ones who will never integrate . 
  how do you know they wo n't take them ? 
  if they wo n't then bring back death penalty , simple . 
  bring back the death penalty . 
  they are dropping something else , but it 's same principle . 
  you mean like usa and eu are doing all the time with serbian airspace , russians do it too , but we `` consider '' them brothers so it 's ok . 
  eu and usa are pretty good at demanding from countries a lot and giving little in return . 
  drop them in somalia or some other lawless country by plane or whatever without papers and then delete the papers from the system so they ca n't enter the country . 
  please do , they probably do n't consider them self your nationality , they will tell you that they are serbians and we do n't consider them serbians . 
  you should see corruption at borders they will be back soon enough . 
  you 're to relaxed with integration of immigrants . 
  use military airplanes for that `` cargo '' , fly over and drop them with parachute . 
  that 's why you load up and dump , plain and simple . 
  we had one guy from serbia that wanted to give up his serbian citizenship , but no other country wanted him . 
  if these radicalized people do n't like it so much here they should leave , there people who are more than willing to take their place . 
  not my problem , i like your second solution with parachute . 
  i need a ton of papers to move to some other european country and they are abusing the system . 
  deport them to north korea for all i care . 
  they should be sent to their parents country of origin . 
  translation : in the center of subotica , close to the hotel patria , late last week , three migrants physically attacked two 16-year-old boy s.s. and d.s. 
  who were trying to help them find shelter . 
  according to the girls , the same age of one of the boys , who on that day was with him in the company of a group of high school students is around 21:00 h stayed in the park ferenc rajhla when they were approached by three migrant . 
  constantly we gather in the park behind the jadrana . 
  we were not alone , there were a lot of young people , when we arrived three migrant asked us where they could spend the night - said for our site girl m.p. 
  ( 17 ) - two brothers from our company have tried to explain to them , but they did not understand , they went with them to the hotel patria . 
  the girl with the rest of the company remained at the jadrana , and after a few moments , one of the brothers s.s. came slit and bloody head . 
  all distraught he told us that he bent down to tie the laces , and it 's one of the migrants took a scalpel and cut a part of the head and ears . 
  then they ran away . 
  his brother went to fetch water , we tried to stop the bleeding and we called an ambulance - recounts further incident girl - emergency immediately took the injured brother , while another gave a statement to a police officer , who arrived when the ambulance did . 
  he was terrified and in shock and injured brother was immediately taken to the hospital . 
  because of this event , a group of young people no longer meets the culture place at the jadrana , but by the green fountains . 
  the children claim that they no longer feel safe in their city . 
  i think we 've seen yesterday walking around the city center , which means that nobody did nothing . 
  the brothers have recovered , but they do not want to speak publicly because they are afraid , and we are in fear . 
  children in this city are no longer safe , and nobody reacts - adds visibly shaken girl . 
  in subotica pd they have confirmed that the incident in which three migrant assaulted two minors , one of whom is injured has happened . 
  the police immediately went to the scene and informed about all the competent basic public prosecutor . 
  the faces have not yet been identified and taken all the measures and intensive work to shed light on this case - say in pd subotica . 
  an ambulance brought the injured man in the general hospital , where he was admitted to the violation of the right side of the neck and ears , and a minor violation of the knee . 
  head injuries are caused by a sharp instrument , and knee during the crash . 
  after the injury repaired boy was released home and was told to report for a check upl of the ent department , but also a psychiatrist after he suffered an attack - say in the hospital . 
  i 'm coming too , do n't worry . 
  it people in serbia are leaving too ... 
  i 'm at the end of august , but it 's expensive when you 're unemployed . 
  you guys ask for level b2 before coming . 
  i have bsc in electrical engineering and still have to learn b2 before coming . 
  i did my military service in serbia we are . 
  paid yes , but i do n't speak german language i thought to learn that after coming to germany . 
  i would , but i want to integrate not to get on welfare . 
  ffs i ca n't even get to germany through military . 
  yes , but i meant others and you can be sure that there the same number of ilegal serb as there are legal . 
  we would too if we could work in eu . 
  they tried , but money still went missing . 
  we have a big corruption problem and all of us young one are leaving . 
  if the bucket is leaking would you buy it ? 
  he should 've paid a prostitute back home , what he was stupid . 
  thank you , i 'll bring you some homemade rakija . 
  we 're all coming . 
  i 'm learning it too . 
  if any finn want 's to trade place for 90 days i 'll happly give them my place . 
  have you housed some refugees ? 
  have you done military service ?
