  actually , i 'm from austria . 
  getting a new sim is not a problem , i am just wondering if i should bother or not and if this happened to anyone else . 
  did you try dual sim ? 
  how does that work ? 
  2 . how is responsiveness - some claim opo is more responsive than opt ? 
  3 . how is build quality compared to opo ? 
  also , what are your thoughts on the notification switch ? 
  is it easy to flip by accident ? 
  any down sides on two ( except for software and nfc ) ? 
  edit : you probably should remove/blur the picture ... you just shared your phone number with the world , 
  you went from nexus 6 to opt and software and the screen are an improvement ? 
  please elaborate , as those are the two things that i think are way better on the nexus 6 than anywhere else . 
  i doubt that you will be able to buy it immediately after the event . 
  it usually takes a week and rumours are that this year it will be available on 6 . 
  yes , but they seem pretty consistent , the only thing we do n't know now is the price ( and the screen was just confirmed to be amoled ) . 
  yea , but the alternative is 6p with practically the same specs , ugly design and more expensive , or waiting for next year ... 
  really ... this was the only good explanation for the bumps on the back ... what the hell , google ? 
  that is 730 $ !, 
  this better be a mistake ... 
  buy two and sell one when you get back ... you will get half of the price of the plane ticket ... 
  you really think this price difference will be for 6p only ( if the source is reliable ) ? 
  to the people who downvoted : that was sarcasm . 
  so , you are saying i can go to ethiopia and buy it for 20 $ ? 
  and why is then the price in portugal same as in luxemburg/germany/uk / switzerland ? 
  there is no android m update for nexus 4 . 
  can we also expect nexus devices like nexus 6 , 5x and 6p to only have updates for 2 years now ? 
  also , how does the charging speed compare to nexus 6 ? 
  krishna kumar : you really should n't ski and drink at the same time . 
  why do you do that ? 
  ( had to include a question  ), 
  price is 20 % higher ( exchange , tax and all things considered ) - you really think they expect 20 % of the devices to fail within the second year ? 
  that would be worrisome ... 
  yes , but not on the new nexus phones - they still use usb 2.0 . 
  bad android modifications , and slow updates ( what all manufacturers do ) are a deal breaker , so for me , nexus is the only android phone . 
  the price of 5x and 6p would not be problematic , but the price difference between us and eu is a slap in the face . 
  i 'm not saying i want a 10 $ flagship - just do n't insult us with fewer features ( no 50 $ coupon , no project fi , no google pay ) for an unreasonably higher price . 
  if nexus phone next year is not at least decent and with fair price , i am switching to apple . 
  do n't get me wrong , i hate apple , but i see no other option . 
  bad android modifications , and slow updates ( what all manufacturers do ) are a deal breaker , so for me , nexus is the only android phone . 
  the price of 5x and 6p would not be problematic , but the price difference between us and eu is a slap in the face . 
  i 'm not saying i want a 10 $ flagship - just do n't insult us with fewer features ( no 50 $ coupon , no project fi , no google pay ) for an unreasonably higher price . 
  if nexus phone next year is not at least decent and with fair price , i am switching to apple . 
  do n't get me wrong , i hate apple , but i see no other option . 
  i 'm giving android one more shot - i bought a nexus 6 ( 2014 ) yesterday . 
  i am a programmer , and like to set things up the way i want ( lower dpi , have empty desktop , set my own gestures for different features , ... ) , and android still has the edge here . 
  but i 've been to the apple store and if they had let me try it for an hour ( to try setting my accounts , bluetooth in my car , install some apps that i use ) , i would probably buy it right there . 
  cca 5 % higher, 
  iphone 6 is 549 $ - considering exchange and tax , it is 590 $ , they sell it for 629 $ , which is 6,6 % more . 
  for comparison :, 
  nexus 6p is 499 $ - considering exchange and tax , it is 537 $ , they sell it for 650 $ , which is 21,0 % more . 
  not even considering the 50 $ coupon , which would make 483 $ after tax and exchange in us vs 650 $ in eu -  34,6 % more !, 
  ( this is just the price , not counting for missing fi and pay ), 
  as i said in another comment , i now bought a nexus 6 ( 2014 ) , but next time i am in the market for a phone , i will seriously consider other options . 
  it is not about the money , just do n't take us for fools . 
  i guess you are talking about the moto x style ? 
  it is more expensive than the nexus 6 ( 499 $ vs 459 $ ) , while the nexus has amoled , better gpu , bigger battery and direct updates from google . 
  yes , of course . 
  any idea how to enable double tap to wake ? 
  manager does n't work ( it shows empty touchscreen tab - i guess the setting should be there ? ), 
  i 've seen a couple of different terminal commands , but none work so far . 
  oh , so dt2w does n't work with just a flag ? 
  / system could be a problem :d i had to put a symlink for the hosts file :d, 
  it probably depends on the implementation ... but the m builds are based on the original code , so it would n't work if they intentionally disable it ( or just mess it up ) . 
  but this is just a guess , as i do n't know how dose works exactly . 
  ok , so what this app does is write `` auto '' to / sys/bus/i2c / devices/1 -004 a/tsp . 
  i tried it , and it works . 
  thanks , 
  distruptor has tp , chen and puck do n't . 
  chen is behind their tower and lvl 5 , so no ulti . 
  also , this is an all pick practice match , and my friend started playing a month ago , so there are inexperienced players in game . 
  i do n't think that is the case . 
  the pixels are dead in columns ( either all pixels in a column work or none of them do ) . 
  so the first letter can not be b ( and it is not necessary the first letter ) . 
  more or less ( # is unknown , ? 
  is anything ) : ??? #er # ?? fe #x ? # ?? 
  i was looking at similar lists too , and could not find a match , but none of the lists were complete . 
  if it helps anyone : it is a 2003 530da with a lot of equipment . 
  i will get it . 
  i was hoping someone would be able to recognize the error , as that would be faster . 
  i saw this , but the list appears to be incomplete , as i can not fins a match . 
  in the error from the day before yesterday , there is an x which is not present in any of the messages on the link , and it also does not include any non-capital letters . 
  i am starting to doubt that the error is even in english . . it could be in german , as the default language was german , and the system could have been reset ... 
  dragonite is no . 
  using 320 here . 
  no problems at all , ui switches to tablet mode ( much more useful imho ) . 
  this might not be for everyone , but if you have good eyes , and are a power user , i really recommend it . 
  of course it depends on how you use your phone . 
  maybe helpful : i 've had this dpi setting for a year now . 
  before that ( on other phones ) i normally used 240 dpi on 1080p . 
  well , for pixel c , nexus player and nexus 9 so far . 
  but as source code is being uploaded ( https://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/4z68pe/source_code_of_android_nougat_is_currently_being/ ) , this seems to be an ongoing process , 
  easier ... maybe ... but you get an upgrade . 
  if you want a fresh install , factory images are much cleaner . 
  those who got the update ota on 2015 nexus devices are reporting battery issues ... could be related ? 
  it does seem weird . 
  why does every news say nexus 6 has the update ? 
  no ota and no image yet . 
  yea , a bit ... my nexus 6 recently cracked ( a straight crack on screen while in pocket , the glass bends outwards - never dropped , not scratched , still under warranty , both display and touchscreen still work without a problem ) , and customer support is refusing any help ( they want to charge for even checking if the crack was caused by a drop , and they state that they so far always determined that the customer cracked it ... so good luck with warranty ... ) . 
  i got a nexus especially because of no bloatware and fast upgrades - when nougat was released for 5x and 6p , i flashed the factory image ( was on chroma rom ) and enrolled in beta , in hopes on getting the update soon . 
  i am now still on beta with bad battery and performance issues , i do n't want to waste time setting the apps and customise as i can expect an update soon \u2122 and will factory reset anyway .
