  this has been a big disappointment . 
  when the next nexus is released , i will probably get it , but it better have no problems , or it will be my last android device for some time ... 
  i do n't like iphone , but at least there i know what i can expect . 
  go to settings , about phone , software update , 
  n6 has no update whatsoever , no ota , no factory image , beta gives you just that ... a beta version . 
  my nexus 6 recently developed a crack while in front pocket ( never dropped , not even a scratch on the phone ) . 
  the phone is still in warranty , but customer service is plainly refusing any help and even want to charge to inspect it . 
  i 've had a number of problems ( roaming in home network ( i had to manually enable data roaming , and disable it every time when i went abroad ) , data dropping when gps on , bad battery throttling , ... ) , for some reason google is disabling included features ( notification led ? 
  ) , and now this ... 
  i opted in for beta after ota for 5x and 6p in hopes of getting an update ... now i have an unstable , unconfigured phone ( do n't want to waste time setting up my apps and settings as i can expect the final n soon \u2122 ) ... 
  i will get the pixel xl when it is released , but if it causes any problems , i 'm ditching android for iphone ... i do n't like ios , but at least you do n't have to deal with bullshit like this ... 
  oh , and i forgot about the funny prices in eu . 
  if price in eu is again unreasonably higher , i am ditching google this year ... 
  i do n't think you understood what i wrote ... let me summarize my points :, 
  - phone broke in normal operation , and i got no help from support , even trying to charge for inspection ( illegal in eu ), 
  - ( ever since the beginning and still present on latest stable ) roaming in home network ( fixed in beta ), 
  - ( for a couple weeks while on stable ) data dropping when gps on ( appeared in silent update , fixed with silent update ) - you can check nexus6 subreddit , a lot ( if not everyone ) had the same issue, 
  - ( ever since the beginning and still present on latest stable and beta ) bad battery throttling when battery below 50 %, 
  - ( ever since the beginning and still present on latest stable and beta ) plainly disabled notification led, 
  - ( ongoing ) no n update - today we even received a new 6.0.1 image , but still no n, 
  - pricing ... 6p launch price was 499 usd and 649 eur ( ~ 730 usd ), 
  all of this is regardless of beta . 
  with beta i was just hoping that nexus stands for fast and reliable updates - it looks like having a nexus does not guarantee that anymore ... 
  let me try one more time :, 
  - bad spport, 
  - buggy network detection, 
  - buggy gps and data, 
  - bad performance while battery below 50 %, 
  - disabling features for no reason, 
  - unreliable updates, 
  - significantly more expensive in eu, 
  let 's be honest here ... iphone 7 design is not a breakthrough either ... 
  can someone explain this : https://www.reddit.com/r/trackers/comments/5f5bme/whatcd_alternatives_megathread/dalqhco/, 
  pth got 10k `` perfect '' flacs , but 6k torrents ? 
  and there are now 10k fewer releases than artists ? 
  i am comparing data in the two posts :, 
  perfect flacs : 55k -  65k ( 10k difference ( `` got '' 10k flacs ) ), 
  torrents : 132k -  138k ( 6k difference ), 
  makes sense ... 
  i was wondering why it was stuck at 55.393 for so long , 
  yea , i 'm not a native speaker , sorry about that . 
  you think there are so many of such releases ? 
  this would have to offset for other artists who release dozens if not hundreds of releases ( beatles , pink floyd , queen , ... ... . . ) . 
  currently only if you know someone who is already in and has invites . 
  otherwise you will have to wait , and check forums on other respective trackers . 
  i just got an invite for apollo , but when creating the account , my username was already taken . 
  so , i chose another username , and after i logged in , i checked the status of my username - `` joined : 1 week , 1 day ago , last seen : never , disabled '' . 
  so , just for fun , i tried logging in ... and it worked ( with my wcd usermame/pass/email ) !, 
  i never registered to xanax/apollo before , have no invitation/confirmation emails from before today . 
  what is going on ? 
  did this happen to anyone else ? 
  am i going mad and i actually registered , but forgot ? 
  yes . 
  i registered with new user , checked the old , saw it was disabled , tried to log-in ( got the disabled warning , had to enter email , got the confirmation on email in a couple minutes ) , it was re-enabled , and i could log in . 
  i now have two user accounts ... one 1 week and 1 day old ( that i never registered for and have no emails from xanax/apollo ), 
  and one created just now that i have the invite , and confirmation email . 
  and i just noticed : both accounts are now registered under the same email . 
  two accounts with different usernames , created a week apart use the same email . 
  i was with my gf when xanax had opened registration , and only found out about it when it was already closed . 
  i definitely did not register . 
  the voices are saying i 'm not mad , and i trust them . 
  thanks for the warning ... i asked about this on their irc before even posting here - i talked with two admins , but they were not very helpful ... 
  this also happened to me . 
  in my case , one of the two accounts was deleted , but unfortunately it was the one that i used ( the other account had 0 upload and download ) . 
  when i asked if it is possible to re-activate my account or to restore uploaded torrents or buffer , they ( mod named x ) deleted the other account too . 
  he blamed me for not notifying them sooner ( i did talk to two mods on irc the moment the account was created , and asked for help ) . 
  i posted here when this happened : https://www.reddit.com/r/trackers/comments/5f5bme/whatcd_alternatives_megathread/daqwupp/, 
  tldr : if you suddenly can not login , go to their irc and take whatever they offer . 
  do not ask for your account or stats to be restored . 
  hey there ... yea , had a really nice chat with the mod ... 
  i guess pth wins this round ... 
  btw , for anyone reading this ... i was on #help for 7 hours when a mod ( do n't remember the exact nick started with `` a '' , cca 8 letters long , some numbers at the end ) just kicked me ... i rejoined , and he told me to go to #disabled - where i waited some more time ( not sure how long , i guess 30-60 minutes ) . 
  there , another mod ( x ) showed up and told us to ask him for permission to pm him - then after some time , i got to chat with him , i explained my situation , and told him that i feel that this was not my fault , that i did alert them of the double accounts , and that i was only using one of the accounts . 
  he gave me two options :, 
  1 : use the empty account, 
  2 : loose both, 
  i told him that i would like to use the account , and asked if anything can be done about the buffer since the fl is over - he just perma-banned me and deleted the account . 
  this disconnected me from irc , so i do n't even have the logs . 
  if i try to connect to irc now :, 
  - irc.apollo.rip - *** you are permanently banned from irc.apollo.rip ( not.welcome ) . 
  email help@apollo.rip for more information . 
  after so much freeleech on apollo , i really doubt the ratio there will have any significant meaning ... 
  check settings -  general -  storage & icloud usage -  manage storage, 
  glad to help . 
  what did i win ? 
  i hope you are a troll , but just in case you are not , i will reply : they are travelling at that speed relative to you , but not relative to each other . 
  at those speeds , both time ( slowed down ) and space ( compressed in the direction of movement ) are distorted . 
  not entirely true . 
  the galaxies will indeed be moving away from each other at speeds faster than light ( actually they are not , but the space is expanding at that speed , which from our perspective might as well be the same ) , but the light will always reach us . 
  this is already the case with cosmic microwave background . 
  what we see at the moment as cmb is actually outside the observable universe . 
  the galaxies will move away and be out of reach , but scientists of the future will be able to see them , although very ( very ) red-shifted , and we will never see their future , but will appear locked in time with ever slowing time . 
  also when we speak about the galaxies , we will not be talking about `` milky way '' , `` magellanic clouds '' , `` andromeda '' , ... but local galaxy clusters will remain gravity bound and will merge in super galaxies ( consisting of hundreds or thousands of today 's galaxies ) into objects similar to ic 1101 . 
  apparently they have a working demo , and is now reported by 9to5mac . 
  really giving me hope for iphone 8 . 
  my post for reference :, 
  long time windows user here , and am pretty good with computers , but have very little experience with mac os so far . 
  i got a macbook air ( early 2015 ) from my father , and now i would like to set it up . 
  the computer has my father 's settings/accounts/files ( he migrated everything to his new computer , so i can clear everything ) . 
  how do i reset the system ?
