i 'd argue the point that hopefully with all the technology easing our livelihoods that we may have the time to enjoy and perfect a craft or an art ? 
  it is difficult for me to join in with the bilingualism being a brit , but i do n't think it is unnecessary at all . 
  part of what i love above europe is the multitude of beautiful languages . 
  it is as wonderful to see them written here as it is to hear them when passing through streets and caf\u00e9s and pubs across paris or prague or budapest , you know ? 
  thanks for answering !, 
  just the regular east anglia , but like you , life has made me feel like i belong to mlre than one place , both scottish and english . 
  i only chose the saltire because sadly the st. george cross and the union jack just make me think of the bnp and edl these days . 
  that is a very accommodating offer , thanks . 
  but for me , the saltire will do just fine . 
  i realise you may have just been trying to back up your point with an example but do you actually live near the scottish or welsh border ? 
  i come from east anglia ( far from the borders ) and have always wondered how people living on the border decide to define themselves as belonging to either england or wales/scotland . 
  why does cornwall get a flag but none of the other counties ? 
  thanks for the congenial feedback !, 
  what brought you to london ? 
  and how were you able to stay for 3 years ? 
  i assume getting a visa is pretty difficult from the states . 
  are you studying here ? 
  london is n't quite like the rest of the country , but that 's not a bad thing . 
  i feel like people just do n't like being represented by london when there are a lot of cultural niches around the rest of the isles . 
  but kudos for your travelling . 
  you 're right about reddit being a stupid place for teenagers to make puns . 
  it is pretty cringing to see all the top comments over at / r/worldnews and i 'm glad to have found / r/europe very recently . 
  the topics feel much more relevant to me . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is n't a bad place to be either . 
  wait , i feel like i 've been mixed up in something uncouth here . 
  i was n't saying that you should n't frequent this reddit nor that you do n't belong here . 
  i was just wondering your motivation for doing so . 
  in fact , i 've stayed clear of the rest of this topic , regarding / u/theapplemansam and everyone else , i have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  i just thought i 'd take the opportunity to see your interest in european politics . 
  i believe this should be an open world , both on and offline , please do n't feel like i 'm purposefully being unwelcome , that was n't my intention , sorry if that came across badly . 
  are you from east anglia ? 
  84 % voter turnout . 
  people with flags in windows and stickers on cars and badges on lapels . 
  marches in the street , open debates for weeks , public forums . 
  no matter which way the vote swung , scotland showed it 's appreciation of democracy . 
  people really cared about the political realm they were in and their own ability to shape their future . 
  how beautiful that is . 
  went there 2 years ago in march and it was covered in snow . 
  one of the most enchanting places i 've ever seen . 
  also , got to see wes anderson directing some of the grand budapest hotel during my stay there . 
  ever worked ? 
  well ... how do you say that ? 
  if we get our independence , it 'll be very close in polls . 
  people have become very vocal about it in the last few weeks . 
  thanks for the support !, 
  i guess that is all the czech media you get . 
  i guess it has its uses !, 
  woah , limburgish !, 
  you speak a language i 've never even heard of . 
  german is basically in the same family as c # , let 's be honest . 
  you taught me the world sociolect , so thanks for that . 
  the uk does have a lot of interesting dialects and accents but we 're very stuck in our monolinguistic way . 
  i was amazed in belgium seeing people switch between french , german , dutch , flemish , it was amazing . 
  then i saw it happen in switzerland , austria , germany , all over . 
  we have a lot of diverse cultures here , especially in london , but for most of the uk we 're not so diverse in language . 
  maybe i have a skewed perspective , i grew up in a very rural area . 
  yeah , swahili is pushing the boundaries of europe just a little . 
  this blew up a lot more than i expected . 
  does anyone know of a good way to extract this information so i can post it of the most common languages ? 
  / average amount of languages known ? 
  maybe you just do n't like talking to people in the languages you already know ? 
  push for the welsh !, 
  the uk is such a boring place linguistically . 
  i 'd love to see scots or gallic in scotland and cornish and welsh . 
  we should be pushing for these instead of letting them die out . 
  the isles would be a much more colourful place . 
  oh wow , someone else who is n't slovakian but is learning slovak . 
  what made you try it ? 
  seems like an anglophonic curse . 
  japanese is a really fun language . 
  i did n't list it here because i was focusing on european languages but i know the basics . 
  the sub of / r/learnjapanese is very useful and active . 
  i 'd suggest it !, 
  good luck . 
  nah , i was just curious . 
  i know some slovaks who feel very under confident in czech even though they are rather similar . 
  i assume maybe if you 're on the slovak/polish border or slovak/hungarian border , you grow up with a tendency to those languages instead of czech ? 
  it is just how the [ common european framework for languages ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_european_framework_of_reference_for_languages ) works . 
  not sure why . 
  what is the difference between cypriot and standard greek ? 
  it would be easier if i had the accents on this keyboard . 
  no problems with your english at all . 
  based on that comment alone , you could pass as native . 
  interesting . 
  c2 slovak , but no czech ? 
  are n't they really different ? 
  yeah , i 'll leave this here for everyone else , just in case : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_european_framework_of_reference_for_languages, 
  2 - 6 is a massive variable , but understandable . 
  when you learnt english/german ( whichever was n't your mother tongue ) do you think it helped a lot with dutch ? 
  my girlfriend is slovak . 
  i am hoping to impress her family , to be honest . 
  and it is a good excuse to learn a new outlook on language . 
  i did german in high school and it feels similar . 
  my girlfriend seems to be able to speak to poles/czechs/croats just using her slovak , so i 'm hoping it 'll help me branch out . 
  at least i know now where all the papers get their polling data from . 
  what is the yes/no swing like in glasgow at the moment ? 
  i know the yes campaign is more outspoken overall , but there is hardly any no thanks presence here in edinburgh . 
  c2 english , b1 french , a1/a2 slovak . 
  until this poll came out i did n't even know yougov was something we 're apparently meant to take seriously . 
  i just thought it was yet another politics website with little weight .
