  why is it important ? 
  is there a significance to the onions or just a quirky holiday ? 
  do n't counties have separate councils that enact by-laws ? 
  would it have been historically easy to bake in winter ? 
  surely everything would be scarce ? 
  sounds fun though . 
  that sounds like a very noble reason to celebrate . 
  if i was to come to slovenia on pre\u0161eren day what could i expect there to be happening ? 
  first constitution in europe ? 
  that feels important to know , it may be on a pub quiz one day . 
  you have n't offended me , it just seems like the conversation suddenly took a turn i do n't understand . 
  but it was n't important anyway . 
  i feel like i 'm missing something ... 
  i was n't expecting the crayfish party , that 's a fun new bit of knowledge !, 
  is there a reason for the ` and children ' part ? 
  seems like two very different reason to be celebrating . 
  yeah , i know that , my tiny village of about 300 has its own coat of arms , it is a nice historic curio . 
  but sometimes there are more reasons to use them than others , the whole reason i have the scottish flag is because i supported independence . 
  but my comment asking is now at -5 so i think people interpreted my question to be a lot more hostile than i meant it . 
  that 's fair . 
  although every county in the uk has a flag , some like st. piran 's of cornwall is much more recognizable because they have retained much more of their identity , even some of their own cornish language . 
  i do n't think many people in the uk would recognize the county flags , they 're not really used very much , just flown above town halls usually . 
  i was n't trying to be antagonistic , just curious . 
  obviously we all use the flag we use because that one represents us best , but i was inquiring more about the flag and maybe its connotations . 
  why does that region have its own flag ? 
  is that a modern thing or historical ? 
  do those people not feel romanian ? 
  i 'm unsure , so i 'm asking . 
  the eu flag can be used as a sign of solidarity or of eu federalism or just because you do n't like your national flag ( the flag of st. george for example is tarnished in the uk by right-wing nationalists ) and i just wondered if there was anything special about the transylvania flag . 
  oh of course , i choose the scottish flag because i feel like it represents me more and obviously you pick that flag for the same reason , but i wondered if there was anything special about it . 
  is transylvania more independent politically/culturally than the rest of romania ? 
  or historically much different ? 
  i do n't know very much about the region . 
  do all regions have their own flag ? 
  or is it a special aspect of transylvania ? 
  again ignorance , but wwhy not use the romanian flag ? 
  what is it like there ? 
  i enjoy cities and i saw a cheap flight there the other day . 
  much to do ? 
  worth a visit ? 
  friendly people ? 
  are you able to get by in either english or french ? 
  or do people only speak kyrgyz ? 
  going to be ignorant here and ask what your flag is . 
  what pubs do you go to ? 
  why is it a tourist trap ? 
  when i went last year it was easy and quick and cheap to access and we 'll worth taking the time to see . 
  what did you do then ? 
  i drank and partied like other 18 year olds but there is enough time in the day for culture and learning too . 
  although i agree that when you are forced to do that stuff in school it becomes forgettable . 
  i would have been at 18 , would n't you ? 
  here you go : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdoi0cq6gzm&amp;ab_channel=saveourspit, 
  it does n't matter where those people have come from , they 're in the hands of the us now , surely they should be given the same justice as anyone else ? 
  i 'm sure you 'd want an american to have a fair trial no matter what he did , no matter where the court was . 
  if it takes a good lawyer to get off from crimes , then the game is rigged , because the poor suffer more than the rich . 
  how is that fair ? 
  when you privatize the prison systems , laws will always be lobbied into place to increase that profit . 
  the poor in the us and the coloured are much more likely to be imprisoned because these people are the easiest targets . 
  all those people got trials ... 
  except anyone in guantanamo right ? 
  and having a trial does n't mean anything if the game is rigged from the start . 
  they had trials in soviet russia too . 
  there is clearly profit to be made incarcerating people in the us which means lobbies will always be set up to make the incarceration rate as high as possible . 
  if you 're interested in learning how to recognize japanese in future : the word itself is made of three kanji \u65e5 \u672c \u8a9e of which the first two when placed together like \u65e5\u672c means ` japan ' but separately mean ` sun ' and ` foundation ' . 
  like ` land of the rising sun ' . 
  the last kanji just means ` language ' . 
  not just iran either , turkey , jordan , egypt . 
  i know those at least from first hand experience . 
  i 'm sure other countries are cool with alcohol too . 
  but did n't the article say he was a pensioner there ? 
  i did and i would again . 
  whatever happens , take everything people say about those issues with a pinch of salt . 
  in the scottish referendum everyone went on and on fear-mongering that scotland would never be part of the eu . 
  now two years later and uk is considering leaving the eu , they must have known they were planning this back then . 
  how would double citizenship work ? 
  sounds like you 'd have to pay a lot of taxes . 
  that 's understandable . 
  i 've never even heard of south tyrol , after looking it up it sounds interesting . 
  do people ever speaking of becoming independent ? / joining with austria ? 
  you do n't have a flair , where are you from ? 
  or rather , where is canederli from ? 
  why is n't sweetbread sweet bread ? 
  :( do you have much in the way of pastries and nice breads in italy ? 
  ... was that a joke ? 
  but it 's strange that they had n't changed opinion with the times , do n't you think ? 
  well , it is easy for me to say that . 
  maybe in 40 years i 'll be stuck in my old ways too . 
  thanks for posting this , i thought i 'd seen most of hitchens . 
  but this this was a new one . 
  semi-related , is there a word like ` racism ' that just means prejudiced against followers of religion ? 
  i 've met a surprising amount of old people who are suspicious of chinese people as tourists , wondering why they are always taking pictures of things , as if we 're still in the cold war or something . 
  oh i see , well , of course they 're not . 
  no one is . 
  there will always be factions or outliers . 
  i thought he meant they were different cultural/ethnic groups that just decided to take on the same moniker for mutual gain or something . 
  actually , you do see people leaving inner cities in droves in the us . 
  you have one of the largest suburb/metro area ratios in the world . 
  i 'll understand if you want to take that with a grain of salt , if i can find the source for the info i will . 
  interesting !, 
  if kurds are not one identity , why are they called ` kurds ' instead of separate names ?
