  i was surprised to hear so much of it in the last few days . 
  you in scotland at the moment ? 
  where do you live ? 
  in edinburgh people are getting very vocal , lots of yes and no posters in windows and badges on lapels . 
  how is it where you are ? 
  i am living in edinburgh and have been following it very closesly . 
  if it comes to a yes majority , i doubt it 'll be much more that 51 % of the vote . 
  it 'll be close . 
  a few days ago [ yougov ] ( http://yougov.co.uk/news/categories/scottish-independence/ ) posted a poll in which they gave yes a 2 point lead . 
  i think it is the only reliable poll to indicate a yes majority thus far . 
  although i saw over on / r/unitedkingdom that yougov misjudged the alternative voting referendum we had in 2011 by 18 points . 
  so it is hard to know who to trust . 
  where is france in this scenario ? 
  why is everyone acting like france has left the eu ? 
  to put this a little more in perspective : slovakia was surrounded on all sides by the axis : hungary , austria , poland ( as part of germany ) . 
  if they chose to fight against that , they would have been obliterated . 
  for the sake of their people , it was the only choice . 
  if someone wants to make a thread about the different trams of european countries or mailboxes or something similar , i 'm all for it . 
  why would they make their own instead of going to better ones ? 
  that does sound a lot like the authorities are using the refugee 's desperation to trick them into going anywhere but the station . 
  quite clever actually . 
  it 's sad to hear that the camps are full of trash . 
  i know that should n't be my utmost worry but i really like budapest and it is sad to know people could be making a mess of it . 
  actually , ghana was a british colony , but pretty much the rest of west africa was a french colony and speaks a lot of french , so there is that . 
  those are all fair replies that i had n't considered , i admit . 
  so anyone in budapest right now , what is the situation like away from keleti ? 
  at 0.45 the guy repeats ` fatigue , fatigue ' so maybe he thinks he 's in france ? 
  okay , i admit that that is a sad reality i had n't fully considered , but surely someone is looking after them ? 
  i do n't really know what is going on there but unless we have some wolfskinder situation , someone must be looking out for them ? 
  what other cities are there ? 
  when i wanted to travel out of of hungary to slovakia/romania/austria / serbia all the trains were from budapest . 
  some of those tents look nicer than hostels i 've stayed in around europe and happily paid money for . 
  but why are they just sitting there ? 
  if those are kids and teens , where are the parents/guardians/elders ? 
  timisoara station is really dismal for such a beautiful city . 
  when i arrived there late at night after some harrowing trains from belgrade i thought `` what the hell have i got myself into ? '', 
  after a 5 minute stroll the city is beautiful and friendly and well organized . 
  hockey is huge . 
  the week of the world cup and everyone went crazy . 
  i wonder how possible it would be to have no locks at all , just use whatever bike you want . 
  probably lead to them all getting into disrepair maybe . 
  that is an amazing photograph . 
  is that the univerzita komenskeho behind him ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/2boqzq/the_breaking_uk_vip_paedophile_scandal_what_we/ ) is a good thread on the matter for anyone interested . 
  i realize it was posted in / r/conspiracy * but * all the links are to actual uk newspapers such as the telegraph , the independent and the guardian . 
  it does already exist , but they may be making an entirely new rail , either because it is easier/cheaper than repair or as a rival line . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.interrail.eu/plan-your-trip/interrail-railway-map ) is a european train map showing it and all the other train lines , if you 're interested . 
  the title of the article is `` the british left 's ... '' in which the author has grouped all the left together . 
  i 'm british , never understood the game at all , so go on , give it a try . 
  is the chinese company repairing the current belgrade-budapest line ? 
  because one already exists . 
  it was n't a bad journey either . 
  cider is n't beer though . 
  oh cool , i 'm going to check it out next time i 'm over that way . 
  been to mosques in turkey and egypt before , never even considered the one on my doorstep . 
  how can you can cut through it ? 
  i thought it was closed off with fence/buildings ? 
  you mean between clerk 's st. and appleton ? 
  is it always open ? 
  never really considered popping in before . 
  yeah , lived in edinburgh near there and i 've never heard it . 
  do czech people also get free access ? 
  if not , is n't there some discrimination going on there ? 
  gypsies in czech republic go to swimming pools ? 
  never seen that in slovakia . 
  i doubt they have the money . 
  to back this up , the missionary position by hitchens is a funny and scathing book on the evils of mother theresa for anyone interested . 
  what are they ? 
  you have a turkish flag so i may as well ask you . 
  what 's going on with turkey ? 
  why do you have such a monster like erdogan in charge ? 
  how did that come about ? 
  the only turkish history i know is about atat\u00fcrk and it really seemed like he put the republic on the right track to secularism and education and modernisation ( maybe i 'm wrong ? 
  ) , what happened between then and now ? 
  the country seems very nationalistic and it has a lot of media control . 
  is that accurate ? 
  really cool map , thanks for the link . 
  i hope you get the investment you need in infrastructure . 
  i would love more international train routes across europe . 
  much better than flying and driving . 
  possibly but i think i have high expectations , i really enjoy travelling by train and have done it all over europe , so i know the competition . 
  swiss trains were also wonderful but nothing compared to japanese shinkansen . 
  have n't been to sweden yet though , maybe your trains are better !, 
  welcome to the uk . 
  admittedly i never went to berlin , these were from strasbourg to frankfurt and dresden . 
  who hires these people ? 
  do n't they need papers to be hired ? 
  how does the uk repeal laws ? 
  what is there process ? 
  i thought we just added new contradictory laws atop old ones , i thought that was the idea of the precedence system ? 
  the only time i travelled in germany was by train and the trains were amazing , second only to japanese trains . 
  quick , cheap , reliable , comfy , clean , safe , well mannered train guards , everything . 
  why does anyone want more roads ? 
  with a system as good as that , why not just encourage more use of public transport ? 
  do n't keep it to yourself !, 
  definitely put it in the public domain and give it to wikipedia . 
  this stuff is great . 
  well , til , thanks . 
  that 's actually very interesting . 
  what is the difference ?
