  how about a shot of guiness in an ouzo ? 
  can we get a map with is coloured by how many categories a country is placed into ? 
  thanks for clearing that up !, 
  thanks for the information , do you think it will be solved by independence or would that make it worse ? 
  much appreciated , thanks !, 
  i do n't want to look like an idiot but can someone explain how i am meant to read this ? 
  i 'd never heard of the esm before , hence the ignorance on the matter . 
  and now i know why i have n't heard if it at least ... 
  why is n't the uk part of this thing ? 
  it 's a no !, 
  so , if catalonia and basque want to be more autonomous does that mean they are currently less autonomous than the other states or just that they have a more different culture ? 
  sorry , i did n't know the terminology to use but thanks for clearing that up . 
  out of curiosity , how do you feel about immigrants learning hungarian ? 
  a lot of immigrants to the uk luckily know english and at least it is n't too difficult to pick up , the same can be said of german or french as we have a lot of language colonies around the world but hungarian is such an isolated language and a difficult language that it seems so improbable that any immigrants will come to the country knowing how to speak a single word . 
  honest question from someone who knows almost nothing about spanish politics : is there ever any serious talk about the break up of spanish states ? 
  other than catalonia are the other states happy in the union ? 
  rereading my comment it was ruder than i wanted it to be , sorry if i caused offence . 
  i suppose it is sentimentality but you 're right it is a shame , those were probably nice villages once upon a time , filled with happy communities . 
  would it matter ? 
  obviously there 's nothing for people there or else the population would increase . 
  maybe it 'll be a pristine bit of nature ? 
  i think it was because they were nomadic horse riders . 
  nah , it used to be part of czechoslovakia . 
  this is n't my area of history . 
  after pitt said that , did much of the map of europe change in the next decade ? 
  seems impractical getting from one claw of the building to another . 
  the ` english ' picture is of scottish architecture . 
  ( and maybe someone else will point out that the ` spanish ' architecture is catalan ) . 
  in the last panel , what is the red/white x shaped ball ? 
  missed the red roof part . 
  0/10 , reapply to architecture school . 
  wales and ni have hardly changed at all . 
  half his votes rely on that haircut . 
  go fuck with all their stuff but they repeal the law . 
  czechoslovakia is back eh ? 
  did something drastic happen to croissants in 2002 in paris to make that date relevant or do you just mean you have n't bought one since they switched to the euro ? 
  shame they 're all so expensive . 
  i guess it is only a month or two until the steam summer sale starts . 
  thanks !, 
  what game ? 
  in case you 're interested , this is called [ ` synedoche ' ] ( https://www.google.sk/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=define%20synecdoche ) . 
  where one word , like the name of a country or a leader can refer to the government administration or a larger body . 
  yes , i suppose i have . 
  my whole life i 've never heard thrall used as a word in it 's own right . 
  but enthralled is rather common . 
  we use it to mean ` captivated ' ( which also has connotations of slavery now that i think of it ) but i guess i never thought to break up the word as en-thrall-ed and look at what ` thrall ' actually means . 
  ah okay , thanks for clearing that up . 
  a very good explanation . 
  never seen a fortified church here in slovakia , maybe i should go looking for one in poland . 
  saw a wooden fortified one in romania . 
  how far did you get ? 
  my slovak is very slow but it is improving slowly . 
  cases and gender are particularly tough but i can recognize etymology from german and latin which helps a lot . 
  another redditor mentioned ` nica ' is equivalent to ` of ' so that 'd explain that then . 
  but slovak has other words that end in ` nica ' for buildings , hence the mix up i suppose . 
  in # 2 , the church one . 
  it says that lithuania and latvia use baznica ( or thereabouts ) is this related to pivnica which means ` cellar ' in slovak ? 
  what is the ` nica ' route ? 
  some connection there ? 
  edit : follow up question : why does poland/slovakia/czech use ` castle ' to mean ` church ' ? 
  please teach me some more slovak etymology . 
  makes this stuff much easier to learn . 
  enthralled . 
  finally get that word . 
  can this be stickied with big red letters ? 
  or else everyone will just forget . 
  the east of slovakia is ridiculous , except for roma , did n't see any non-slovaks for months . 
  not even just a lack of black people , no tourists or europeans , nothing . 
  super homogeneous . 
  went to budapest for a one of weekend trip this year and stayed for a month . 
  so if it is anything like that then i 'll love it.maybe i should check out sarajevo too . 
  people watching is always a favourite . 
  what is the house of khinkali ? 
  i 've been looking for a cheap holiday to explore , this post has made me think i i should do a tour of caucus capitals . 
  what is tbilisi as a city like ? 
  all this nature is beautiful but i love a good city ? 
  is there much life there ? 
  well , i did n't think so but i 've met many swiss , dutch , belgians etc. 
  that know 4/5 + languages . 
  7 is n't much more of a stretch . 
  what is life in vojvodina like ? 
  the wiki says you have 7th official languages , are you expected to know all of them ? 
  do you teach them all in schools ? 
  why was austria so late to the westernized party ? 
  i like how you say they do n't have a strong identity after giving them a strong identity !, 
  but thanks , that clears that up . 
  so why are you sharing a state with them ? 
  thanks for answering !, 
  while i 'm asking questions i may as well as this : the country is called bosnia and herzegovina , who are the herzegovinians ? 
  are they just bosnians ? 
  interesting , so nowadays how many bosnians are muslims ? 
  if you 're a non-muslim bosnian is that important ? 
  also , are bosnians and bosniaks synonymous ? 
  sorry if this is at all offensive , for such close neighbours i have absolutely no idea about your history . 
  i 've tried reading up about the break up of yugoslavia and the nato bombing but i really do n't understand all the figures at play . 
  probably a stupid question but what does the lime coloured ` muslim ' group mean ? 
  the rest are divided ethnically not religiously . 
  can you explain why berlin would be so poor ? 
  surely the density and importance of the capital would bring in a lot of money ? 
  everyone just calls it bonfire night .
