  what about the swedish ripoff ? 
  well helping male rape victims , is a pretty feminist thing to do . 
  i ca n't help you with the muslim dictatorship though . 
  or at least half the population . . 
  many nations have changed radically since wwii . 
  we have had people winning seats by this method in sweden by themselves picking a party writing in their own name , and checking it . 
  no , anarcho syndicalist . 
  anarchism is all about not forcing people to do stuff . 
  it is hard to coordinate all western countries to act in union . 
  whatever nation is seen as pushing the issue , is going to be the nation that gets the cold hand from turkey . 
  no the king has a purely ceremonial role and has no place in the military hierarchy ( except as an honorary admiral and general ) . 
  well was n't our last minister of defense prosecuted for revealing state secrets , when he said that we could n't hold the country for more than a couple of days ? 
  if i where a minister of defense i would n't repeat that mistake . 
  that would be true no matter what you do with the money . 
  in this context efficiency does n't mean generating profit . 
  it means advancing science as much as possible for a fixed amount of money . 
  visa was allready required for swedes visiting saudi arabia , so no . 
  sure . 
  maybe i misunderstood you . 
  i thought you where criticizing democracy . 
  it is the same thing . 
  when the politicians starts to trust the scientists more , the scientists feel a sense of power , and lose their objectiveness . 
  there once was a group called the technocratic movement , that tried to do this . 
  they thought ( correctly ) that scientists seems to make much better decisions than politicians , so we should just put them in charge . 
  but it turns out that when you do this the scientists starts acting as politicians . 
  if you give people political power because they have a degree in biology , that will just politicize the process of getting a degree in biology . 
  suddenly there is going to exist incentive for powerful groups in society to prevent people with uncomfortable political views from getting a biology degree . 
  it would n't improve politics , it would just ruin the science community . 
  it depends on the position . 
  you also need to have somebody look at the credentials . 
  how are you going to choose that person ? 
   i 'm a programmer - design decisions made by experts usually work out a lot better than design decisions made by a group of people - by consensus . 
  yes , but having the decisions done by experts hinges of having a method for finding out who are experts and who is not . 
  the oecd report actually says the opposite . 
  it seems that the `` common sense '' actually is n't true in this case . 
  ** inequality ** hurts economic growth . 
  it seems like income inequality actually is n't that good for economic growth : http://www.oecd.org/newsroom/inequality-hurts-economic-growth.htm, 
  there is no claim of separation here . 
  and you can use google translate . 
  i do n't know why the article is written like that . 
  it does seems misleading . 
  but they do n't practice segregation . 
  if you go to the hospital itself there is no talk about `` women 's clinic '' or `` men 's clinic '' . 
  it is simply an emergency center for victims of rape . 
  but yeah there is still sexism in sweden . 
  but now at least there is one hospital that is treating victims of rape equally . 
   i think the system is still sexist . 
  why ? 
  thats not the case . 
  why would you think that ? 
   when a raped man nowadays seek care at the s\u00d6s emergency room , he is immediately brought into a private room . 
  often he has someone with him , or else a nurse is left with him . 
  the men are never left alone . 
  i think that it is true in the sense that this is the first emergency center , in sweden at least , that has explicit competence to deal with male rape victims . 
  yes , the article is rather misleading . 
  until i started investigating for myself i definitively thought there was two separate centers . 
  i ca n't find anything about rape specifically , but in the last general survey 2.4 % of women and 0.2 % of men reported being victims of sexual violence during 2013 . 
  and about 1400 women reported being raped to the police , in comparison to 100 men . 
  the later group does probably have lower rate of reporting . 
   why open a male-only clinic if that was done ? 
  its the same clinic , only with added competence for male victims . 
   why not simply open the women 's only clinic to men on an equal basis ? 
  that is what they have done !, 
   of course given men raped as often as women the fact that they saw so few male victims implies an extreme discrimination against men in how they advertise their services . 
  i do n't think there is anything that suggests men are raped as often as women in sweden . 
  but yes , there was a problem in that the center where only advertised towards women . 
  it was an emergency center dedicated to female victims of rape , but they did admit male victims as well . 
  the difference is that they have now specialist competence to deal with male victims and that they have made it clear that the emergency center is open to anyone regardless of sex or gender . 
  i do n't know if the former operation violated eu law . 
  it very well might have . 
  but i do n't think the new center does . 
  ( of course there are other rape centers in sweden that are not that forward . ), 
  it was an emergency center dedicated to female victims of rape , but they did admit male victims as well . 
  the difference is that they have now specialist competence to deal with male victims and that they have made it clear that the emergency center is open to anyone regardless of sex or gender . 
  it turns out i was mistaken . 
  the same center is apparently open for both men and women . 
  it seems that i was mistaken . 
  men where relegated to the general emergency care until now . 
  but they were admitted to the rape center as well . 
  apparently they had about 10 men per year . 
  you know most rape centers are actually intersex . 
  its not that this is the first rape center that accepts men , its that it is the first center that only accepts men . 
  that brendan eich really does n't understand equality . 
  \u0323 ~ ~ its not illegal . 
  they have one center for women and one for men . 
  that does not count as discrimination , i think . . ~ ~ edit : the center is apparently open for both men and women . 
  unless you somehow change the outcome . . 
  what good would that do ? 
  then we would both be breaking the law !, 
  selling is legal , buying is illegal . . 
  what language is that ? 
  no wonder you do n't want women here . 
  it sounded like you called them white supremacists in a somewhat polite way . 
  yes , what is how it feels like to have the most privileged sex . 
  how would you know if an issue is sex-related if you only here from one of the sexes ? 
  that nearly fits me , but i 'm already spoken for , 
  when did i talk about ideology ? 
  i said the axis wanted to build empires , the allies did n't want any competition . 
  ideology was n't even a smoke screen , that was something that came much later . 
  that said i think churchills actions was to a large part ideologically driven .
