no no , holland is the king of monaco . 
  i think we are in agreement . 
   these stamps seem to be more about the sexual aspect than the `` girly man '' stereotype . 
  being sexualized at all , is often considered feminine . 
   i think the general precondition for homophobia to ease up is that circumstances should be made so soft that the average straight guy does not need to feel like he needs to be a stone hard rambo just to deal with life , hence should feel less reason to shame men who do not fulfill these traditional stereotypes ... 
  i think it is more of a circle . 
  it is the macho attitude of one guy that forces the next guy to act all macho . 
  but , sure you have a point in that it is easier to affect social changes then people are well off . 
  minnabruna claimed that stunts like these are counterproductive because russians have a different mindset to gay people . 
  but that is n't true . 
  they have exactly the same mindset the western world had some 50 years ago , and stunt like this did n't stop the gay movement then and wont stop it now . 
  but it is not different . 
  that is the kind of attitude homophobs have all over the world . 
  they are not afraid of men having sex with men , they are afraid of men acting like women . 
  ( and vice versa for lesbians . ), 
  chalne claimed that they should n't be allowed to return at all , that it would be a waste of resources to lock them up . 
  that was the statement i refuted . 
  yes . . 
  i read it too . 
   the uk can take them back , but they should be jailed for what they 've done . 
  absolutely !, 
  they should be given the opportunity to atone for their crimes . 
  personally i am of the opinion that citizenship is something that should never be revoked , as that would undercut every right you could have as a citizen . 
  because they are british citizens , and states have a responsibility to their citizens . 
  so it is exactly the same rules as in denmark . 
  none . 
  we should protect our selves . 
  i do n't think it matters if you are formulating your hate speech through a game or a poster . 
  i do not agree with you and i am not prepared to misquote voltaire to protect you . 
   the current conviction makes him look like someone who made art that the government disagrees with i would rather say this rather skewed article in the guardian makes it seem that way . 
  it would be silly , because none of those people where killed because of their race ( or gender , religion , sexual orientation etc ) . 
  he is charged with defamation as well . 
  it seems like they tried to make the arrest more controversial by making the `` art '' less controversial . 
  yes , that is him . 
  first of all it was pictures of actual people , one of which was recently beaten up by racists , the others are active anti-racists . 
  the title was `` hang-on afrofobians '' . 
  the exhibition also had a painting with the title `` our niggerslave has run away '' . 
  if it is racist or not depends a lot on the context . 
  if this was all he did there would be no discussion . 
  you could be proud that you have unarmed police . 
  actually the opposite of non-muslim is muslim . 
  it is hard to say . 
  but i would guess that western europe would have stayed out of the war between germany and soviet . 
  the war would probably have ended the same but with the whole of germany belonging to the eastern block . 
  it is hard to say if soviet would have broken the peace with japan . 
  they probably still would have done it though . 
  it is very possible that we would n't have entered the post colonial era as fast as we did . 
  sweden would n't have the economic boom in the sixties as we did . 
  it is possible that the nations staying neutral in the eastern war would have gotten more involved in the spanish civil war than they did . 
  i do n't think soviet would have bothered routing italy from ethiopia , so it is possible that italy would have accomplished its goal of becoming a colonial power . 
  people would have seen no need to found the un . 
  racism would still be considered acceptable . 
  there would be worse relations between france , britain on one side and usa on the other . 
  the marshall help would n't be needed . 
  nato might not come to existence . 
  the cold war would probably still happen to some extent , but western europe would lean far more to the left . 
  stalin and the soviet union would have feelt less threatened , and might have relaxed it 's policies . 
  we would have less of an arms race . 
  we would n't have gone to the moon as soon as we did . 
  i would n't say they where without military ambitions though . 
  so just like it happened then ? 
  then there would have been no war in europe . 
  tectonic plates do n't define continents either . . 
  i can understand that ones aesthetically opinion is colored by the buildings history . 
  heck , i never appreciated the aesthetics of my own home town until i moved away . 
  i do n't know that you are talking about but i think this building is really beautiful . 
  it is one of my strongest memories from visiting warsaw . 
  so market to people who are afraid of water , or perhaps foreigners . 
   i 'm genuinely surprised germany and uk has so many it is mostly just high population numbers . 
  per capita the only country that stands out in europe is denmark . 
  ( with more than double the number of coasters per capita , compared to uk . ), 
  denmark has the third highest rate of roller coasters per capita . 
  after brunei and guam . 
  in my city we have a student dormitory built after the blueprint of an east germany prison . 
  we only have a little bit of summer , so we really wants to enjoy it . 
  in scania we call the rest of sweden `` norrland '' , which really is just the northern most half of sweden . 
  also `` treriksr\u00f6set '' , the northernmost point of sweden , where it meets both norway and finland . 
  it looks like [ this ] ( http://www.karesuando.se/kdo/treriksroset/roset3.jpg ) . 
  khrushchev did n't give away crimea to anyone . 
  he moved it from one soviet administrative district to another . 
  not really . 
  they where , and are , on a decline . 
  you know norway is all mountains and stuff . 
  not enough flat surfaces to play hockey on . 
  they werent close allies . 
  so i do n't think they would . 
  on the contrary . 
  if japan was having an easy time conquering south east asia , why would they want to antagonize russia ? 
  they where allied until germany broke the molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  there where really no deep hostility between the two countries , they just ended up on different sides in war . 
  it was n't that close . 
  what about japan ? 
  they were n't at war with soviet until after germany was defeated so it does n't really effect the question . 
  it amounts to something like 5-10 % of what soviet produced , so it is not nothing , but it did n't decide anything . 
  i guess sweden won as well . 
  realizing that you are actually french , i feel a bit stupid now , but i was under the impression that while you have to take a mandatory second language , it does n't necessarily have to be english . 
  it is at least optional in france . 
  most large countries i would think . 
  there are lots of small countries ( or actually languages ) there it just would n't make any economical sense . 
  love shine a light by katrina and the waves . .
