  it would have been much more profitable for britain to compromise with hitler . 
  yes but it would set a prescendent for attacking countries just because you do n't like their government . 
  in some sense the basic issue of wwii was if it ever can be legitimate for a nation to start a war of conquest , with the axis powers thinking that of course they should be able to do that , thats how all the colonial powers got in power . 
  but the allies , the established colonial powers said : no that time is over . 
  without wwii this question would n't have been decided , and germany ( not to mention italy , japan and possibly soviet and spain ) would probably want to get new colonies all the same , nazism involved or not . 
  also without being allied with germany , japan would still have the possibility to buy steel from soviet , which would have been a huge benefit for them . 
  all in all it would have been a very different world maybe better maybe not . 
  you think accusing them of stereotyping is worse than calling them white supremacists ? 
  i think it 's up to the individual states how they chose there electors . 
  thats easy to say after the fact , but there is no way that could be known for certain at the time . 
  and if they ( uk and france ) had started the war we might as well have ended up having the same discussion , arguing that if they had n't started the war nothing would have happened . 
  this is of course a sensitive issue , but gassing of jews did n't have that much to do with the war . 
  if germany had just killed the jews within its border and not invaded poland , there would n't have even been a war . 
  sweden being neutral was almost inevitable after finland got involved with fighting russia . 
  the swedish neutrality principle was tried really hard by this . 
  finland was a part of sweden for a very long time and was generally considered a `` brother people '' . 
  if anything sweden would have joined up with finland and in turn germany . 
  to enter the war on the other side , against finland ? 
  that was unthinkable . 
  yeah , some one has to go and invade those middle eastern countries . . 
  i think turkey would have to be the first step . 
  that little tiny bit has a larger population than several of the eu members . 
  it has strengthened the relations between the european member states . 
  i would also assume they do n't mean just the current union but also its ancestors going back to the european coal and steel community . 
   that said , i think asking people to use tablets instead of laptops might be a good idea . 
  why ? 
  writing on a tablet would be much clumsier and inefficient . 
  no , you just need to be an eu citizen to get free education . 
  but that is hardly unique for sweden . 
  ( i heard all europeans except the english get free education in scotland . ), 
  no , as i said it is just as far as i can remember . 
  sweden usually do n't extradite people for rape . 
  as i remember it we have had similar situations before , but with more evidence , and done nothing . 
   how would it play out if assange was n't famous ? 
  the case would probably not have been reopened , and there would most certainly never have been an extradition request . 
  sweden has never before extradited someone for rape charges . 
  and even charging someone for rape under the circumstances and lack of evidence is unusual . 
  i agree that it should be irrelevant if he is a member of wikileaks or not . 
  but really if he was n't wanted by usa , he would n't even have been charged to begin with . 
  sweden has a history of letting usa pick up people without even charging them with a crime . 
  if we ask really nicely , could you please give us the source ? 
  i do n't know specifically about the danish law but generally these laws tend to make an exception if you have a ( non-violent ) use for the knife . 
  like cutting meat . 
  so you would n't be breaking the law by just sitting at your table with the knife . 
  but perhaps if you take it with you to the bathroom . 
  what about fluctuations in population ? 
  you know technically europe and asia is even on the same continent eurasia . . actually of the regions you listed only africa is actually a continent . 
  america of course , who other is there ? 
  yeah , europe is much better at not comparing ourself with others all the time . 
   the very reason racism ( as well as sexism , homophobia , etc ) is wrong is that race is a trait you have no control over . 
  i have to point out that homophobia , is most often actually not about uncontrollable traits ( who you are attracted to ) but about acting on these traits . 
  at least religious homophobia generally has no problem with people being gay so long as they do n't live out their sexuality . 
  this is of course still a form of bigotry . 
  treating everyone the same then people are different is not necessarily fair . 
   the exception being islam . 
  nope , even the muslim europeans are getting secularized . 
  yes , that was what i meant . 
  most of the stuff ( that was supposed to imply that `` you 've been in the netherlands for too long '' ) seemed totally normal for me . 
  to my knowledge i have spent zero time in the netherlands , but apparently that is too long . 
  when money loses value guess who loses most ? 
  people with the most money . 
  if you have more debt than savings you are actually gaining from inflation . 
  and please do n't insult me . 
  ( and we have never had a pure gold standard like in usa ), 
  so you do n't think it does n't matters if a currency collapses ? 
  people can still go about their daily life using their collapsed currency to buy food and collect salary ? 
  you want a source on eberkut being hopeful ? 
  yeah , and you get even less uranium for the money . 
  but in that case could all you englishmen send me your worthless pounds . 
  in case you did n't notice , apparently your economy has collapsed a while ago . 
   maybe , but they were always exchangeable to gold , silver , some other precious metals or commodities . 
  historically there has been very little difference . 
  they usually start out with an option to trade in for gold , but in practice that is rarely done . 
  and the issuer tends to sell off the gold anyway . 
  you have to go further to before the economic union with denmark then they renamed the [ daler ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_riksdaler ) to krona . 
   prior to that people traded in actual gold , silver and copper coins that held tangible value , rather than banknotes backed by and exchangable to gold and/or silver coins or bullion . 
  if you believe that you need to read up on your history . 
  banknotes have been used since at least the 7th century . 
  it is also blatantly wrong . 
  the pound has n't collapsed for example . 
  sweden moved to a fiat currency in the 17th century , and it is still working , the same is true for britain and lots of other countries , so what is this next time you are talking about ? 
  that seems like an excellent way to give the member states more incentives to balance their budgets . 
   if female circumcision is illegal then why not male ? 
  because it is a completely different procedure . 
  they cut of the girls clitoris , thats like cutting of the forehead of a boys penis . 
  you just ca n't compare the two . 
  perhaps , but opinions change and one day you might come over it , just like you have done with a lot of other questions . 
   who will turn in their guns ? 
  law abiding citizens . 
   how will you know who has guns ? 
  the same ways you know if a suspected criminal has other illegal goods . 
   who will enforce it ? 
  the law is usually enforced by the police . 
   what congress will pass amendment to the constitution ? 
  as we are discussing how ** i ** would implement outlawing guns ( in america ) , i would guess that it is the congress there the felicia_svilling party has an majority . 
  you do n't show any reasoning . 
  you are simply citing a conclusion , and claim that it is wrong . 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  make public that all guns are illegal from so and such date , so people have time to get rid of there guns . 
  then after that date arrest every one who has a gun .
