  the posture , sitting on his knees , begging is typical for romanian beggars in sweden . 
  we have native beggars , but they are generally walking around asking for money rather than sitting in one place . 
  no , that would still be sweden . 
  ( hour power output is more or less split between nuclear and hydro ) . 
  it should , but i do n't think it does . 
  yep . 
  sweden imports 100 % of the gas we use to supply for 0 % of our energy needs from russia . 
  defence in these situations do n't aim to make the country unconquerable . 
  the goal is simply to make the cost of invading to high . 
  i would argue that as wars of conquest is so universally despised these days , its questionable if you even need a defense force at all to accomplish that goal . 
  if russia invaded finland for example , i would think the international condemnation and sanctions would hurt russia more than the resistance of the finnish military . 
  neutral does n't mean pacifist . 
  being neutral means that you are not loyal to anyone . 
  that you are ready to betray anyone . 
  that you consider all others as potential enemies . 
  a neutral country * must * have its own arms industry . 
  the only other option would be to buy weapons from potential enemies and that would make you vulnerable . 
  these days yes . 
  but really in the last few years we have not done so good on being `` neutral and free of alliances '' either . 
  generally when a country strives for neutrality it also prepares to defend it self against attackers without relying on any allies . 
  the angle of the sun affects how much sunlight per area reaches the earth . 
  with the exception of cloudiness , every part of the earth have the same amount of hours of sun , but the sunlight will be stronger closer to the equator . 
  and during the winter it does n't get light . 
  so it evens out . 
  with breeder reactors , final storage costs are not so high . 
  well , everyone already knows that the american system is worthless for poor people . 
  that it is worse even for well of people is sort of news . 
  police investigations into the matter have shown no trace of criminal organizations . 
  `` common knowledge '' can be wrong . 
  did we get federated without me noticing ? 
  i think i know every european that existed when i went to school . 
  but all these new ones . 
  yes , but no ( non european ) would be able to point out catalonia on a map . 
  the nationalists seems more nationalistic than neoliberal to me . 
  in the last election they got fewer votes than the party has members . . 
  if they ca n't read it i would n't call it * their own language * . 
  well , yes all the scandinavian languages are really scanian with various pronunciation mistakes . 
  yeah , those might not really realistically be three different languages . . 
  interesting . 
  i do n't think i have heard that in english otherwise . 
   but do you really learn english watching subtitled stuff ? 
  yes . 
  you learn slowly but if you do it every day you do learn it eventually . 
  it depends on if you want your university to be international or not . 
  as a swede studying at copenhagen university i am very grateful then classes are in english . 
  i can understand some danish as it is pretty close to swedish but of the danish lectures i have been to most have completely passed me by . 
  no not really . 
  i can attest to this at well . 
  according to my parents `` orange '' was sort of a new word then they where children . 
  often the color was called `` brandgul '' ( fire yellow ) instead . 
  a show does n't necessarily push you over . 
  a light show could just put you out of balance for a moment . 
  11.9 % foreign born population does n't seem that unusual , it is about the same as sweden for example . 
  usa has more racial segregation , meaning that people without any european ancestry becomes more common . 
  neanderthals , are already a subspecies of human . 
  you mean a subspecies of homo sapience ( sapience ) . 
  why not ? 
  you only need to have like one european ancestor out of 64 or more to have european ancestry . 
  it is a former french colony that was sort of forced away . 
  it is a nation of people who really wants to be french . 
  you should probably start in historical time ( when people started to write things down ) . 
  for europe . 
  earlier than that it becomes hard to pin down . 
  d\u00e5tid would make a nice black metal band name though . . 
  ok . then all is good i guess . 
  but is it ** salt ** liquorice ? 
  but that is not so hard . 
  you just move into the middle of nowhere , live alone without any friends , never meting anyone . 
  instantly assimilated . 
  a hypotesis i have heard is that issue in question is a family feud , so the children are potential targets of this feud . 
  are you kidding ? 
  you are talking about the internal powerstruggle of the nazis . 
  and seems to think that it would be bad if gd stoped assulting foreigners . 
  no brigades are needed . 
  the people of this subreddit simply do n't like fascism . 
  no it is not easy . 
  i just wanted to point out that it is not a new problem . 
  it is similar to the problem with mobs . 
  so reasonablly people have studied the situation and established methods , even if you and i do n't happen to know them . 
  but yes , getting rid of symphatisers without formal connections to the party , is probably not possible . 
  ( and of questionably morality as well . ), 
  removing police officers who collaborate with criminal organisations is not a novel idea . 
  ah , that makes more sense . 
  i do n't think you should assume so much about how people in general define goodness . 
  but sure , your definition seems reasonably ok ( but i do n't see why you need to be happy to be good . 
  do you deem depresed people evil ? 
   but most racists are actually good how do you define good ? 
  that seems to be what they are doing . 
  they go after gd not because of their politics but because the party actually orchestrates crime . 
  it could be a step on the way . 
   first : is over $ 9 billion + per year of welfare abuse overrated ? 
  i do n't know . 
  that does n't seem like a lot of money . 
   second : that is an accusation without any proof . 
  it was you that claimed that voluntary welfare was better . 
  that is your claim , so you have the burden of proof . 
  first : i think you are overrating the amount of welfare abuse . 
  second : charity welfare have at least as much corruption and abuse . 
  germany did n't actually try that either . 
  their goal was just eastern europe .
