  because practically everybody values those two things , the best way to measure how much people value something is to compare it to something else they value . 
  it seems to me that canada and nz/australia are pretty close to europe . 
  sure but the difference does n't matter in this case . 
    do n't ask me , or any other person here , to like them at all . 
   no one cares what you like . 
  or in other words : no one asks you to like homosexuals . 
  all we care about is how you treat them . 
  no one cares what you like . 
  i am pretty sure swedish law does n't treat slavs or romas any different from other people . 
  russia is getting worse while many middle eastern nations ( i assume it was those you meant ) is getting better . 
  you do n't punish someone when they are moving in the right direction . 
  also , do n't forget that they have an islamistic government . 
  considering that lars ohly is a member of the socialistic v\u00e4nsterpartiet , i do n't think he minds being associated with working-class people . 
  it does n't seem reasonable that italy have 40 % old people and that sweden only have 5 % , no mater what age you mean by old . 
  edit : actually both sweden and italy has 20 % of population over 65 years . 
  what is stopping you ? 
  an android app is just a file on your device . 
  you can transfer it to a computer and sell it just fine . 
  i have heard that you can sometimes get a better reception by doing this . 
  where did actually exist legal [ private enterprise ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/store/10.1111/j.1813-6982.1961.tb02382.x/asset/j.1813-6982.1961.tb02382.x_p1.png?v=1&amp;s=893430edfaa21fa27ee549372d982425b96db1b7 ) in the soviet union . 
  it was regulated and only allowed in certain branches , but it did exist . 
  t0t0zenerd was probably talking about globen . 
  only `` light '' beers . 
  i would say swedes do think positively about estonia , if not as strongly . 
  but it is complicated , we like to look back to the time when we where a larger more powerful nation , but for most of the other nations that where part of sweden it is a bit of a sour point . 
  i mean we tried to eradicate the finish language . 
  i can understand finns being pissed of about that . 
  i think many swedes are afraid that estonians feel the same way . 
  well , that is what the swedish neoliberals are doing here right at the moment so in that sense that is the `` swedish model '' . 
  even the soviet union had a mixture of the two . 
  we had riots like these before we opened up to immigration just as well . 
  you can go and create / r/racisteurope if you like . 
  it looks like a giant crater !, 
  there is a difference between failing and not even trying . 
  that is true . 
  but how about  without even trying to get them into society can you honestly say that the left did n't do ** anything ** to integrate immigrants ? 
  both blue and green eye color is the result of rayleigh scattering , rather than pigmentation . 
  that sounds seems extremely expensive . 
  last time i was on vacation an all expenses paid trip from sweden to egypt cost about $ 500 . 
  it seems like that would be equivalent at least to a trip to central america , from usa and i see no reason why it should be ten times as expensive . 
  i think five sounds like a lot . 
  humans have cognitive bias that makes us associate familiar and/or easily pronounceable names/words with truth and correctness . 
  labeling as `` protest votes '' would be just as wrong . 
  some might very well be unintentionally invalid . 
  `` blank vote '' would probably be more understood . 
  it burnt so bad that we erased it from all our history books , and since that day no swedes speaks of the colonies . 
  yes , but it was all within the borders of europe . 
  yes . 
  [ no luck there . . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alko ) you know it is exactly because we have this drunkard tendency that we need a regulated alcohol monopoly . 
  [ world according to the brittish ] ( http://strangemaps.files.wordpress.com/2008/05/toryatlasoftheworld2.jpg ), 
  copenhagen as capital , norwegian as official language and swedes in charge sounds good to me . 
  but what about finland ? 
  you realize that denmark is the only country in scandinavia without something like systembolaget ? 
  you would be a clear minority . 
   nobody is forcing you guys to watch our movies either . 
  it 's not about force , it is about culture . 
  it 's the dominance of the american culture that makes us all watch american movies ( and this of course strengthen the american cultural dominance in turn ) . 
  that is american culture ( through the medium of movies ) forcing out european culture . 
  as an example , people in sweden has in general more knowledge of the american justice system than of the swedish , because we see the former more often on tv . 
   scandinavian coutries seem to speak english so well , and i think they do n't have dubbing in their movies ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) true except for movies for children . 
  we do have subtitles though . 
  how is ibuprofen being behind the counter relevant ? 
  where you going to shoplift it ? 
  not really . 
  medication helps much more than anything else for adhd . 
  it seems to me they got exactly the reaction they where looking for . 
  how is that not smart ? 
  i think we should do it ikea style . 
  instead of rotating them ourselves , we just include a note in the package instructing the end user to rotate them exactly 90 degrees . 
  and maybe include some kind of rotating tool . 
  i 'm sorry you feel like that . 
  its just that this literalism is a pet peeve of mine . 
  i 'm not a religious person , but if you are going to discuss religion you should at least know what you are talking about . 
  thats changing the subject . 
  of course we should n't take it seriously . 
  but given that you did , metaphor is more reasonable than that he should mean it literally . 
  actually if you look at for example the sayings of jesus , it includes passages like `` i am the bread of god '' . 
  i would say that it is ridiculous to think that that is meant to be taken literally . 
  how so ? 
  why would n't god be able to use metaphors ? 
  det l\u00e5ter som en b\u00e5de omoralisk och illegal operation . 
  just no . 
  sure , but it they wants to go to finland instead it seems like really bad moral to hinder them . 
  pretty sure train companies are allowed to set their own ticket checking rules . 
  its refuges that have decided to move to finland . 
  there is no pushing involved . 
  its all going according to plan !, 
  i do n't think its treating someone as a subhuman to allow them to take a train to finland . . 
  it takes the body a week or two to acclimatise to the local temperature . 
  you ca n't judge the climate on a short visit . 
  have you never got an involuntary erection ? 
  bar barbar bar bara bar barbar - naked barbarian carried only naked barbarian . 
  you would have to be so rich that 620000 $ is nothing . 
  i think one way to look at socialism is that is about giving each person an equal amount of power in general , and money in particular . 
  as such you can read a low gini coefficient as an indication on how close a country is to socialism . 
  while not correct , it is at least closer to the truth . 
  this thing , thinking russia is still socialist is so fucking annoying . 
  sort of . 
  but so many names do n't have a day so it seems really unfair to make a big thing of it . 
  that really depends on what kind of party it is .
