[ more ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2013/06/23/magazine/snl-look.html?_r=0 ), 
  `` never believe citations in the internets '' - vladimir lenin, 
  usually it is considered misattributed . 
  strange request , but i would recommend ugly swans by strugatsky brothers and shadow by evgeny shvarts ( if you find translation of course ) . 
  the futurological congress by stanis\u0142aw lem, 
  chekhov for sure, 
  hero of our time by lermontov, 
  well you can read in english first , than in russian . 
  reading these stories rewritten is not a good way to understand and like them . 
  i would recommend little trilogy for the start . 
  hero of our time by lermontov, 
  goblin reservation by clifford simak, 
  mio in the land of faraway also, 
  depends on what you want from this book , and what time of ussr you are interested in . 
  20-30es , 30-50es , 60-70es , 70-80es all four different countries , maybe five even . 
  maybe even more , i ` m not an expert . 
  lermontov hero of our time, 
  dostoevsky the gambler ( for the start , than brothers karamazov and etc ), 
  chekhov little trilogy ( for the start , than dramaturgy and other stories ), 
  evgeny shvarts the shadow, 
  strugatsky brothers ugly swans, 
  goblins reservation is on of the best ones by simak , highly recommended . 
  also :, 
  strugatsky brothers : ugly swans, 
  stanisalv lem : futurological congress, 
  edmond hamilton : city at world end, 
  herbert wells : the island of doctor moreau, 
  robert sheckley : a ticket to tranai, 
  really 1985 ? 
  hyperion by dan simmons for sure, 
  this guy . 
  he is kind of chekhov of japan . 
  the chronicles of amber by roger zelazny , foundation by azimov, 
  op wants series that makes think , so azimov is a good shot . 
  however if you want thought provoking literature , series is not a best choice at all . 
  detective stories are all built on the same template actually no matter of language . 
  speaking of russian detectives try boris akunin from the very beginning : winter queen , the turkish gambit etc. 
  if you want books similar to glukhovsky and lukjanenko but better , try strugatsky brothers : ugly swans , roadside pickninck , prisoners of power . 
   and bradbury literally wrote a book about how tv is rotting your brain, 
  if you are talking about fahrenheit 451 you totaly missed the point of the book . 
  i don ` t know what interview you are refering to , but the book says the opposite . 
  reread the book , everything is so clearly stated , i just can ` t understand how it can be misinterpreted . 
  it ` s like we read different books . 
  the point of the story is clearly stated in captains bitty monologue , how can you understand it so primitively it is written in black and white . 
  it seems that he doesn ` t want to stop civil war . 
  english as a second language instead of russian now ? 
  it is insane . 
  they ended teaching in ukranian which is reasonable as 90 % of crimea are russians and 99 % percent of the population speak russian as mother tongue . 
  and ukranian stays as second language by choice . 
  sunni groups were fighting together with russian troops in second chechen war ( present presidnet of chechnya for example ) so it is clear why they want to fight chechnya . 
  but i guess there is still a substantial number of radical islamists aka vakhabists in chechnya . 
  polish type of coal does not fit their power stations, 
  well turkey is a free country and can support terrorists like everybody else . 
  because you shall have real proof to make such accusations . 
  the same with putin , rebels and etc. 
  he supplies rebels with arms who would probably be killed without this help . 
  it is not the same thing as killing somebody . 
  not to mention that rebel regions wants to join russia , why not support them ? 
  now maybe , people tired of war , they want it to stop anyhow . 
  but i don ` t really believe that after this bloody war they would vote to remain in ukraine . 
  sadly nobody will let them have a referendum . 
  actually if they were allowed to vote for independence there would be no war in the first place . 
  any proof to that ? 
  as i know 80 % of the rebels are ukrainian citizens . 
  even red cross officially declared civil war , not russian intervention . 
  they have mining and cheap hydroelectric power, 
  timber , hydropower , and iron ore constitute the resource base of an economy heavily oriented toward foreign [ trade ] ( http://www.tradecommissioner.gc.ca/eng/document.jsp?did=61418&amp;cid=11h&amp;oid=109 ) . 
  actually three quarters of this peoples are leaving to cis countries and number of people immigrating from cis to russia surpasses the total immigration rate . 
  if i am not mistaken kazakhstan was the number one country of immigration from russia . 
  it is not a brain drain . 
  number of people immigrating to developed countries is rather low . 
  it is not giving up passports it is stopping registration ( probably by selling property ) and leaving to another country . 
  guriyev is a prominent economist . 
  no i guess he was like owners of dozhd channel . 
  supported medvedev and than felt betrayed . 
  kremlin backed strongman [ talking ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6io6npvctw ) with terrorists during during this raid . 
  kind of interesting when terrosists blame him for not following sharia law and forcing women not to wear hijabs . 
  actually you right guys supported wrong team . 
  when medvedev was in power theey were doing ok , but till he is gone things started to go from bad to worse . 
  and this 100 % comes from a facebook post . 
  it is more to avoid trade deficit with weaken currency and to put pressure on several eu members . 
  more like selling weapons to guys west does not really like . 
  well putin does this to create a buffer zone and control strategic black sea harbour . 
  he claims , that he does this for security of russia , i don ` t think he cares much about european security . 
  it does not prove anything , they just put together all facebook posts and youtube clips showing weapons in unknown locations . 
  moreover , this version is even less credible , because professionals usually do not make mistakes like this : size of the plane and altitude . 
  why would russia do it ? 
  ok , next question . 
  why would russia give such kind of weapon to inexperienced rebels ? 
  why not use your own military ? 
  downing a passenjer jet, 
  year , but the circumstances were different . 
  i don ` t really believe that professional can make a mistake like this . 
  and i don ` t really believe that russian military can give away such kind of weapons to inexperienced morons either . 
  well they know the altitude of commercial flights why downing something going that high ? 
  who is to blame ? 
  either separatists , ukrainian army or russian army - the last is less likely . 
  but i don ` t really understand news sources making speculations like this without single proof . 
  yes i know , is this somehow proves that russian military did it ? 
  btw they shot iranian plane because they did not answer to their signals , very different situation .
