very cool , thanks . 
  double posted , damn you reddit mobile !, 
  yea , not everyone . 
  i 'm from georgia so i 'm used to everyone i meet buying into exceptionalism . 
  is the conservative party in denmark analogous to ours in ` merica ? 
  our right wing would have him out of the job before he could finish the speech . 
  its kind of rough because the states have a good bit of power but they ca n't run budget deficits like the federal government can . 
  often times states will simply run out of money in which case the federal government has lots of leverage since they are capable of bailing them out . 
  sadly ... . everyone here . 
  i completely agree . 
  i cant find it now but someone made a montage of video clips with the anthem played over it to show how ironic it is . 
  tough pill to swallow at the time . 
  socialism is worker ownership of capital . 
  usually via workplace democracies . 
  you are describing welfare capitalism . 
  i cringe when my politicians call you guys socialists . 
  ( its just welfare capitalism and it seems to be working pretty well . ), 
  i 've spent the past 2 hours balls deep in lithuanian history because of you . 
  the life of vytautas is much more worthy of a tv series than the tudors were . 
  what a guy . 
  i can just imagine trying to convince someone to raid that . 
  `` i mean , do we really have to . 
  it does n't look like its hurting anyone . '', 
  i swear , the word coalition makes politics 100x cooler for some reason . 
  i was only 5 when it happened but the bush election still pisses me off . 
  i 'm surprised there was n't more protest . 
  trust me , we know . 
  haha . 
  it was supposed to be a poke at our enormous bellies but i guess i should have worded it better . 
  you 're fine . 
  if there is on thing we excel in over here it 's sweets ... . 
  damn , makes me want to live in europe . 
   i might say that nazis also wanted egalitarian society . 
  that is what hitler was building . 
  a classless society where everyone was equal , happy and protected by the state . 
  exactly the same thing that was built by stalin . 
  exactly and absolutely the same . 
  only one was building it for his folk , the other one was building it for his class . 
  fascism has no intention of egalitarianism . 
  their entire ideology is based on the idea that humans are inherently unequal . 
   i do n't want to argue about the theory when the practice is so much different from it . 
  okay then . 
  saying that the real world implementations of communism are similar to fascism is fine . 
  but that is different from saying that communism and fascism are the same or that communism and fascism are at all related . 
   i understood it that you are a political science student ? 
  yes , political science and history with an econ minor . 
   i bet that is a very interesting field , but as of its applicability to the real life , have n't you thought of something else to chose for your graduate degree ? 
  i think i 'll manage . 
   and i never said all utopias are socialist , just that all `` socialisms '' are utopian . 
  well , defining socialism the correct way , as any economic system where the means of production are democratically owned and managed , i disagree . 
  i do n't think that there is much more argument to be had if you thing that our current model of totalitarian firms is the only solution . 
  look , i understand that the governments set up by the ussr might seem similar to fascism but they really are n't . 
  the ussr had to pretend to be a democracy because using marxism as justification for their rule meant that they had to play the role of the dictatorship of the proletariat . 
  fascist regimes are understood to not be democratic in any way . 
  fascism , as an ideology , is against democracy while communism is , in theory , not . 
  on the side of economics , communist regimes have to begin implementation collectivist measures , land reforms , ect to prove that they are heading towards a time where the state can melt away . 
  fascists do not do this . 
  fascist only promise a hierarchical corporatist economy where merit , in theory , gets you a higher place . 
  communists do n't want stalin 's russia . 
  some of them say it was necessary under the circumstances , but none of them want that to be the end game . 
  fascists do want nazi germany . 
  that is their end game . 
  fascists dont want an egalitarian society run my democracy like communists do . 
  fascists want a totalitarian government with a hierarchical economy . 
  the nightmare of a communist is the dream of a fascist . 
  you are saying that both x and y have trait z so they are the same . 
  by doing that you are defining x by trait y. 
  its not a good argument but that 's your problem not mine . 
  i think you are over generalizing the broad span of ideologies considered socialism . 
  for instance , marx developed his theories to break from the currents of socialism that he saw as utopian , bakunin criticized marx saying that his implementation would lead to a dictatorship ; neither of them considered their end games to be utopias , just better systems . 
  orwell talks about this in his essay , `` can a socialist be happy '' also , not all utopias are socialist as your definition would imply . 
   because its goal is to make oridinary people completely devoid of any choice and control over their lives . 
  that 's not the definition of socialism . 
  that definition is n't even useful . 
   that is your opinion . 
  you sure can keep repeating that , but that gets boring pretty soon . 
   you get the point . 
  no , it 's not an opinion . 
  you are saying that the entire field of `` non-hard '' sciences is never correct or incorrect . 
  that is a stupid position to hold . 
  it 's also , ironically enough , completely incorrect . 
   humans have been doing it for centuries . 
  but we do n't do that in political science because it 's wrong . 
  you have to have arguments to support your ideas . 
   yes . 
  and exactly for the reason that they are so similar . 
  they are fighting for the same niche . 
  so are the parties of every conflict . 
   what ? 
  i do n't get what you are saying . 
  can you type slower ? 
  are you saying that national-socialism is socialist just because socialist is in the name ? 
   haha . 
  fuck you , you piece of shit . 
  you 're right , that was rude of me . 
   nothing is stupid in a non-exact science . 
  that 's so stupid . 
   as all that classification is just a matter of consensus . 
  glad to know that conservatives are socialists if we all just believe . 
   it all is imaginary , virtual by its very nature .
