  if there 's another party , particularly one that 's concerned with budgets and independence , splitting from the eu might be an easy sell if you run into a budget shortfall or some regulation tanks a major industry . 
  america has nationalized roads , parks , schools , etc. 
  and strictly regulates drilling/mining , water/electric , etc. 
  so in principle we 're not much different . 
  real fucking deal commies see property and markets as an injustice that needs to be abolished . 
  they do note a distinction between possessions and property . 
  for example your car is your possession , but a car lot is property and must be turned over to the people . 
  in true communism ^ tm you would n't need a steam summer sale , because games would be free , since there 's no such thing as intellectual property . 
  game designers and artists would be showered with gifts and pussy in compensation . 
  that 's why it 's called * social * ism . 
  okay , so they 're fringe parties ? 
  i 'm talking full communism . 
  y' know abolishing property and markets . 
  not just free healthcare and a 5 hour work day . 
  i 'm getting kinda concerned that anti-populist attitudes will give the fringes of skinheads and commies ammunition . 
  i 'm seeing it in the us and it sounds like a trend in the eu as well . 
  pretty soon we 'll be out of adults and infowars will be the world 's largest news outlet . 
  too bad you 're a butthole , but the franch got a reputation to uphold , so it 's all good . 
  i agree that old people suck at democracy . 
  every citizen gets the right to vote , whether they 're good at democracy or not . 
  otherwise it 's not a democracy . 
  `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others . '', 
  - winston churchill, 
  is this r/askeurope or r/shitamericanssay ? 
  because i was under the assumption americans were welcome to ask questions about europe here . 
  i 'm not here to debate whether the uk should stay or not . 
  it 's not my country . 
  they made a democratic decision , so i have to respect it . 
  the 48 % that voted stay do n't have to . 
  i have no fucking clue what you see in that interview . 
  i mainly run away from celebrity culture anyways . 
  it turns my stomach . 
  i do n't listen to pop music anyways . 
  my tastes are more underground . 
  but our media is totally fucked up . 
  it 's corporate propaganda . 
  there 's a [ great american documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttbwfke7bxu ) about it . 
  part of american tradition is [ owning our stereotype ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qcvnahoavw ) . 
  much of what you say is part of [ our identity ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0dtg1_x-k8 ) . 
  big cars , bigger guns , killer weed and music you crank to 11 . 
  what is being compensated for is not dick size , but bank account size . 
  our economy is based on bullshit lines of credit . 
  rest assure , the guy with the bad ass muscle car only has a month and a half rent in his bank account . 
  but i think part of the ` fakeness ' you 're talking about are the circumstances of tourism . 
  i remember finding it easy to make friends , but when i told them i was leaving , they 'd be a little offended that our friendship was n't gon na be long term . 
  i particularly remember a girl from the czech republic that wanted me to stick around for a while , so she could tag along with me through europe when her schedule cleared up . 
  she ripped me a new asshole when i told her no . 
  ah , got ya . 
  i always thought wearing a flag was showing respect . 
  and the symbolism is like a rorschach to celebrate cultures rather than regimes . 
  hell , even if you 're disgruntled in america , you can wear the flag ironically . 
  it 's a very casual statement no matter what . 
  and let 's face it , we just had a pretty good century . 
  so there 's not much bitterness . 
  well , americans take allot of pride in where they 're from in general . 
  you hear it in rap music all the time . 
  the country as a whole is like an extension of that . 
  we 're a young country , so we 're still developing our traditions and culture . 
  so it 's fun to plant a flag on whatever awesome thing is going on and claim it as american tradition . 
  clearly, 
  [ this is all that needs to be said !, 
  ] ( http://fastdecals.com/shop/images/detailed/13/americanflag20fc.jpg?t=1434622816 ) sorry , just had to . 
  yeah , i wanted to buy a shirt with a spanish flag on it and the vendor refused , because ` it 's not for tourists ' . 
  somebody later told me that some spaniards see it as a symbol of the franco dictatorship . 
  oh yeah , i totally get it . 
  it was still unexpected , logically it should n't have been , but it was . 
  i know it 's confusing , but she was proud that her grandpa was highly decorated by both the nazi and soviet regimes . 
  i backed away and talked to another girl once i realized she was n't kidding . 
  it did n't appear to be political , but nationalistic pride in east germany and a little bitterness about the wall coming down . 
  as if it could have worked out if the yanks had n't meddled in their business . 
  i know first hand that it depends . 
  i was talking to a german girl from east berlin and we drifted onto the subject of how america ca n't defeat a lingering insurgency . 
  i fucked up and said ` at least germans take off the uniform when they lose ' . 
  she responded with ` my grandpa still has both uniforms ' . 
  this went down an ugly rabit hole where she revealed that she was kind of a commie/nazi . 
  actually , guerrilla warfare is effective . 
  america can eliminate any standing army , but we do n't stand a chance against armed and motivated goat herders and rice farmers on their own turf . 
  sun tzu said it does n't matter how big or powerful your army is . 
  whoever wants to win will lose against who has to win . 
  not good guys or bad guys , but self defense . 
  lawyers are currently the only widely accepted form of self defense . 
  but that only works if everybody is on the same team . 
  otherwise you only have a one sided fight . 
  and yes the 2nd amendment does act as a strategic deterrent against violent oppression . 
  just by having it , decreases our odds of needing it . 
  when the pen fails ... 
  the thing that worries me is that these people are n't just stormfront . 
  these people are protectionists . 
  on voat i ran into allot of idiots that were on the fence between trump and sanders . 
  they 're dumb enough to want a welfare state , but are smart enough to know you ca n't have open borders in a welfare state . 
  these fools do n't realize that mass expulsion is ethnic cleansing and after it fails ( which it always does ) the next step is , institutionalization and then genocide . 
  this is why extreme protectionism really needs to be scrutinized . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty concerned about this recent racist uprising in the states . 
  i 'm afraid if the right wingers get their way we 'll have ethnic cleansing on our hands , but at least we have the 2nd amendment if worst comes to worst . 
  i see your point . 
  try voat on for size . 
  but seriously reddit is just an annonymous shout box , for people to say how they really feel . 
  mods really should n't interfere with that . 
  now i know why trump is leading in the polls here . 
  petty motherfuckers are the common life form .
