i just skimmed through the pitchfork article . 
  i 'll have to get back to it later . 
  thanks for the update . 
  i know i 've had that beat stuck in my head before . 
  yeah , do n't worry about the difference between `` rap and hip hop '' . 
  it 's just politics about publicists , radio play and music venues . 
  any language should work . 
  but that just raises the standards for the beat and flow . 
  i hate to tell you but you linked the snow goons video again in the la caution link . 
  it 's all good . 
  i 'll just look it up myself . 
  good shit . 
  thanks . 
  these micks can bust . 
  except the rubberbandits . 
  but i bet they put on the best show . 
  rejjie snow has the most stand out lyrics on the first listen . 
  but if you had n't told me , i would have never guessed he was irish . 
  kind of reminds me of odd future . 
  some of the best food i had was in prague . 
  i 'm crazy about duck , so i had a duck steak and a duck cold cut with sliced hardboiled duck eggs . 
  y' all brew a clean pilzner too . 
  and absinthe is a great way to get the night started . 
  it 's just a chopped up dirty water hotdog smothered in ketchup with nutritional yeast sprinkled on top that you eat with a toothpick . 
  probably the worst thing i 've eaten . 
  it 's soviets cuisine . 
  i pretty much stuck to the donorburger stand next to my hostel . 
  there was an amazing crepe stand in the morning . 
  but neither of those are german . 
  so i missed out . 
  that 's the only place i know of that would process half a cow for you . 
  they 'll even teach you how to do it yourself . 
  it 'll be $ 1,000 though . 
  it 's a catering thing they do for parties . 
  that 's how they funded the shop to begin with . 
  basically sas brigaded a thread i posted asking about who has movements to get out of the eu . 
  and another one where i was asking about the growing white nationalist movements in europe . 
  i was n't accusing anybody of anything , i was just curious about whether these movements were just fringe jailbirds or mainstream ` conservative ' efforts . 
  i know somebody that works for a new whole animal butcher shop . 
  it 's seriously expensive hipster business . 
  they charge $ 25 a can for bone broth . 
  i just ca n't afford it . 
  sorry we put you through that . 
  haters from r/shitamericanssay . 
  that 's who i usually encounter when i ask simple questions here . 
  i just hold my nose and wait for the real answers . 
  yeah , somebody else posted about spanferkel . 
  looks really good . 
  austria had the best food imo . 
  but i mostly stuck to weinerschnitzel . 
  it 's a damn shame they call [ this ] ( http://img09.deviantart.net/184b/i/2010/170/6/4/wienerschnitzel_hotdog_by_peridoebelle.jpg ) weinerschnitzel in america . 
  sort of like what we 've done to budweiser . 
  it 's a shame butcher shops have vanished from the states . 
  what in particular is the best ? 
  i 'd like to know what i 'm missing out on . 
  what kind of meat ? 
  i know some countries still have the hook up on duck , venison and rabbit . 
  i 'd totally pay $ 5 a pop for that . 
  honestly , that 's what most americans do too . 
  every once in a while somebody will make some serious business falling off the bone ribs or something of that nature . 
  yeah that looks like it means serious business . 
  yeah , that 's got ta be good . 
  i was afraid you were going to say curywurst . 
  hell yeah that counts . 
  what 's the best sausage you got for it ? 
  either grilling over an open flame or in a smoker . 
  sure sausages count , but stuff like [ spare ribs ] ( https://i.imgur.com/7yxvgish.jpg ) or [ brisket ] ( http://imgur.com/hehv2bt ) or [ jerk chicken ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gzwt6jz.jpg ) that are marinated in sauce or rub are an artform . 
  where as sausage , the effort is taken care of at the butcher shop and they kind of cook themselves . 
  until it 's not, 
  no way , you got ta commit . 
  greece clearly does n't belong in the eu and the eu does n't belong in greece . 
  they need to stop with the hate fucking and go their separate ways . 
  that sucks . 
  i thought they had the courage of their convictions to accept the consequences of independence . 
  was the 2nd bailout accepted through referendum ? 
  oh , was that when they rejected the bail out ? 
  that was before they voted the commies in right ? 
  i trusted they were n't going to be throwing bourgoise tourists in the gulags , i would n't be shocked to see price controls and breadlines . 
  they 're already screwed . 
  at least the commies won . 
  they 're just fighting to keep the same policies they 've always had . 
  the nazis have their hearts set on butchering immigrants . 
  this is r/askeurope . 
  seriously , i always thought the eu was low maintainance and not very intrusive . 
  aside from the shit show in greece , i really did n't have much reason to look into it . 
  not to blame that mess on them , but look at the mess they 're in . 
  we 're lucky the nazis did n't win . 
  without poking around and asking about how the eu works or what it is , it seems to be this wonderfully safe bet that 's strengthened the european economy . 
  but once you find out how the sausage is made it 's like realizing your in the back seat of a cab with a dog wearing a suit and wig at the wheel . 
  same deal in the states . 
  from the ground everybody could tell that the housing market was based on people buying homes they could n't afford . 
  macro-economists all put the blinders on , because the titanic was unfuckingsinkable . 
  this is why i 'm asking the opinion of random reddit users rather than purely relying on credible news sources . 
  y' know what , you gave me an honest answer and i should have left it at that . 
  but thanks for giving me the skinny . 
  i learned plenty from that . 
  not to say i understand your political system or this will happen . 
  but what if the pis fucked up really , really bad and the eu made matters worse and the euro-skeptic parties consolidated into one party . 
  just a hypothetical . 
  does poland have a one party democracy ?
