  ( german ) or `` disse '' ( norwegian ) while it does sound a bit differently , `` th '' is often pronounced close to the way `` d '' is pronounced in the equivalent german words . 
  i want it to be true too , but it was clear from the day it broke to anyone paying attention that it was a tenuous claim at best given the source ... 
  does n't stop it being fun that it keeps popping up , though ( ok , so i 'm easily amused , so sue me ), 
  on the full fta . 
  those negotiations were started on the basis of an accord negotiated in ' 98 . 
  it was sort-of incremental . 
  there was an initial accord , and i believe parts went into force despite the italian veto and refusal to ratify . 
  it should be something to think about for those who expect a uk agreement to be done quickly , though . 
  he 's been careful to point out he 's not asking for the uk to hold onto more of the money generated by london , though , presumably to calm those kind of fears . 
  and he did mention the independence thing jokingly , though i 'm sure that will also go down as a `` look how much worse it could be '' ... 
  they are made with the eu , but the eu member states needs to ratify them . 
  i mentioned the fta with south korea somewhere else - final ratification of that fta was held up for 4-5 years because of italy . 
  the time from the first agreement to full ratification of the fta with south korea , which has the so far most comprehensive fta with the eu of any country other than the eea members and switzerland , was ** 18 years ** . 
  those were extremely hard won exemptions that came with a ton of other concessions . 
  they were , ironically given the context of discussing brexit , in part something norway demanded because of a long standing strict policy of aiming for a certain degree of self sufficiency in food supply which cost a * lot * in government subsidies for agriculture in particular , that historically can largely be tied back to the british blockade of norway during the napoleonic wars ( denmark had committed denmark-norway to support napoleon ) , that caused widespread starvation . 
   i really do n't see london surviving as it is a situation in which it lacks access to the single market . 
  / r/independentlondon ( extreme long shot , yes , we know , but khan is now demanding devolution ), 
  he presumably got caught up in it , and believed that if worst came to worst and shit hit the fan he 'd be able to safely hide behind cameron until article 50 had been safely invoked . 
  while i hate cameron , by leaving the way he did he at least finally did a good deed by fucking over boris . 
  it 's a dangerous precedent to set if it does not reflect signs of real change in opinion and/or is either preceded by or succeeded by a general election within a reasonable time frame where people are given a clear opportunity to reward/punish it . 
  as it stands , half the electorate is going to be pissed off either way , and it is in no way a given that there 's still a majority in favour of leaving . 
  if there is , then failure by a new pm to invoke article 50 can be rectified at any time that a pro-brexit government wins an election . 
  the linked map shows the area right after the war . 
  the remaining restricted areas are less than 10 % of the original red zone . 
  stupidly it seems very hard to find a modern map of the remaining areas to compare against . 
  the big problem is that the far left is so fragmented it can drive you absolutely crazy , and some of them are absolutely crazy . 
  it 's the disease of the fringes - if you 're used to `` everyone '' being against you , you have few barriers to splitting further . 
  that one is not an easy one to solve , i 'm afraid . 
  there 's an old ( bad ) joke that says that if you put two marxists in the same room , they 'll come up with three mutually inconsistent ideas of what marxism is , and it 's not too far from reality and applies for many other fringe ideologies as well . 
  but some of the basics i think could be successfully `` sold '' to a wider part of the left again , without `` ruining it '' with all of the ideological baggage that can come with it , and in particular i think a combined `` package '' of a right-to-work plus work-for-benefits could have fairly wide appeal , even into the right wing , if done right . 
  it 'd need to overcome concerns that it 'd be a `` punishment '' for people who lose their jobs for no fault of their own , and it 'd need to overcome concerns that it 'd destroy private businesses by competing ( so it 'd need to be jobs that otherwise would n't be done ) . 
  it 'd also need to be structured so it would n't punish people who genuinely ca n't work , and that 's a tricky one . 
  but get it right and it could ameliorate a lot of fears around job security etc. . 
  they do n't need to physically be removed . 
  they 'll start working soon enough if their benefits are dependent on it . 
  one of the central ideas in marxism was that the purpose of socialism should be to eradicate the capitalist class simply by gradually tightening the noose through e.g. 
  changes to taxation etc. 
  to make it impossible to live off the work of others . 
  the same principle should apply to reform benefits systems . 
  while i 'm all for generous benefits payments to those who * ca n't * work due to disability etc. , as well as generous pensions , i also believe that those who * choose * to not work but who are able to are depriving others of liberty by forcing everyone else to work more and harder to provide those benefits . 
  it 's morally no different to me than theft , whether it 's someone living of capital or someone abusing a benefits system . 
  this is something the centre-left has forgotten : a benefits scrounger is stealing from the working class too . 
  it used to be that the left would fight for a * right * to work , but at some point that was corrupted into an idea of a right to an income , even if not working . 
  perhaps because this was easier to achieve than actually ensuring there were jobs for everyone . 
  but to ensure nobody has an excuse not to have work , i also believe that with benefits the state * must * provide jobs that benefits the community at hours that equates to low but reasonable hourly rates to ensure that it is not attractive to stay on benefits . 
  sacrificing your principles to win is the same as losing . 
   imagine the drop in intelligence when you tell people they 'll be looked after for life . 
  that they do n't even need to try . 
  far-left economic ideology involves the opposite : if you can work , and choose not to , then you can fuck off . 
  allowing someone to live off the labour of others is not far-left policy . 
  consider marx : `` from each according to his ability , to each according to his needs '' . 
  the idea of benefits without strings is a centre-left big-state social-democratic idea , not far-left . 
   the swiss put it to a vote and they did n't like the idea neither . 
  basic income is a centre-right idea most popular with social liberal parties , not a far-left policy . 
  exactly . 
  if we end up with brexit , i very , very much hope to get to experience the moment when they realise how far a uk government still run by someone pro-eu will be willing to bend over to get a deal with the eu that 's as comprehensive as possible . 
  and one of the arguments justifying that will be `` but they kept pointing to norway as an example '' . 
  the thing with the trotskyist groups is i have a love/hate relationship with them . 
  on one hand they should be commended for having remained firmly anti-stalinist at a point it got them ostracised , and in many cases killed . 
  on the other hand , as a result they seem to all have developed some crazy instinct to leap to the defence of groups or people receiving hate , without a very good instinct about when the people in question are hated for a good reason ... to me its a good illustration of the flaw with the leninist model . 
  i 've come to strongly believe that a revolutionary group that truly wants to do good should aim to never allow itself to run a government , because any revolutionary group that gets sufficient power to drive a revolution and overthrow the previous government will be full of people whose instincts will almost necessarily have become messed up - fighting for decades for something `` everyone '' tells you is wrong means you are forced to become strong willed enough to go against what everyone tells you about right and wrong . 
  that 's a horribly dangerous trait once you are in power ... 
  croydon central . 
  they got less than i remembered - 1454 votes . 
  certainly still a shitty result , but enough to be factor of 10 more than what would have been needed to unseat gavin barwell . 
  he won the seat with 43 % against 42.7 % for labour - 22753 to 22588 ... 
  i was pissed off for a week after that . 
  but at least they 've lost the council . 
  which of course prompted barwell to start a campaign for directly elected mayor . 
  clearly eyeing up a backup position in case he actually loses his seat next time - since this time it took illegal levels of election spending to win . 
  seen how many use norway as an example of how it 's possible to get a deal without eu membership ? 
  now , what do you think most brexit supporters will think about becoming part of schengen , like norway did as a result of the eea membership ... 
  they also do n't seem to realise that a very substantial portion of the uk immigration comes from non-eu countries . 
  the tory goal of 100k/year is impossible even if eu immigration goes to 0 , as the uk is taking in more than that from other commonwealth countries alone most years , and far more than that from non-eu countries combined . 
  frankly , i think the best way of destroying the leave movement would have been if someone had pandered to racists by pointing out that if the uk leaves the eu , then brown skinned people will make up a far higher percentage of uk immigrants ... 
  well , that was exactly what happened with norway , except when voting on joining rather than exiting : after voting no , our politicians turned right around and signed the eea treaty , which made us accept almost all areas of eu integration apart from the euro , some parts of the fisheries and agricultural policy , while giving us no say in any of it . 
  i strongly suspect the uk will end up crawling to the negotiating table ready to sign a very similar deal if it ends up with a brexit vote . 
  and when cameron says he 'll stay as prime minister in the case of brexit , i very much suspect the reason he will try to hang on is exactly to try to get in place a `` consolation price '' asap before facing the risk of an anti-eu tory taking his place . 
  considering that norway accepted things like schengen , which the uk is not currently part of , accepted every part of freedom of movement , which the brexit people tend to hate bitterly , and has not gotten the kind of opt-outs that the uk managed to obtain by threatening to veto various directives , there 's every chance that the uk will end up more tightly integrated into the eu after a brexit than today , because leaving will have just taken the by far strongest negotiating card off the table , by giving up the ability to being bastards with veto rights . 
  or , you know , perhaps it was that a substantial portion of their voters were left leaning enough to be pissed off that they enabled substantial portions of tory policy by entering into the coalition in the first place . 
  i 'm far left , but was sympathetic to them because of their stance on things like electoral reform , but when they showed they were willing to enter a coalition with the tories , that sympathy went right out the window . 
  i know lots of people who similarly saw them as a hope for a more liberal not-quite-left-enough-but-better-than-blairite-labour that now would prefer a light touch of the plague to ever giving the lib dems any support after that . 
  and most of his voters wanted policies they would have been more likely to get with a labour coalition . 
  or at least been less likely to have the government shit all over . 
  the lib dems made the mistake of thinking that just because you could form a coalition government , that you should form one . 
  it 's an understandable mistake given how little experience uk parties have with coalitions . 
  but the smart move on their end would have been to tell the tories to fuck off , and forced a minority government that 'd leave them free to negotiate compromises with both the tories and labour instead of making them lapdogs for the tories . 
  `` interesting '' might be a good word yes . 
  crazier than the monster raving loony party might be another thing to call them . 
  as a libertarian marxist , to me they 're like the crazy , embarrassing uncle you wish would shut his fucking mouth in public . 
  a substantial portion protections in uk law at this point largely comes from eu directives , that various uk governments have fought hard to water down and get special uk exemptions from . 
  lets see how many of these laws will be amended within the next five years after brexit to water them down or repeal portions . 
  the only reason it exists in the uk is because the uk government got special uk exemptions from parts of the working time directive . 
  there are still ways to skirt around it elsewhere , but in terms of workers rights , the uk is the worst kid in class in the eu already before brexit ... 
  i dread seeing what it 'll be like with a tory majority free to do as they please . 
  then again , if uk voters vote for brexit , then fuck-em - they 'll get what they deserve , and i 'm * so * happy my employment situation protects me from this shit . 
  firstly , they still make up a small minority . 
  secondly , if they are treating you as an employee while insisting you are self-employed , chances are * very * high that they are breaking the law in one or more ways . 
  it 's insufficient to have a contract that says that you 're not an employee to in fact make you not an employee . 
  if your relationship with a company is that of an employer-employee relationship , then you most likely are an employee for legal purposes , and this affects both legal protections , and tax liabilities ( on both sides ) .
