  at some point you 'd think we 'd learn to start extricating ourselves from this crap . 
  the reality is that most low corporation tax countries attracts * revenue * , but very few jobs except where they offer tax incentives tied to iron clad agreements . 
  how many jobs do amazon provide in luxembourg per dollar/euro of goods invoiced via their luxembourg subsidiary ? 
  as of a few years ago , amazon employed a few hundred people in luxembourg , despite most of its european revenue being channelled through there . 
  the point being : you do n't need to move all that many people to a country to be able to justify recognising a * lot * of revenue there . 
  this is one of the reason why lowering it makes very little sense for * major * economies : it has very little practical impact on jobs , and the few that moves * revenue * elsewhere is more than made up for by the many businesses for who it but note that qualifier : for smaller countries it can matter . 
  for e.g. 
  luxembourg , those few hundred jobs may represent a tiny proportion of amazons workforce in europe ( e.g. 
  they have more than 14,000 in the uk alone ) , but getting even a low tax rate and a few jobs makes a difference to a country that small . 
  to a major economy , the loss of revenue from the many less mobile companies does not generally make it worth it . 
  which is why e.g. 
  the us has one of the worlds highest corporation tax rates . 
  if so you 'd expect it to be something people adopted before an improvement in their economy . 
  because if not there 'd be no reason to believe it works . 
  for small countries that can indeed be the case , but for major economies , there 's little to no evidence it 's a cost effective way of attracting business . 
  re-read what i wrote and note the word * major * . 
  for countries like these with fairly small populations , having a bunch of companies shuffling revenue through their country makes a difference even if few jobs follow along . 
  hence the distinction . 
  exactly . 
  hence why it is usually smaller countries ( where attracting a few `` post box companies '' actually makes a difference ) or those really desperate , who tends to resort to bargain basement corporation tax rates . 
  that depends on your goal . 
  but in any case it is also irrelevant . 
  the point is major economies tend to have high corporation taxes because they can - it does n't cause companies to move elsewhere in a well functioning major economy . 
  to drop it this much is a major sign of lack of the uk governments lack of confidence in the uk economy . 
  yes , because the eu average is dragged down substantially largely by less developed and/or tiny countries that have traditionally done what the uk is doing now : dropping the rates in the hope of pulling business away from the major powers that they 'd otherwise be unable to get . 
  i did n't leave `` major '' in there by chance . 
  the point is uk corporation tax has already been reduced to push it into kind of territory you expect from small and/or poor countries who need to use low tax rates to attract business . 
  and the 'll drop further . 
  it reeks of desperation, 
  yes , it is . 
  uk corporation tax itself is also one of the lowest of the major developed countries . 
  frankly what matters is that he gets her over the edge . 
  might as well just call it the holy roman empire . 
  at least this time round it 'd actually include rome . 
  you * can * get decent bread in the uk , but most of what you find in supermarkets hardly even deserves to be called bread . 
  yeah i 'm sure that part was an exaggeration . 
  then again , i 'm somewhat exaggerating my hatred for british bread too . 
  it will take a hell of a lot more immigration to teach the brits about proper bread . 
  and cakes . 
  for someone who buy so much cake , there s a staggering lack of diversity ... 
  even bakeries here are mostly poor jokes . 
  here i have been snorting it for my entire life , like they do on tv . 
  well , that 'd be the reason they wonder why british flour is weird then . 
  it 'd be an explanation for how someone can end up with something like hovis or warburtons when trying to bake bread . 
  have you seen what passes for bread in a uk super market ? 
  it 's a perfectly logical question if you 're from anywhere where decent bread is the norm . 
  i believe that the regime will * eventually * fall no matter what . 
  and * when it does * , the next regimes attitude to the uk and other countries will depend on whether or not a given country helped facilitate oppression of them . 
  i do n't see why you think that 'd be opposite . 
  the whole point in all three cases was to prop up friendly regimes . 
  in all three cases , they ended up with `` their '' regimes replaced by regimes far more open to soviet influence . 
  of course you are right that we do n't have any good controls , and realistically we ca n't because there are always other differences . 
  we do have some worthwhile observations , though . 
  a difference - which you can also see with any other former british colonies - is that british india was given ( after fighting for it for decades , of course ) the option of independence , and of negotiating a settlement leading to the separation into india and pakistan ( which then included present day bangladesh too ) , and was afterwards largely allowed to rule themselves without any too overt offensive signs of continued british control . 
  the resentment in most of the middle eastern states , and many other places too , is not so much about colonial involvement , but about continued meddling * after * de facto or de jure independence . 
  iraq got independence , but after a pro-nazi coup the anglo-iraqi war led to a pro-british government being installed , which then planned to put in place a deeply unpopular treaty that effectively would effectively put iraq back under british control . 
  it led to a long uprising against the monarchy , and basically lost them all public support , laying the ground for the subsequent coups that provided husseins route to power . 
  this pattern reoccurs in other former colonies too . 
  nigeria got a `` clean '' and relatively smooth path towards independence , and was left with plenty of problems but no party with anything to win by fomenting anti-uk sentiments . 
  meanwhile zimbabwe saw the uk basically turn it 's blind eye for * 15 years * while ian smith ran his little racist rhodesia experiment supported pretty much entirely by white farmers of british background , forcing rebel movements like mugabe 's zanu to wage a lengthy civil war . 
  in the end they were left with the white farmers who had supported an oppressive regime still living there , owning about 70 % of the land , and with the government continuing to face uk resistance whenever they pushed through new land reforms . 
  mugabe and the maoist zanu was a product of the uk failing to uphold its own laws and keep control of what was then british territory , and after the uk had basically let rhodesia/zimbabwe go to hell , they kept ( and still do ) trying to tell him what to do - not very strange that he 's quite hostile ( to be clear , i think mugabe is a nasty piece of work ; but he had valid reason to see the uk as basically betraying zimbabwe and going on to then try to reassert its influence after independence ) . 
  largely it seems that with open , direct conflicts , wounds heal quickly , while with underhanded tactics like propping up puppet regimes or destabilising regimes , or being seen as carrying out proxy wars , the distrust of continued meddling remains for a long time . 
  if we intervene , the region gets destabilised almost as a matter of course . 
  almost * every * oppressive and/or terror-support present day regime in the middle east is either there because of european or us support , or because of european or us support for regimes that were so hated they were overthrown . 
  and what about isis ? 
  central parts of the founding leadership of isis were ex-iraqi officers part of husseins regime that were pushed out after the invasion . 
  there 's a direct line from past french , uk and us meddling in iraq and syria to the syrian civil war and rise of isis . 
  i 'm not suggesting that isis should n't be blamed for their own actions , because they absolutely should . 
  but western meddling should be blamed for creating conditions that made it possible , and that gave them all kinds of reasons to hate us . 
  we ca n't fix this with more meddling . 
  we can only fix this by being far more careful about intervening beyond humanitarian help , and * if * we are to take sides , to make pretty damn sure we are taking the right one . 
  because we may have to live with the consequences for a century or more , like with the chaos in the middle eeast . 
  it is that simple for a very simple reason apart from the moral issue : whenever we see governments play this game it usually backfires spectacularly . 
  the present mess in syria can be traced right back to the french antagonising everyone with their support for the previous puppet regime , ending up with the assad family gaining control through the ba'ath party . 
  saddam hussein only gained control because of the 20 + years of unrest that followed britains establishment of it 's little pro-british puppet regime created a fertile ground for the ba'athist movement ( incidentally , hussein finally ceased control from al-bakr because the alternative would have been a merged syrian/iraqi union under the assad family ) . 
  and of course we have the americans fun little adventure with iran and the shah . 
  and that 's just a few of the countries * in the region * . 
  if we look worldwide the list of massive fuckups gets horribly long . 
  we would n't have any reason to care about saudi * at all * if it was n't for the large number of past fucked up interventions in the region having resulted in a long list of regimes with genuine reasons to dislike , distrust or outright hate western governments . 
  so yes , it 'd cost us to just pull support for these type of regimes in the short term . 
  but it 's also stop us from nurturing yet another generation of new regimes with good reasons to hate us . 
  yes , you are right , but because of the same thinking . 
  they also share part of the blame for hussein with the uk , while the assad family was largely france 's fuckup . 
  yes , it is generally safest to assume that if a tory minister opens their mouth , what will come out is likely to be lies . 
  `` honestly , reddit takes such a simplistic view of that murderer . 
  i knew him , and yeah , so he liked to dismember people , but other than that he is a pillar of the community '' . 
  you are trying to justify a brutal , violent dictatorship because we reap some benefits . 
  this is a regime that kills and oppresses large numbers of people . 
  the degree of selfishness in being an apologist for this kind of regime is disgusting . 
  this is the government that has been cutting budgets across the board - they have no interest in `` spending said money '' ( what little they 'd get their hands on in tax revenue , given they 've lowered corporation tax to one of the lowest in the oecd ; almost half of the us for example ) , much less `` spending said money wisely '' . 
  of course this is the kind of thinking that got us saddam hussein , the assad family , and the ayatollahs in iran , amongst others , as a counter-reaction . 
  interfering that way has an exceedingly bad long term track record . 
  i was n't comparing it to a european identity anywhere , but to the viability of a creating a commonwealth identity . 
  the point being that despite 300 years of trying , the uk has not been able to create a singular identity around britain . 
  if anything , wwii was probably the high point of `` britishness '' - post-war britain , with the final death of the empire , have seen british identity in free-fall vs. the individual nations . 
  my point being that a substantial proportion of people in the uk do not consider themselves british . 
  [ here is a paper on the subject ] ( http://revues-eco.refer.org/bslea/index.php?id=307 ) that amongst others writes :  the fact that the british do not feel like being british is sustained also by the results of the 2001 census ( quoted in james o\u2019driscoll 's book ) , when only 46 % of the people living in the uk considered themselves as being british . 
  [ here is a bbc article that uses data from the 2011 census to examine the distinction between people who considers themselves only british vs. only english , scottish etc. ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-243029140 ) . 
  edit : [ `` british identity is waning in england '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/10093611/british-identity-is-waning-in-england.html ) ( telegraph ),
