  it 's nothing . 
  the core problem is a development gap between western european countries and eastern european countries . 
  i agree that the development gap is a problem , but that is a gap that is narrowing rapidly . 
  polands gdp per capita for example , doubled from it became a member until 2011 . 
  the uk 's gdp per capita increased by only 7 % in the same period . 
  poland 's is still far below the uk , but that 7 year period made it far less attractive to move to the uk than it was in 2004 . 
  note that personally i have no issue with the levels of immigration , and i 'm an immigrant myself . 
  but given the opposition there is to immigration it does make sense to put some brakes on and try to deal with peoples fears , as much as i think those concerns are overblown . 
   brexit is nothing . 
  europe will get over it and prosper . 
  but if it ca n't solve the social and economic issues that divide its member states than its days are numbered . 
  that is true , but that gap * is * narrowing . 
  but that is a process that takes time . 
  many of the wealthier eu countries have spent decades trying to deal with huge gaps inside their own countries ; the eu will not be able to deal with these kind of huge gaps on a short timeframe . 
   because we ca n't accurately predict eu immigration . 
  it 's if you ca n't accurately predict it that it makes most sense to make use of the controls , exactly to ensure you have a ceiling . 
   suggesting the uk could have implemented immigration controls 7 years ago is only a valid argument if the uk was , at the time , aware of the potential future numbers and failed to act accordingly . 
  theresa may spent her 6 years in the home office prior to becoming prime minister promising to drastically curb immigration . 
  it may not be helpful , but that does n't mean it 's wrong . 
  specific to this topic : theresa may sat in the home office for six years promising to reduce immigration massively . 
  somehow people still trust her despite 6 years of either outright lying about her intent or being a total abject failure at what she set out to do . 
   ca n't make this shit up . . 
  but ... that is exactly what he 's doing . 
  it matters because it is a substantial escalation in hostility . 
  what is it you do n't believe ? 
  are you suggesting he is lying about being detained ? 
  because that would be extremely against his character . 
  and i say that as someone who finds most of his political standpoints disgusting , because i recognise that while i disagree with him on all but a few narrow areas , he 's also one of very few politicians i 've never seen lie . 
  if you think that , you did n't understand my characterisation at all . 
  no , that would be very much against his character . 
  he 'd be more the type to be smiling overbearingly while falling over himself to do as instructed . 
  he does n't have diplomat status in the us . 
  that is irrelevant for whether or not he is allowed a diplomatic passport from norway . 
  the two are entirely separate things . 
  a diplomatic passport means that your country of citizenship wants friendly countries to accord you certain courtesies , by signalling a certain recognition , while whether or not you are accredited as a diplomat by any specific country is subject to agreement by the countries you visit ( yes , that includes for ambassadors etc. 
  - they do not have diplomatic protections * until their host country agrees to accredit them * ) * most * holders of diplomatic passports are unaccredited in most countries . 
  it is still expected that they will be afforded certain courtesies and wo n't be detained without good reason . 
  when a supposedly friendly country then chooses to ignore protocol and detain someone on a diplomatic passport like this , it makes a mockery of the practice , and will make other countries ask why they should afford us holders of diplomatic passports any courtesy , if they ca n't expect the same in return . 
   maybe he did n't have the stamp before ? 
  he did . 
  he has been in teheran multiple times as late as the last few years , as part of delegations engaged in promoting peace and dialogue in the middle east . 
  he have had direct talks with ahmadinejad . 
   a iranian ( and other muslim countries ) stamp in your passport causes issues when entering the states since years not on a diplomatic passport from an allied country . 
  as others have said : diplomatic passport is what makes this case special . 
  if someone presents a diplomatic passport , sure they can ask , but if the person responds `` i had official business there '' that should be it : it 's * not their business * what he was doing there . 
  they state `` diplomatic passport '' in big letters across the front and several other places . 
  if they are unable to notice this , they 're not fit to do that job . 
   and it 's not unusual for people to be questioned if they 've been to certain countries it is n't . 
  what is unusual is for this to happen when they 're travelling on a diplomatic passport . 
  for starters : it 's none of their fucking business what reason someone on a diplomatic passport has for having been to another country - beyond `` i went there on an official visit '' it 's privileged information . 
  as someone far to his left politically : kjell magne bondevik is one of the most straight-laced politicians you 'll find anywhere . 
  he can be overbearing and smarmy , but i do n't think he 's ever been caught in a lie . 
  he 's one of those few christians who are sickeningly annoying because they actually take it seriously . 
  i think pretty much anyone anywhere on the political spectrum in norway would implicitly take him on his word on the basis of decades of experience with him . 
  people disagree with him very strongly on a lot of things , sure , but he is not the type to exaggerate . 
  funny how he entered on * the exact same passport * during the obama presidency * without * this happening , then . 
  [ google translate link ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.tv2.no%2fnyheter%2f8902998%2f ) summary : * kjell magne bondevik is a former prime minister of norway . 
  * he was travelling on a norwegian diplomatic passport to attend an event also attended by president trump * he was pulled aside and interrogated because of an iranian stamp in passport . 
  he was let in in the end , but interrogating someone from an allied country travelling on a diplomatic passport is rather `` unusual '' . 
  * he 's previously visited white house , and has travelled to the us on the same passport before without incident . 
  to the extent that it is not allowed out in public , i find that equally pathetic , and yes i know some countries have restrictions on it . 
  they 're a bunch of wimps . 
  with respect to private businesses , to the extent they have legitimate security reasons for wanting to be able to identify those who enter , that may be legitimate choice . 
  bank robberies are common enough to be a potentially legitimate concern . 
  as for schools , the concern should be if a stranger is starting to walk up to children . 
  if they are doing so , then whether or not their face is covered is irrelevant . 
  if their face is covered , then , it is reasonable for staff to challenge them to ensure it is someone they know . 
  if they are unable to ascertain if it is someone they know due to their face being covered , then they have a genuine concern to address . 
  until/unless that is the case , it is not a problem . 
  in either case it is not something that requires legislation against a specific outfit , when the more approriate response is to allow schools to set requirements of being able to positively identify persons who enters the school . 
  this is a large part of the problem : when people create artificial problems ( full veils are rare ; only a small proportion of muslims use them ) and use them to justify wide-ranging bans , rather than allow targeted regulations to meet specific needs . 
  i 'm not comparing it to segregation . 
  i am pointing out that if you assume that everyone wearing the veil is coerced into it ( and i 'm sure a lot are , though probably not all ) , then if you ban it , what seems more likely : that those coerced by someone backwards enough to insist they wear the veil will just decide `` oh , ok , sure , let 's drop the veil from now on '' or go `` you 'll need to stay home from now on ; your son will need to get the groceries '' what is worse is that it is a total attempt at manufacturing outrage . 
  extremely few people wear a full veil , and even fewer of those are immigrants . 
  i live in london , and live in a borough with plenty of muslims . 
  i 've seen maybe half a dozen people with full veils in my local area over the last decade . 
  where you will see veils in london are mostly the shopping streets around high end designers shops etc. 
  where you 'll find saudi tourists and other wealthy arabs ... 
  it is similar most other places in europe - you 'll find plenty of hijabs ( covering the hair , but not the face ) , but very few niqabs ( full veil ) or burqas ( full cover including netting in front of the eyes ) . 
  for a good reason : the latter are rare amongst muslims too , and even rarer in the areas most muslim immigrants to europe comes from . 
  it is a type of ban that gets pushed purely out of fear and a desire to profit from fear , by victimising a small group of women that are often already victimised . 
   how about no ? 
  you act like banning specific clothing choices is new idea , but there are already such bans . 
  you ca n't wear police uniforms for example you ca n't run around naked in public . 
  and in most eu countries you ca n't parade with swastikas on your arm bands . 
  of those one is based on a practical concern of confusion and extremely limited ( you can most places wear police-like uniforms as long as there is not an immediate risk of confusion ; it is hard to argue this reduces your freedoms in any meaningful way ) , and two are based on moral concerns . 
  i find the latter two equally poorly justified , but even so they are not comparable - one in fact established that a lot of countries in europe too considers it justified to use coercion to get people to cover up , which makes many of the arguments against the veil rather hypocriticial , while the other is targetting a group responsible for genocide - once women wearing veil have been responsible for genocide we can get back to that latter one . 
  in the meantime , banning the veil achieves the opposite of what a ban on swastikas does : it harms victims rather than oppressors . 
  in that respect it is worth also pointing out that many countries * do n't * ban public nudity ( spain going by far the furthest , but e.g. 
  the uk , france , germany , denmark are some examples of others ) but takes a much more pragamatic approach . 
  uk does the same with swastikas too : instead of a ban on a symbol or a lack of clothes , the uk bans `` outraging public decency '' and forms of harassment or causing fear etc. , combined with a * very * limited restriction on wearing nazi uniforms as part of a political movement ( there is an offence , but it require permission of the attorney general to prosecute , and has not been used for decades ) . 
  this solves much of the civil rights issue - in the uk if you wear a nazi uniform outside a synagoge you 're likely to get told to fuck off if you 're lucky or arrested if you 're not for the reason that it is harassment and ouraging public decency due to the context , not due to the specific symbols . 
  equally if you start flinging your dick around outside of a church you can expect police to show up , while someone stood on a plinth in trafalgar square naked with police explicitly refusing to stop it . 
  it is in approach that is open to abuse ( people can fake outrage over anything ) but is still far better than blanket bans . 
  how is it a strawman ? 
  this law has no impact on women that are already locked up indoors . 
  it does affect women who are currently able to go out because they can wear the veil , but who may either not feel able to go out if not allowed to wear it , or not be allowed to go out if they can not wear it . 
  if that is their choice , then that sucks , but is still their choice . 
  but this was in the response to the assumption that they are coerced . 
  if they are being coerced to wear the veil now , how likely do you think it is that a ban will cause the persons who are coercing them to let them go out without a veil after a ban ?
