  but while a couple of the groups might have warranted some light attention [ 1 ] , most of the groups and people affected detested the soviet regime and over the years included a number of well respected mps ( who were under surveillance while active members of parliament , including one that was under illegal surveillance while investigating the illegal surveillance ... ) `` extreme '' way too easily becomes `` anyone who does n't agree with me '' . 
  [ 1 ] the surveillance was excessive and went far over the line into harassment ; none of the groups affected ever actually turned out to be a threat in the first case , but if they had been a lot of the methods used were totally counter-productive and unprofessional . 
  i personally knew people who were being followed - intentionally rather indiscreetly - too and from work every day ( trade union people with communist sympathies ; one suspected the reason he was being followed was that his route led him past the soviet embassy - but if he wanted to talk to the soviets , he would n't be walking into the bloody embassy ) . 
  another a newspaper editor who was subject to illegal bugging of his apartment . 
  he knew this because he regularly had security services staff harassing him in the streets to make it clear to him they knew the contents of every conversation he had at home . 
  which of course meant that he never spoke about anything remotely sensitive at home . 
  if he ever did have reason to talk about anything nefarious , they 'd spent years conditioning him to take a lot of extra precautions making it harder for them . 
  reposting it wholesale would be one thing , but reposting as much as possible and describing any part left out should n't be . 
  for norway , the best indication i can find is that there may be ~ 150,000 people considered `` active shooters '' in norway by det frivillige skyttervesen ( `` norwegian voluntary shooting association '' for you non-scandinavians ) which is a sort of semi-official organization originally started by parliament , and by far the largest shooting organization . 
  i think that 's likely to be a good roof on * total * number of shooters as it includes police officers and army personnel ( in particular the homeguard uses dfs ranges for its 45k personnel ) and others who occasionally train on dfs ranges , many of whom would not be shooting pistols and would not necessarily ever be shooting in a civilian capacity or own/store weapons at home . 
  as such the number of civilian/hobbyist pistol shooters is likely to be quite a bit lower . 
  so that 's a maximum of 3 % of the population . 
  i 'd guess less than 2 % , possibly a lot less , make up civilian pistol shooters . 
  depends on your point of view if you consider that `` normal '' i guess . 
  for comparison , according to wikipedia 427,500 people are registered hunters in norway . 
   the problem is that while the eu has been changing and continues to change it 's always had a political union as the end goal . 
  that part i 'm all for , and i see it as pretty much inevitable . 
  the problem i have with the current incarnation is down to problems that are largely down to a structure that is necessary because of the current level of integration . 
  more integration would be fine with me provided it means more power is moved from the council and commission to the parliament . 
   so you will leave the uk if it leaves the eu , for a non-eu country . 
  is n't the norwegian protection for workers and the rest proof that , at least in theory , the arguments for these things can be won without the eu . 
  yes , but the uk governments continued efforts to push * against * eu workers protections shows that the uk is not such a place . 
  if there was any evidence that the uk left was strong enough to protect workers rights , i might come down differently . 
  maybe if corbyn actually wins an election . 
   if 18 years is a legitimate waiting time for a `` let 's end the country '' vote then the vote would be up again this year . 
  nobody even in the `` no '' camp that i knew saw it as an `` end the country '' vote by any means . 
  and it was 22 years . 
  that 's almost a generation . 
  more than a quarter of voters in '94 did not have the right to vote ( or had not been born yet ... ) in ' 72 . 
  more than a quarter of those who voted in '72 had since died . 
  the eu in its current form did n't exist in ' 72 . 
  a lot of the arguments on he no side had shifted massively , or gotten irrelevant , because of subsequent developments , such as the implosion of efta following eea coupled with membership applications from most of the efta members , which made it clear that norway would have to alter its relationship to the eu some way or another or be far more isolated than before . 
  and support for the eea/e \u00d8s agreement was subsantial , despite meaning having to integrate most eu regulation , entering the free trade area and in general integrating extremely closely ( norway is in many areas more closely integrated with the eu than the uk is , e.g. 
  membership of schengen , no opt-outs from major eu legislation like the working time directive ) . 
  it was clear to pretty much everyone that there was massive popular support for a closer integration with the eu . 
  that made it a very legitimate question whether or not we 'd go the whole hog to membership . 
   as i understand it the current elite are still making noises despite the opposition to the eu moving into the 70-80 % zone . 
  that 's a fairly large disconnect with the people . 
  more like they know how sentiment swings in norway . 
  opposition and support swings drastically based on perception of relative economic situation . 
  there will be another vote at some point , but not soon . 
   the eu is n't a moderating force in the uk , it 's a corrupting force . 
  yeah , it is a moderating force , in areas like human rights and labour rights in particular , where westminster regularly have tried to stomp all over people , and where eu regulations regularly is what holds them back . 
  worth paying attention to how much of british eu sceptics argumentation is about clawing back the rights to fuck over working people . 
  i live in the uk , and have for the last 15 yeas , and the whole referendum here terrifies me . 
  if the uk votes to leave , i 'll have to consider whether to move back to norway , as ironically norway outside the eu is a far more pleasant thought than a uk on its way out . 
  though i must admit i have a morbid desire to see the uk try to negotiate a favourable arrangement afterwards , and end up having to swallow a worse arrangement than it has as a member . 
   norway had to vote no to joining twice as their fanatical elite tried to take them in . 
  in both norwegian elections the `` fanatical elite '' got extremely close to a yes ( 52.2 % against in ' 94 , 53.5 % in ' 72 ) , and in both cases , a number of political parties fell on either side . 
  in ' 94 , the ruling labour party was split , and the second largest party in parliament was against membership , the third for , and the fourth largest against . 
  so much for a `` fanatical elite '' pushing for membership ( all of said four parties have been in government since ; the current government consists of two pro-eu parties ; clearly voters have not punished the pro-eu stance ) . 
  i campaigned against in ' 94 , mostly because of what i see as a serious `` democracy deficit '' in eu compared to norway ( whereas , compared to the uk where i live now , i see the eu as a welcome moderating force ... ) , yet i did n't know anyone campaigning against eu membership at the time that saw the referendum as illegitimate ( i 'm sure * some * people did ) . 
  17 % vat + 10 % flat income tax + 31 % ( fbih ) and 33 % ( rs ) social security withheld from income . 
  the vat and income tax is low . 
  the social security payments are astronomical . 
  depending on what is zero-rates or reduced rated for vat purposes , and what other taxes applies , that could make bosnia one of the highest taxed in europe , or it could put it middle of the tree . 
  without specifics of how vat is arranged it 's hard to tell . 
  ( on top of the above , there are additional social security taxes paid by the employer ; that 's standard practice elsewhere too and usually not counted when looking at employee tax rates , though some will include it ) . 
  ( the social security numbers above are from [ this kpmg fact sheet ] ( http://www.kpmg.com/global/en/issuesandinsights/articlespublications/thinking-beyond-borders/documents/bosnia-herzegovina.pdf ) ( pdf ) i found on wikipedia ), 
  the vast majority of the eu has vat higher than 20 % . 
  germany has 19 % and is the only large eu country with standard vat rate below 20 % . 
  sweden has 25 % . 
  a number of things ( such as food stuffs and other essentials ) are zero-rated or charged at a lower vat rate in a number of eu countries , but overall 17 % as the standard rate is very low . 
  greenland only survives due to a massive block grant from denmark . 
  greenland left the eu/eec in 1985 over fishing rights . 
  try telling people they need to move from where their family has lived for generations . 
  that is the primary value . 
  beyond that , tradition , and strategic and potential geological value in terms of resources . 
  in terms of tradition , greenland has an important role in scandinavian folklore - with the first scandinavian colony established by erik the red , father of leiv erikson ( erik was first banished from norway for manslaughter , which got him to move to iceland , then sent away from iceland for three years `` some killings '' - they took things rather lightly back then ), 
  small , remote outposts are expensive ... 
  today , yes . 
  but au is heading ( slowly ) towards a single currency covering large parts of the continent , a single free trade area , and closer political integration . 
  and treating north america as a single region instead of looking at the us in isolation only adds a few years before africa is likely to overtake anyway . 
  the current structure of the eu is basically an attempt to make an end-run against the limitations of con-federation . 
  parliament is weak because it ca n't be strong without constitutional changes in most member states , so the eu has additional organs that derives their power from the power vested in the executives of the member states . 
  it 's a massive mess exactly to ensure there is power to enforce rules , at the same time that everyone knows that trying to get public support for a full federation currently would be even harder . 
  depends on your time horizon . 
  the us will soon enough be the third largest economy after the eu and china - the eu overtook mostly due to expansion ; china is overtaking because of much faster growth . 
  depending on who you trust , if you look at purchasing power parity adjusted gdp instead of nominal gdp , china may already have the 1st place . 
  those shifts will increasingly start to have big effects , e.g. 
  unseating the dollar as the preferred currency in more and more areas . 
  heck , at current growth rates we 're only a few decades away from a scenario where the african union might threaten to overshadow the us in terms of the overall size of the economy . 
  current gdp for the au is around $ 2 trillion - around 1/8 of the us , but the growth rates of most au countries are far higher , some of them astronomically so ( e.g. 
  nigerias gdp went from around $ 68 billion in 2003 to around $ 521 billion in 2015 ) . 
  currently they are far less integrated than the eu , but that 's changing rapidly , with multiple monetary unions starting the process of consolidating the currencies ( interestingly , 14 african countries are already using two currencies backed by the french treasury - the west african and central african cfa franc ) , and multiple overlapping free trade areas gradually coalescing . 
  pretty much exactly like the us in the early days . 
  the reason the us is a federation today was that the original confederation ( under the original 1776 constitution ) was a massive disaster in large part because the various states basically took advantage of the lack of power granted to the central government and took the piss in every possible way . 
  used nobody wanted to give up the advantages , and so tighter integration ended up being the only viable alternative . 
  in all european countries - and most of the world - groups with high unemployment rate and low overall income are hugely disproportionally represented in prison . 
  correct for unemployment and socio-economic status , and such differences tends to even out massively , if not always to parity . 
  doing integration right starts with making it possible for people to get jobs . 
   who then figure out that the more kids they have , the more free money they get immigrants to europe adjusts to european birth rates within about a generation . 
  it happens quickly enough that women who come to europe before having had children on average will give birth substantially later and have fewer kids . 
  by your argument it should be the reverse - they should be having more kids than they otherwise would have . 
  but they do n't . 
  every refugee will come up with a name of a country . 
  the issue is that many legitimate refugees have had legitimate reasons for not having valid id papers . 
  so , you 're sitting there with a bunch of people who claim to be from some country that gives a valid reason for fleeing , without papers , and said country is a wartorn hell-hole , where even if the records still exist the local government may have no interest in confirming their identity for you . 
  what do you do then ? 
  basically your choice boils down to how many genuine refugees you are willing to punish in order to catch as many as possible of illegitimate refugees .
