   a decade or two can change a lot in politics . 
  yes , a lot of old leave voters will have died off . 
  the only thing we largely agree on is that the other side are a bunch of morons . 
  well , it 'll probably distribute quite a lot of wealth away from britain . 
  i guess hypothetically some of that wealth may end up going to the odd poor person . 
  i 'm well to the left of the spd , and merkels treatment of the refugee crisis is something that made me respect her more . 
  i think in general , while there are immediate party-political considerations in praising your political opponents , we should still do that when they do something we agree with . 
  it 's important that the right choices gets support , regardless who made them . 
  in a way it 's even * more * important when the `` wrong '' people make them - it lowers the stakes , and allows for focus on more contentious issues . 
  ideally , yes , but the point is that this often just devolves to mud-slinging rather than fixing the problems . 
  as much as there are people i 'd like to see rotting in prison : not at the cost of continued misery for millions . 
  analyze it , by all means , but sometimes it is better to hold your nose and accept cooperation with scum and learn the lessons later , with some distance and after the problems have been dealt with . 
   so you want to tell me that healthcare in a giant country is achievable ... no , i want to tell you its achievable because russia has provable achieved it in a far larger country while spending ~ 1/4 as much government money as the us government is spending on healthcare * without * providing universal care . 
  here 's another one : canada . 
  still far lower population density . 
  still far larger than the us . 
  still got universal healthcare . 
  i gave the example of norway to give another example of how it is viable to provide top level care in a location with far lower population density , where the population also is spread out far more evenly . 
  i 've explained how you scale this up : you set up multiples systems . 
  i gave examples of that working : the uk ( you can find dozens more ), 
  if they spent most of their day masturbating , they 'd starve to death soon enough . 
  it 's garbage because they pay a tiny fraction of what most developed countries do , but they still manage to provide care for everyone , unlike the us , despite having a far larger country and a tine fraction of the population density and a far more difficult logistical situation . 
  i also mentioned norway , exactly because i knew someone would take issue with the quality of care in russia . 
  but norway is tiny in comparison , so i wanted to point out the largest possible example of universal care too . 
  brushing your teeth * properly * takes way longer . 
  assume that the people who think washing uncut dick is an effort probably do n't spend much time on hygiene . 
  exactly . 
  clearly they 're the type who ca n't be bothered to wash anything if it takes more than a fraction of a second to get access . 
  russia has universal healthcare , is far larger , and has a lower population density . 
  it may not be fantastic , but that 's largely because they 're achieving that while paying a tiny fraction of what the us does for healthcare . 
  countries like norway also have a far lower population density , yet competitive quality of care . 
  the `` oh , it 's so big '' argument has always been total , utter , complete bullshit , firstly because size is irrelevant : you just split the system into smaller independent units . 
  oh , say , by states or even regions within the states . 
  the uk system works like that : the nhs is split into nhs trusts that each manages healthcare in a given region mostly independently , with it 's own management team . 
  some functions are separated out into separate organizations that provide service for all the trusts , such as the organization that evaluates new drugs . 
  this has the other advantage that if one trust fucks up and mismanages , there 's likely going to be a better managed trust nearby that can be tasked with taking over the failing trust . 
  secondly because a lot of countries have lower population density than the us , and lower population density than the us states with the lowest density . 
  i 'd rather not have any physical contact who thinks spending an additional fraction of a second to pull back the foreskin adds so much hassle it 'll affect hygiene , as i 'm assuming said persons overall approach to cleaning is going to be rather ... relaxed . 
  a true pervert . 
  medieval teens would be out working most of the day . 
  i did ( low to high ) , and now i kinda think it 's time norway retakes iceland . 
  but again , that is politics , not religion . 
  the house of lords , for example is in a position where whenever they actually annoy the house of commons , the house of commons reduces their power . 
  the bishops are allowed to stay for now because they 're a tradition and not causing a nuisance , the same way the monarchy is allowed to stay in place because it is tradition and not causing a nuisance , and nobody gives a shit about the pm thing until/unless it causes a nuisance . 
  meanwhile * changing * tradition is always considered a nuisance , so one does not do that unless the alternative is a worse nuisance . 
  british politics is a multi-century long history of secular democracy bootstrapping itself through the attempts of avoiding awkward moments , interspersed by casual imperialism abroad . 
  like e.g. 
  when the parliament act was passed to prevent the lords getting uppity again after they 'd delayed several budgets and only gave in once the king had agreed to government pressure to quietly threaten to flood the lords with new liberal peers . 
  nobody * actually * did anything other than shout a bit in parliament and have a few quiet words , and suddenly the lords had basically been metaphorically knee-capped . 
  the state religion in the uk is primarily politically motivated , not religiously motivated . 
  this is the big difference with the uk . 
  ever since the creation of the anglican church , the church was rapidly sidelined and reigned in , long before it was reigned in most other places in europe - it 's one of the places where the church lost the power struggle early , and where its influence for centuries remained largely as a vestigial bulwark against vatican political influence . 
  the restriction against a catholic head of state similiarly is a vestige of a history of preventing vatican political influence not because anyone gives a shit about what the head of state believes . 
  certainly there are lots of religious people in the uk , but the way the church here had its air supply choked for centuries have left the uk in a peculiar state where the anglican church very quickly was relegated to a role in society that is much more limited to being ceremonial and social than political , but which ironically will probably let it linger longer - it 's meek and unoffensive enough for few people to bother pushing for reforms . 
  no matter how many times people repeat this , it does n't address the original point i made at all : your rightmost significant party is christian-democratic centre-right , well to the left of the uk , and largely as a result of the catholic history . 
  the discussion over whether or not ireland is still religious is an irrelevant sideshow . 
  the * fact * remains that ireland politically in terms of welfare policies is far to the left of the uk , and that this is down to the historical effect of religion on your political parties . 
  the exact level of religiousness in ireland today matters not one bit to that . 
  look , i know what you mean - i 'm from norway , which is one of the most secular countries in the world ( measured in terms of proportion that considers themselves atheist or non-religious ) and it 's tempting to claim it 's not a christian country in any meaningful way . 
  yet norway too , have significant religious elements left in the political structure - a christian democratic party which is tiny but has a supply agreement with the current government and have had two prime ministers in recent times ; a conservative party that holds on to a lot of christian ideals ; some of the strictest alcohol sales laws in europe etc. . 
  when i grew up in the early 80 's , it took parental consent to not be subjected to christian indoctrination in primary school , even . 
  we have shared history when it comes to religious lunacy too : ireland and norway remain the only two european countries to ban life of brian ( in sweden it was marketed as `` so funny it was banned in norway '' ) on religious grounds . 
  but however much or little our countries have secularised since then , the long term political influence of religion has still shaped a lot of our political outlook - just like in ireland , in norway strong christian influence on the right wing parties for very long tempered their free market excesses . 
  you find the same many other places in europe - e.g. 
  germany 's cdu is the same way . 
  the uk , on the other hand , never had this - the tories played down religion from the start , and fought for free market economy since the mid 18th century , before the first modern welfare systems were even created - in the uk christian democracy has never been a significant political trend ; instead you have found smaller christian factions inside both the tories and labour , but the free market forces have dominated in the conservative party and let it slide far to the right on welfare issues compared to most other conservative and christian democratic parties in western europe . 
  there 's still time for a quick little trip . 
  norway 's been left out too . 
  time for a quick little joint viking raid - they 're just a short little paddle away after all , and we can harass the swedes on the way . 
  quite a few anglo-saxons and celts were brought back to scandinavia as slaves too . 
  apparently i likely have some scottish slave ( s ) in my ancestry . 
   ... but according to farage , poland invaded us !, 
  / s have n't you seen the pictures of those evil poles with raf planes ? 
  not only did they invade , they took british planes and attacked germany with them . 
  clearly they 're dangerous and unstable ... ( / s should really not be necssary here , but ... you know ... ), 
   do not tell me that ireland is ` the catholic country it was 30 years ago ' i 'm not . 
  i 'm saying it 's political landscape is still dominated by its catholic history , and that this means that the irish `` right wing '' is still far to the left of the uk when it comes to social welfare . 
  your most right wing political party of any significance is a centre-right christian-democratic one , for example , member of the eu party that the tories left to join a far more right wing one . 
   we were the first country to legalise gay marriage for gods sake where in the world did you get that idea ? 
  ireland did n't legalise gay marriage until 2015 . 
  a long list of countries had legalised long before ( starting with the netherlands in 2001 ) . 
  prior to that marriage was constitutionally between a man and a woman . 
  even civil partnerships did n't exist in ireland until 2010 . 
  certainly ireland still beat plenty of other countries , and it was a promising sign that ireland is liberalising , but you were n't even the first catholic country to legalise gay marriage ( that 'd be spain , a whole decade before you ; spain became drastically more socially liberal in the aftermath of franco though a solid majority still are part of the catholic church ) , and things like irish abortion law still demonstrates how religiously regressive ireland can be - as late as in october , polls showed majority support for retaining one of the most extreme abortion laws in western europe . 
  ( i do also find it hilarious that you invoke god in an attempt to convince me that ireland is n't religious ; yes , i know it does n't mean much - as a lifelong atheist the phrase has left my lips too - but it 's still funny ), 
  people do n't like their simple world view disturbed - hence the sequence of downvotes for this threads , i presume ... 
  first of all i said * most * are more left wing than the uk . 
  even so ireland is a poor example . 
  ireland is still quite religious . 
  religious countries with a right wing political bent tends to be old-style `` small c conservatives '' when it comes to workers rights , welfare etc. 
  fine gael is centre-right christian democratic liberals by continental european standards . 
  they fit in with e.g. 
  germany 's cdu as firmly left of the uk conservatives in terms of social policy . 
  in the eu they 're part of the epp , which the tories used to be members of before they moved to the fringe right . 
  fianna f\u00e1il has over the years supported far left policies like land redistribution , though it too is centrist today . 
  in the eu it 's associated with alde , like the uk lib dems . 
  note that ireland supported the working time directive , for example , while the uk fought it to the end . 
  this is what complicates matters in that of the countries that potentially are as right wing as the uk , most are more religious and several with substantial catholic influence ( e.g. 
  ireland , poland ) , which often results in more support for more expansive social welfare in europe . 
  legally , yes .
