  because the leakers are anonymous , we do n't know their agenda . 
  and yes , it 'd be naive to assume all leakers have good intentions . 
  that does n't necessarily mean the leaks are n't still worthwhile . 
  but they can be just as biased and manipulated as `` official '' released information and we need to be aware of that . 
  the difference is the name greenland was one of the worlds earliest cases of travel industry misrepresentation ( eric the red wanted to attract settlers ) , while in the case of iran the name is historically accurate . 
  it was n't just gerry adams , and not just dubbing . 
  douglas hurd , then home secretary , decided to ban broadcasting of members of a number of northern ireland organisations , including both loyalist and republicans . 
  the intent was n't to ridicule them , but to silence them . 
  and it did n't work . 
  because the result was simply that any statements from those organisations were read out by actors for many years . 
  if anything it made it clear to everyone how much of an effect they were having on the british government that the governent felt sufficiently threatened . 
   but if they go back there , either visiting relatives or vacation , then that means that they are not persecuted !, 
  it 's not nearly that simple . 
  lets say you are gay and live in a country like uganda . 
  you risk death unless you hide your sexuality . 
  that 's a legitimate reason to flee because of how it impacts your life , but it does not prevent you from being able to relatively safely visit . 
  another example : i used to know a turkish communist who wrote about kurdish affairs at a time when even calling them kurds ( they were `` mountain turks '' ) was a criminal offence . 
  he was given a credible tip he would be arrested soon , and fled . 
  but he still wanted to go back - many in his situation would go back for shorter periods and avoid arrest . 
  in his case he waited for norwegian citizenship , hoping that would protect him , or at least save his life if he 'd end up getting arrested . 
  in other words : people have many and varied reasons for fleeing , and many of them are not incompatible with making trips back as long as they watch their mouths and are careful who they talk to , but would be extremely unsafe if they remained living in their country of origin . 
  i 'm sure some people also take the piss - some people always do . 
  but i 've met enough to trust that even most who go back to visit still have real reasons for finding it unsafe to live in the countries they visit . 
  just like many of us will happily go on holiday to countries we 'd never dare live in . 
  most non-eu uk immigrations comes from commonwealth countries , and are not refugees . 
  to your example of eritrea , in q1 2016 , 290 people applied for asylum from eritrea . 
  the * top * country for asylum applications in q1 for the uk was iran with 1492 . 
  total applications for asylum was 8228 in q1 . 
  in q1 , 64 % of applications that were decided were refused . 
  you can find those numbers at the [ british refugee council ] ( http://www.refugeecouncil.org.uk/stats ) . 
  according to the [ official home office figures ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/immigration-statistics-january-to-march-2016/summary ) for the * year * ending q1 2016 there were about 35k asylum seekers - the majority of which will have their applications rejected . 
  for comparison , the same report states that they estimate ~ 72k non-eu long term immigrants for work ( with ~ 170k work visas issued ) and 112k non-eu long term immigrants for study ( with ~ 200k visas issued ) . 
  while the asylum seekers makes up a noticeable portion , even before rejections and removals they make up a tiny minority of migrants to the uk . 
   neoliberalism mostly concerns financial regulation , but eu has plenty of commercial regulation the eu has plenty of financial regulation too . 
  in fact , more than the uk is subject too , because the uk is a lot more liberal in these matters and have negotiated all kinds of special treatment for uk financial services . 
   and stuff like `` bendiness '' of bananas are where the main complaints came from . 
  and of course that stuff is pure and utter bullshit . 
  those kind of standards were defined based on the wishes of businesses and just specified that `` if you want to sell your x using the quality label y , it needs to meet these standards '' . 
  they were presented in the uk as the eu outlawing the sales of produce that did n't meet the stated standards , which was total nonsense . 
  the uk has relatively consistently pushed for fewer protections of workers rights than the other countries have wanted . 
  to the extent where the rest of the eu agreed on special exemptions for the uk for part of the working time directive , for example , in order to get a directive through that had sufficient teeth for the rest of the countries , because successive uk governments have wanted uk workers to have less protections than the other eu countries wanted . 
  so uk working class voters voting for brexit basically voted to remove one of the major forces that have been fighting their corner against successive uk governments . 
  take away the eu influence and chances are other protections will go too . 
  the current uk pm - theresa may - is on record as wanting to withdraw from the european convention on human rights ( though , i believe she 's ruled out trying that this parliament - largely because it 'd cause a rebellion in her own party , including from ministers - e.g. 
  david davis , the `` brexit minister '' , is an outspoken defender of the echr amongst the tories , and they do n't have a large enough majority to deal with that ) . 
  basically the uk electorate is in for a very rude awakening when they get to experience what the parties they vote for will try to do once they 're not subjected to the eu as a moderating force . 
  i think corrections should be accompanied with a requirement to cover the front page with `` we are lying cunts '', 
  `` may cause your brain to leak out of your ears '' `` likely to cause xenophobia , fascism , cancer and fear of cancer '' `` warning : occasional true statements '', 
   there is also a reduced risk of hand cancer if you cut your hand off . 
  yes , i pointed out exactly that :  but this is similar to how your cancer risk in general will be lower if you lop off more off your body - fewer cells = = lower cancer risk in that type of cells . 
  --  circumcision is a religious practice . 
  and it should be banned until you reach adulthood . 
   we do n't have to give every crazy belief validity . 
  in this case , while i agree with you it should n't be done until consent can be given - as i pointed out above - these are not `` crazy beliefs '' , but based in actual research . 
  in the case of the hiv risk ( as well as a number of other , less serious conditions ) , the potential difference is quite substantial , to the extent where there has been substantial debate over whether it justifies circumcisions , or even whether to actively encourage more circumcisions , as a result . 
  a big part of the ethical dilemma there is that condoms is far more effective , and there is a very real risk that telling people that if they get circumcised the risk of unprotected sex is reduced , you might negatively affect condom use . 
  on the other hand there are substantial populations that wo n't use , or ca n't afford to use , condoms , where circumcision might have substantial health impact . 
  [ here 's an article about the cdc considering its advice in this area ] ( http://www.latimes.com/science/sciencenow/la-sci-sn-circumcision-cdc-guidelines-20141202-story.html ), 
  it can easily be both , depending on how the question is posed , or whether the question is even asked ( i 'm in the uk , and have a son , and we were not ever asked - and did n't want it ) . 
  but i do n't know whether it is purely social pressure/habit in the us or doctors asking leading questions . 
  my point was solely that it 's unclear how much people actually care in europe too when it comes to boys ( * female * circumcision is very much a hot topic with very strong negative sentiment in europe , but boys gets lots less attention because it has an image as a quite minor and relatively normal thing ) vs. whether or not it is presented by doctors as something that is seen as good vs. something you have to explicitly request ( and pay for separately , as is the case now ) . 
  i believe - though i 'll readily admit i do n't have numbers to back that up - that people in general have n't thought much about it . 
  it 's possible people in europe today would come out strongly against it if they had to make a decision , but most people are never put in the position of actually making a conscious decision about it . 
  see the bit at the top , not the tables further down , which does n't include the most recent data point :  the cdc data , reported by the new york times , showed that the incidence of circumcision declined from 56 percent in 2006 to 32.5 percent in 2009 . 
  according to these statistics , non-circumcision or genital integrity has become the normal condition among newborn boys in the united states . 
  that 's a 42 % drop in 3 years , down to a clear minority . 
  that 's a pretty extreme drop for something like this in that short time span . 
  of course , it could have been a temporary fluke or flawed numbers . 
  i agree with you . 
  my point , though , is that the number remained persistently high in the uk until the nhs default assumption changed , and then it dropped through the floor , which indicates that at least then most people simply did n't give it much thought . 
  it may have changed , and people may react more strongly to it now . 
  then again , i do n't think most people think about it much when it comes to boys - a lot of people do still see it as a minor thing . 
  the us has , or at least had , the highest circumcision rates of any christian majority country for a very long time . 
  oh , i agree it 's mostly pointless . 
  there are some minor health benefits ( lower hiv transmission risks * if you have unprotected sex * , lower penile cancer risks ) but they are not risks affecting children , and people can make the choice later . 
  my point is more that i think most people simply do n't think much about it , because they do n't have to . 
  in the uk people got it done when it was the default , and mostly stopped getting it done when it stopped being standard practice - which to me indicates people mostly just goes along with what their doctor tells them . 
  [ us circumcision rates have dropped substantially , apparently ] ( http://www.cirp.org/library/statistics/usa/ ), 
  ( edit : i love how i get downvoted for pointing out the facts , while at the same time pointing out that i 'm not in favour of it ; downvoting does n't change the facts , people ) there * are * some benefits . 
  chances of hiv are higher for uncircumcised men who does n't use a condom . 
  but chances of hiv are still so vastly higher when not using a condom that it 's questionable to recommend people to get circumcised for this reason , as it is unclear whether or not knowing this might encourage more high risk behaviour and actually negate the benefit or worse . 
  there 's also a minor benefit in reduced risk of penile cancer . 
  but this is similar to how your cancer risk in general will be lower if you lop off more off your body - fewer cells = = lower cancer risk in that type of cells . 
  note that i do n't think these are sufficient to carry out circumcisions in children - they are risks that occur mainly for adults , so if someone feel they are important they can have it done later . 
  i 'm not so sure how many see it as barbaric , and how many simply does n't get it done because it by default does n't get done . 
  in the uk you can request it , but it will not be carried out otherwise , and that change was enough to make circumcisions drop massively , from being the norm , to being quite unusual over the course of just a few years . 
  most christians in the us have traditionally circumcised their children too . 
  as i mentioned in another comment [ it appears the number of boys circumcised have finally dropped below 50 % ] ( http://www.cirp.org/library/statistics/usa/ ) , but it 'll take a long time before the majority of american men are uncircumcised . 
  [ it 's not the norm any more ] ( http://www.cirp.org/library/statistics/usa/ ) apparently , unless the numbers have reversed in a the last few years ( last numbers mentioned on that link are from 2009 ) , though the decline is recent , and the majority of adult american men is still circumcised . 
  in world war ii , belgium was neutral at the outset , but germany rolled through the country in 18 days , in part to allow them to draw allied forces into belgium , only to have a second force hit them from another side , forcing a retreat and substantially weakening the defence of france . 
  basically france 's defences were in part dependent on the assumption that a threat would n't come from belgium . 
  which would have been fine against an enemy that had n't been prepared to invade a neutral country to get through their territory . 
  unfortunately for everyone , hitler did n't gave a shit about neutrality if it did n't suit him . 
  the issue is when the action you are asked to consider may be worse for the victim . 
  say , someone is being beaten up , and someone wants to throw a grenade at them to break up the fight ... 
  it 's bad to do nothing , but sometimes the proposed action is far worse . 
  london will do ok , though it will get savage for city . 
  it is the rest of england and wales that should worry the most . 
  in the meantime we 've started working on / r/independentlondon ... 
  most wo n't have a choice but to move parts of their business out because they are currently dependent on uk passporting which wo n't be possible any more when the uk leaves .
