   is n't it breach of privacy ? 
  there not there to act according to their personal opinions , but to represent their constituents . 
  if their constituents ca n't know how they vote , then they ca n't hold them to account . 
  consider this : you just asked if it 's a breach of privacy for your employer to have the right to review the work you do . 
  any attempt to amend the bill will be about trying to ensure the tories are responsible for the outcome , not much more . 
  it 's one potential way of being able to go `` we told you so '' when may gives up everything to the eu for a fiver . 
  one direction ? 
  fuck that - i 'm moving back to norway . 
  whatever you think does not stop the fact that others * are * interpreting it . 
  not * trying * . 
  they may be interpreting it in a way that is wrong according to your interpretation , but it does not change the fact that they are . 
  you have a point . 
  in norway , frp ( fremskrittspartiet / progress party ) retained their anti-immigration policies to a large extent , even causing their own coalition partner to negotiate a broad settlement on immigration with * every other party in parliament * rather than come to agreement with their coalition partner and one of the other parties ( they 're a minority government but could get away with support from just a single other party ) . 
  but at the same time they * have * been forced to moderate themselves in many areas . 
  i do n't necessarily think it 's a solution in itself , though . 
  it can help take the worst edges off , but it can also let them demonstrate their ability to function in government . 
  in norway , when the king gave the norwegian labour party it 's first chance at forming a government after the right wing parties had failed to come to agreement , it only lasted two weeks the first time ( there was a solid right wing majority in parliament ) , but it let labour prove that they were * willing * to form a government , and is widely credited as one of the things that let labour continue to grow - it both changed labour and made people more willing to fight for an election victory ( until then labour was a revolutionary socialist party ) and changed their image , in showing to voters they were prepared to step up . 
  the same effect could easily happen for some of these right wing parties - showing they 're prepared to step up might push away some of their more extremist voters , but it could also win them voters from others on the right that have previously written them off as pure protest-parties . 
  it 's a risky game . 
  while - as someone far left - i consider castro an ass and an oppressive dictator , the reason for the difference is simple : magnitudes of difference in the numbers of deaths and political prisoners , and castro managed is a far more ambiguous character - on one hand he certainly did oppress ; on the other hand he provided a massive amount of assistance to a large number of developing countries , both in terms of healthcare , education and military assistance ( e.g. 
  mandela credits cuban help a great deal for their help in pushing the apartheid regime to the negotiating table via their interventions in angola , that helped ensure the collapse of the south african invasion of angola and zambia , and the collapse of the south african puppet regime in namibia , for example ) . 
  they 're not even remotely on the same scale , that 's why it is treated differently . 
  if you 're going to pick fucked up examples that got support from the left that never should have , then at least pick someone like stalin or mao . 
  i have yet to meet a single muslim ( i 'm sure some exist , but of th many i have met , i have n't found one ) that believes that the quran is not widen open to interpretation . 
  in fact , i 've met plenty of muslims with mutually incompatible interpretations of what the quran means . 
  ah , yes , no violence involved in israels illegal occupations . 
  and yet somehow i have met muslims with widely diverging views on what various parts of the quran means . 
  somehow they 've managed to interpret it differently despite your insistence it ca n't be done . 
  well , if you go to norway i think you 'll find they 've invaded 7-11 . 
  it 's a bit like the sinister australian invasion of british pubs . 
  the `` elites '' in this case is simply a shortcut for `` random collection of people with more money and influence than the average worker '' . 
  nothing more . 
  nothing i wrote implied any kind of party that controls negotiations , but it remains a * fact * that political influence is tied to certain political classes - e.g. 
  most top politicians in the uk has been educated at a vanishingly small proportion of top universities . 
  there are exceptions , but the average top politicians have had an extremely privileged background . 
  same is the case in most places in europe . 
  so while our elected politicians are meant to represent everyone , they come from a background that tends to skew their viewpoints quite substantially from those they represent . 
   not some `` elite '' cabal that coordinates things . 
  we agree about that , but this `` elite cabal '' of yours is a strawman that was never implied or stated by anything i wrote . 
  it 's dumb , but the alternative is to be prepared to use war as a means of enforcing it . 
  the cost is simply too high . 
  i 'm not saying it 's enough yet to have a major effect on broad categories , but there are enough individual hikes that a lot of people certainly are directly personally affected . 
  apple ( mac prices up 20 % , app store prices up 25 % ) , microsoft ( price increases up to 22 % attributed to the pound ) are a couple of the ones that immediatly springs to mind because tech prices personally affect me , my friends and colleagues and businesses disproportionately much ( e.g. 
  those two alone have a direct impact on the profitability of many of my clients , and by extension they affect the cash they have available to spend on project likes the ones i live off ) . 
  it does n't help if your overall spending power is largely unaffected , if your spending power for the things you actually want to buy is affected , and inflation does n't capture this well . 
  this is also just the very leading edge of the wave . 
  companies will tend to hold out as long as possible if they fell any kind of competitive pressure , and many of them will have hedged against currency changes for a relatively long period anyway and so many are not affected yet , so we 'll keep seeing these increases piece by piece for a very long time . 
  if the pound stays stable at current levels ( right ... ) , i 'm guessing we 'll start to have a reasonable picture of the full effects on prices about a year from now . 
  there is no `` might makes right '' in international law , but the point is that there is not much of an enforcement mechanism ( and ca n't be unless the entire world agrees on strict enforcement criteria against anyone found guilty , to the extent of being prepared to start wars over it ) , so while there de jure is n't , de facto there is . 
  even if russia 's takeover of crimea is against international law , the icj does not have jurisdiction to make a binding judgement , because neither russia or ukraine have issued a declaration accepting the courts jurisdiction in general . 
  it could * get * jurisdiction if both ukraine and russia voluntarily decides to grant jurisdiction for a case brought by either party , but good luck with that . 
  beyond that , relevant un bodies could ask for an advisory icj finding ... 
  which would achieve pretty much nothing . 
  even if russia was found guilty of something in the icj , enforcement actions would ultimately be down to the security council . 
  want to bet on a veto ? 
  we have great historical examples , such as when nicaragua sued the us in 1986 over us support for military and paramilitary activities in the country . 
  nicaragua won an extensive list of claims , and the icj ordered reparations paid by the us . 
  the us refused to accept the ruling and vetoed enforcement in the security council . 
  the result was that the us substantially limited it 's declaration of acceptance of the courts jurisdiction to prevent similar cases in the future ( the court had to exclude some of nicaragua 's claims based on exceptions in the previous declaration too ) , but the us also never obeyed the courts decision , even though it was bound by combination of treaty and their declaration to do so . 
  the icj can only issue binding decisions if both countries involved in a dispute has either issued a declaration giving the court jurisdiction ( most countries have n't ; neither ukraine nor russia have ) , or consent to binding jurisdiction in a specific case . 
  even then , enforcement ultimately is down to the security council - guess how well that goes if the decision is against one of the permanent seat holders who can veto . 
  the icj has very limited powers , because that 's all anyone would accept . 
  it may be `` convenient '' for them , but the un in general and the icj would certainly prefer it if more states agreed to compulsory jurisdiction , but how would you make that happen ? 
  in any case the * fact * remains that the icj has no legal basis for interfering with respect to crimea at the present moment . 
  the icj has compulsory/binding jurisdiction only when the involved states agree they do , unless both states have made a declaration they preemptively accept the icj 's jurisdiction . 
  neither russia nor ukraine have made such a declaration . 
  so unless both russia and ukraine ** both ** voluntarily decide to try the crimea situation in front of the icj , there 's nothing the icj can legally force either side to do . 
  the case on kosovo is a different type of case : an advisory decision , which can be requested by un bodies and agencies . 
  these decisions do * not * have the force of law . 
  in this case , a decision was requested by the un general assembly . 
  ukraine could ask for a vote on a similar advisory decision , but it would not be legally binding on russia even if the icj deemed the crimea takeover illegal . 
  in either case , the icj can not pre-emptively pick a case on their own - for them to have jurisdiction to issue an advisory decision on crimea , someone ( ukraine , most likely ) would need to petition a relevant un agency to bring the case to the court . 
  so in other words : the icj are not hypocrites in this respect - they handle the cases they are given , and have no legal power to take up cases on their own accord . 
  if you want to complain about hypocrisy , then the party to level the complaint at would be the un general assembly , which is the un body that petitioned the court over kosovo , and who could do the same over crimea ( i have n't looked to see if anyone has asked the ga to consider such a petition over crimea and why/why not , so it 's not clear there 's any hypocrisy there either depending on what reasons there might be for not doing anything ), 
  of course they are preparing for the worst . 
  but preparing for the worst does n't change a thing about what i wrote : that theresa may does n't have the legal authority to make that decision on her own . 
  the comment i responded to is factually wrong . 
  the issue is not that they 're taking their time . 
  i 'm hoping they drag it out forever . 
  the issue is that they promised otherwise , and then went back on their promise . 
  i 'm glad cameron turned out to be a spineless weasel , but that does n't change the fact that he went back on what he promised he 'd do , and that 's a major reason so many estimates had to be changed afterwards . 
  because inflation measures a `` basket of goods and services '' , and not all of them have seen price increases yet . 
  that does n't change the fact of major increases in individual product categories . 
  as someone living in the uk that just came back from spending a week with family in norway : tanking is not a bit of an overstatement . . 
  it 's being felt , both when we travel abroad , and with a series of massive price hikes on various imported goods . 
   theresa may announced literally yesterday that britain is leaving the single market . 
  keep up with the damn news . 
  theresa may does n't have the authority to make that decision on her own , unless the supreme court overrules the previous judgement . 
  she can say what she want , but until she 's either won in the supreme court or parliament approves her plans , there is still not certainty about what will happen , or when . 
  edit : loving the downvotes for stating facts . 
  the notion of the united states of europe dates back at least to napoleon , and was also suggested by victor hugo in 1849 , and bakunin and the french national assembly in 1871 , and many others . 
  it 's an old idea , but an idea that has been tied to elites and rebels rather than regular people . 
  then in '46 churchill brought it up again , and so it had was already on the table before the ecsc . 
  not least because churchill 's idea lead to the council of europe and by extension to the european convention on human rights . 
  the problem is that the goals of the elites are very different from those of ordinary working people , and that is going to create ongoing tension . 
  in that respect , it has moved fast . 
  consider the us - the us was a far simpler state building project , yet the modern , federal us did not truly emerge until after nearly a century of tensions , reworking ( from the original articles of confederation ) , and civil war , had transformed the originally very lose confederation into a singe state . 
  and cameron promised to invoked article 50 right away . 
  they 've had to revise their estimates because the uk government proved to consist of unexpectedly spineless weasels . 
  that 's the only plus in this - the eu can move forward without being held back by the uk , and when the uk is finally desperate enough hopefully it 'll have to just take what 's on the table .
