  `` i 'm sorry , you 've been voted off ; here is your bomb vest '', 
  for some perspective : in 2010 , [ ~ 493 thousand people died in the uk ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/oct/28/mortality-statistics-causes-death-england-wales-2010 ) ( this is the source for all of the following numbers , hopefully i got them all right , but they 're easy enough to look up ) . 
  that makes sense when you consider population size vs. life expectancy - it 's not like we can make people live forever . 
  of those , 158,084 due from circulatory diseases . 
  141,446 of cancer and neoplasms . 
  67,276 of respiratory diseases , of which 25,523 died of the flu . 
  2,011 died from hanging or strangulation ( mainly suicides ) . 
  1970 died in traffic accidents . 
  1523 of accidental poisoning . 
  655 fell down stairs or steps . 
  319 died from assaults . 
  91 people fell out of a building . 
  29 drowned in their bathtub . 
  11 were accidentally suffocated in their bed . 
  why are we focusing on terror again ? 
  it 's at the same level as things like drowning in your bathtub . 
  where is the war on bathtubs ? 
  restrictions on sale of bathtubs ? 
  prison sentences for posession of bathtubs ? 
  instead the uk has a government that strangles the nhs , the organization tasked with helping avoid each of the causes of death that * actually * make up the vast majority of deaths each year , many of which are avoidable . 
  tory policies are literally causing people to die younger than necessary , and their focus on terrorism is taking attention from causes that affects thousands of times more people each year . 
  terrorism is a distraction to keep people from paying attention to what they are doing to the country . 
  to put it a bit stronger : merkel is n't a fascist . 
  i was about to suggest a trade , but i see you 'd be on to us if we did . 
  i 'd personally assume that if i saw someone coming out of one it means they 've been looking for prostitutes , not that they 've made a call . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who was disgusted by that . 
  yes . 
  the only problem with deep packet inspection with respect to vpn 's is that if they you do dpi , they might decide to block traffic that looks like vpns . 
  hence the potential need to hide the vpn traffic . 
  ah , they were both part of the same party , that explains things . 
  i do n't think bad of it at all - i just found it amusing . 
  and suddely the word makes sense to me . 
  in norwgian `` pryl '' is to be beaten , usually used about punishment and very often punishment with a stick or wooden ruler . 
  are all italian pornstars also politicians ? 
  ( tbh i 'm going by a sample of two ), 
  and you do n't need to create unbreakable crypto . 
  all you need is to spin up a vps anywhere in the world and install off the shelf vpn software . 
  if worst comes to worst they 'll do deep packet inspection of all traffic , in which case you 'll need some slightly adjust vpn software that e.g. 
  exchanges encrypted ip datagram hidden in cat pictures . 
  except said vpn solution to be available shortly after they try that bullshit . 
  i mean , you can [ already tunnel ip over dns ] ( http://code.kryo.se/iodine/ ) - as long as there is * any * information channel we can pass encrypted data over it . 
  even the * chinese government * is unable and/or unwilling to stop people who are dedicated enough from bypassing their firewall - their goal is not to stop the dedicated , but to stop their population from casually reading media they do n't like . 
  in other words : these approaches are good for you if you want to run an oppressive dictatorship , not so much if you want to stop terror . 
  for the latter you need people doing actual investigations . 
  but of course we know she does n't want to pay for that , while she does quite fancy some oppression . 
  it does n't matter if you trust them or not , when some cursory examination of what they 're writing in this case will tell you that if anything the consequences of may 's little fascist dream would go much further than that . 
  because the uk economy would face total , utter collapse . 
  the financial industry for example , would be unable to function . 
  so for starters they 'll need a ton of exceptions to the point where it 'll be meaningless . 
  wo n't stop may from * trying * for another fascist power grab , though . 
  the us embassy in norway suddenly one day many years ago sprouted `` flower pots '' . 
  flower pots that just happened to be massive blocks of concrete . 
  nowadays it instead has [ a massive fence and metal bollards ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/bjornsmestad/208297780/ ) until they can move into a new fortress outside the city centre . 
  [ here 's an interesting article on us embassies fortress-like styles ] ( https://maisonneuve.org/post/2012/10/12/revisiting-fortress-embassy/ ), 
  evening standard is a london paper . 
  polling about london is not meaningless to them . 
  some people living in london actually care about what 's happening in london , you know . 
   labour doing well in london ? 
  stop the presses !!!!, 
  labour doing * this * well in polls in london after how low labour has polled previously * is * news . 
  but the big news here is that jc 's * personal * ratings are also massively up . 
  even in london people have preferred may . 
  and while inner london is solidly labour , outer london is not - this may mean labour will pick up a few more seats in london . 
  there are very few places where they are * commonly * worn - they are outlawed more places than they are popular - , but those who wear them that are seen in places like the uk tend to be wealthy tourists all the same . 
  this is splitting hairs - seeing them in the uk is incredibly rare . 
  they mostly wear niqabs . 
  but note the `` and other wealthy places '' above . 
  point being most of the most heavily covered muslims in the uk are wealthy tourists . 
  seeing niqabs is also exceedingly rare in the uk , but i 've seen them more than burqas . 
   but headscarfs are . 
  you know who else often wear headscarves ? 
  conservative christians in many european countries . 
  it used to be common all over europe . 
  when i grew up in norway in the 80 's it was still not unusual to see older women there too with head scarves ... 
  it find it hilarious that people worry over head scarves , when it is such a recent part of european cultural legacy . 
  he means that the party presently in control is religious , while the turkish constitution ( for the time being ) is secular . 
  much more so than in the uk , in fact - atat\u00fcrk was explicitly inspired by the french priciple of la\u00efcit\u00e9 which literally means `` secularism '' but which goes much further in outlawing religious symbolism and influence in government affairs . 
  article 24 of the turkish constitution explicitly prohibits `` even partially basing the fundamental , social , economic , political , and legal order of the state on religious tenets . '', 
  compare with the uk , where the queen is the supreme governor of the church of england , and where christian oaths are the default in a lot of settings , and where religious schools are still given preferential treatment by the state . 
  despite erdogans attempts , the turkish state is still in legal terms at least more secular than the uk . 
  and they 're mostly tourists from saudi arabia or other wealthy places - i 'm pretty convinced you 'll find the highest concentration of both niqabs and burqas in the uk in the higher end department stores on oxford street . 
   true , but i consider a vague suspicion that eg . 
  there are unusually few arab people in the police force enough ground to start keeping data . 
  then we always have grounds to keep data . 
  i 'd be hard pressed to name a situation where there 's no basis for having a vague suspicion there is discrimination of some kind going on . 
  race is relevant when you are trying to identify whether or not people are treated differently based on race . 
  as such what matters is how people self-identify , not objective criteria , because people self-identify in large part based on how they are treated . 
  citizenship does not solve the problem , as racism also hits non-white citizens . 
  it 's a growing problem with norwegian statistics as the proportion of non-white citizens is growing and we increasingly as a result lack data on discrimination due to etnicity . 
  how is it racism to record the information ? 
  racism is treating people differently because of race . 
  recording the information for everyone does not treat anyone differently . 
  if a major employer systematically discards non-white candidates , how do you stop that if you are unable to collect data on how many of their candidates are white vs. non-white and how many of them are successful ? 
  a lot of the time nobody will complain because in isolation they have nothing to complain * about * . 
  a lot of discrimination has only been discovered exactly because of reviewing data and spotting pattern that are not obvious to individuals that only see a tiny portion of the picture . 
  hiring practices is a good example : we * know * from research that even changing the name on cv 's is sufficient to cause discrimination . 
  but each individual applicant have no way of telling if they are being discriminated against or the other candidates were just better . 
  that only tells us about obvious racial attacks . 
  it does not tell you anything about discrimination . 
  we * do n't know * because we do n't have the statistics to make it possible to tell how bad it is in france and portugal .
