  the shah was one of the less brutal autocratic rulers the middle east has had , but he still was responsible for torture , mass arrests of political opponents , and a harsh crackdown on democracy . 
   it also experienced incredible economic growth and development funny how the ending of the crippling british oil embargo , put in place to protect british oil interests in iran , would improve economic growth just as the coup the uk had participated in had succeeded . 
   it was 26 years earlier , and the ayatollahs had hated secularist mosaddegh while they certainly were n't cheering on mossadegh 's secularism , this is massively misleading . 
  the ayatollahs first turned on him after iranian operatives of the cia pretended to be communists and threatened muslim leaders with punishment if they opposed mossadegh , to stir up anti-communist and anti-mossadegh sentiments . 
  this is based explicitly on accounts by donald wilber , one of the cia officers who planned the coup , and was reported extensively by the ny times in 2000 , and the original account wilber wrote for the cia has been released . 
  but this is a strawman . 
  nobody claims the ayatollahs wanted a return of mossadeghs policies wholesale , but that as knowledge of the us and uk involvement in the coup became well known it served to strengthen their fear and hate of foreign interference , and that this fear and hate served to unify the ayathollahs and more liberal forces agains the shah . 
  prior to the destabilisation campaign , the ayatollahs had agreed with mossadegh about many important aspects such as reduction of foreign influence in the iranian economy and nationalisation of the oil industry . 
  when the us involvement in discrediting mossadegh , and the attacks and threats against muslims that were part of their attempts to do so became clear , it substantially strengthened the opposition against foreign and particularly us influence , and helped redeem mossadegh 's reputation in most circles . 
  after the revolution , the willingness of the conservative religious forces to cooperate with more liberal groups can be seen in ayatollah khomeini appointing the former mossadegh deputy minister and close associate mehdi bazargan as prime minister ( bazargan eventually quite in protest against the us embassy attacks ) in recognition of the role many former mossadegh supporters had played in the revolution . 
  the schism between them and the conservatives soon pushed them onto the sidelines , but the ayatollahs actively worked with them as long as they had a common enemy , and tolerated them much longer ( e.g. 
  bazargan remained in parliament and openly criticised the conservative governments that followed his until his term ended in 1984 ) . 
  yeah , i did n't either , until i left moved to the uk , did n't find them anywhere , went online and realised there is n't an english translation , and had to figure out what the original was ... ( english speakers are * really * missing out when it comes to comics ; so many good ones does n't have english translations ), 
  i grew up on comics . 
  in norway when i was a kid in 80 's the best selling titles ( donald duck & co and the phantom ) often sold several hundred thousand copies every week ( donald ) and every two weeks ( the phantom ) . 
  it 's a big deal in norway , and they still sell well enough that norway has a homegrown comics industry , with several comic artists making a fortune from their comics ( nemi being the biggest `` export '' , with translations running in various newspapers , including metro in the uk ) , another big homegrown comic is `` pondus '' , whose creator is also wealthy as a result of his comic . 
  i moved to the uk in 2000 , and have lived here since , and read up on the uk comics back then out of frustration of not finding nearly as many comics here - in norway you could and still can , though the selection is nowhere near as great any more , buy comics in every grocery store , corner store , gas station etc. , while in the uk you generally have to go to specialist comics stores , and even then most of what is for sale are us imports of marvel and dc superhero comics , and while i like those too , i missed the variation i was used to . 
  i looked up the beano specifically because i 've just recently started contracting with their online team ( [ they run beano.com ] ( http://beano.com ) ) , and they 're basically the last bastion of the once huge uk comic market . 
  and i 'll correct myself : commando is also still in print in the uk ( current circulation apparently 9,600 copies a month ) - also published by the same publisher as the beano . 
  it 's hard for me to say what caused the disastrous decline of comics in the uk , but it is likely that it was largely tied to tv , and this explains to a great extent how other markets survived longer : e.g. 
  in the 70 's through mid 80 's , the uk had a much wider amount of childrens entertainment on tv than scandinavia for example . 
  in norway , if you did n't have cable , and only a minority had cable until the late 80 's , a lot of people would have had only one tv channel , with those near the border to sweden picking up the then two swedish broadcasters too . 
  i think it 's likely you 'll find sales numbers in many of these countries tracking closely with the rise of more alternative childrens media . 
  i think the uk was hit particularly hard because not only was the market big enough for more diversity in the tv market earlier than many other places , but sharing language with the us also meant there was a lot more high quality tv content available in languages kids understood , coupled with us comics imports that were impossible to compete with for the homegrown market . 
  conversely , in norway - and the rest of scandinavia - , while marvel and dc comics got translations that sometimes did amazingly well for the size of the market , having to edit and translate them did n't give them as huge a cost advantage over homegrown comics ( and the untranslated imports never did well , and is/was mainly sold in specialist stores ) as they had in the uk . 
  i 'm sure there are other cultural reasons too . 
  viggo is gaston lagaffe in the french original . 
  i 'm sure he 's had other names in other translations . 
  yes , but i 'm not sure if it was translated to english . 
  i read it in norwegian ( `` viggo '' ) . 
  also franquins id\u00e9es noires , which i also do n't think have been translated to english ( a translation was in progress , to be published by fantagraphics , but the translator died ) ; that too was translated to a number of other languages with more comics culture . 
   also , i work with a lot of british people between 20 and 30 who never heard of asterix . 
  i thought it was a uk thing , but maybe it 's just generational . 
  comics in general has seen a massively steep decline everywhere over the last two decades , but have done far worse in the uk than many other places . 
  to give a sense of the scale , i believe beano is now the only surviving uk magazine that really resembles a comic book , and it sold nearly 2,000,000 copies per issue in 1950 , while it 's current circulation is about 31,000 per week . 
  this means multiple comics in norway , for example , outsell it , despite a population of ~ 5m in norway vs. ~ 60m in the uk . 
  i think it 's the same for most of the translations - they pretty much had to in order to retain the flavour of comedy given how much it depend on puns . 
  and exactly how is that relevant to any of what i wrote ? 
  i seriously question your reading comprehension . 
  where the fuck did you get any mention of sex slaves from , for starters ? 
   the amount of women that would cover up after you remove force and childhood indoctrination is probably minimal . 
  in many muslim countries women have driven the rise of the hijab and even the niqab . 
  in others women have fought it . 
  it 's not at all that clear . 
  but `` probably '' is a bad thing to set policy by and restrict freedom by . 
  and male muslim leaders have also been on both sides of that struggle . 
  [ here is a clip i like to point people to , with gamal abdel nasser ( then president of egypt ) ridiculing the muslim brotherhood for asking hijabs to be made mandatory in 1958 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ziqdrfefbk ) - it 's worth keeping in mind that the muslim world has not been united on this subject for a very long time - if ever - , and many leaders of muslim countries have through the years resisted or fought against demanding hijabs . 
  part of the problem has been that the west indirectly caused the fall of a lot of the more culturally/religiously liberal regimes by propping up in the face of public opposition , corruption and oppression , resuling in strong counter-currents and the growth in power of groups like the muslim brotherhood across the region . 
  directly related to this article : in iran , the shah was culturally liberal , and the government preceding him was too , but by supporting the overthrow of the previous regime and supporting the shah , the west laid the groundwork for the religious dominated counter-reaction , and iran is still paying the price . 
   i do think that these people need help . 
  i agree that many of them do . 
  but we will not help them with illiberal laws that gives their oppressors something to point to as an excuse for their own illiberal laws , and that helps let their oppressors frame it as a cultural war or attempt to fight their religion . 
   those women are a disgrace . 
  so you want to dictate how they should dress . 
  how is that any better ? 
  and their host country is free to throw them right back out again if they feel offended or you break their laws . 
  diplomats that wants to do their jobs needs to be mindful that while they are protected from arrest , they are not guaranteed a right to be able to do their job . 
  to be able to do their job , they need to actually be diplomatic , and that means showing respect for their hosts even if they dislike it or find it offensive . 
  if they have problem with that , they should n't be diplomats . 
  it * is * part of doing their job to act respectfully - often painfully so - to the country they are operating in , in order to be able to convey the messages they are there to convey . 
  there is a difference between `` i do n't like it , but i value peoples freedom to choose more than my feelings '' and `` i do n't like it , so i 'll complain and try to restrict how others dress '' . 
  personally , i 'd prefer if it does n't become more common , but at the same time i take * far more offense * at people being forced to conform ( and yes , i see the problem that arises out of some portions of women who get forced into wearing these clothes ; but forcing people not to wear them because some are forced to wear them just replaces one oppressive force with another ) . 
  the latter i see as a direct assault on liberty and a direct threat to the kind of society i would like to live in . 
  that 's true , but the difference is more plainly visible in saudi arabia because the religion is extremely strict , and extremely strict in very visible ways . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  diplomatic immunity is covered in part by treaty , in part given to those accredited on a case by case basis by the receiving country . 
  the host country can refuse to accredit them unless covered by treaty , can refuse to admit them whether or not covered by treaty , and can also tell them to fuck off out of the country . 
  if you offend enough , expect to get expelled , or simply have the hosts refuse to meet with you . 
  so in the above case the saudi hosts explicitly chose to accept this . 
  note that this should not be that surprising : while saudi arabia certainly is extremist , the royal family which encompass most of the higher officials , is paying lip service to a lot of the religious aspects , because it 's expedient for them to do so to keep control . 
  i personally know someone who has partied with a saudi government minister in a club where far more skin would be on display . 
  as such , they 're not likely to personally give a shit . 
  they keep up pretenses because it keeps the clerics on their side and keeps their population in line . 
  makes them even worse in my eyes - they maintain extremist policies they largely do n't even believe in . 
  high recent percentage changes in immigration maps almost exactly to where the number of immigrants is low . 
  a 479 % growth in boston to end result of 15.4 % means an increase from around 3.2 % , for example . 
  but whether the underlying cause is low immigration or a high percentage rise , the link to xenophobia is clear , when e.g. 
  high population growth without immigration does not cause the same response , and when opposition tends to be far lower in areas where people have gotten used to high immigrant populations . 
  ( i would also like to make clear that i used the word xenophobia specifically because it does not necessarily imply racism - fear of the unknown does not imply people hate or look down on people because of race ; if it was racism , we 'd expect to see the anti-immigrant sentiment persist even as people get used to the immigrant populations - that it drops significantly over time implies that people fear the effects rather than hate the people ), 
  they can only stay if they can get jobs or sustain themselves . 
  if they are allowed to stay , in other words , the uk government is either being more lenient than it has to be , or they are contributing to the economy . 
  uk unemployment figures are low enough that it would be a total economic catastrophy to stop immigration . 
  some reduction could be done , but anything more than token reductions will harm economic growth . 
  if people are claustrophobic , it 's their fear that is the problem , not the existence of confined places . 
  likewise , it 's peoples xenophobia that is the problem in this instance . 
  note how the resistance to immigration in the uk is generally highest where there are fewest immigrants . 
   if you let millions of people from a poor countries with a different culture move to another country then that simply wo n't work . 
  but it * is * working . 
  the problems with eastern european immigration are not in the areas where they live , but fear from those who live in areas with few of them . 
  it has nothing to do with their culture , and everything to do with xenophobia . 
   personally i am not against immigration but i rather end free movement with eastern europe then have the far right winning elections and seeing the eu fall apart . 
  if you end free movement , the eu will have fallen apart . 
  as the article points out , 1 ) you can insist on 7 years transitional caps , and 2 ) you can throw out anyone who does n't get a job who ca n't otherwise sustain themselves . 
  even so , the issue is not primarily that she could n't do it , but that she kept promising to do it while not doing a thing . 
  her lies and/or incompetence was a large part of building up under the belief that we could do nothing while in the eu . 
   you ca n't reduce eu immigration because of free movement . 
  two issues with that : 1 ) then she should n't have promised that . 
  2 ) it is wrong - try actually reading the article . 
  i 'm against reducing immigration in the long run , and not thrilled with it even in the short run , but the issue here is that theresa may keeps promising these things and thinking she can get away with not delivering , and it 's one of the reasons we end up with crap like brexit . 
   but what 's 7 years ?
