   in communism , the goal is a dictatorship of the proletariat where society enforces standards and rules without the need for central government . 
  the dictatorship of the proletariat is a means , not the goal , in marxism . 
  in marxist terms , dictatorship refers to power wielded by the state , and hence marx referred to capitalist societies as the dictatorship of the bourgeoisie , whether or not they were actual dictatorships in common use of the terms , or if they had elected governments . 
  the two terms are used to illustrate a central aspect of marxist theory of the state , which is that the state only exists as a political power in order for one class to oppress the others . 
  so the dictatorship of the proletariat in marxism is meant to be the phase of * socialism * , where the working class has overthrown the capitalist class , and is oppressing the capitalists by e.g. 
  stripping away their capital assets , and by doing so gradually forces the capitalist class to become workers , eventually eradicate the class struggle . 
  at * that * point , the state would `` whither away '' , according to marxism , as it would no longer serve a purpose if there is no class ( es ) to rule over . 
  without a state , there could then no longer be a dictatorship of the proletariat ( or of anything else ) . 
   yet karl marx and nearly everyone after him said that the way to achieve this was with a vanguard communist party marx said no such thing . 
  the theory of the vanguard party was put forward by lenin based on ideas from karl kautsky , in `` what is to be done ? 
  '' , published in 1902 , 19 years after marx death , exactly because lenin did * not * agree with marx ' argument that the working class would inevitably become politicised on its own through ongoing conflict with employers . 
  the idea of the vanguard party is part of marxism-leninism/bolshevism and ideologies based on that ( such as maoism ) , but not part of marxism . 
   the communist party that ruled russia was charged with transforming the nation , a task they deliberately dragged out indefinitely in favour of keeping absolute control . 
  they were not charged with anything - they took power from the socialist preliminary government in a coup . 
  the `` october revolution '' is a pr term . 
  by the time it happened , the czar was in house arrest and had not ruled for months , free elections had been held for a constituent assembly to write a new constitution , and the bolsheviks had thoroughly lost said election , getting only about 10 % of the vote . 
  so they used their control of parts of the army and their support amongst workers in the big cities , to overthrow a government consisting of the socialist and communist parties that won an overwhelming majority of the votes for the constituent assembly ( sr , left sr , mensheviks ) . 
   i suppose an anarchist may have similar beliefs . 
  possible , though if so they 're not really in line with most `` mainstream '' anarchist ideologies ( then again keeping tabs of ideologies defined by their lack of respect for authority is rather hard ) . 
  most anarchists broke with the first international in the 1871 split between bakunin and marx because they did n't agree with marx ' theory of a socialist transitional period , out of concern that it would be abused ( somewhat justified , one might argue , given the bolsheviks ) , but instead felt that the state needed to be destroyed right away as part of the revolution . 
  marxism and most anarchists largely agree on the end goal of a state-less society - the big , huge sticking point is that intermediate stage . 
  but that 's not enough to get people to consider themselves british , though , so there 's little reason to assume it 'll get people to give a shit about the commonwealth . 
  no , i am saying that expecting anarchists to hold the same opinions about what the right anarchist view is , is comical . 
  there 's an old joke ( not very funny ) that if you put two marxists in a room , you 'll get three mutually inconsistent views of what marxism is . 
  with anarchists it 's more like 5 different views . 
  maybe it has , i do n't know , whether it has or not is entirely irrelevant to the explanation i gave . 
  i found it funny , but at the same time i was cringing . 
  it 's definitively in bad taste and gross , but things can be both funny and in bad taste at the same time . 
  sometimes * because * of how crude and in bad taste it is . 
  but humour like that is extremely hit and miss and subjective and context dependent - e.g. 
  i 'd probably not have been able to laugh at it if it hit closer to home . 
  i wonder how far he can take this before it blows up in his face - literally and/or figuratively - by radicalising people who were previously just talking about opposing him and pushing them into picking up arms . 
  declaring people to be dangerous , and pushing them out of jobs , some of the probably into poverty , has a long history of making people try to live up to the label they 've been assigned . 
  no , everyone knows how many people * voted * for either side * then * . 
  opinions change - hence why we do n't just have a single election and leave it at that . 
  circumstances change . 
  especially given how close it was , it is absolutely reasonable of people to want to campaign to build support for overturning the decision . 
   and a rally in london would n't change anybody 's opinion . 
  if that is the case , then they are just wasting their time then . 
  but that 's something they are free to do . 
  a non-binding referendum was held . 
  neither government nor parliament have acted on it and actually activated article 50 which is necessary to start the process to leave . 
  at the very least until then , yes it * can * be changed , though how likely that is depends on how long they drag out activating it . 
  after activating article 50 , nobody really knows - there are conflicting legal opinions on whether it is possible for the uk to unilaterally stop the process , and if not , it is unclear if the eu member states would consent to it . 
  now that is the issue of whether it * can * be stopped . 
  whether it * will * be stopped is a very different question - it 'd be political suicide to ignore the referendum result unless there are very large shifts in opinions first , or unless ( assuming it can be halted after article 50 is invoked ) the negotiations go really badly . 
  edit : got to love being downvoted for explaining the situation without expressing any opinion on whether it would be right or not . 
  the only word i have for someone who considers demonstrations to be `` undemocratic and treasonous '' is : fascist . 
  protesting is usually more a matter of demonstrating support for an idea to get others to join you , than it is a direct attempt at changing a decision . 
  people in britain are less and less likely to even see themselves as british vs. english , scottish etc. , so trying to get people to see themselves as part of the commonwealth is dead on arrival . 
  the uk is not likely to still exist as a single country in 20 years , much less with an identity based on the commonwealth . 
  it 's almost as if * gasp * they 're not a single person with a unified view . 
  i find it hilarious when people try to treat * anarchists * of all people as a cohesive group expected to all hold the same views . 
   considering eea has basically nothing to do with social policy , i do n't get how the uk is all that to the right of norway and iceland . 
  social policy * is * covered by the eea agreement , and is incidentally one of the areas of the eea agreement that is least controversial in norway , as in most respects norwegian law goes much further . 
  the working time directive was adopted into norwegian law without exceptions , as part of the eea agreement , unlike the extensive uk opt-outs . 
  it also is not only about the eea , but also to do with efta . 
  the easiest route to eea membership outside of the eu , is efta membership - otherwise there would need to be a trilateral negotiation of a new treaty between the eu , efta and the new state . 
  in efta , norway is basically in the drivers seat currently , and preventing `` social dumping '' , and ensuring fairness is a policy goal for norway in negotiating trade agreements with third parties outside of the eea , and that is an area where the uk is far to the right of norway , with e.g. 
  the working time directive exemptions , and anti-union sentiment in successive uk governments being pulled out as examples of how uk priorities are very different . 
  even norways current government , consisting of a coalition between the norwegian equivalent of the tories , and a right wing populist party to their right is as anti-union anti-labour rights as the tories are . 
   you guys are pretty liberal , just have high taxes . 
  socially liberal , less so economically . 
  the norwegian state is one of the largest shareholders in norway . 
  the high tax thing is largely a myth . 
  norway and iceland are actually just a few places above the uk in the oecd rankings of total personal taxation burden ( and below a majority of the eu countries ) . 
  in terms of total taxation levels , norway is usually closer to the uk than it is to e.g. 
  france or germany . 
  yeah , there are countries where left wing opposition to the eu might make sense , but the uk is not it . 
  unless they want to exit to help the rest of the eu by removing a persistent right wing pain in the butt . 
  edit : funny thing is , right before the vote , there were rumblings that norway might just have to consider vetoing uk accession to the eea if the uk wants that afterwards , because they 're worried that if the uk were to join the eea - which means joining efta if you 're not a eu member - , then it would probably push efta far to the right and change focus to entirely different things than norway wants . . 
  despite living in the uk now , i kinda want to see that happen , just to see the confusion and desperation set in ( in reality , the eu could just demand changes to the eea treaty so the uk could join outside of efta , with it 's own separate arrangement ), 
  that 's true . 
  but it 's not that many years ago that people would be shocked at the idea that any country would allow gay marriage . 
  so does not wanting biological offspring or actually being infertile , yet heterosexual couples do n't have to answer questions about whether or not they want kids or go through testing to ensure we are fertile before we 're allowed getting married . 
  meanwhile plenty of gay couples have biological children , albeit obviously not blood-related to both people . 
  so why do n't you just admit your real reasons for being against gay marriage . 
  not in the uk . 
  it * can * be illegal , depending on context and ( and this is the fun part ) whether or not someone is sufficiently offended . 
  how is it practical ? 
  what if said husbands instead refuse to let their wives leave the house . 
  congratulations , you 've now made their lives even worse by trying to `` help '' . 
  unlike political opposition in north korea , other religions are legally protected in iran , and ayatollah khomeini put in place a fatwa demanding good treatment of jews and others . 
  christianity , judaism , and zoroastrianism are recognised as official religions next to islam in the iranian constitution , and representatives of these religions have legally guaranteed a minimum number of seats in parliament . 
  iran has plenty of flaws when it comes to freedom of religion and political freedoms , but comparing it to north korea is simply ignorant . 
  it 's an encouraging sign of progress , to see how many people in this thread are expressing surprise at the * lack * of gay marriage somewhere . 
  i did n't know being gay made you infertile . 
  in the uk at least , lawyers median salary is well below the uk average . 
  with advancement opportunities etc. 
  your odds of earning a decent wage would likely be better at mcdonalds . 
  if you get a job at a top law firm you can make a fortune , but you 'll also work yourself nearly to death , and only a tiny proportion of people ges that chance . 
  you just did it . 
  hint : `` the plurality of ... '' . 
  since in this case the plurality was also a majority , you could use that too . 
  / r/independentlondon is a thing . 
  you could put ten londoners in a room , and they 'd all do that . 
   they thought i 'm loaded with us dollars ( no idea why this currency is so popular there ) it 's popular almost everywhere where the local currency is perceived as weak and/or undergoing high inflation because it is perceived as stable and in demand for paying for imports ( so even if you 're not directly going to pay someone foreign , there 's always a demand for foreign currency to pay for imports ) . 
  heck , i 'm in the uk and would love some us dollars at the moment ( i 'm an it consultant , and i 'm explicitly going after us clients at the moment because the pound has been tanking after the brexit vote ), 
   while true it still gives useful data . 
  if the groups are large enough , you can no longer compare it to the anecdotes of somebody who is clearly is n't impartial .
