  they wo n't `` leave '' as such , as there 's no reason for them not to do business here . 
  they * will * shift a lot of traders etc. 
  elsewhere because simply wo n't be able to do offer a lot of services to eu clients from outside the eu . 
  norway does n't need to do anything to get access to the uk market . 
  while the uk is one of norways largest trading partner , the vast majority of norwegian export to the uk is oil and gas , which the uk is heavily dependent on . 
  and norway 's market position is such that if the uk goes elsewhere for oil and gas , other buyers will be driven to norway - the supply is not elastic enough that a large buyer like the uk can easily go elsewhere without distorting prices . 
  norway 's imports from the uk , on the other hand , are far smaller . 
  now , i do n't think the uk will get bad terms , but not because they 're in a good negotiating position , because the trade balance is such that the uk basically would just hurt itself by setting import tariffs , but because norway has little to gain by putting import duties on most products imported from norway - little of it competes with norwegian products . 
  polls in norway have gone the `` wrong way '' . 
  resistance has pretty much never been higher . 
  if it happens it will take major economic upheaval in norway to make it seem more attractive , and major economic growth in the eu , coupled with large scale democratic reforms . 
  norway has another concern , that has been repeatedly mentioned in norwegian papers : if the uk goes for eea membership or a similar variation , norway fears that what with norwegian eyes is uk neo-liberal politics would be a threat to the current balance and pull attention away from e.g. 
  social and labour rights interests that norway shares with many of the eu countries and the remaining efta countries , but not with the uk ( as witnessed by e.g. 
  the uk opt out from the working time directive ) . 
  not only will norway be cautious about negotiating with the uk , norway could end up seeking to veto uk eea membership should the uk try to get a `` norwegian deal '' , and will likely lobby to ensure that whatever position the uk gets vs the eu does not have an impact on the eea agreement . 
  basically uk politics are too us-like for norwegian sensibilities . 
  the ftse100 contains a substantial number of companies that has a huge chunk of revenue in other currencies . 
  as a result , their revenues in * pounds * is gone up substantially . 
  i met with someone in a uk company the other week that was ecstatic because most of his revenue was in euros and dollars , so it was like free extra money to him , for example . 
  since the index is in pounds , at the same time their shares have become far cheaper to foreign investors . 
  unsurprisingly this has resulted in a bounce for those companies . 
  look at the ftse250 , on the other hand , and it 's substantially down , because that includes a lot of companies that depends on revenue in pounds , and so while their shares are cheaper when measured in dollars or euro , their revenue and earnings have dropped accordingly when measured in those currencies , so even before we see other effects they 're worth less to foreign investors . 
  overall there are far more companies in the uk who receives most of their income in pounds . 
  in that respect the ftse100 is n't telling us how companies in general are doing at all . 
  in neither case do we yet see how the longer term development will be as it becomes clear what the terms of an exit will be . 
  a lot of the companies that have gone up so far may be in a very different situation two years from now if it looks like the uk does n't get full access to the eu markets , for example . 
   the truth is , it would still be down without the referendum . 
  it would still be down , but it dropped substantially further , and is still under increased pressure before we 're even affected by the long term consequences . 
  i 'm not convinced the risk would be higher that way . 
  maybe if the new pm comes out of no 10 and says `` fuck brexit - the leave camp are a bunch of wankers anyway '' while laughing . 
  what would happen instead if the government decides it does n't want to go there and actually is even remotely smart about it would be that they would arrange to make a range of ludicrous demands sourced from the leave camp ( heck , maybe even invite some ukip ` ers to participate in negotiations - that alone would be enough ) , get laughed out of brussels by an eu not even prepared to negotiated before article 50 is invoked , keep on pushing and discussing and debating until polling shows support for leave dropping in the face of shitty terms ; ensure lots is written about how they 're unable to get a decent deal . 
  exploit any bad news and talk about how it 's down to the threat of brexit . 
  then finally decide to postpone it until the next general election , to let `` people have a say '' on the terms , while talking lots about keeping the union together etc. 
  if they 're even smarter , they 'd try to actually address some of the reasons people are pissed off in the meantime , but they may not consider that necessary . 
  there 'll be years of resentment if it goes ahead too . 
  scotland will leave . 
  gibraltar and northern ireland will see significant pushes by people who wants to leave . 
  khan has demanded devolution for london , and there are those of us planning to push for independence for london . 
  the uk will not last if brexit goes ahead . 
  it may not last if it ends up not going ahead either . 
  britain leaving will mean there wo n't be a uk in a few year time . 
  this is going to be a total shitfest either way . 
  because he 's the dog who 's chased a car for years and finally caught up with it , and realised he has no fucking idea what to do next , because the entire identity of ukip is tied up in * not having achieved this yet * , and his identity has become tied up in ukip . 
  that 's ok , it appears the british summer has decided to go awol anyway , so they 're not missing much . 
  it 's too early to tell , and the chances of an actual brexit probably actually went up when boris withdrew from the race , as it was clear from his post-referendum article that he had little appetite for it . 
  on the other hand , it 's gone down again after it became clear that gove probably does n't have a shot . 
  every day that goes by without article 50 being invoked , i 'd say the chance of brexit goes down , as it increases the odds of further economic upsets to spook people and/or of a poll appearing that people can use to justify overriding the referendum and/or other considerations . 
  a situation where uk politicians have to choose between making a deal to try to keep scotland in the union or brexit . 
  this is particularly relevant since there is a clear remain majority in parliament , so with a legal challenge ongoing to attempt to obtain a ruling making clear the pm ca n't unilaterally invoke article 50 , to prevent brexit `` all '' that is needed is sufficient reasons ( whether or not you consider it an excuse ) for the remain majority in parliament to consider it justified to vote according to their beliefs instead of according to the referendum . 
  tl ; dr : who the fuck knows whether it 'll happen or not . 
  it 's not up to junker either way . 
  until article 50 is invoked it is entirely up to the uk . 
  after that , it is a matter of unanimous consent of the member states . 
  it has recovered because it quickly became clear that there is a good chance that article 50 will ever be invoked , and a good chance that * if * it gets invoked it may take a long time , and a good chance that the next government * if * it invokes article 50 will basically negotiate on the basis of trying to regain as tight an association to the eu as possible , so the initial panic was too soon . 
  couple that with expectation that this will result in further reduced interest rates , and the fact that the tories have now abandoned the goal to balance the budget by 2020 , as well as a pledge from osborne to reduce corporation tax to 15 % - one the lowest of any major economy in the world ( and drastically cutting treasury income in the process - it 's a move of massive desperation ) , as well of bank of england hinting at reducing capital requirements for banks ( that were shored up in the aftermath of 2008 , because we saw the consequences of low capital requirements - another move of desperation ) . 
  so it is recovering on the basis of what is de facto massive reductions in costs for corporations that we are all going end up paying for down the line . 
  the further problem with this , is that a lot of the initial counter-measures have now been priced in , so once the shit actually hits the fan , there are far fewer remaining counter-measures left on the table . 
  theresa may is sufficiently extreme that if she wins and starts trying to force through some of the more controversial stuff she wants , there 's good chance of enough tory rebels to cause repeated defeats in the commons to start creating a bad enough atmosphere for her majority to become unworkable , so there 's a chance . 
  it depends whether she tries to be pragmatic and conciliatory , or if she decides to try to push through as much as she can . 
  the problem , of course being that at the moment the outcome of a general election might very well end up being even worse . 
  the peace and prosperity in the eu at the time works against how i understood his argument . 
  the point is , the eu was started as a project to ensure peace , and while european countries outside the eu has had plenty of wars since , the eu member states have not . 
  `` thaler '' also comes from `` thal '' - obsolete german form of tal , which is valley or `` dale '' in english , and `` dal '' in norwegian ( `` thaler '' is `` daler '' in norwegian ) , though looking up the etymology it looks like these does n't come from thorn . 
  likely same basis for the choices of th vs t vs d though . 
  a lot of the people who want more eu integration also want a smaller eu bureaucracy . 
  the problem is that the current model has grown all kinds of byzantine mechanisms to work around the sovereignty issue . 
  if the eu went fully federal , the eu council could be removed , or turned into a far less powerful second chamber of the eu parliament . 
  even many people who think big governments are perfectly fine still wants to trim down the eu , but first the sovereignty knot needs to be resolved , and incidentally there the uk has been pushing on the brake continuously for years , so who knows , maybe brexit will help resolve some of it . 
   ( see the balkans and every empire that ever existed ) . 
  many of those empires - including the hre - lived longer than most modern nation states have existed , so it 's way too early to say whether or not nation states will prove more resilient . 
  i do n't know of * any * far-left or europhiles who are happy with eu in its current form , so i wonder who those far-left/europhiles who refuse eu reform would be . 
  a lot of the far left is anti-eu . 
  of the ones that are for eu , every group i know about want drastic reforms . 
  most europhiles i know would like to see a massively reformed federal system . 
  i do n't think i 've heard anyone claim the current eu model is great , even from people who are massively pro eu . 
   are we going to pretend the 80s and the 90s were times of wars and out-of-control nationalisms ? 
  quite the opposite , they were times of peace and prosperity . 
  that is a very blinkered outlook . 
  where are you from ? 
  from [ wikipedia 's list of armed conflicts in europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_conflicts_in_europe#21st_century ) : * 1988 -- 1994 nagorno-karabakh war * 1989 romanian revolution * 1990 -- 1991 soviet attacks on lithuanian border posts * 1991 january events * 1991 the barricades * 1991 ten-day war ( slovenia ) * 1991 -- 1992 georgian war against russo-ossetian alliance * 1991 -- 1993 georgian civil war * 1991 -- 1995 croatian war of independence * 1992 transnistria war * 1992 east prigorodny conflict * 1992 -- 1993 first georgian war against russo-abkhazian alliance * 1992 -- 1995 bosnian war * 1993 cherbourg incident * 1993 russian constitutional crisis * 1994 -- 1996 first chechen war * 1997 albanian civil war of 1997 * 1998 -- 1999 kosovo war * 1998 -- present dissident irish republican campaign * 1998 second georgian war against russian-abkhazian alliance * 1999 war of dagestan * 1999 -- 2009 second chechen war * 1999 -- 2001 insurgency in the pre\u0161evo valley now , you can reasonably argue that a number of these are irrelevant to most current-day eu countries , but many were not . 
  as it stands , the 90 's saw a drastic increase in military conflicts in europe , arguably to the highest level since world war ii , a great number of them driven by nationalism . 
  as for the economy , perhaps you have forgotten about the [ early ' 90 's recession following the black monday of october 1987 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_1990s_recession ) - it was by no means plain sailing in terms of the economy either . 
  i remember how stressed out my parents were in that period , as interest rates across europe ( and elsewhere ) skyrocketed and threatened to make millions homeless . 
  the 90 's also had a first major wave of populist european nationalism , with parties like front national in france marching in paris with nazi-style arm bands - my french teacher brought us to one of the may day demonstrations in paris in '93 to watch , because he wanted us to see how scary they were , and it was a terrifying eye opener . 
  current day fn is a moderate shadow of its former self , thankfully . 
  the holy roman empire lasted for 8 centuries , and survived longer than most members of the empire , most of which were not nation states in a modern sense at all . 
  as for the eu , it has by now survived longer than a number of european nation states . 
  the league of nations was not a confederation in any sense of the word - it was as loose as the un . 
  i 'd not be convinced by that argument . 
   in my perfect world the eu puts itself on the chopping block and changes its formal structure to address the legitimate complaints of people in eu nations ( blatant lack of democracy seems relevant to this thread ) . 
  the problem with this is that to fix the lack of democracy would require a structural change that would require constitutional changes in a number of member states . 
  the current eu structure is there to basically work around flaws in a basic confederative model ( where sovereign states join together but retain their sovereignty ) that dogged the us for years under the original articles of confederation , because trying to go fully federal would meet massive public opposition . 
  there are two solutions : move forwards towards a federal model , or move backwards and basically drastically roll back the eu . 
  `` nobody '' likes the current model . 
  the problem is people disagree on where to go . 
  yeah , well , about that ... we 'll get back to you on that . 
  that sounds like a threat . 
  `` th '' in these words comes from thorn ( \u00fe ) . 
  outside of english , thorn has been largely replaced by either * d * or * t * rather than * th * . 
  consider `` thick '' vs `` dick '' ( german ) or `` tykk '' ( norwegian ) , or `` thursday '' vs donnerstag ( german ) or torsdag ( norwegian ) - named after the norse god thor/tor / \u00de\u00f3rr in english and norwegian , and thunder in german so not an as direction comparison - or `` these '' vs `` dieser '' / `` diese '' etc.
