  our nearest neighbours vote bnp ... 
  here 's the thing : to us they 're always nice and helpful and polite . 
  they have black friends . 
  they `` solve '' this in conversations by appending `` oh , not you of course '' to every offensive statement . 
  as it turns out , their hate is directed at some nebulous `` others '' that they do n't know and have n't ever actually met . 
  it 's other immigrants that steal their jobs and rape their women and are overrunning the country - not the ones they 've actually seen face to face , which near instantly get redefined into a `` safe '' category that does n't really count as immigrants any more . < they express racist , xenophobic and anti-immigration views , but what they 're * really * expressing is fears about the economy , crime and their way of life that they 're being * told * to blame on this nebulous group of `` others '' , and they reconcile that with what they actually see by selectively moving people out of the `` others '' group rather than by making their views more nuanced . 
  this fits very well with how areas with less immigration tends to be more anti-immigration : it 's much more difficult to hold on to those kind of views when your day to day interactions with people tell you something different . 
  of course there are genuine racists as well , but my impression is that they are rare compared to the people for whom immigrants are suitable scapegoats simply because they do n't know many . 
  edit : thanks for the gold ... 
  it drives me crazy whenever there are news reports like this morning about how the euro star trains are delayed and poor train travellers have to wait at the station , because of migrants on the tracks . 
  all focused on the horrible inconvenience of the people experiencing train delays , while not bothering to write much about what drives people to such desperation that they keep doing this . 
   and how shitty tougher laws sounds sounds like fascism to me . 
  in fact , one of the reasons franco managed to win the spanish civil war was that most european countries put severe restrictions on travel to spain to prevent volunteers from joining the fight against him ( thousands went anyway , and faced prosecution at home after having risked their life to try to save spain from fascism ) . 
  and this is exactly the problem with putting in place such restrictions : it 's easy to assume we know best . 
  and while we 're probably right about is , applying such restrictions also implicitly restricts recruitment for the other sides too . 
  hypothetical case : x supports terrorism , goes to syria , gets arrested . 
  you charge him with ... what ? 
  maybe you try to get him on membership of a terrorist organisation . 
  but x insists he went to syria to volunteer to help refugees , and that any contact with known extremists was by chance and he did not offer to do anything for them . 
  in fact , he claims , he expressed his disgust at the fighting in syria where much of the fighting is muslims against muslims . 
  now what do you do ? 
  chances are good it 's bullshit , but can you prove it ? 
  if there is evidence people have actually carried out crimes , by all means put them on trial . 
  and by all means , carry out extensive surveillance in this case even if they are acquitted - i 'm extremely sceptical to surveillance in general , but that 's certainly one of the justified situations . 
  but if we are to remain societies grounded in law , we ca n't just round up people on suspicions and no evidence . 
  and that * does * mean letting a lot of people we do n't like `` roam freely on our territory '' if we do n't have legal justifications for holding them or throwing them out . 
  at the same time it is clear that the threshold or being put under surveillance can and should be lower . 
   at least with guantanamo they 're actually foreign combatants from a warzone/active conflict area ** alleged ** . 
  the limited court scrutiny means we do n't really know much more than that they were picked up in afghanistan . 
   the problem with guantanamo is that ... they 're in this weird grey area . 
  they were captured in a warzone or active conflict area , but they 're non-uniformed & belong to illegitimate organizations that have used terrorist tactics , so they ca n't be held like pows until a wars over or a trade takes place , and it 's hard to try them because proving beyond a reasonable doubt they 're guilty in a chaotic warzone on the other-side of the globe is hard , especially on specific charges , and no other country wants to take them , so you 're kinda just ... stuck with them ... 
  the geneva conventions are actually quite clear : until a competent tribunal has determined that they are unlawful combatants , they are pows and must be treated accordingly . 
  if/after a competent tribunal has determined that they are unlawful combatants , the detaining state can * choose * to take a away their pow rights ( but must still treat them humanly ) and charge them under their own laws as civilians . 
  there is no `` option 3 : keep them indefinitely '' . 
  the issue with guantanamo is that the us really , really do not want to risk that they get deemed by a tribunal to be pows , as that would include the right to be returned after the end of the conflict and other pesky rights , and at the same time they * really * do not want them to be put in front of a us court as unlawful combatants , as if the us ca n't prove ( or wo n't reveal their evidence for whatever reason ) they were actually breaking us law , or if they are convicted but get short sentences , they 'd suddenly be stuck with the prospect of a * release * and they 'd have a nightmare of not being able to send them out of the country ( as we 've seen they 're struggling with returns ) while at the same time the us domestic public opinion would make it political suicide to let them free in the us . 
  so it 's not really a legal grey area in terms of these people at all . 
  it 's that the us government decided they did n't like either of the two options recognised under international law and decided to make up their own shit in the hope the us courts would stay out of their hair . 
   damn near every single one of them , with the exception of a couple , were detained in a warzone or active conflict area which is insufficient to ( by itself ) make someone an unlawful combatant . 
  unless there is evidence that they had some part in combat operations , and that they did not have legal reason to not carry a recognised uniform , the geneva conventions states that they have the rights of pows until such a time as a competent tribunal have ruled they 're not . 
  it 's understandable to think that way - it 's something big and scary . 
  i was in the centre of london when the 7/7 bombs went off ; nowhere near the bombs , but it was a very weird day ... 
  but a good counter against these fears is to look up actual death stats . 
  that same year about 10 times as many people died from drunk driving in the uk as from terror and about 50 times as many died in traffic accidents overall . 
  but most of the causes of large numbers of death happens in small numbers at a time . 
  we 're desensitised to them , and the vast majority are never even mentioned in national media . 
  heck , 500 times as many die each year from the flu or pneumonia ... 
  but they 're not `` interesting '' deaths , except when the circumstances are unusual . 
  if you have the resources to do both , there are about a 1000 other things that should be prioritised before spending much on terror , because the return on investment in terms of lives saved would be higher . 
  added security to counter an insignificant risk does mean you have lost . 
  it means they have succeeded in shifting our focus away from far more important things , and give attention to people who are not worth giving attention to . 
  want to save lives ? 
  put that effort into reducing traffic deaths or improving health care - it 'd save far more people . 
  terror is * far * down the list of things likely to kill you . 
  worry about traffic if you insist on worrying about something - far more dangerous . 
  this time it 'd only be cheap alcohol that 'd get spilled . 
  repeatedly . 
  yellow looks like it is mainly the romance languages and the east roman/byzantine empire . 
  basically the countries with most influence from latin , and/or languages directly related to latin . 
  orange looks to be the east slavic languages . 
  blue is mainly germanic , west and south slavic languages + finnic ( finnish , estonian ) . 
  both the west and south slavic language sphere has had very heavy cultural exchange with the german speaking sphere , exchange of people , as well as assorted occupation periods . 
  finland and estonia have seen substantial cultural interchange with sweden as a result of the swedish empire , as well as the danish occupation of estonia . 
  the deviations of czech , slovak and english seems most likely explained by `` high culture '' loan words . 
  `` scientific '' words have often been preferentially imported or adapted from latin or greek , depending , rather than adopted from neighbouring/closely related language groups . 
  this is true for some other languages on the map as well , such as norwegian , where `` nebbdyr '' definitively is the most `` native '' word for it , but `` platypus '' is pretty much equally well understood , but clearly recognised as a more formal/stuffy/old fashioned loan word . 
  ( i 'm not a linguist ), 
   schnabel apparently the etymology of schnabel is proto-germanic `` snabulaz '' , meaning snout or muzzle , which makes the modern difference less surprising . 
   and immunity from being investigated and judged because you are a mp is ultra retarded read some history . 
  it 's there for a reason - there 's a * long * history of spurious charges being used to stop politicians from doing their job . 
  the mass arrests after the reichstag fire being a good one to start with . 
   maybe it has something to do with his plans to organize a group of people to break into state infrastructure to gain unauthorized and unlawful access to the nation 's tax info . 
  on what basis do you assume this access would be unauthorized and unlawful ? 
  exactly . 
  if anything it 'd be incompetence if they did not , in the face of a whole range of organizations ranking from banks to bookmakers were at varying points assuming  50 % chance of a grexit . 
   that is speculation . 
  so is what you 're doing . 
  accusing someone of speculation while your own comments are also full of speculation , such as the below , is rather rich :  just that the charges could be filed here in denmark under the law . 
  you are speculating that the actions he wanted to carry out were/would be illegal in the first place . 
  if he had authority to access the systems in question , and to authorise others to access the systems in questions , there would be no illegal act in the first place to file charges over . 
  watching brits eat things like turkish pepper is a bit of a hobby of mine . 
  it 's tremendously amusing to see the kind of faces you 'll make . 
  probably about the same kind of face i made when i discovered the unholy british ability to put mint in pretty much anything ... 
  maybe it 's london , then , because here at least you ca n't drink at normal norwegian levels and still expect to get let into most clubs , even if you manage to get there at a time where they 'll still let guys in on their own . 
  as a norwegian living in england , i do n't know about all of the uk , but the english drink like little girls . 
  norway has two terms you need to know : * vorspiel * ( yes , it 's meant to sound german ; the germans gets very confused about it ) is where norwegians get drunk before going out , because drinks are expensive in clubs/bars . 
  then , being too drunk to remember not to , we drink while out anyway and go to * nachspiel * , where we drink at someones house * after * going out , because you would n't want to end the night just because the club closes , do you ? 
  you would n't have had time to drink enough . 
  when norwegians go to parties abroad , by the time everyone else figures they 're drunk enough for the party to calm down , we want to go out to party and get drunk . 
  when the clubs closes we wonder why everyone is heading home , and want to go along with them to continue the drinking . 
  the adjustment to e.g. 
  london , where a bunch of drunk guys deciding to start the party at 1am have , uhm , limited options with respect to where you 're let in , was a bit harsh when i moved here . 
  solution : make cameron enjoy/suffer our specialties and he 'll leave voluntarily . 
  win-win . 
  also : as a norwegian that have spent the last 15 years in england , it drives me crazy that the heathens here only eat sweet liquorice ( source : have tricked/cajoled most of my co-workers in england into trying a variation of salted liquorice and salmiakki type products over the years ; only one that could stomach it was n't british ) . 
  we should enforce mandatory salty liquorice products , or no deal . 
  ( and we should invite the dutch to join , since they understand both the rightful flavouring of liquorice and unlike the uk they do n't have a criminally deficient domestic comic book industry ), 
  in norway negotiated settlements on a per-sector basis with the major unions have pretty much served that function . 
  it 's a peculiarity of the strength of the workers movements in the nordic countries after the war that has generally made it less of a priority . 
  only if you leave the tories out of it . 
  pumping that amount of money rapidly into the local economy does not magically produce more qualified people , and as a result it would drive salaries through the roof temporarily , and inflation with it .
