   racist incidents are accounted for , racism is criminalized . 
  how do you identify this racism , if you ca n't collect evidence of it ? 
  case in point : my ex works in hr in an investment bank where black people are severely under-represented relative to the demographics of the student population in the fields they recruit . 
  she knows they are underrepresented because they are actively collecting data on it . 
  and she knows part of the reason why : the bank insists on giving preferential treatment to students coming from a certain set of schools , where black people are severely under-represented . 
  is that racist ? 
  could be . 
  could be that it is n't . 
  the issue is whether or not the decision to give preferential treatment to those schools have a rational basis or not ( e.g. 
  maybe they have other skills not captured by their grades ) , and if it is n't rational , whether or not it is down to an intent to keep the proportion of non-whites low ( one should further ask why those schools are the way they are ... ) . 
  but without collecting this data , the hr people in that bank would not be able to even investigate it . 
  they would also not be able to identify if certain hiring managers have hiring patterns that deviate from the overall norm of the bank . 
  lets say a blatant racist gets into the bank , and starts applying racist criteria to his hiring decisions . 
  few would notice as the racial makeup of the bank is predominantly white anyway . 
  he 'd skew it further , and could potentially exacerbate it even more by hiring more racists . 
  without stats to tell them what to look for , hiring managers could put the bank at severe financial risk because they would not have a way of verifying that they were not breaking the law . 
  same in other areas . 
  how do you know whether or not police are systematically being racist if you can not record data on how they treat different racial groups ? 
  without collecting this data you do not have evidence of whether or not `` racist incidents are accounted for '' because a lot of things appears to be perfectly reasonable if you look at a single incident ( e.g. 
  a police officer stopping and searching a car ) , but becomes illegal and racist once it happens at scale ( e.g. 
  police officers targeting black people with the intent to harass ) . 
  `` driving while black '' is an expression for a reason , but without actually collecting the data we can not tell for any given area whether it is a fair or unfair assessment of the situation . 
   racial profile promotes further stereotyping ... black kids in america are lower achievers in schools because they feel they are expected less as shown by statistics ... 
  i do n't think you can make that causal link . 
  black families are also more likely to be poor , are more likely to have one parent in prison , and more likely to have lower education . 
  all of those are strong predictors or low educational performance . 
  the question then becomes how to address that problem , and whether or not it is a problem related to ethnicity or a problem related to poverty . 
  but without collecting that data , you wo n't be able to tell what the causes are . 
  which is why i said that it has no positives * if there is no other discrimination * . 
  but when there is , if you do n't collect data on it , you 're blind to it . 
  i know from the uk for example , that a lot of places collected data on ethnicity reveals a * lot * of inequality . 
  not reporting on that does not make it magically go away - it just hides it and allows it to fester . 
  the problem is that this makes it hard to determine whether or not discrimination still happens . 
  in a society where there genuinely is n't any racism , gathering this data would serve no positive purpose . 
  in societies where there is racism , gathering this data helps to reveal disparities that should be investigated . 
  exactly . 
  as i 've mentioned elsewhere , we better hope we caused it , because if then we can undo it . 
  if nothing we 've done so far has had any effect on causing it , * then * we 're in deep shit in trying to counter it and mitigate the effects . 
  another factor is that we * better hope * we 're the ones causing it , because the effects will seriously affect us either way , and if we 're not having any substantial effect on it , then reducing our emissions will be insufficient to stop us from being in trouble . 
  it always puzzles me why people think denying the human effect on global warming is a viable position to take if they want to sit back and do nothing . 
  if we are not involved in causing global warning , it will be time to seriously panic , as it will mean that just cutting emissions will be insufficient to counter it , and it will be time to pour a substantial portion of global gdp into some seriously nasty geo-engineering efforts to bring it under control . 
  if there 's anything that should terrify them , it is if they 're right and humans have had no effect . 
  living in the uk , i can sympathise . 
   it 's not just more right-wing voters but extremist voters in general . 
  here is a map from how many votes the party `` the left '' got in 2009 . 
  this is confounded by the fact that `` the left '' is a merger of the pds and wasg . 
  pds was formed out of the old sed ( the governing party of the ddr ) , and so die linke 's support in the east rather reflects that pds and sed before it only had a meaningful presence in the east . 
  i do n't even know what to say to that . 
  i 'm norwegian but live in the uk and i actually * miss * grandiosa occasionally . 
   a black president ? 
  must be a communist . 
  the beauty of this is that the right wing `` allegations '' of obama being socialist or communists did more to rehabilitate socialism and communism in the eyes of americans than anything before it . 
  there was a very noticeable shift , with a lot of people going `` wait ?!? 
  then maybe it 's not so bad ... '' instead of assuming he was stalin incarnate because someone called him a socialist . 
  debating socialism with americans became a lot more civil and pleasant as a result . 
  i honestly believe a large part of bernie sanders relative success in the primaries was down to this effect , and it may prove to end up changing us politics forever by making more left wing candidates viable . 
  i recognise the threat , but hitler never managed to win a majority in a demoratic election , though . 
  he was only able to pass the enablement act because of other people on the right such as von papen who saw hitler as a useful puppet and tool for their own ambitions and did n't realise they were the puppets . 
  history may repeat itself , but one of the reasons the far right parties are shunned to the extent they still are in europe is that people realise that the threat is not just one of getting a majority , but one of getting influence and abusing it . 
  as such , extremists today thankfully face more of an uphill battle . 
   if i 'm not mistaken , they called it national socialism in an attempt to trick the very socialist populism going on in germany at the time . 
  absolutely . 
  marx were amongst those who argued consistently that germany was one of the parts of europe most ready - after all he consistently argued that a pre-requisite for a successful socialist revolution would be an advanced capitalist economy . 
  trying to appeal to socialists that way by then had a long history in germany : in the 1880 's bismarck 's welfare reforms were largely intended to placate people considering supporting the socialists , while bismarck was busy outlawing the left wing parties , such as the eisenach party that was the predecessor of the spd , and many far more left wing ones , as well as arresting their leaders . 
  as a result those opposed to him on the right insultingly described his policies as `` state socialism '' . 
  bismarck hit back by embracing the term and use it as `` evidence '' to the socialists that they should embrace him and his supporters despite his otherwise very right wing economic and social policies . 
  germany thus had a few decades of history of the right ( bismarck was a staunch monarchist ; he fits the literal original definition of right wing ) adopting - intentionally or by grabbing the opportunity - the term socialism to attract supporters from the left . 
  i 've also pointed out elsewhere how the nsdap early on * did * in fact include groups that wanted to combine socialist economic theory with ultra-nationalism , often using one to justify the other ( e.g. 
  using stereotypes of jews as bankers to legitimise anti-semitism on the basis of arguments about favouring the working class ) , but part of hitler taking control of the nsdap explicitly involved shutting those parts of the party out of decision making and then systematically sidelining them politically , then expelling and eventually murdering them . 
   but then lenin came back from exile and the red army fucked up the tsar . 
  a small note on this : the bolsheviks * had the tsar killed * , but they were only a small part of the groups that overthrew him many months earlier . 
  the tsar was deposed in the spring of 1917 . 
  the `` october revolution '' was not directed at the tsar , but a coup directed at the socialist provisional government made up of the socialist parties that actually had the vast majority of the votes for the constituent assembly that was meant to prepare a new constitution ( the bolsheviks only got about 10 % of the vote ; the vast majority of the rest went to the mensheviks , and left/right sr , all three of which were socialists to various extents ) when the tsar was killed , he had already been under house arrest for months . 
   but socialism 's enshrining policy is that ` democratic control ' thing . 
  that 's not strictly true . 
  already marx criticised `` reactionary '' socialism , amongst others . 
  that is , forms of socialism that while the provided for a degree of economic protection of the working class , maintained political power over them . 
  it is not unreasonable to discuss authoritarian ideologies as being socialist in some circumstances in the sense of including socialist economic elements . 
  with the caveat that most of the people trying to describe things like nazism as socialism do it in order to try to imply that e.g. 
  social democracy or other democratic forms of socialism is the same because some policies are shared without understanding the distinction you make of socialism as a social and economic theory vs. a political ideology . 
  i like to point out to these people that e.g. 
  most right wing parties in europe these days accept the welfare state model to some extent - so if we 're to conflate ideologies over the sharing a few policy elements like that , then most of the european right wing are socialists too . . then again , to be fair , a lot of people who call themselves socialists without specifying any given political ideology also do n't get that distinction very well . 
  maybe you should read up on the history of the nsdap . 
  there were in fact members of the nsdap early on that wanted to take policies from socialism . 
  the main circle pushing for this was the circle around otto strasser . 
  strasser was expelled from nsdap over this because of hitlers strong opposition to any kind of socialism . 
  gregor strasser - his brother - was murdered alongside most of the remaining strasserist supporters during the night of the long knives on june 30th 1934 . 
  so hitler quite literally had those who argued nsdap should include socialist poicies in its programme murdered . 
  to the extent the nsdap used anti-capitalist slogans , they were large a way of attacking the jews - they drew a very sharp line between `` jewish finance capitalism '' and `` productive capitalism '' and even the strasserists supported the latter . 
  other than that , the few policies they shared with socialists are largely populist policies shared with much wider circles . 
  support for things like healthcare has a long history in europe of transcending the left/right barrier - in fact the start of the german welfare state came from the monarchist bismarck , who arguied for it on the basis of christian morality as a means of reducing support for the socialists . 
  also got to love the post implying france needs a pinochet-like coup , and the many comments writing off pinochet 's atrocities as `` necessary '' . 
  they 're not even trying to pretend not to be fascists any more . 
  are buddhists religious ? 
  whether or not you 'd call them religious would probably depend on their specific beliefs , but they do n't have a god per se ( some forms do recognise various supernatural entities ) , and you can follow buddhism as a philosophy without believing in anything other than a set of rules for how to live . 
  specifically , `` actual star wars jedi 's '' might possibly be religious , but i doubt most `` real life '' wannabe jedis hold actual , real beliefs in it that would get any closer to religion than any other geeky interest . 
  in other words : you probably can be a religious jedi , but you certainly can also be a non-religious jedi ( e.g. 
  just calling yourself one to piss off census workers , or because you think light sabres are cool ) . 
  of course there 's nothing preventing an atheist from holding religious or spiritual beliefs , for that matter ; atheism is just the absence of a belief in a god . 
  jedi temple .
