  there * are * still substantial problem areas , but they make up a small proportion of the developing countries . 
  pushing up property prices and limiting building is not something anyone sane would do to inflate stagnating economies . 
  construction is an excellent way of `` inflating stagnating economies '' , and having people locking their money up in property and mortgage payments takes money out of consumer spending . 
  if a government want to mess with housing policy to inflate the economy , it 'd be * far * better to go the opposite route and force through massive planning reforms and get tons of construction projects started and make people feel safe spending larger portions of their salaries . 
  do you have numbers ? 
  because in london people whine a lot about this , while in reality the number of empty properties in london is at perfectly normal levels , and the percentage of empty properties in the wealthier parts of the city are in line with the poorer parts . 
  why ? 
  if the people in question went without work , the tax payers would foot the entire of benefits payments . 
  on top of that , unemployment increases the odds of crime etc. , and also increases the odds of * long term * unemployment with a long range of problems attached , including e.g. 
  increased healthcare costs . 
  programs that have government cover part of the pay can often ensure more people get employment by lowering the cost of employment , and part of the money go back into public coffers in the form of taxes , and the money also help stimulate the economy . 
  it may be this program is n't cost effective , or it may be extremely cost effective - it depends a lot of the specifics of the program , but the overall approach is sound . 
  if government is first going to pump money into the economy , this is one of the better ways of doing it . 
  in the uk at least the average tax driver makes a decent salary compared to the * post * apprenticeship salaries listed around this thread , so if so people presumably hate money if they stay in these apprenticeships too . 
  we were talking specifically about syrian refugees , so i find your number rather unlikely . 
  but the salaries discussed here are not average salaries , but apprentice schemes , so that comparison does n't really tell us anything useful . 
  to justify that theory , you need to explain why they did n't come in any substantial numbers until the warfare and bombing started . 
  i do n't know about germany , but in the uk you can make more than the amounts stated elsewhere in this thread as typical for apprenticeships as a minicab driver or bus driver for example . 
  both jobs where language qualifications are not a big deal , and both jobs where you would n't need to spend 3 years doing an apprenticeship . 
  so assuming they come into contact with others who have taken better paying jobs elsewhere , it is not surprising if they 're disappointed at the prospect of spending years on a a tiny proportion of what they might be able to earn elsewhere to `` graduate '' to a job not making much more than what they could be right now . 
  is that surprising ? 
  he 's an unknown to most of the public , so most of what they know so far comes from papers that have tried to paint him like the second coming of stalin . 
  ** if ** he gets his message across and people like it , 8 % is nothing given how it is until the next election . 
  of course , he could very well end up with disastrous results too , but 8 point ahead now is a distraction . 
  to speak dutch : mix german , english and a scandinavian language of your choice randomly over a phone connection with lots of static . 
  yes , they do . 
  not instantly , but in most countries the birthrate is well within the error margin within a generation . 
  family reunions may affect that somewhat by delaying the establishment of initial families , but not all that much . 
  the result is that once the initial wave of immigration is over , even if you do n't return anyone , the growth abates very rapidly . 
  i 've in previous debates on this pointed to norway , where our initial wave of pakistani immigration happened in the late 60 's and early 70 's . 
  yet the majority of people of pakistani descent in norway had arrived by 1989 ; since then what we 've had is a trickle of family reunions coupled with second and the start of third generation , and the reason the population has not exploded is that they 're already pretty much in line with the norwegian average . 
  in pretty much every country that have taken significant numbers of immigrants , we see that birth rates drop rapidly and soon end up at approximately the same level as the average for the host nation . 
  in other words : it 's not muslims having more children . 
  it 's families in under-developed countries having more children ( look to countries split by religion , like nigeria , and you 'll find sky high birth rates amongst christians too ) . 
  once they move to wealthier countries ( or the standard of living in their own country increases ) , their birth rates quickly drop , whether or not they maintain their religion . 
  in norway , that issue is traditionally solved by getting drunk at home or a friends house * before * going out to pay less . 
  then continuing to drink while out , because you 're too drunk to notice how expensive it is . 
  then going back to someones house to drown your sorrows in alcohol afterwards . 
   gim me raining , snowy and miserable conditions everyday !, 
  come to london during winter if you want misery . 
  i 'm norwegian , and while norway like finland is colder during winter , i find london far more miserable . 
  the nordic countries get real dark , sure , but you get snow regularly , and it reflects light , and it 's far easier to stay dry in snowy weather than rain . 
  i 'm partial to visiting maidenhead myself . 
  every delay increases the chance that something will happen to scupper it or delay it further . 
  it is still highly likely to happen , but it is likely to cause delays . 
  if farage is going to push his narrative and have the commons listen , then there needs to be time set aside for readings and debates , and it needs to be fit into the schedule , which means pushing aside other matters . 
  things like this quickly pushes out the timeline . 
  all it takes is a poll showing sufficiently large shifts in opinion and there 'll be push for further delays etc. 
  it 'd take something really massive to actually stop it from going through , but as long as there 's the slightest little chance of that , there will be people pushing to delay things as long as possible to maximise the chance . 
  hydro is renewable , but it 's not very environmentally friendly , and one of the most lethal forms of power plant we know . 
  construction and maintenance accidents and dam failures kill a lot of people , even if you assume the worst ever ( the banqiao dam failure killed ~ 170,000 people or so ) was a fluke and exclude it . 
  edit : downvoting me does n't make hydro kill fewer people or damage the environment less . 
  at this rate the vatican might approve it before northern ireland . 
  still makes it more reliable than most uk newspapers . 
  like the press who have spent several decades lying through their teeth ? 
  the problem is that the uk media landscape is dominated by newspapers that does not do their job . 
  true , it does n't make a difference to that . 
  it was only to explain the high income tax percentage . 
  housing bubbles can pretty much only be avoided by flooding the market with cheap housing , and making credit hard to obtain , as people basically will spend as much as they possibly can to get the best possible house in the best possible area up to a pain point . 
  depending on exactly when she bought it , ~ 8.2 % annualized return for 70 years would do it . 
  which is high , but not surprising for london , especially areas like chiswick that used to be cheap dumps , but that have gentrified massively . 
  so it basically boils down to holding on to a property in an up and coming area for 70 + years ... 
   taxes in dk are some of the largest in the world they 're that high because denmark as one of very few countries in the world charge almost everything over income taxes rather than separate employee payroll taxes . 
  in theory this makes the total cost of employment more visible to employees . 
  if you are comparing identical salaries in e.g. 
  denmark vs. norway , then you 'd pay far more tax in denmark . 
  but in denmark there are few additional tax costs to take on that employee , so all else being equal a danish business will be able to afford ~ 14 % higher salaries ( as the norwegian employer would be paying roughly that in employer payroll taxes ) . 
  of course whether they actually pay more depends on other factors , and so this difference makes it hard to do a reasonable direct comparison . 
  typical total tax wedge in denmark ( total tax wedge in oecd reports includes * employers * payroll taxes ) are 19th in europe / 19th in oecd ( below norway , far below sweden ) , and just a few percentage points above the oecd average . 
   as someone used to london prices , housing costs ( whether renting or mortgage ) for a hovel in a mediocre area is about $ 700 ( # 500 ) per week . 
  only if you insist on living very centrally . 
  i live in croydon , in a distinctly middle class neighbourhood ( despite its reputation , salaries in croydon are slightly above the london average ) , and you can buy a 3 bedroom house with a garden and end with a mortgage well below that here . 
  you can rent a decent 1 bedroom flat for less than 1k/month . 
  the population density is irrelevant , as it varies greatly . 
  the difference applies just as much in the uk in rural areas with low density , as it does right adjacent to high density locations in norway . 
  right-libertarianism is a continuation of classical liberalism to an extent , but so is left liberalism , in as much as liberalism was the seed for most of the anti-authoritarian left . 
  but historically right-libertarianism was built by a group of americans who sought to combine the liberal forces on the left and right , and built on taking hayek and mixing in a bit of ayn rand , and combining that into an unholy mess with elements taken from left-libertarianism . 
  the classical liberalism in right-libertarianism is mostly extracted from hayek , which regularly causes right-libertarians to be highly offended when i quote from hayek and have the temerity to agree with most of it , despite being far left ( i 'm a libertarian socialist ) . 
  i once had one almost start crying because it distressed him so . 
  but most of hayek - even works where hayek himself is explicitly lambasting socialism , are perfectly in line with libertarian socialism . 
  apart from the issue of private property . 
   anyhow , the word was first used in the context of philosophy to denote someone that believed in free will over determinism . 
  it was not . 
  it was used by in argument between dejacques and proudhon over the rights of women , specifically to criticise the lack of proudhons willingness to extend his arguments to the freedom of women . 
  [ here is the letter where the term is first used ] ( http://joseph.dejacque.free.fr/ecrits/lettreapjp.htm ) ( french ), 
   individualism : a social theory favouring freedom of action for individuals over collective or state control . 
  liberty , in other words . 
   it means the individual has both freedoms and responsibilities , and that it is up to him to exercise them rather than forfeiting it to the state . 
  the state is just a mediator between individuals . 
  so , liberty . 
  though i would argue the very existence of the state impinges on liberty . 
  you can try to imply that i mean something else all you want , but i do n't . 
   semantics . 
  yes , semantics . 
  semantics matters . 
   your body takes up space , and there is a natural border around it , are you claiming there should n't be and that people have the right to access your body ? 
  no , which you would have realised if you actually paid attention to what i wrote . 
  i * am * claiming that it reduces the liberty of others , but given that the goal is to maximise liberty , and that giving others access to your body will grant them far less additional liberties than it would take away from me , giving people that access would not maximise liberty . 
  reducing the liberty of others is impossible . 
  perfect liberty is impossible .
