i find it really wrong to compare a one party , dictatorial system with a meritocratic multi party system . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  russia * had * a multi-party democratic system after the february revolution . 
  in fact , it had * two * : the duma , and the soviets , that were competing . 
  it was first after the bolsheviks did n't get the support they thought they were due that they first wrested control from the duma and vested it in the soviets ( edit : this is the point of the october revolution ; the czar was overthrown in the february revolution ) , and subsequently started restricting the participation in the soviets , initially by introducing all kinds of rules designed to exclude groups that did not support them . 
  once they 'd gotten rid of enough opposition that way , their hands were free to get far more brutal . 
   change will only take place if supported by 80 % of the population in open and fair elections . 
  saddam hussein insisted he got upwards of 98 % in what he insisted was open and fair elections . 
  the ddr regime insisted it was elected in open and fair ( multi-party ) elections . 
  never mind that the other parties `` voluntarily '' joined an electoral block with them and `` voluntarily '' accepted a formula for allocating seats that left the sed in absolute control . 
  if you think this will prevent anything , you are hopelessly naive . 
  step * has happened * in dozens of countries . 
  it was one of the methods the stalinist regimes used to consolidate power . 
  the soviet union was a massive experiment in participative democracy until the bolsheviks decided they did n't get enough support and started systematically changing the rules of how and who got to participate to exclude those who disagreed with them . 
   if you would have read some of my other responses , you will notice that i am staunch advocate of drastically strenghtening the power of the judiciary in such a model . 
  the power of the judiciary is irrelevant when the legislative can change the rules at will . 
  the soviet union had , and countries like china and vietnam , * has * constitutions that guarantees a long range of freedoms for example , and that on paper provides democracy . 
  we see how well that 's working . 
   nor any ideas of marxism or other scary kinds of governance . 
  well , as a libertarian marxist , i find your proposal terrifying because any attempt at filtering candidates based on skills criteria implicitly will favour the ruling classes . 
  step 1 : filter . 
  step 2 : change how you can obtain whatever credentials requires in step 1 to exclude the groups you do n't like . 
  brutally effective . 
  the moment you allow filtering on criteria where the acceptance mechanism can be manipulated , you 've lost . 
   i am asking for a more efficient system , with the right people in the right place ; that 's the excuse most dictators use . 
  i remember vividly a discussion i had with an old stalinist that used this exact line of reasoning , and made it clear that if that meant he 'd have to support putting me in prison ( because i made it clear i 'd never accept such a regime ) , he would . 
   a meritocratic system should be in place , with at least 51 % of all members of parliament ( and preferably even 100 % ) needing to have distinguished themselves in society . 
  personally , such restrictions is something i 'd be willing to take up arms against . 
   except that ` net contribution ' does n't account for the depression of native employment and their burden on the state , and the effect it has on wages for the natives . 
  i can find no evidence that it pulls down native employment , nor for any negative effect on wages . 
  source ? 
  or are you making shit up ? 
  nothing stops groups like migration watch from doing their own studies . 
  the data is publicly available . 
  instead they seem to be busy bitching about it . 
  wonder why . 
  it 's better than that . 
  note that they carefully avoid mentioning that british people * cost * the exchequer far more than that per head , because the exchequer is not nearly fully funded from individual taxation . 
  so they are setting immigrants up to be measured against how much money the exchequer makes on them , ignoring that the reason british people does not bankrupt britain just by existing is that people contribute far more than through direct taxation : we buy products and services , which results in corporate taxes and additional jobs , and the money keeps circulating . 
  the exchequer can make a substantial loss per person without that implying in any way that said person is a net drain on the overall economy , and without implying that the overall effect of that person on public finances is net negative once you factor in indirect effects . 
  so by trying to twist the discussion to be about `` how little '' the exchequer makes per immigrant per british person per week ( truly a bizarre metric ) , they are framing the debate to be massively biased in their favour , and despite that the data * still * does n't say what they wa n't them to . 
  if people did n't actually take them seriously , it be hilarious . 
  two is below replacement fertility . 
  keep in mind that some people die before having children and some opt not to have children . 
  replacement rate in developed countries is around 2.1 . 
  worldwide average is around 2.3 . 
  fertility rate for europe is currently around 1.6 . 
  over time it is going to become a problem : the world as a whole is set to start seeing contracting population numbers in a few decades , and that 's going to be painful as we get fewer people to pay for public services . 
  the reality is that while immigration is not a threat , partly for this reason , immigration is also going to become insufficient . 
  sometime over the next 50 years , most developed countries will need a combination of campaigns to increase fertility and campaigns to attract more immigrants , as population drops will start having effects on the world economy and potential immigrants get fewer reasons to come ( more choices ; steadily improving living standards in most countries people may be coming from ) . 
  people are free to do so , but all evidence is that as wealth and education levels increase , birth rates drop . 
  if you want to counter that , you 'll need to massively change how society is structured . 
  and probably add elements of force . 
  you neatly sidestep how the numbers you cited as * your * source does not support what you claimed . 
  at all . 
  whether or not migration watch 's claims in the article are true or not is also relatively irrelevant , as they keep trying to keep the focus on the wrong thing . 
  as you yourself points out , the gdp contribution is more important . 
  otherwise we 'd presumably focus on the * massive loss * the exchequer makes on the average british person . 
  and on how migration watch is providing no sources at all when they try to imply that eea immigrants cost the exchequer lots of money , without providing numbers , while ignoring how much the average british person costs the exchequer . 
  from the article :  european economic area immigrants made a positive fiscal contribution of # 4.4 bn between 1995 and 2011 , non-eea immigrants made a negative net contribution of # 118bn , and british people a negative net contribution of # 591bn while the article does not state the per capita numbers , there is no possible way that the eea immigrants can contribute less to the balance of the exchequer than british people given those numbers . 
  the reason is fairly obvious : the vast majority of eea immigrants are working age , and employed , and so pay taxes and are of an age where you are a relatively low drain on public finances . 
  you misread the headline . 
  it is saying that immigrants from those countries paid more in to the exchequer in taxes and ni contributions than they received back in benefit payments etc. 
  it says nothing about the benefit of their countries from eu membership . 
  neither number supports your claim without further data , as they relate to the contribution to the exchequer , not gdp . 
  to illustrate why these are not comparable : if i were to bring in 1m/year of business to the uk , but i do n't take out a salary as i am still growing the company , i will be a net drain on the exchequer as a person ( edit : because the government will still have various costs related to me , such as e.g. 
  paying my gp even if i do n't claim any benefits ) , but will contribute far above average to the gdp . 
  in other words you ca n't extrapolate your claim from your stated sources even if we assume these sources are correct . 
  the second claim in particular is not backed up by any sources , and comes from a notoriously anti-immigration partisan organisation . 
  however more importantly , note this from the article :  european economic area immigrants made a positive fiscal contribution of # 4.4 bn between 1995 and 2011 , non-eea immigrants made a negative net contribution of # 118bn , and british people a negative net contribution of # 591bn in other words , even * if * migration watch is correct if we expand the data outside of 1995-2011 , the shift would have to be massive for immigrants to be as huge a drain on the exchequer as british people , even on a per head basis . 
  of course they 've not actually presented any evidence at all for their claim . 
  and of course these data are about fiscal contribution , not gdp , anyway , and so have no direct relevance to your earlier claim . 
  in other words : unless you have other sources you 've just demonstrated that you have no basis whatsoever for the claim you made . 
  parts of the uk press have ambitions of being as reputable as fox news , so unfortunately we can assume quite a few people do believe immigrants is a huge drain . 
  source ? 
  there 's been the added level of attention because it is about to pass from living memory . 
  it will fade . 
  not even israel is evil enough to be prepared to try to go that far . 
  and if they were to try , it 'd just result in increased support for groups like is who 'd be suicidal enough to try an open war , as well as completing their international isolation . 
  and even if they were to go crazy enough to try , several million of palestinians are living as refugees in neighbouring countries , so to achieve that goal they 'd effectively have to glass large portions of the middle east . 
   europeans , frankly , really do n't understand the israeli-palestinian conflict , and they tend ( despite their ignorance ) to support the palestinians . 
  it 's exactly because we do understand the conflict , support for the palestinians has been steadily increasing as israel has demonstrated year after year that it has no interest in peace . 
  the european public has for the most part supported israel for decades . 
  support for palestine was considered a fringe left-wing issue in europe until the late 80 's at least - in many countries well into the 90 's - to the point that palestinian scarves in many european countries is seen as a symbol of revolutionary socialism and anarchism . 
  but as peace effort after peace effort failed , and israel demonstrated that they think they can do as they please , public support has waned considerably . 
  even right wing politicians who a few years ago would never have even considered support for palestine now openly criticise israel . 
  the failure of the oslo accords , the assassination of rabin , and the later election of ariel sharon - with his direct connections to the sabra and shatila massacre - after he majorly inflamed the situation and spared the second intifada during the election campaign , were major turning points in disillusioning even people who previously believed israel could pretty much do no wrong . 
   what have `` friends , '' other than us materiel aid given during the yom kippur war , ever done for israel ? 
  preventing those groups who have supported palestinians from getting their countries to take credible action to back up the un resolutions on israel for the last 60 years . 
  continued to prevent sanctions against a country that for the entirety of its existence have continued to violate international law , both in maintaining an illegal occupation , but also with its ongoing settlement programme . 
  that israel still exists is down to their vast support in a range of developed countries . 
   what 's the point of israel sacrificing critical concerns to make europeans happy if those europeans wo n't do anything to help them ? 
  using diplomatic language does not `` sacrifice critical concerns '' . 
  not doing so , on the other hand , means that supporters of israel in sweden and elsewhere now face one more example of what kind of regime israel is , and will find it even harder to drum up support to counter further support for palestine . 
  they keep shooting themselves in the foot this way . 
  not even most brutal dictatorships are usually as crude when it comes to foreign policy , other perhaps against well defined small sets of established `` enemies '' . 
  castro vs. the us ; mugabe vs. the uk . 
  it 's not a club a democratic country generally wants to be in . 
  especially not when your targets are countries like sweden . 
  it just causes embarrassment to your supporters in these countries .
