  politically , they 're now in a situation where whatever they do they 'll piss of a solid portion of their voters . 
  fun times . 
  neither alternative would be fair , as some people would want to vote leave if the alternative was an eea type deal , or remain if the alternative was hard brexit . 
  this is exactly the problem with the current referendum . 
  the only way of making it actually give us what people wanted would be to have multiple options with clear rules set up in advance of how they 'd be interpreted . 
  no referendum would also be a viable alternative . 
  the alternative that was chosen made a mockery of democracy - we now have a government that never got a majority that have repeatedly pushed for a form of brexit it 's clear has nothing like majority support . 
  the problem was not a referendum . 
  the problem was a referendum where 1 ) the sides got away with outright lies without being sanctioned , 2 ) the options where to remain or leave , with no way for people to indicate what should happen next . 
  to # 1 , we received pamphlets that tried very hard to look like they were official government information that were designed very clearly to imply that turkey would join the eu ( ignoring that the uk would have a veto ) and open the doors to evil syrian islamists ( turkey and syria were highlighted in bright colour on a map right next to the eu ) if we stayed , coupled with thoroughly debunked bullshit about the amount of money that 'd flow to the nhs , for example . 
  that kind of stuff ( also if the remain side did it ) should have led to immediate postponement of the referendum and solid sanctions on whichever campaign did it . 
  to # 2 , the right choice would be to either give more options : remain , leave and join eea ; leave and implement strict immigration controls ; leave regardless of subsequent solution . 
  the point being that there is every reason to believe that the results would be different if people were given the real choices rather than left to imagine how the government would interpret the result . 
  this of course was the result of a government that was arrogant enough to assume that remain was a foregone conclusion , and so did n't think through a scenario where anywhere near a majority would vote leave at all . 
  because most eu countries are more left wing than the uk . 
  one big effect of brexit is going to be to remove a major road block in the eu to agreements that are more left wing than what the uk would tolerate . 
  consider the working time directive . 
  it was butchered to prevent a uk veto . 
  the uk government at the time still considered it downright offensive , but got enough concessions to accept it . 
  * everyone else * supported the final version . 
  the could promote disproportionate fear of politicians . 
  i 'd happily pay more taxes to support hunting grounds where we can hunt dodgy politicians , for example . 
  but if terrorism is on the top it means people have a ridiculously twisted image of what risks they face . 
  flu kills vastly more . 
  heart attacks . 
  cancer . 
  cars . 
  those are things it would be reasonable to worry about and want to put more effort into stopping . 
  terrorism ? 
  while the attacks are distressing , they 're a distraction we should not allow ourselves to be this affected by . 
  i do n't have numbers for europe ( for some reason they 're harder to find than for the us ) , but the average american faces greater risk of being hit by lightning than being killed by terrorists . 
  that terror is at the top of the list demonstrates that the media and politicians are failing us by hyping up risks that are not real in ways that are costing lives by triggering over the top responses . 
  i 'd go so far that some of the political responses to terror are flying close to treason by actively damaging society in ways that supports the causes of the terrorists rather than benefit those the politicians are meant to represent . 
  it really was . 
  it was not an empire in the sense we think of for most others - most parts of the `` empire '' were functionally largely autonomous . 
  it 's title was an attempt at claiming continuity with the west roman empire , but the west roman empire fell three centuries before charlemagne was crowned emperor , and the holy roman empire itself only has a passing connection to charlemagne . 
  otto i took the title emperor , but had no direct claim to be the heir to charlemagne . 
  as such there wee two breaks in the connection to the roman empire . 
  the name hre itself was not used at the time when it arose - that first came after some smartasses around the 13th century invented the principle of '' [ translatio imperii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/translatio_imperii ) '' . 
  basically the idea is that roman emperors derived their power from god , and being annointed by god there could be only one and there would always be one , so by virtue of being emperor , surely the emperor must represent the continuation of the roman emperors ( conveniently ignoring the multiple other empires with emperors in the world at the time ) . 
  i guess you could argue `` holy '' - * some * of the hre emperors were crowned by the pope , though many were not . 
  but the name as a whole was pure marketing . 
  sacrum imperium romanum ( holy roman empire ) the name was all lies last time , so why not again . 
  there 's some limited evidence that it factors in for low level crime like thefts , but none whatsoever that it factors into the consideration for people aiming to commit more serious crime . 
  overall the net benefit is so massive that it 's well worth a few extra low level criminals . 
  no , but many are fleeing maniacs like assad and isis or both , as well as from a variety of other conflicts . 
  point being , our systems are the way they are because we have recent collective history that demonstrates the consequences of taking a hard stance on refugees . 
  and as noted elsewhere : as a result most of those who are released are far less likely to reoffend than people that serve prison sentences in places like the us or other countries where the prisons are shitholes . 
  unsurprisingly treating people like humans makes them less likely to act like animals . 
  ... and end up far less likely to reoffend than if you 'd been imprisoned in some shithole . 
  these prisons are * provably * more effective at making society safer . 
  a lot of the people murdered by the nazis were people who tried to flee but found european countries turning them away and refusing to accept them as refugees for reasons like this . 
  strict id demands harm the very people we want to help the most . 
  if so it 's not safe to be anywhere on the planet , as you 're far more likely to be run over by a random car in a regular traffic attack than get killed of terror . 
  or die from the flu . 
  ni wo n't leave soon , but the situation was grasped upon immediately after the vote , because a hard border would be seen as intolerable , and because the good friday agreement legally depends on aspects of eu law that means there * will * need to be substantial legal changes and renegotiations to solve the ni situation as part of the brexit negotiations , and that * will * be leveraged by both sides to try to push for changes . 
  as for scotland , 6 months is a very short time . 
  wait until the pound takes another massive battering when article 50 is invoked , after people have paid more for christmas and have stated planning summer holidays only to find most places far more expensive . 
  and subsquent rounds of job losses as companies accelerates move plans . 
  and wait until the westminster government has spent a couple of years being seen as making a hash of the brexit negotiations . 
  i stand by what i say : brexit will be remembered as the immediate trigger that causes the uk to break up . 
  i give it 5-10 years at most before scotland is gone . 
  maybe a bit longer for ni . 
  within 10 years i expect london will also have substantial additional devolved powers , and while the immediate / r/independentlondon efforts dried up , once brexit finally hits i expect there 'll be a small but actual registered pro-independence party in london too within 5 years . 
  but it 's so entertaining . 
  as i 've said elsewhere : i 'm pretty certain that if us presidents got sarcasm , the uk would have been `` liberated '' a long time ago after one too many sarcastic diplomatic responses . 
  the best way of mocking him is frankly just to let his supporters speak freely . 
  war it is ... , 
  confusing us with swedes are fighting words ... 
  oh , i 'm sure you know the feeling of confusion very well . 
  i mean , enough of you voted bush . 
  twice . 
  and more than five people voted trump . 
  but in my experience , further antagonizing confused people is generally a bad strategy . 
  norway learned the hard way under nazi occupation that when you 're under a jackboot , while you should by all means continue to mock them relentlessly , you want to make sure they do n't understand when you 're taking the piss ( as a result of various acts of defiance , the nazis eventually made it illegal to stand on the bus if there were free seats , and illegal to wear paperclips and santa hats amongst others - it 's hard to look like a serious occupation force when you worry about whether or not people wear paperclips ) . 
  so we 'd rather the americans fail to understand when we relentlessly mock trump over the next few years ( oh please let it only be one period ) , as he seems rather humourless . 
  and we have oil . 
  bad combination . 
  not that i think he 's a nazi - the nazis were n't * that * short tempered , and to be fair they were more genocidal . 
  that may be an issu for a very few sectors , but the far larger impact is/was the other direction , where various transitional arrangements and carveouts for example affects nhs staff massively . 
  when the wtd was passed in the first place , the uk objected strenuously to the very idea of restricting working time . 
  the differences are not * huge * , and i agree that fptp enhances them , but you see the same effect for london . 
  support for the social benefits of the eu have systematically been stronger in places like scotland and london . 
  the prospect of losing protections like the working time directive - gutted as it may be as a testament to uk right wing policies - is unpleasant to a sufficient proportion of people . 
  the uk is right wing enough that before the referendum , when asked about the uk potentially joining the eea if leaving the eu , several high ranking norwegian officials warned that norway might have to consider a veto against uk eea membership , out of concern for having the eea dominated by right-wing issues when negotiating with the eu . 
   or is this just one of those regular `` old people are idiots but sadly theyre the majority '' kinda things ? 
  pretty close . 
  and lots of lies and misinformation . 
  personally i think it will go into history as the immediate cause of the dissolution of the uk , with scotland leaving first , norther ireland thereafter , and the rest then becoming an ever-weaker union with london and the other big cities demanding and getting extensive devolution and eventually pushing the remnants back into the eu . 
  scotland is more left wing than the rest of the uk , and the eu as a whole is on the average more left wing than the majority of the uk . 
  it seems totally unsurprising that some people would like to be free of westminster influence but are more ok with eu influence . 
  shhh . 
  he 's an american - they 've not yet figured out sarcasm - best not to mak them scared and confused . 
  they 're about to learn all three over the next few years anyway . 
  `` berg '' in pretty much all germanic languages , comes from proto-germanic bergaz , which just means high or elevated , and in most modern use it can refer to either a mountain or a hill though at least in some usage there is a sense of a `` berg '' being assumed to be more `` substantial '' than a hill ( e.g. 
  in norwegian `` berg '' tends to imply rock formations * most of the time * ) but the problem with all of these kind of words is that they tend historically tended to be used relative to what was considered high locally . 
  in the scandinavian languages , we have `` fjell '' , `` fell '' and other variations of the same source as english `` fell '' to refer to exclusively a large `` berg '' that extends past the tree-line . 
  nah , as a true redditor i 'm too lazy , and will hang around here procrastinating instead . 
  now you 've done it - someone is going to end up making a blackfacebot . 
  and every time a brit use a word with a double meaning like that , there will be snickering as if everyone involved is still 8 years old .
