  after the anti-vaccination crowd gained momentum , there have been flare-ups in measles outbreaks in many countries , as vaccination levels have dropped , and many places vaccination levels have in periods dropped low enough to create concerns about losing herd immunity , and putting us at risks of larger epidemics . 
  the risk is very real many places . 
  i have a son in school in the uk , and we fairly regularly gets letters from school warning of outbreaks of some disease or other that there are vaccinations for . 
  thankfully they 've all been isolated incidents so far - thanks to still having high enough vaccination rates to ensure herd immunity . 
  but it does n't take rates dropping very far for that to change , and vaccines are not 100 % effective - once it starts spreading you get to test the efficiency in the worst way possible . 
  maybe they 're a small enough minority in lithuania that this was n't a valid concern there , but it 's not something to take lightly . 
   we were in denmark , camping , in july , at 4 \u00b0 c , and had fucking chickenpox . 
  parents were so fucking pissed . 
  i too would be pissed off if i went to denmark in july and it was 4 \u00b0 c, 
  because it is lethal in about 1 in 60,000 cases , and can have severe side effects ( particularly if you * do n't * get it when you 're younger and then get infected later ) including pneumonia , bronchitis , hepatitis and encephalitis . 
  so it means that your fear is totally irrational and something to work on , because it is a fear that is not in any way justified by reality . 
  i do n't know where you are . 
  but as an example , despite 7/7 , in london you 're far more likely to fall onto the tracks in than get killed by a terrorist on trains or the underground , for example . 
  the same holds true in pretty much any major city in the world with possibly a few major exceptions ( e.g. 
  in countries like iraq , afghanistan etc. 
  where terror attacks are far about the norm ) . 
  if you want to worry about something , worry about that . 
  it 's also a tiny risk , but it 's far greater than being the victim of terror . 
  it matters where they are from too . 
  replace `` immigrants '' with `` brown skinned people '' or `` muslims '' for example . 
  people tend to discount groups they are used to . 
  norway is above the uk in terms of immigrants for example , but question norwegians about immigration , and you 'll quickly find that the swedens and danes that make up a huge proportion of that `` does n't count '' in any reasonable way . 
  my point is that there 's little historical reason to be fearful just because people are occasionally found to have amassed supplies , because the number of times people are discovered with supplies have historically vastly outstripped the number of actual terror attacks - it 's rare that people actually go further successfully . 
  even when left to their own devices . 
  that does n't mean they 're not dangerous and that they should n't be stopped - if we do ignore them , eventually one of them turns out to be someone dumb enough to want to go ahead yet smart enough to be able to pull it off . 
  but it means that the actual risk of harm is vastly lower than the perceived risk , and we need to take the discrepancy between these numbers into account when trying to evaluate what the actual risk of terror is , and when evaluating how likely it is that recovering supplies represents stopping a serious major planned attack vs. stopping someone with a mental issue . 
  it used to be that people found stockpiling fertilizer or other suitable bomb materials etc. 
  were just written off as crackpots . 
  dangerous crackpots , but still crackpots . 
  because statistically that 's what they 're most likely to be : idiots that usually kills nobody and sometimes themselves , and only very , very rarely turns out to be a terrorist with an agenda . 
  the result is that it is irrational to conclude that it is anything but tiny outside of a handful of countries ( like pakistan , nigeria , afghanistan and a few others ) with large , active terror groups . 
  as i 've said elsewhere : anyone older should be terrified of the flu rather than terrorists . 
  the flu kills magnitudes more . 
  the rest of us should worry more about the threat of some lunatic driver than a terrorist - they 're more likely to kill us . 
  it gets easier to ignore the relative unimportance of terrorism as a threat if we worry about every lunatic stockpiling crap and getting caught . 
   but if the demographic shifts continue for another couple decades what do you think the muslim majority cities in the uk will look like ? 
  there 's no reasonable population projection which will lead to any major uk cities getting a muslim majority in a few decades . 
  for several reasons , not least being that it is well established that third world immigrant populations see birth rates plummet to the host nation baseline within about a generation , which means that demographic shifts like that requires massive sustained migration . 
  for birmingham to reach a muslim majority would require that current demographic shifts persist in numbers for about a century or in percent ( requires steadily * growing * net migration of muslims to birmingham ) for about 50 years . 
  managing that as birth rates for the existing muslim population nosedives would take either massive internal migration in the uk ( thus reducing the proportion of muslims elsewhere in the uk equivalently ) or a massive increase in immigration to the uk from muslim countries , with birmingham soaking up the vast majority of it . 
   its easy to feel secure and safe simply because at this moment in time things are still pretty stable , no , i feel secure and safe because i know plenty of muslims and the ones i know are all equally horrified of the prospect of the kind of regimes that would worry me - all of the ones i know live here because they or their families did not want to live under those kind of regimes . 
  some of the ones i 've met are people who had to escape after having worked untiringly to end oppression until the death threats started getting too regular and intense ( e.g. 
  a turkish journalist who wrote about kurdish issues while it was still illegal ) . 
  yes , there are exceptions , and yes , if there was indeed such a large change in demographics it would change things , it would take far more than a muslim majority for a change - muslims are no more a cohesive political force than everyone else is . 
  the very idea they would be a single force for change shows a staggering lack of knowledge of the political history of islam . 
  even the last 50-100 years gives a huge number of examples of how politically , culturally , * and * religiously disjointed they are . 
  i see your implication , and i 'm sure there 's some of it , but my ex is black and african , and she too gets a pass . 
  i think certainly where you come from matters to many , but for a lot it is also simply being able to put a face and a name to someone . 
  they see that we 're not behaving the way their stereotypes claim , so rather than throw away their stereotypes they just treat us as exceptions ... 
   most of european countries are either in eu or nato . 
  so they 're allies . 
  hence why i wrote `` for most of their existence , until suddenly it was n't true anymore '' . 
   of course he 's not going to do a direct invasion , he will do same sh * t he does everywhere , create `` break-away republic '' to protect russian minority who was forced let 's say onto latvia and estonia during soviet times . 
  that would still not prevent a article 5 request for assistance . 
  * any * proof of russian incursions into the territory of a nato country would be sufficient . 
  the norm with immigration is that people tend to fear it most where there is least . 
  you quickly get used to it , at which point all of the bullshit fears disappears and you 're left with much smaller ( and more genuine ) fears . 
  the best way of reducing fears of immigration would be to spread a small number of immigrants throughout the areas with least immigration to get them used to it . 
  not saying that large scale immigration does n't have big issues that needs to be treated seriously , but the fears rarely reflects the real problems , and often help obscure the real problems by shifting the focus of the debates . 
  same here . 
  i 've had problems finding numbers for deaths by getting by lightning in europe ( not that i looked very hard ) , but in the us you are far more likely to get hit by lightning than to get hit by terror . 
  and anyone older should be terrified of the flu , not of terror - the flu kills magnitudes more . 
  let 's consider that lots of people have amassed supplies and gotten further and yet failed spectacularly to either act at all , or to carry out their attacks with anything resembling success . 
  the track record of would-be terrorists is abysmal . 
  the track record of would-be terrorists at carrying out `` major attacks '' is far worse . 
  that 's something a lot of european countries could say about one or more of their neighbours prior for most of their existence , until suddenly it was n't true anymore . 
  i 'm not saying people should n't be wary of putin , but at the same time as i think he 's a dangerous megalomaniac , like the guy above i also do n't think he 's quite stupid enough to go after a nato country . 
  though i 'm not surprised if people still worry , especially given the slow , weak response to ukraine - as much as a response to an attack on nato country is likely to be far harsher , it did send an unfortunate message . 
  i have neighbours ( in the uk ) that complain about both of these . 
  frequently within minutes of each other . 
  of course we do n't count ( both my ex and i are immigrants ) for some undefined reason - apparently you get a free pass if they know your face and name . 
  it 's those evil * other * immigrants that steal jobs and benefits and women . 
  i wish i got to be one of those immigrants - i 'd take getting tons of government handouts and women on top of my job over the approval of my neighbours any day . 
  i live in london , and walked through the centre of london after the 7/7 attacks without knowing what was going on . 
  my take is : why should i worry ? 
  yes , the attacks were horrible , but if grouping them in ( bus and underground attacks ) with overall traffic mortality that year , they were a blip . 
  even seeing the underground or buses alone , they did n't even double the number of deaths . 
  averaged out over a few years ( none since ; it 'd be reasonable to assume you can then spread the out when considering risk ) , they 're a non-issue . 
  worrying about terrorism is human , because we see large , clustered events and we lose all concept of relative levels and overall risk . 
  but it 's also deeply irrational . 
  i worry about traffic deaths , and things like dementia , cancer and heart attack risks before i worry about terrorism . 
  even the flu is vastly more likely to kill me than terror . 
  the think to worry about with terrorism , is how we are at risk of dismantling our freedoms in the grips of deeply irrational fears . 
  and if it did n't relate with the square of height it would fit worse with collected data . 
  bmi is how it is because it is the simplest formula that has been shown to give a * reasonable * fit with real world data of fat percentages . 
  there are many variations that fit available datasets better but that are too complicated , and several that over the years have been discarded because they were too inaccurate - including using constant scaling factors instead of squaring the height . 
  anyone using it * should * ( but i 'm sure many do n't ) understand that it is a first indicator to roughly triage people by build : if your bmi is in the normal range , statistically you 're * probably * ok absent other indicators and there 's little point in checking your weight . 
  if it 's not , it does not mean you 're in danger , it means you are statistically more likely to have a weight problem and it 's worth figuring out your actual body fat percentage . 
  as long as your treat bmi that way , it is a helpful indicator . 
  especially as people do n't suddenly add lots of muscle without realising they 've done so , so * changes * in someones bmi is a good indicator on an individual level as well . 
  the moment someone treats bmi as if it actually tells them accurately whether or not you 're unhealthy , on the other hand , they 're an ignorant fool . 
  traditionally swedes and norwegians like to insist that speaking danish is like speaking with a potato in your mouth . 
  so just learn norwegian or swedish pronunciation and use a potato to garble it ... 
  as a norwegian , i 'll just have to say * every * danish sound is really close to every other ... 
  surprise , surprise the page now 404 's . 
   really proud to have them with us in the eu how long is it you 've believed turkey to be a member of the eu ? 
   there were something like a dozen other gangs that have been discovered that still makes it a small proportion of all rapes . 
  to reiterate : it does n't make it any less disgusting , and clearly there have been massive failings there . 
  but the point i made , and have repeatedly made , was that over-focusing on these types of rapes have the dangerous effect of making people think that they are a major risk , when they are small risk relative to friends and relatives . 
   this is to say , gang rapes are a tiny portion of child rapes because pakistani muslims are a tiny portion of the population .
