  it takes lifting immigrant groups up economically to a similar level as the rest of the population , coupled with making both them and the rest of people feel connected enough that religion or ethnicity is not even for a moment considered when considering where to move . 
  in other words : it takes a lot of time and effort , and it 's not really down to immigrants/refugees on their own , because even if * they * were to all want to spread out , if the rest of the population still have preferences , the effect will rapidly get cancelled out . 
  so , anyone who dresses differently are extremists , got you . 
  brb , going to start a campaign to ban hipsters from wearing their extremist symbols . 
  and how does that make them `` radical '' ? 
  are you a `` radical '' for wearing clothes not demanded by a religious book ? 
  i ca n't even begin to understand how you think that the lack of a requirement to wear a burqa in the quran somehow logically translates into the assumption that everyone who wears a burqa is a `` radical '' . 
  i put `` radical '' in quotes here , because given your logical leaps , without a clear definition of what you consider `` radical '' to mean in this context , the term is entirely meaningless . 
  i think the burkas and niqabs are idiotic and oppressive , and certainly not something that is mandated by islam . 
  but at the same time , starting to place restrictions on people dress is incredibly invasive . 
  and given how extremely rare full burkas and niqabs are in europe , it 's pretty clearly a symbolic issue rather than addressing any actual problem . 
  this is inevitably sooner or later going to end up in front of the european court of human rights ( which has jurisdiction as switzerland is a member of the council of europe and has ratified the relevant treaties ) unless this law is struck down by courts in switzerland first . 
  the [ european convention on human rights ] ( http://www.echr.coe.int/documents/convention_eng.pdf ) ( pdf ) , article 9 , section 2 , states :  freedom to manifest one 's religion or beliefs shall be subject only to such limitations as are prescribed by law ** and are necessary in a democratic society in the interests of public safety , for the protection of public order , health or morals , or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others ** . 
  my emphasis . 
  now , there are pretty wide exemptions there , but without showing concrete evidence that people wearing burqas or niqabs are more likely to reduce public safety or cause disorder , it 's hard to see how such a ban would be consistent with this section . 
  article 14 also sets out restrictions on discrimination that someone might try to make use of . 
  article 14 is very wide in setting out protected groups :  the enjoyment of the rights and freedoms set forth in this convention shall be secured without discrimination on any ground such as sex , race , colour , language , religion , political or other opinion , national or social origin , association with a national minority , property , birth or other status . 
  since this law is very clearly targeting primarily adherents of a single religion and/or by `` national or social origin '' or `` association with a national minority '' , and primarily women , it would seem that it would likely be considered discriminatory . 
  of course they appear to have tried to get around that by muddling it up with public order concerns , ad it 'll be interesting to see if the court is willing to see past that given that if public order was the genuinely the primary concern it 'd have been worded very differently . 
  ( note : not a lawyer ), 
   we do n't hate and we do n't attack kurds , it 's the terrorist organization pkk that we 've been in conflict with for decades . 
  pkk only came into existed because kurds in turkey got sick and tired of decades of oppression ( following massacres of tens of thousands of kurds ) . 
  oppression that continued for decades after pkk was formed : until '91 there were officially no kurds in turkey . 
  there were `` mountain turks '' . 
  from 1980 until 1991 , the kurdish language was illegal to use and teach , and is still discriminated against . 
  look at the number of non-kurdish turks who had to flee during that period just because they dared write about and talk about the oppression of kurds , or even use the name `` kurds '' to refer to them . 
  i personally knew a turk that had to flee after his life was threatened by turkish security officials because he wrote about the oppression of the kurds . 
  until the early 2000 's , parties supporting kurdish interests were actively oppressed or outright outlawed too . 
  pkk certainly have committed plenty of crimes , but so have the turkish state - even if we exclude the massacres in the 20 's and 30 's ( which add up to tens of thousands dead and further large amounts of people exiled ) - , including thousands of extrajudicial killings ( murders , in order words ) . 
  the point is not to excuse the pkks methods , but to point out that it took more than half a century of brutal oppression and mass murders of kurds in turkey before the kurds went as far as starting to use the same methods to retaliate as the turkish state had used against them , i 'm sure you personally do n't hate kurds , and i 'm sure you genuinely think this is just about a terror organization , which is unsurprising given how hard it was been to even discuss the issue in turkey without getting arrested , but the turkish government is far from blameless in this . 
   we have no problem with kurds then convince the kurds of that , because a lot of them clearly still do n't see it that way . 
  probably because you 've spent decades oppressing them , and trying to erase their culture . 
  for a long time your government tried to insist there was no such thing as kurds . 
  the first turkish person i knew was a journalist who had to flee turkey after receiving death threats from government agents because he wrote about the turkish governments oppression of kurds and dared refer to them as kurds . 
  he 'd seen multiple colleagues killed or imprisoned for the same reason . 
  turkey has improved its treatment of kurds in many respects since then , but it still has a long way to go before kurds in general has a reason to think you have no problems with them . 
  you 're sick of losing people ? 
  so have the kurds been for decades . 
  and so have non-kurdish turks who dared support them . 
  push people around enough and they 'll start lashing out in desperation and anger . 
  want to stop the pkk ? 
  actually negotiate in good faith and give people reason enough to trust you , and the pkk will lose support for terror operations just like the ira did when the uk government actually sat down to negotiate properly . 
  case in point syria ( french colony ) , iraq ( uk puppet state ) ... 
  in both cases the imperialist involvement was the direct cause of growth in support for ba'athists . 
  both assad and isis firmly has their roots in those ba'athist groups . 
  both france and britain ( and the us ) should consider that in a century of meddling in these two countries , things have worked best for everyone in the periods they meddled the least . 
  that requires russian authorities to have any kind of incentive to prevent them from reaching the border , but really they 're mostly formalities . 
  and according to norwegian police ( quoted in the article ) : `` you can say that maybe about five to 20 people try it a month . 
  there have been a couple of people who have tried by bicycle . 
  the rest are being driven over in russian cars . 
  it 's very easy for them to cross -- ** they can just sit in a russian car , and come into norway . 
  and it 's legal . 
  ** '' ( my emphasis ) . 
  as they are not prevented by norwegian authorities from crossing if they reach the actual border , there 's no real reason for russian authorities to prevent them from approaching the border . 
  after all they 've gotten in , and russian authorities certainly have no incentive to make them stay in russia . 
  the only practical hindrance is having the means to physically reach the border . 
  it is quite amusing , though , that it 's harder to actually approach the border from the russian side than it is to cross into norway . 
  the voluntary selection is to deal with the fact that any tests they can apply to the product * will not * be 100 % effective even in theory . 
  consider a test that has false negatives in 0.01 % of cases . 
  that 's a 1:10000 chance that any given `` bad '' sample will pass the test . 
  that 's low when dealing with a single sample . 
  but given enough samples it means that letting some infected samples through is a certainty . 
  you wo n't get away from that . 
  ever . 
  you can reduce the percentage , but it will never go to 0 . 
  the goal of the forms is not to replace that test . 
  it 's to introduce `` defence in depth '' by adding an additional layer to drive the percentage of bad samples down so that whatever the failure rate is of your test , the false negative rate has a much lower aggregate effect . 
  let 's say people in the `` safe '' group makes up 90 % of people showing up to donate , and that they are 100 % truthful ( they have no reason to lie ; if they lie their donation would get excluded ) . 
  lets say 90 % of the remaining 10 % are truthful . 
  that means you 've reduced the `` high risk '' samples from 10 % to 1 % of the original population . 
  in practical terms , it means you 've reduced the `` high risk '' samples by almost one magnitude . 
  if the differential in risk between the groups is high enough , this can add up to a substantial reduction in overall risk . 
  there are restrictions like these pretty much everywhere . 
  i 'm in the uk , and the restrictions here are not whether or not you define yourself as gay , but based on whether or not you have had sex with another man ( if you 're male ) or with a man that has had sex with another man ( if you 're female ) within the last 12 months . 
  there are other restrictions too , on people who have been sexually active in high risk countries ( large parts of africa , for example ) , or if you 've had sex with a prostitute . 
  basically it 's down to the fact that any test that can be applied has a false negative rate , and if you take blood from enough people , even a ridiculously low false negative rate will still mean you get contaminated blood now and again , so better to exclude the highest risk groups even if the risk is tiny . 
  it 's hilarious/nefarious that someone suggested that the russian-norwegian border is impenetrable , and recommended hot-air balloon . 
  [ here 's one of two three-country border points in norway - between finland , russia and norway in this case ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muotkavaara ) . 
  looks hard to cross , right ? 
  and of course , that 's not at all the most convenient spot . 
  [ this page has a good number of pictures of unprotected parts of the border , as well as the official crossing where there they can just drive or walk across to the norwegian border station ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norway%e2%80%93russia_border ) ( [ here is the other three-country border point with finland , sweden , norway ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three-country_cairn ) btw . ), 
  that 's changing rapidly . 
  the poles used to be a big deal , then people got used to them and mostly have accepted that they 're not eating babies and stealing all the jobs . 
  many of them have also returned . 
  so then it was suddenly the supposed hordes of job-stealing , raping and pillaging romanians that supposedly would come . 
  but they could n't be bothered to show up in sufficient numbers to satisfy peoples fears , so it 's all gotten quite muted . 
  only people caught would need to apply for asylum immediately . 
  claiming asylum is as such a safety blanket to prevent being outright thrown out . 
  even then , claiming asylum does not prevent them from trying to travel further - it merely creates a legal means for the next state to decline their application and send them back to the first state . 
  and for people to be caught , you need just as many people with a fence as without a fence that people are prepared for . 
  so what did you gain ? 
   if refugees know they will likely end up in a country like hungary , slovenia , czech republic etc. 
  they 'll likely not make the journey . 
  how many guards can these countries afford to prevent people from sneaking past their borders ? 
  because their choice is guards , or building far more extensive structures than a fence . 
   there 's tons of places they could go in the region which are safe why should they - or anyone - settle for `` safe '' ? 
  we have welfare systems because we do n't consider merely `` safe '' to be humane . 
   so , why do you think that was so ? 
  the answer is in the sentence direct following your quote ... 
  except it 's not .
