  it gives useful data , but * not * on how their opinions evolved as individuals , and not even as a group unless you ran the same focus group before the event , and compare the results rather than trust their statements . 
   i 'm 99 % sure that that 's part of what this is . 
  if they are incompetent enough to confuse a focus group with a poll , then the results are far less trustworthy . 
  the language in the article indicates a proper focus group , which involves multi-way conversations , not individuals writing down answers to a question . 
   a lot of the price of goods in the uk is paying store staff/transport/storage , which would all decrease in cost with the pound . 
  it only decreases for someone whose income is in a different currency . 
  if your income is in pounds , the relative values stay the same . 
  this may matter for some multi-nationals , but if their preferred currency is another one than pounds , their uk revenues at the same price point will also drop accordingly . 
  i do agree that certainly a lot of the price will be domestic costs and that will protect us a bit , but the pound drop is still substantial enough that it certainly will have an effect . 
  but this is also why things like travel is important - there the loss in buying power is much more direct . 
  i just came back from my own holiday and the change was very noticeable . 
   also , anything that is currently produced in the uk will become ~ 10 % cheaper again , only to people whose income is in a different currency . 
  so good for exporters - for the time being , until/unless we get clarification on the change to duties etc. 
   electronics and more expensive goods are also priced to match what people will pay , rather than based on traditional cost + margin economics that 's true on the high end of the market . 
  not the low end . 
  a lot of low end electronics on amazon 's uk store is being drop-shipped directly from china with minimal margins . 
  there are occasional arbitrage opportunities there , but they get plugged increasingly quickly by chinese manufacturers and distributors selling direct , and what does n't get plugged by them gets plugged by small companies here . 
  it 's to the point where it 's now a toss-up in many cases if i will end up ordering from alibaba or from amazon , as the same distributors will often offer the same products on amazon for the same as the product + freight costs if ordering it direct from china . 
   it 's still in the top 10 of world ( merchandise ) exporters yes , but we also do n't know yet how that will be affected in that a * lot * of uk exports exists solely because of the access to the eu market . 
  asian car manufacturers have plants here because they can export to the eu without import duties . 
  any worsening market access will cut into the uk exports by making manufacturers move their plants . 
   the guy i was replying to was saying that everyone he 's spoken to regrets it . 
  i ca n't prove that they 're all very intelligent , no . 
  nor can he prove that they are . 
  this we agree on . 
   a focus group is the only way to measure the change in opinion of one side . 
  a focus group * ca n't * give you reliable data on this , because the interaction and post-fact discussion of details destroys the data you are trying to collect by tainting peoples memories . 
  memories are fragile and malleable , and this is far worse in group contexts where peer pressure and reinforcement etc. 
  also plays in . 
  i mean their article itself describes this effect by pointing out how the mood of one of the groups changed . 
   an opinion poll could show no move from 53/47 for leave , whereas in reality x leavers could have switched to remain ( regretting their vote ) and x remainers could have switched to leave . 
  polling regularly tackles this just fine in two ways : * a ) tie the data from a sequence of polls of the same people over time together . 
  * or b ) ( less reliable ) ask people what they voted * and * what they 'd vote now . 
   i agree , but the guy was suggesting that many leavers regret their vote . 
  i 'm a remainer , but i absolutely do n't buy that many leavers already regret their decision and i 'm not certain that they ever will . 
  oh , i 'm sure you 'll find plenty . 
  but whether they are enough to shift the needle is another matter , and people might very well have moved the other way too ( `` world has n't ended , so maybe it wo n't be so bad ... '' ) as i mentioned , i think we will get an indication of whether people will start regretting it once people have gone through the school holidays and christmas with the pound worth less . 
  if that does n't shift opinion , then they are telling the truth when they say it 's not mainly about the economy , and it 'll be very resistant to change even in the fact of even worse changes - if people first show they are willing to up with adversity you get an effect where having committed so far makes you more committed to continuing . 
  but if the weak pound shifts opinion substantially by new year , brexit may end up never happening - in that case it 's a matter of hunkering down , and see if it will have shifted far enough in another year ( i think realistically , just having it tip over 50 % wo n't be enough ; it 'd need to be a larger shift than that ) . 
   and no one actually believes the mps wo n't toe party line . 
  that 's funny , because they often do n't . 
  jeremy corbyn , for example , has voted against the party line more than 400 times . 
  i agree their party is often a pretty good metric , but there are plenty of major exceptions , which means that if you just vote blindly by party affiliation without figuring out what your candidate supports you may get major surprises . 
  as an example , which is particularly relevant : theresa may wants to get rid of the european convention on human rights , while david davis ( brexit minister - also a tory ) has threatened to rebel over it in the past . 
  that 's a pretty stark contrast , and something people very well could vote differently over . 
  unless you have tried , and failed , or have insider info about their access to leaked material , this is pure speculation . 
  and of course you 're free to speculate , but treating your speculations as fact is as silly as treating wikileaks as objective and unbiased : it * could * be true , but we simply ca n't know , and so the safer alternative is to assume it is n't . 
  seems like publicity hunger to me . 
  it 's typical of their pattern of claiming to have insider info . 
  could be someone wants to defend putin too , but if anything i 'd say it 's more likely that putin and assange has a common enemy in the us , which for assange goes directly to his self-imposed embassy asylum and fear of prosecution . 
  assange has plenty of reason to choose the us if making allegations for that reason . 
  anyway it does n't matter - my point still stands : there is value in the leaks even if the leakers are biased , as long as we are aware it will never be neutral . 
  he implied that may 's rise to the post of pm happened in a manner similar to that of eu officials , and that this is ironic when many people complained about the latter . 
  you are attacking a strawman . 
  in the uk people elect ** mps ** , not parties . 
  an elected mp holds the seat even if changing parties , unless the mp voluntarily vacates the seat . 
  that 's not how it works in the uk at all . 
  in the uk you very specifically vote * for an mp * representing your local constituency . 
  it 's a totally undemocratic system , which has left us with a governing party that does not have the support of the majority of those who voted yet has a parliamentary majority , and a pm that was selected by only a decision of a majority of mps sitting for that party . 
  there are not many developed countries where this is the `` done thing '' , or even possible . 
  it is also constitutionally icky in that it is long standing convention in the uk that the party who forms the government is expected to not deviate too far from their election manifesto - that is what their mandate ( or lack of one in this case ) is based on . 
  in this case may is revamping a ton of policies and introducing policies that nobody has had a chance to let affect their choice in mp . 
  it is that scary . 
  it 's terrifying , consider that theresa may e.g. 
  in the past have wanted to withdraw the uk from the european convention on human rights for example . 
  thankfully the tories have a majority that is currently too slim to prevent rebels from stopping an attempt at that ( david davis in particular would be likely to rebel and pull with him him quite a few others ) . 
  but something that important hinging on a narrow enough tory majority for threat of rebellion to hold hr back is scary . 
  european cultures were diverse for hundreds of years over empires that did n't respect any national boundaries because the modern european nation states are almost entirely modern inventions ( and that includes the uk , which is almost unique in europe in its extremely low and dropping national cohesion , because the `` british '' identity was a complete fabrication to try to unite the countries of the kingdom , and was largely english and largely tied to the empire . 
  it was n't until the early 90 's that europes national boundaries had mostly settled , and we still have unresolved conflicts tied to nationalities that mostly did n't exist a century and a half ago . 
  they were spun together from myths , grand ideas and fantasy , not from some pre-existing nationalities . 
   i want trade between nations , i want cooperation , i want the people to have their say on the government that runs them and not have their powers given up to brussels . 
  i want sovereignty , democracy and freedom . 
  yet by voting to leave , the uk will most likely cede more powers to brussels in return for less influence , as it 's clear that the balance is strongly in favour of close integration - to gain a majority , the brexit deal only needs to be acceptable to remainers and 2 % more , which likely means that the democratic choice would be something close to an eea deal , which means decisions taken in brussels but * no * vote on them . 
  that is , unless the country is torn apart before then , by various attempts at pushing for independence . 
  take your pick : a steadily declining uk with the central government stripped of powers and more and more parts leaving , or a uk tied hands and feet to the eu , stripped of influence and likely losing several current opt-outs . 
  as for war with russia , even with the uk taken out , the eu has a ppp adjusted gdp 5 times that of russia , and a population about 3 times as large . 
  putin may be crazy , but he 's not sufficient of a lunatic to risk war with the eu * and * nato . 
  a focus group indicating they have n't seen upheaval yet so do n't feel much regret yet does not in any way indicate anything either way about whether or not they 're ignorant or did n't know what they were doing . 
  furthermore , a focus group is an entirely invalid method of measuring changing opinion in this respect , as the entire method taints the data ( case in point : '' . 
  the group ended on a much more positive note than it had begun , with participants upbeat about the result and what the future might bring '' - the very conduct of the focus group itself altered the data they tried to measure ) . 
  people ( and this applies to both sides ) will retrospectively seek to justify the choice they made - it 's an innate psychological mechanism . 
  for leavers this will mean looking for signs things are good . 
  for remainers this will mean looking for looming disaster . 
  we can be aware of this effect , but we ca n't fully correct for it . 
  in the short term , leavers attitudes now comes down to this :  in the month since the result , few had noticed any significant changes to their day to day lives , or their household finances until they do ( if they do ) , they have no reasons to give up on a rosy view . 
  if they do start noticing it - and frankly i 'm curious to see what people think after the school holidays once many have come home from holidays that will have been far more expensive than intended . 
  i 'm also curious what people will think after the christmas shopping period , as by then we should expect to see the weak pound severely affecting peoples gift choices as imported goods necessarily will have to increase in price to swallw a fairly solid chunk of the weak pound . 
  but ultimately it will take a long time before peoples opinions reflects actual changing circumstances . 
  mate , it 's proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that the fsb is n't their only source , given e.g. 
  the chelsea manning leaks . 
  i already pointed out and agree with that there can be all kinds of biases there . 
  from their availability of sources - it does n't matter if they 're neutral if most of their material is spoon fed from the fsb their output will still be biased - to any editorial bias ( though personally i think they 're too publicity hungry to hold anything back ) . 
  but my point is that as long as we treat it as what it is - a soapbox for anonymous leakers - and with that accept the inevitable bias caused by having no control over where the documents come from - , it still gives us access to documents we otherwise would not get to see , and that still makes it useful , no matter the bias . 
  as for the attack on the panama papers leak , this to me has more to do with their desire to place themselves in the centre and publicity whoring . 
  i do n't doubt that they also express biases , but frankly i think they 'd attack anyone if it served their publicity hunger . 
  wikileaks leaks what they get . 
  they do n't dig up their own material . 
  that means that it 's quite possible fsb is feeding them information . 
  but it 's entirely unlikely they 're the only ones . 
  the key to wikileaks is to remember they 're providing a soapbox and plausible deniability to `` anyone '' that wishes information released ( i put `` anyone '' in quotes because we do n't know what filtering they apply to what they release ) .
