   we could argue banning this type of clothing is bad for some people now but would make the life of many more better in the future and combat the aprossive structural elements of islamic teachings . 
  we could , but for that to be meaningful we would need evidence that banning such outfits - which are * exceedingly rare * in the west - would actually have a positive impact for any , rather than just deny those most oppressed the opportunity to experience a more liberal society first hand . 
  if a ban was made on this basis , and with explicit provisions to dissolve the ban if evidence found no positive effects , then i would be more liable to be open to it . 
  the big problem here is that in most countries , once a law is on the books it is extremely hard to get rid of it again even if it never achieves the original intent , and as such i am extremely vary about anything that limits civil rights . 
  not least because some portion of those supporting it will tend to have entirely different motives . 
   i 'm not against afirmattive action btw . 
  i understand it although i would like a more heavy socio-economic aproach to it . 
  there we agree - affirmative action is the kind of us peculiarity that stems out of a belief that poverty is someones own fault unless there are extreme outside factors . 
  affirmative action may have been well meant , but its effect is reactionary in that it justifies that continued belief by saying that racism is the only such extreme factor that can throw some `` deserving people '' into poverty despite their own efforts , and as such it throws every other poor person under the bus . 
  we already know that when you correct for socio-economic factors , most measures of racial differences in the us disappears or are dampened substantially , but of course trying to address poverty as a whole is politically untenable there . 
  `` civilization '' has also brought with it plenty of bad shit - that something came with civilization does not automatically mean it 's good ; nor does it automatically mean it is bad , of course . 
  you 're free to hold that opinion , but an opinion is all it is . 
   just set one . 
  so you want an arbitrary standard . 
  how is that rational ? 
   choose a bmi , allow some leeway . 
  if you use bmi , many atheletes in peak physical condition will be caught out - when i was at my lowest body fat levels ever , and was toned enough to get regularly pinched and groped when going clubbing , my bmi put me well into obese territory because of my muscle volume . 
  how is that a rational basis for determining whether someone looks healthy enough for you ? 
  how are you going to enforce that ? 
  have police carry scales or a calipher around ? 
  the very idea is beyond ridiculous . 
   laws are n't perfect , it does n't mean we should just give up . 
  exactly , which is why i find the idea of setting standards for how much you 're allowed to put on show down to arbitrary , subjective standards based on somones idea of what disgusts them to be downright offensive . 
  want standards for skin colour too while you 're at it ? 
  i misunderstood you then , my apologies . 
  though there are plenty here that the argument still applies to , so i 'll leave it as is . 
  so it 's cool , because * maybe * these women who are not speaking up about other coercion over periods of years of being allowed into public will decide to speak up at a once-in-a-decade opportunity which the person responsible for their coercion would likely see as a particular risk ? 
  as a counter , we have multiple cases of * actual kidnap victims * found over the last decade or so who have been allowed out of the houses they were kept in multiple times over the times they were held - sometimes unsupervised - without calling for help . 
  personally i consider causing a situation where women who are subject to this level of coercion face even worse conditions to be deeply immoral . 
  the point is there is no objective standards for what is `` healthy enough '' to be allowed to show off your body shape , so there is no way to set a rational standard for it . 
  do you ? 
  i do n't . 
  just because some places are crowded and you need to act differently in crowded places is not a good reason to require people to act the same way in places that are not crowded . 
   and they cause nervousness among other members of the population so do any number of other things that are not genuine threats . 
  i for one find it pathetic that people are so scared about not seeing someones face as to find it necessary to try to outlaw it . 
  it says something about what a bunch of wimps we 're becoming , and i find it offensive when people try to legislate away anything that makes them nervous - it has echoes of times and places where being e.g. 
  a black man and walking down the street could get you in trouble just because someone thought you looked scary . 
  there is no right not to get nervous in public . 
  if you get nervous in public over something that is in no way a threat , then that is your psychological problem to address , not something that should justify legislation . 
   for example ... removal of veils is absolutely necessary in courts , when you 're a teacher etc , but if you allow veils in public and treat it as religious freedom how would you ban then in courts/schools ? 
  how about you allow people to dress however the fuck they want in public not specifically because it is about religious freedom , but because it is about * civil rights * ? 
  we recognise , and handle perfectly fine , that many things we are allowed to do in terms of dress on our own time are not acceptable in certain contexts already . 
  the veil is nothing special in that respect - it should be unacceptable in contexts like schools and courts not because it is used as a religious symbol , but because it hinders communication and our ability to read facial expressions in both cases , and because it has an impact on ability to securely identify the person ... 
  it is fine to recognise that in certain contexts those requirements may need to outweight your ability to wear what you want without having to ban certain types of outfits entirely . 
  your idea of using `` rational , biological standards '' is equilly arbitrary . 
  your `` rational , biological standards '' does not control what people find disgusting . 
  i find it completely disingenuous to talk about `` societal pressures '' and `` systemic coercion '' while arguing for the strongest form of systemic coercion there is , in the form of using laws to force someone to act differently . 
  it also ignores one of the big problems with these types of bans : for women who * are * subject to coercion in this matter , the alternative is largely to stay indoors if they are not allowed to wear a veil . 
  if the goal really has anything to do with improving things for these women , how is getting them locked up indoors achieving that ? 
  i find this hilarious coming from someone with `` denmark '' in the flair , given that you allow public nudity to a far greater level than most countries in the world , and being nude in public by itself has not been an indictable offense in denmark for a generation . 
  ... and here we have the type of argument that leads to making someone wear veils . 
  if we were to go by what disgusts or offends someone , somewhere , most of us would be forced to trundle around inside a cardbord box to avoid being seen by anyone at all . 
  come to think of it , i 'd find it disgusting to see people so worried about causing offense as to walk around covered by a cardboard box , so that 's out too . 
  some examples : * [ cincinatti riots of 1829 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cincinnati_riots_of_1829 ) ( and again in 1836 , 1841 ) - irish immigrants and later other whites attacked african americans and trigger massive black flight . 
  * [ snow riot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snow_riot ) ( 1835 ) - lynch mob turned riot targetting african americans * [ astor place riots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/astor_place_riot ) ( 1849 ) - 25 dead and 120 injured when immigrants ( to a large extent irish ) and nativist clashed with each other and with the police and militia . 
  * [ bloody monday riot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_monday ) ( 1855 ) - protestants attacked german and irish catholics . 
  death toll estimates range from 19 to hundreds . 
  * [ memphis riots of 1866 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/memphis_riots_of_1866 ) - tension after the civil war triggered whites rioting through black neighbourhoods . 
  * [ the chinese massacre of 1871 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinese_massacre_of_1871 ) - about 500 white men went into los angeles chinatown to attack , rob and murder chinese residents . 
  * [ colfax massacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/colfax_massacre ) ( 1873 ) - white democrats armed with rifles and a cannon overpowered republican freedmen and black state militias trying to protect the colfax courthouse . 
  * [ rock springs massacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rock_springs_massacre ) - chinese immigrant miners and white immigrant miners clashed - at least 28 chinese were killed . 
  * [ seattle riot of 1886 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seattle_riot_of_1886 ) - anti-chinese riots . 
  * [ wilmington race riot of 1898 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wilmington_insurrection_of_1898 ) - white democrats overthrew the elected government and expelled black leaders from town . 
  * [ bellingham riots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bellingham_riots ) ( 1907 ) - 400-500 white men mostly from the asiatic exclusion league attacked south asian indians . 
  you can find [ many more here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_riots ) - it lists riots in general , not just us riots or race or immigration motivated rioted , but you will easily find plenty of us examples . 
  the us has been hostile to various groups of immigrants for as long as immigrants have been coming , too . 
  this is nothing new ( and not specific to the us ) . 
  the us does n't have an official language , and never has , so it 's not for you to decide . 
  oh , the comments on that article ... 
  i 'm off to wash my eyes with bleach . 
  it seemed as if you were saying that it was n't a big deal that they were marginals , because the other party is still pro-eu , so i wanted to point out that it still is a big deal , because they will still care that they lose the seat . 
  if you were n't suggested that it is n't a big deal , then i misunderstood . 
   please , you 're acting like this is venezuela . 
  the pound has devalued by like 10 % , and while significant , its not the end of the world . 
  have a look at a 10 year chart , we 've had larger changes . 
  while that is true , consider that this reflects the market reactions to what we know so far , and that this has been enough to `` cost '' us most of the recovery in value of the pound after the 2008 crisis . 
  and that prices in uncertainty and some expectation that the uk will leave , but it does not price in specifics of what terms the uk will have because it ca n't because nobody knows . 
  as a result , it is likely to continue dropping as brexit draws nearer . 
  look at 2007-2008 , when it started off on a similar downwards slope , but then most of the really bad news hit in a very narrow timeframe and the value went to shit much faster and deeper once there was certainty ( e.g. 
  i work with a company handling restaurant bookings for a number of chains and many of them are in the city of london and docklands - we could follow the collapses in `` realtime '' by looking at the bounce rates of e-mail campaigns to large banks as the layoffs and bankruptcies hit , as well as by the temporarily increased booking rates as people booked goodbye lunches etc - we 've never before or since had similarly large changes over such a short timeframe ) . 
  the price prices in the markets belief about * how long * the uk has left inside the eu . 
  if you are investing with , say , a 3 year horizon , then if you think the uk will do great until the exit actually happens and then fall off a cliff , your overall outlook * right now * might still justify pouring money into the pound on the expectation that overall economic outlook might still give you a good shot at a good return before things get too shaky , but with that kind of short term outlook even a month or two of difference in the timing based on e.g. 
  parliament deciding to drag its feet , would massively alter your expected returns , and hence how much you 'd be willing to pay for pounds . 
  notice how it drops every time anything happens that 's perceived as bringing brexit closer or indicating it will be harder , and recovers a bit every time anything slows it down , but the overall trend still has us staring at the abyss . 
  forecasting economics is more like making a weather report than predicting climate change : you might get the long term broad strokes right , but people care about the changes affecting them in their lifetime and those are chaotic enough that predictions break down very quickly in the face of uncertainty over individual decisions . 
  we can pretty much prove that to be the case : if the economy was strictly predictable , then market returns would change little from year to year and would themselves be predictable and change in line with the overall economy , and market returns would average out to much nearer the bank interest rates ( there would still be a premium because there would be somewhat higher risks in terms of your ability to secure a profit at any given time , assuming short term variability would persist ) , as the investment risk would be far lower and the value of individual shares would `` only '' reflect individual risks rather than price in overall markt uncertainty . 
  the high returns on shares ( talking about broad indexes , not individual companies ) is there because on top of the risks associated with individual companies , which you can mitigate effectively by spreading your investment across a wide range of companies , there is also a substantial risk of overall economic conditions causing poor performance across the board . 
  but that risk only exists because we ca n't effectively predict overall economic conditions . 
  given the amount of contradictory crap they 've said , i have a hard time trusting any of them . 
  maybe they 're right , and maybe they were just lying through their teeth to try to make their coup succeed . 
  the problem is that most labour voters voted remain , while most labour-held constituencies voted leave . 
  whatever labour does on brexit will hurt . 
  including being vague , and i 'm not happy about that , but i do n't see coming out firmly in one or the other direction helping either . 
   are you talking about actual whipping ? 
  i wish . 
  does n't matter - if their votes shift to ukip , that other pro-eu party candidate is still more likely to win . 
  case in point : my constituency went to the tories with a 100-something votes . 
  ukip got somewhere between 1000 and 2000 . 
  if only 200 voters switch to ukip in anger , and all else remains the same , labour would take the seat . 
  a lost seat is a lost seat .
