  that does not explain the gradual upgrade of the border as escapes continued . 
  it does not explain the east german policy of shooting at people who tried to escape . 
  it does not explain the measures in berlin where east german forces were not facing similar strength relations . 
  the upgrades were very deliberately to stem the flood of people in the early years . 
   by that logic we not need prisons because there where prisonbreaks the big difference is that prisons mostly manage to keep people in . 
  a simple fence does not . 
   you probably refer to the `` wasserbetteffekt '' no , i was not . 
  that means something very different . 
   fences might not stop the problem entirely but they obviously do something does it ? 
  other than require people to bring bolt-cutters ? 
  i somehow do n't think the requirement for someone to bring bolt-cutters will stop people who have walked through several countries . 
  once they 've entered the country , they have a right to claim asylum , and a right to have that application considered , under international treaties , so what exactly did the fence achieve then , that patrolling the border without it does not ? 
   the big difference is that the refugees were welcome in west-germany , creating an incentive to come here . 
  get rid of the incentive and you will get rid of the reason to jump the fence as well . 
  i agree people will not jump the fence if you removes the incentive . 
  but here is the problem : a fence is a tiny little obstacle unless you fortify it and shoot at people . 
  people lived in relative safety and with a tolerable living standard in east-germany and still found reaching west-germany sufficient incentive to keep trying to cross one of the most dangerous borders in the world . 
  until syria is `` fixed '' sufficiently and/or the refugee camps nearer syria have better possibilities for people to live reasonable lives , these refugees incentive is vastly greater unless they 're received in ways far worse than what most european countries are willing to treat dangerous criminals . 
   and still any fence works at reducing numbers a lot , not completely , but a alot . 
  it just moves them to another section of border , until the fence covers a long enough stretch for it the worthwhile for people to carry bolt cutters . 
  which is the reason why borders like the ddr border ended up as fortified as it was : people kept crossing it in too large numbers for the regime to tolerate until they 'd made it that extreme . 
  so you would like to go in the footsteps of the sed governments ? 
  good for you . 
  personally i do n't find oppressive dictatorships good role models . 
  that just underlines my point , which was how much it actually took to stop most people crossing the border illegally compared to a measly little fence that people can `` just '' choose to travel around . 
  5000 people crossing a border so ridiculously protected may mean it `` worked alright '' , but it also illustrates how extreme measures it takes to stop people who have a strong incentive to cross a border that there were still people even trying . 
  nobody is suggesting a border even a tiny fraction as militarised as the ddr border either . 
  the point was people risked their life on a border that most people would consider it insane to cross in order to escape far better conditions . 
  a puny little fence is not going to stop them unless you 're prepared to militarise it to good old iron curtain specifications and man it with large number of troops prepared to shoot . 
  at best it will make them enter the eu via some other stretch of border . 
  politicians in the uk blame the eu all the time . 
  it 's not about big or small , it 's about whether or not your politicians are for the eu and/or believe they can score political points by blaming the eu . 
  are you too young to remember your country before re-unification ( assuming your flair is accurate ) ? 
  the ddr border is a good illustration of why fences on their own means nothing . 
  this is wikipedias description of the border :  on the eastern side , it was made one of the world 's most heavily fortified frontiers , defined by a continuous line of high metal fences and walls , barbed wire , alarms , anti-vehicle ditches , watchtowers , automatic booby traps and minefields . 
  it was patrolled by 50,000 armed gdr guards who faced tens of thousands of west german , british and us guards and soldiers . 
  ** despite this ** people still illegally crossed the border ( though as the border was upgraded the numbers dwindled , it never stopped ) . 
  the only reasons having some fences works is because people naturally pick the weakest link . 
  if the weakest link is going somewhere without the fence , they will . 
  but if the weakest link is the fence , people will scale it . 
  or cut it . 
  or burrow under it . 
  or run cars at high speed through . 
  i think that you misunderstood what i was replying to . 
  to be perfectly clear , i responded to the part of the comment above mine addressing a doctor * pretending * to carry out an examination and lying to the parents about it . 
  the point is that a doctor should be * extremely cautions about opting to prioritise the preventative potential of telling the parents they 're wrong if that puts the patient at risk because a doctors first responsibility it to the parent . 
  if that means lying to the parents , then the doctor needs to consider that this may be the moral and ethical choice - the doctor has no duty of care to the parents . 
  if you are talking about a situation where a doctor is * actually * carrying out an examination they have no business carrying out and giving a result , then , yes , that would be abuse , and a violation of their duties . 
  a doctor has a duty of care to their patient , not a duty to promote a political cause . 
  i agree it may perpetuate the practice , and i agree they should `` in principle serve the truth '' , but where that conflicts with first and foremost caring for their patient , we have a problem . 
  scandinavia in general has plenty of fundamentalist christian sects . 
  they make up a small part of the overall population , though . 
   men in nursing do a search , and look a the results , and you will find plenty of people dedicating time to that as well . 
  the caveat is that people are much less focused on redressing gender balances in occupations that are low paid or high risk . 
  which accounts for your other examples too . 
  despite these resources , recruiting representative amounts of women to cs studies is still proving a near insurmountable challenge , so the amount of extra competition these programs potentially provides is still negligible compared to the massive advantages men have in cs studies to begin with by having chosen an area that about 50 % of potential studies have rejected from the outset . 
   there is thousands of engineers that cant get hired because companies are racing towards gender quotas gender quotas in hiring is illegal pretty much everywhere . 
  in europe it is in violation of the charter of fundamental rights of the european union ( article 21 ) , as well as a violation of the european charter of human rights . 
  for my part , i can truthfully say that through a 20 year career in software development , if any of the companies i worked for had thought about quotas , they 'd have been unable to fill positions . 
  we 've consistently * wanted * more applications from women , but the `` threat '' from women in software development is clearly massive , as in those 20 years i 've gotten two cv 's from women . 
  incidentally , we gave both of them offers , on the merits , and both offers were rejected as they 'd had other offers ... 
  hiring women in tech in any kind of numbers is * hard work * . 
  for that reason , i for one is not threatened ... and given that in som many areas of tech , it is hard to find qualified candidates , i 'm all for anything that brings more people to the field . 
   even if these engineers are more qualified than prospective hirees they arent given a chance due to their gender being wrong . 
  if that 's true , they should document their claims and sue , the way women have had to do for decades ( and only reason they did n't do it before was because they have not had legal protections for long ) , as it would be blatantly illegal . 
   \u00c5f , one of the biggest engineering firms in sweden is currently only hiring female personel in october . 
  that 's a questionable claim . 
  what they have done is a pr stunt , which i think we can still agree is stupid , of only * signing contracts * with women in october . 
  as they say on their facebook page ( link not included as i tried once earlier and links to fb apparently automatically gets the comment deleted here , but it 's easy enough to find with a search ) if you 're qualified , they 'll offer you a job , they just wo n't sign the contract until after october . 
  here 's the relevant comment :  hi benny !, 
  we 're happy to see that the question engages you !, 
  if you apply for a job at \u00c5f in october and your competence and personality matches what we 're looking for , then we will of course sign a contract with you , but after october . 
  the ladies ' month is an initiative and a symbolic gesture to highlight and draw attention to women in a traditionally male-dominated industry with a view to bringing about change . 
  it 's important for \u00c5f to be an attractive employer both now and in the future and getting more women onboard is a prerequisite to continue being an attractive employer and achieve our vision for 2020 , to double the turnover.as a man you can come to interviews , start working at \u00c5f and apply for jobs -- but we only sign new employment contracts with women during ladies ' month in october . 
    according to the swedish discrimination act , it is not discrimination . 
  the law requires active measures to promote gender equality . 
  ladies ' month is an active measure -- maybe radical but active . 
  hope this answer your questions !, 
  / sabina it may still fall afoul of anti-discrimination laws , but chances are it will be considered acceptable assuming they very , very carefully adheres to what they explained here , and ensures that nobody are suffering actual damages from a potential delay in start dates . 
  we 'll only know if someone actually sues . 
  i do n't think this was very well thought through by them , but it 's nowhere near as bad as what was suggested by your statement . 
  are you telling me men are under-represented in cs programs ? 
   nothing that is dedicated to put men to it when i studied cs , apart from the entry level classes which had lots of female biology students etc. 
  that took them to meet requirements of some credits from outside their main field of study , the cs department was 90 % + men . 
  that 's why you do n't seem those kind of programs : they 're generally not needed . 
   artificial uterus will happen at some point it 's not pregnancy that has the biggest effect on women 's careers - most women work far into their pregnancy . 
  the biggest effect is staying home to take care of the baby . 
  and that , incidentally is something society can have an effect on simply by insisting on more paternity leave . 
   how about the people in africa and the middle east stop having so many kids . 
  want that to happen ? 
  get them access to education , healthcare and welfare . 
  all our experience is that this causes birth rates to nosedive . 
  anything else you might try , other than genocide , does n't work very well . 
  the good news is that this * is * happening in most countries , and that even africa is on track to see dropping population numbers in more and more countries and likely continent wide massive drops in birth rates towards the end of the century due to improvements to basic welfare . 
   why do n't you open borders people start pushing for the third world to quit having children you might want to look into the amount of charities involved in family planning . 
  there * is * a lot of effort put into reducing birth rates . 
  but it 's hard to get funding for , as it a lot of conservative religious groups in the west are opposed to it - particularly in the us where getting funding for family planning from us government agencies have been a massive problem with republicans holding the purse-strings . 
  but no matter how well you fund family planning programs : the cheaper option is to actually help them get basic welfare systems and improved education . 
   so they ca n't produce enough food for the exploding population and have to depend on western aid . 
  most developing countries in the world do not have famine problems and are not likely to , and only depend on limited - if any - food aid .
