  adherence to party doctrine was the first of many criteria by which to judge whether or not someone understood the needs of the people , and supported the needs of the people . 
  this was the very basis for the bolshevik 's justification for grabbing power : the party represented the needs and will of the people . 
  so if you disagreed with them , you by definition were an enemy of the people ; someone who would hurt the interests of the people . 
  such people had no merit . 
  this extended to the point where proposing scientific hypotheses that * if right * would be beneficial to the soviet project was more important than proposing hypotheses that actually * were * right , and you got disasters like lysenko who rose up through the ranks because of a shitload of wishful thinking and ideas that were `` ideologically sound '' even though they lacked evidence . 
  opposing them put you at risk of being seen as anti-bolshevik and an enemy of the people . 
  i 'm not saying every meritocratic system will be subject to the exact same flaws . 
  but every meritocratic system has to deal with the issue that `` merit '' is not an objective measure , but depends entirely on who is measuring , and no set of people will agree on it . 
  and that gives the people making the selections immense power , and it is just a question of when you get someone taking advantage of it . 
  the key point of democracy is that it matters more than people are regularly booted out of office than who we select : the point is not to get the perfect guy in , but to ensure that the entire system is set up to get the really bad guys out before they get entrenched . 
   until the people recall you , via democratic means . 
  the early soviets that gave name to the soviet union included right of recall . 
  this was one of the central aspects of marxism that lenin initially still supported . 
  in practice these rights quickly became meaningless because the criteria that made you eligible to stand did not give people a realistic choice , and because in a society where a measure of merit includes whether or not you have a history of demonstrating the right viewpoints , voting to recall someone popular with the elite makes your life miserable . 
   or moreover , what was completely absent in your rant : what about the judiciary ? 
  why would they not act as another safeguard in this system ? 
  because they were appointed by `` merit '' , and this included demonstrating the right viewpoints . 
  the judiciary rather than being a safeguard for the people in this system became a safeguard for the regime by providing a convenient way of proving that someone had no merit ( no better way to prove someone does n't have merit than have them executed as an enemy of the state ) . 
   that all these states were first and foremost drenched in communist doctrine . 
  they were first and foremost `` drenched '' in leninist doctrine . 
  none of them claimed or claim to be communist . 
  china has explicitly politically accepted that it 's economic system even has capitalist character ( it is seen by the party to be a limited climbdown of a character similar to lenin 's new economic policy in order to accelerate growth ) . 
  leninism , importantly bastardised marxism with the idea of the vanguard party , that basically re-adopted saint simon 's original concept of socialism : replacing hereditary rule by a meritocracy . 
  `` communist doctrine '' originated in the idea of a meritocracy . 
  it moved away from it exactly because it was apparent that there could be no general agreement on what had merit . 
  but lenin dismissed that with the concept of a revolutionary vanguard : ordinary workers , he said , did not have the experience or understanding of class struggle , and needed an elite revolutionary group to help bring about the revolution and set society on the right path . 
  this was the bolsheviks justification for disregarding their disastrous election results after the revolutions in spring 1917 , and the justification for the coup that became the october revolution ( which was nothing of the sort : it was a coup against a democratically elected socialist government ; the czarist regime fell in the spring ) , and it idea of a meritocracy was used time and time again to clobber attempts to reassert democratic rights . 
   unless you want to claim that rule by the wise ( and the exclusion of rule by those that are n't able to do so ) again inherently constitutes dictatorship . 
  i claim that rule by * anyone * - wiser or not - without elections is inherently dictatorship . 
  i will grant that there is one way of combining meritocracy with democracy : if the majority of the people consistently supports a meritocracy strongly enough to vote for candidates based on merit . 
  but i believe you will find that most people consider that to be what they are already doing , and that peoples disagreements over whether or not the winning candidate deserves it is an illustration of the inherent problem of a meritocracy . 
   dictatorship is far more than who 's in power , and above all dictatorship in practice refers to rule concentrated in one person . 
  a vast number of dictatorships have been rule by collegiate . 
  even most current dictatorships are not rule concentrated in one person . 
  the current chinese leadership does not have a single allmighty ruler - if xi jinping steps out of line , he 'll `` resign '' very quickly afterwards whether he wants to or not . 
  even the politburo standing committee can have members replaced if they do n't watch their steps . 
  soviet leaders after stalin also were by no means vested with full control . 
  khrushchev was deposed , for example , by brezhnev who technically outranked him . 
  brezhnev was even less autocratic , and consulted with the rest of the leadership on pretty much everything he did . 
  none of the post-stalin soviet leaders held all the top ranking posts alone , and none of them had the power to rule by fiat . 
   who do you think is more competent , the person who knows how to do a heart transplant , or the person who knows how to manage a hospital that does hart transplants ? 
  for the job of health minister neither skillset is particularly relevant . 
  so could be either one . 
  a statistician , or accountant could very well the better choice depending on exactly what your goal is . 
  but what the goal is is subjective : do you want a comprehensive health care system ? 
  do you want the cheapest one that achieves a certain mortality rate ? 
  do you want to expend whatever money necessary to maximize years of life ? 
  these are political questions that depends on opinion that you ca n't select on merit . 
   should n't be too hard . 
  then i 'm sure you could enlighten us with selection criteria that are objective and hard to manipulate . 
  i insert a stalinist anecdote because stalinists ultimately believed in in a vanguard that through merit had a claim to rule and select the best minds to take charge of various areas of society by merit . 
  stalinism is ultimately an example of the kind of horrors a meritocracy can lead to for the simple reason that `` merit '' is not objective outside of very narrow fields , and even then it tends to be infused by politics . 
  even monarchists historically claimed the right to rule on merit : it was god 's will , or similar . 
  how do you get more merit to rule than that ? 
  this is the problem with a meritocracy : whomever gets to decide what has merit has been given the power , and people are easy to deceive even in large numbers ; small sets of people are easier , and also easier to buy or coerce . 
  once you have power to select the `` experts '' you want to be the gatekeepers , you control who gets selected as viable candidates . 
   the people would still choose its leaders , only the leaders that would be ` capable ' to lead would be selected beforehand by experts . 
  so like in the soviet union , or china , or cuba , or ddr , all of which had systems for the people to actually vote to various extents , either in public elections or through the party structures , from a set of candidates that were/are all vetted by `` experts '' . 
   i think you inherently conclude that a meritocratic system must lead to dictatorship no , i inherently conclude that any meritocratic system ** is ** a dictatorship , and that i 'd be willing to take up arms against it because i 've met enough people with sufficiently conflicting , terrifying , ideas of what has merit that i 'd feel safer risking my life in armed conflict than letting such a system take hold . 
  if it 's so easy to dismiss , then why do you feel it is necessary to attack the message and make personal attacks instead of answering the quite simple question i raised : how do you prevent appointments like lysenko ? 
  as long as you ca n't answer that , a meritocracy has no merit . 
  lysenko 's flawed theories were beyond disastrous , yet because he was popular with the people who ultimately selected him to prestigious posts , he received the backing of fellow scientists who feared the outcome of not doing so ( for good reason ) . 
  his work not only stunted agricultural development and contributed to famines in the soviet union , but it also was a major contribution to famines in china . 
  in total , millions of famine deaths in the soviet union and china can be placed at the feet of lysenko . 
  so , once again : like when lysenko was appointed , for example ? 
  how do you suggesting preventing appointments like that from happening ? 
   i think we can turn for science to make sure who is fit to lead . 
  i used to know a stalinist who wanted me sent to labour camps for suggesting that appointing leaders based on scientific criteria was a bad idea . 
  because he was absolutely unwilling to accept that there were any problems with selecting leaders by such criteria , or that it had n't worked in the soviet union . 
  never mind disasters like lysenko . 
  he was smiling as he told me how it was for the best of the people to put dangerous people like me in prison for suggesting that people should be able to decide for themselves who should be in charge . 
  it belongs to the story that i 'm a marxist - i 'm all for a socialist revolution . 
  but if the choice was his form of government or current forms of government , i 'd take up arms to protect current forms any day , because that kind of rule is still vastly more reactionary than what we have today . 
  i 've harped on this elsewhere : so similar to dictatorships like china or the soviet union , in other words ? 
  edit : yeah , it * is * a lot easier to just downvote than to actually explain how what you suggest is different ... 
  a government that is not of the will of the people , is a dictatorship , no matter the specifics of how the rulers are appointed . 
  historically , the term even comes from someone who was appointed based on perceived merit : roman dictators were appointed by the legislative during times of crisis based on who they thought were best placed to handle the situation ( incidentally , this is how hitler came to power too : appointed by the reichstag specifically to deal with a perceived crisis with a mandate that it was promised would be short-lived ) in modern times , examples of ostensible meritocracies include the soviet union and china . 
  in both places the leaders are/were appointed on paper based on merit , and shows how corrupt such appointments easily become . 
  both of these regimes also appoint/appointed people to other posts based on perceived merit - i 've pointed elsewhere to the particularly bad example of lysenko . 
  the modern idea of a meritocracy is actually the origin of socialism . 
  saint simon - a french aristocrat - started advocating a meritocratic system . 
  it was quickly eclipsed by far more radical proposals that involved elections , even for the control of capital , based on the observation that otherwise you are just replacing one dictator with another , because `` merit '' is subjective and based on your own interests . 
  it resurfaced within socialism in the form of leninism , where a central idea is that of a vanguard party to represents the interests of common people , who basically assumed implicitly to know best , and to appoint the best suited people . 
  to the point where when they got ~ 10 % of the vote in elections in november 1917 , they staged a coup ( the october revolution took place in november by our current calendar - in 1917 russia had still not moved away from the julian calendar ) , and mao adopted much of the same approach . 
  i did visit beijing in 2007 , though , and got to experience the smog . 
  i live in london , where spending the day in zone 1 still gives me black gunk in my snot , and i still have seen nothing like the beijing smog . 
  consider this : this was a central thesis behind how the bolsheviks supposedly picked the leadership for the soviet union . 
  except in reality this meant that people whose pet theories sounded most plausible to the people most willing to abuse power got to have dramatic , long lasting effects . 
  one of the famous results being that [ idiots like lysenko ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trofim_lysenko ) were able to drastically damage soviet agriculture because he got the ear of stalin , who went as far as formally outlawing going against lysenko 's bullshit excuse for scientific theories . 
  how do you prevent this ? 
  edit : downvoting is n't a very good answer . 
  so i 'm going to assume that you have no idea how to prevent disastrous appointments like lysenko . 
   in a meritocracy , an incompetent person that wants power only has to deceive a small number of people . 
  to underline this : hitler deceived roughly 1/3 of the german population in elections . 
  people often remember that hitler got lots of electoral support , but if that was all , he 'd have never gotten close to ruling germany . 
  in fact , there were signs that nsdap support was waning throughout 1933 . 
  he 'd have been able to get through some nasty policies , face losing electoral support , and struggle on for decades . 
  what gave him dictatorial powers , then , was to deceive just a * handful * people in important positions : he tricked , lied and bullied his way into getting the support of the leaders of the other right-wing parties to support his government and vote his way in a single crucial vote to hand him sufficient powers to turn around and fuck them over thoroughly . 
  china is undergoing a serious crisis while still growing faster than us or any european country . 
  many people would celebrate having a `` crisis '' like that .
