  i did n't find it acceptable to have the government train me to kill and expect to have a right to order me to , however unlikely . 
  it 's a bit of a family tradition . 
  the easy way out in norway at the time ( it 's even easier now ) was to claim you are against the proliferation of nuclear weapons , and so could n't serve because of norway 's involvement with nuclear powers via nato , in which case you 'd get an immediate transfer to a civil alternative . 
  but i refused that as i saw it as part punishment ( civil service is/was longer ) , part provided as a way to get rid of troublemakers , as it was starting to get embarrassing for norway to have various dictators bring up amnesty international reports about political prisoners in norway , so they created a cop-out for people who cared enough to figure it out , while keeping it obscure enough that most people would just go along with it . 
  so i explicitly made sure to give a reason that would not validly give me a transfer , and i did originally intend to ultimately take the prison sentence ( 3-4 months in a low security norwegian prison would have been the norm ) , but then work meant i ended up moving to the uk before they managed to successfully draft me ( i did n't do much to avoid it , just ignored all mail from the military and ensured i did n't get any phone calls from them etc. ), 
  good luck with that . 
  i 'm norwegian , and norway has conscription too - i kept avoiding it until 2000 when i was about to move to london . 
  right while we were getting ready , military police started calling my employer asking when they could get hold of me - the reason is that i 'd just ignored previous notices , and they needed to be able to hand it to me in person to prove i 'd received it , so that if i ignored again they could drag me to court ... ( 3-4 months in prison for it in norway , though very few cases these days ) i finally took their phone call the day i arrived in the uk , and gleefully told them to fuck off . 
  i visit regularly , though - like the other people suggest for you , in norway too it 's just a risk if i stay long enough to have to register as permanently resident . 
  in norway they can theoretically still do it until age 47 ( in practice that does n't happen ), 
  it 's an interesting question . 
  norway does have land holdings on the other part of the world : bouvet island , and ( contested ) queen maud land ( antartica ) and peter i island , though they are all considered dependent territories rather than parts of norway proper . 
  the closest we have that are part of the kingdom of norway is svalbard and jan mayen , and i see some do n't consider svalbard part of scandinavia . 
  then again svalbard is still a special case - it has all kinds of legal exceptions , is covered by an international treaty , and is unincorporated ( unlike all of the rest of norway proper ) , as well as being further away from the scandinavian peninsula than large parts of finland ... 
  in any case it 's fairly academic - * if * finland ever had a claim to being part of scandinavia , it was at most * only * while being part of sweden . 
  but these terms are always going to be confusing . 
  if using the term nordics , finland is certainly included , but then you get the question of the baltics , which have observer status in the nordic council . 
  estonia in particular have in the past lobbied for full membership and there are regularly people from the baltics that want to be considered part of the nordic countries . 
   though i would go on even further by retracting that finland was ever part scandinavia indirectly or not . 
  would you not agree ? 
  no , because scandinavia is a set of countries : sweden , denmark , norway . 
  being part of either country would make you indirectly part of scandinavia . 
  the scandinavian peninsula on the other hand is a geographically delineated concept , and finland at best has claim to a tiny little sliver of it , depending on how you draw the borders . 
   another clearer example of what i mean ( though perhaps slightly exaggerated ) would be that of the british indian ocean territories . 
  they belong to britain , but they do not belong the british isles directly or indirectly the equivalent of the british isles in this example is the scandinavian peninsula , not scandinavia . 
  otherwise denmark would not be part of scandinavia either . 
   based on the definitions you borrow below , denmark would n't be part of scandinavia : you missed this part of the comment you replied to :  all three countries at some point or other have been partially part of the scandinavian peninsula . 
  the point is that while denmark does not own part of the scandinavian peninsula now , it did . 
  until the treaty of roskilde , denmark owned scania ( sk\u00e5ne ) - the region of southern sweden that is the source of the name scandinavia . 
  it 's worth mentioning also , that these reasons for defining scandinavia as sweden/denmark/norway were explicitly created to match sweden/denmark/norway as part of a political movement - they did not just naturally come into use , so yes , they may be contrived . 
   and the fact that finland belonged to sweden at one point in history does not mean that finland ever belonged to scandinavia . 
  i agree . 
  i made exactly that point . 
  interesting . 
  here are two alternative descriptions : [ world atlas ] ( http://www.worldatlas.com/aatlas/infopage/scanpen.htm ) :  the scandinavian peninsula of northern europe includes the countries of norway and sweden . 
  some sources include the small finland projection of land ( marked with an arrow ) that separates norway from sweden within the peninsula 's landmass number , and so do we . 
  [ encyclopedia britannica ] ( http://www.britannica.com/place/scandinavian-peninsula ) :  scandinavian peninsula , large promontory of northern europe , occupied by norway and sweden . 
  in any case , historically the name scandinavia comes from scania/sk \u00e5ne , and scandinavia is a modern invention ( both the region and the naming of the peninsula ) largely for political purposes , so expect imprecision , confusion and disagreement all around about exact borders . 
  both literally and figuratively , yes . 
  unless drunk and/or in a sauna . 
  scandinavia is denmark , sweden and norway because all three countries at some point or other have been partially part of the scandinavian peninsula . 
  finland has not . 
  a lot of people mess that up , but finland has only ever been part of scandinavia indirectly while ruled by sweden . 
   if standing next to someone can be called social interaction ; what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  this is finns we 're talking about . 
  they have a reputation to uphold . 
  i was n't taking it literally . 
  i was pointing out that their economy is large enough that it only needs to double once to start beating european countries . 
  and at current growth rates , it will only take about 10-12 years for it to double . 
  even with the weakest european countries continuing to grow , nigeria is likely to start beating some of them within 20 years . 
  they doubled in the last 30 years too , and yet gdp per capita in the same period skyrocketed , and most of that growth is coming in sectors like manufacturing , telecoms , banking and it 's film industry ( `` nollywood '' is a large exporter of film to the rest of africa and asia ) . 
  * all * exports from nigeria accounts for less than 20 % of gdp , and a substantial and growing proportion of that is manufactured products that would not be negatively affected by dropping natural resource prices . 
  nigerias population growth also means that the country has long since adapted to being largely dependent on importing food , so a drought in nigeria would be less and less of an issue as its economy has improved . 
   a cow gives birth and their growth doubles . 
  that must be one valuable cow , as if their gdp per capita doubled , it 'd overtake several european countries . 
  in gdp per capita . 
   yet you still get an enormous flow of people over the border . 
  there 's no sign of that abating . 
  [ really ? 
  ] ( http://www.pewhispanic.org/2012/04/23/net-migration-from-mexico-falls-to-zero-and-perhaps-less/ ) yes , you still have immigration , but mexico does not add substantially to the us immigrant population . 
  this is in line with what you 'd expect : there are parts of mexico that are violence ridden hellholes that people * do * want to get the hell out of , and there are parts of mexico doing quite well . 
   the handful of people who move to poorer countries will be a drop in the ocean compared to the people moving from poor countries to rich ones . 
  in the world as a whole , yes , but this discussion was not about the world as a whole , but about west africa . 
   only if current growth rates continue , and that 's one very big `` if '' . 
  of course it 's a big if , but it 's the only data we have . 
  and when the data we have indicates that west africa is doing quite well , it was odd to see it dragged out as an example of an area likely to become a big problem . 
  possibly , but here 's the thing : once very basic needs are met , such as basic housing and food - which * are * met for the majority of people in west africa - , net change in circumstances is a more important predictor of satisfaction and happiness than absolute wealth . 
  and people generally rarely emigrate when they 're happy , fed , and has somewhere to sleep even if they 're poor in absolute terms . 
  some do , of course , but most do n't . 
  on the contrary , people will often go * back * to poor countries when the growth rate is good . 
  my ex is nigerian , and she keeps complaining that more and more of her friends keeps moving back to nigeria ( from the uk ) because they 've seen the growth taking place , for example . 
  in any case , nigeria is well placed to start overtaking some of the poorest european countries in the next two decades at current growth rates . 
  the point being that these states are not big sources of refugees to europe today , and their economies are growing far faster than europe . 
  nigeria , which is both the biggest ( in terms of both population and economy ) of the west african countries currently sees a slight net emigration , but it 's very low and they 've also had net immigration many years . 
  while there 's always the chance of a major civil war changing things overnight , * currently * there 's no big reason to assume there 'll be some sudden huge exodus of people from west africa . 
  heck , even * during * the liberian civil wars , which were some of worst in africa , most refugees remained in west africa , in neighbouring countries which took well over a million refugees . 
  the future is hard to predict , but west africa seemed like an odd region to drag out . 
  north africa and east africa both would seem like far more likely candidates to produce large refugee streams . 
  of the countries in west africa , all but two ( liberia , with ca . 
  4.5 m people , recovering from civil war ; and cape verde , which is tiny ) are amongst the fastest growing economies in the world , with growth rates far in excess of most of europe . 
  some examples : * cote d'ivoire : 6th fastest growing economy in the world * sierra leone : 10th fastest * gambia : 11th ( shared with china ) * nigeria : 16th fastest ( also makes up a majority of the population of west africa all by itself , with 182m ) * burkina faso : 20th ( for comparison : china is 11th ; germany 150th ; france 178th ; uk 93rd ) granted , they 're starting from small bases . 
  that was pretty much * exactly * how hitler got to power : he convinced the other right wing parties to vote with him to give him additional powers that were supposed to be time limited , for him to use resolve a number of immediate problems , and then as the good little democrat he claimed to be he 'd hand the powers right back . 
  that worked out well for everyone . 
   most of the people here still think that front national is a `` fascist '' , `` racist '' party . 
  i 'm french , everyday this party is treated like that in the medias ( paper and tv ) without any proof of that . 
  people say that because many of us are old enough to have seen the footage of - or witnessed in person - when fn marched through paris and other cities aiming to disrupt may 1st demonstrations while wearing nazi-style armbands in the early 90 's , and remember their agitation , and while it 's clear they have worked to shed that image , many people are not quite ready to accept that they 've reformed quite that much . 
  i was in paris may 1st '93 myself , and saw the fn marches first hand and frankly it was terrifyingly disgusting to witness . 
  how are you going to return them to a port of origin in a legal way ? 
  are you expecting turkey to welcome them with open arms ? 
  papers are still published , but most news sources have plenty of `` fluff '' like human interest pieces , as well as pieces that are not particularly time sensitive . 
  filling a newspaper etc. 
  even while there 's a skeleton staff to handle the most important stories does n't mean they have the capacity to go after everything . 
   there 's plenty of other international news services that one would assume could cover the incident . 
  why ? 
  until more police reports had arrived it was not particularly noteworthy . 
  frankly , in terms of international news it is still in the `` one sentence mention '' importance level . 
   but prohibiting a child from attending education because of the choices of their parents is just wrong kindergarten = = nursery . 
  it is not education . 
   particularly when the anti-vacs are in such a minority that they are not realistically more at risk . 
  are they ?
