  i 'm not saying they wo n't face tough readjustments , nor am i supporting their system , but in terms of economy they 've still pulled off some incredible feats . 
  but so have many other dictators done - it 's amazing what you can do when you do n't have to give much consideration to individual suffering . 
  a meritocracy without elections is still a dictatorship . 
  and dictators are only good for target practice . 
  personally , if anyone like that was dictator , i 'd pick up arms to fight them . 
  and this is the biggest problem : no matter who you pick , if there 's no prospect of voting them out , someone will pick up arms to fight them sooner or later . 
  personally , my threshold for considering armed rebellion against a dictator would be * very * low . 
  the foremost problem with a meritocracy is that we do n't agree what is best for people . 
  most dictators do n't set out to be evil , and many of the worst dictators through history has explicitly set out at least initially with the goal of doing good , and will look good to a lot of people . 
  heck , many dictators that are widely reviled * did * do lots of good stuff too . 
  saddam hussein started his career in politics ( after participating in a coup , mind you ) as an effective reformer that built the iraqi education and health systems to some of the best on the region , and did lots of good for the iraqi economy , for example . 
  he presented himself , and probably believed it , as doing what the nation needed . 
  even when later murdering dissidents and throwing iraq into wars . 
  but if you looked at husseins * early * record before he got enough power to do as he pleased , and were to judge based on merit , he might have looked like a good candidate . 
  even with the coup - it was against a dictator ; an unelected stooge of britain and the us that was widely reviled . 
  his bad sides were first truly exposed once he had spent a long time consolidating his power and it was too late for anyone to oppose him . 
  this is the problem with creating a system where the transfer of power and the support of that system of transfer of power is not deeply ingrained throughout society : you need the idea of someone not going peacefully after a few years to be so jarring , shocking , and offensive that even an initially good leader that suddenly decides they 'd like to hold on to the reigns will just get laughed at and brushed aside , without anyone consider it a serious option . 
  because the moment it is a serious option , it becomes just a matter of time before someone takes advantage . 
   the soviets where only arguably communist , they claimed they where and enacted some communist sounding ideas but fundamentally they where just a very oppressive extremist socialist totalitarian regime . 
  just to add to this : most people have heard about the october revolution . 
  which is a * remarkable * feat of `` branding '' . 
  because the actual revolution happened in spring . 
  the czar abdicated . 
  a new preliminary government was * elected * , where sr ( socialist revolutionaries ) and the mensheviks ( `` left communists '' that believed russia needed to further develop as a capitalist/bourgeoise society before a socialist revolution could happen - in line with marx ' theories ) and other smaller socialist groups together formed a workable majority , and kerensky , a liberal socialist , took over from lvov . 
  in elections later in the year , the bolsheviks got only about 10 % , decided this could n't possibly represent the will of the people ( because people did n't vote for them in much larger numbers ) , declared that the soviets - organized predominantly by the bolsheviks themselves , and thus dominated by them , - were the legitimate sources of power , and wrested control away from the democratically elected * socialist and communist dominated government * in a coup . 
  then they systematically started alienating , arresting and/or murdering their opposition , which included pretty much * everyone * including the * vast majority * of communist politicians and ideologists in russia who opposed them . 
  the point being of course that you can have libertarian and authoritarian groups on opposing sides of a conflict that both claim to represent the same ideology ... 
  i 'm a marxist , and i find the thought of police visiting people for statements like in the example absolutely abhorrent . 
   i 'm scared of the hidden terrorists in the migrant population . 
  even if the number of terrorist victims increases by an order of magnitude , terror would n't be likely to even make the top 100 list of causes of death . 
  so far in europe you are far more likely to get killed by lightning than by a terrorist , for example . 
  does n't mean the risks should be ignored , but neither is there any reason to play them up . 
   far lefties hate liberals the term `` libertarian '' was coined by a french anarcho-communist , and was frequently used by founder of the socialist league , that counted friedrich engels and eleanor marx amongst their supporters . 
  right wing libertarianism was first invented about a century later . 
  libertarianism is generally considered a subset of liberalism . 
  the first international split over the conflicts between the liberal socialists , communists and anarchists that wanted to dismantle the state rapidly , and those willing to use the state apparatus . 
  yet new libertarian socialist factions rapidly arose again in the international after the liberals left . 
  lenin was so incensed over the liberal communists , that he wrote a screed called `` left communism : an infantile disorder '' specifically denouncing liberal and libertarian communists . 
  the socialist and communist groups that actually got widespread support after the revolution in spring 1917 in russia were all liberal , and for that they ended up being hunted down and arrested or killed in the years after the bolsheviks coup . 
  you know of the collectivists today because they 're the ones that were willing to use violence and military style discipline to get what they wanted , while the liberal socialist and communist groups were caught off guard by the bolshevik coup . 
  internationally many of the liberal left wing groups were pushed into obscurity , harassed , assassinated in many cases ( stalin sent komintern agents to `` help '' the left in the spanish civil war , for example , but at the same time he wanted franco contained , not beaten , and so his agents were murdering socialists and communists that were opposed to stalin all over the place ) until most of the liberal revolutionary groups left were small fringe groups . 
  that 's because it is n't a direct requirement . 
  membership in the council of europe , on the other hand , is a requirement . 
  and membership in the council of europe does require participation in the echr . 
  so the requirement is indirect . 
  ( note : do n't confuse coe with the european council ; the coe is not a eu organ - and even russia is a member ), 
   but as a lot of eu countries are looking to change dublin iii into something else that will probably feature relocating them it wo n't necessarily be around to participate in at that time nor forever . 
  tha 's what i was referring to . 
  except of course it 's not a eu law , and not a law where the highest court of appeal is an eu court . 
   saying every person who lives in `` self made intolerable conditions '' deserves refuge in gb is insane . 
  which is why nobody has said that , and certainly not this court . 
   there is no such right as `` being able to live near your family '' , ok ? 
  the european convention on human rights grants a right to family life . 
  a british court has just found that this in some cases does give the right to being able to live near your family . 
  of course you are free to disagree with the court , but unless overturned on appeal , it does appear that in the uk you have that right in some circumstances . 
   but we do n't organize our laws around `` likes and dislikes '' , but around what will work best for citizens . 
  which is the reason the right to a family life was written into the echr . 
  while i realise i am pretty much calling down godwin : the parliament/reichstag was the control for the weimar republic too . 
  it voted to hand hitler dictatorial powers , despite the nsdap holding a minority of votes and depended on a number of other parties votes to give hitler his powers . 
  unlike most other countries today , the uk is one of very few countries where parliament has the legal power to do something similar . 
  in other words : elected representatives have a history of doing fucked up shit that they should not be allowed to do . 
  while it seems exceedingly unlikely that something like that would happen again , nobody thought it would happen in the first place , and nobody thought those powers would be abused the way they were , which is how they managed to convince the other parties , who mostly actively disliked the nsdap ( but disliked the left wing parties even more ) . 
   parliament 's sovereignty is taken directly from the mandate it is given by the people , it can not therefore be abused because if it is , they have already lost the mandate . 
  the current majority in parliament does not have the support of a majority of the people . 
  it only has a mandate under a broken electoral system that effectively disenfranchises large parts of the population . 
  want to make sure to set a good example for russia etc. 
  i see . 
  indirectly . 
  eu membership requires membership of the council of europe , and membership of the council of europe requires being part of the echr, 
  does n't help if the countries you try to deport people to are now longer part of the agreement that requires them to accept said people in . 
  you can try to deport them , and watch them get stopped as they try to enter the schengen area without a valid visa . 
   no legal basis for deporting asylum seekers back to other eu countries . 
  i 'm looking forward to using this line to people who want the uk to leave the eu for anti-immigration reasons and watch their heads explode . 
  ( yes , i realise there 'd be various tradeoffs in how many might be allowed in ; does n't mean it wo n't be fun watching them try to process that little bit ), 
  this is by design , exactly because as successive british governments have shows , national governments are very eager to try to stamp all over human rights if they 're allowed to . 
  in the case of the uk , uk constitutional principles explicitly enshrine the sovereignty of parliament : parliament can at any point decide to alter the law to specifically override the echr ( though doing so would put uk membership in council of europe , and by extension of the eu , at risk ) . 
  the echr is indirectly a binding part of eu treaties , as membership of the council of europe ( not to be confused by the european council ) is required of all eu members , and membership of council of europe includes accepting the echr . 
  even russia is a member of coe - leaving it would leave the uk a pariah in europe . 
  it 's much easier now , i believe . 
  it was n't easier then to get off the hook * before * moving . 
  afterwards it was a formality , though they kept writing demanding that i applied for permission and atached evidence of residency ( ! ) . 
  i ended up telling them something along the lines of `` you wrote to me on my uk address , and i 'm answering that letter , proving i got it , so fuck off '' . 
  i have n't heard from them since . 
  it also probably would have been easier if i had n't specifically made a nuisance of myself , and this was the second or third time they i 'd tried drafting me ( the previous times just did n't show up , and got an angry letter a few months later , and was put back in the pool ) . 
  basically they want you to give * them * control over whether or not they allow you to avoid service . 
  and that was explicitly what i was objecting to . 
  it 's kinda funny in norway because they make very little effort at hauling you in . 
  basically police find it a waste of resources , and military police have basically no rights until you 've been enrolled . 
  so they 'll use military police to hand over the draft notices to ensure they have witnesses ( courts have long refused to accept that it 's enough to mail them , and anyone who cares enough to do this know better than to sign for recorded delivery around the times the notices go out ) . 
  but then when it 's time to show up they ca n't do much more than call and occasionally try to convince police to show up on your doorstep . 
  so then they 'd charge you afterwards instead . 
  but these days they very rarely do - only about 40 % of eligible men are enlisted anyway , because the military does n't need more , so it 's only very occasionally to make an example if someone tries very hard to make them pay special attention ( like when i wrote a letter pointing out that i would on principle refuse to obey orders without considering on a case by case basis whether it 'd be more moral for me to obey or to shoot superior officers in the back - that kind of thing ... ) i must admit i took some pleasure in being a nuisance too . 
  i was called in for a police interview for the above , because the department of justice somehow inexplicably had decided that since their rules had nothing in them for letters like mine ( where i demanded to released from any and all service ) , they would treat it as an application for civil service ( despite my letter explicitly stating that i would refuse that too ) . 
  so i spent several hours being interviewed by a police officer i hope was dyslexic ( there 's no other reasonable excuse for an adult to spell that badly ) and giving her really obnoxious answers ( e.g. 
  despite my letter clearly stating that in certain situations i would be prepared to shoot superior officers , she dutifully followed her script which asked me questions to determine that i was not a pacifist , as being a pacifist is a valid reason for refusing conscription and one that they * really * do n't like , so i answered things like `` sure , in hypothetical case x i 'd happily shoot the person in the face '' and similar ) . 
  then the morons sued me , stating that they wanted the court to declare based on my interview that their refusal of my `` application for civil service '' was valid . 
  so i wrote the court a letter and pointed out that anyone with any kind of reading comprehension could see that i specifically had not applied for civil service , but in fact refused civil service categorically . 
  i was as rude as i could about them while sticking to the facts . 
  the judge dismissed the case without even holding a hearing :d frustrating bureaucrats is fun . 
  the principle of it .
