  chance of it having any real effect on most people once you 're gotten past a schengen border control with whatever id is very small . 
  `` pretty much anywhere within the eu '' is part of schengen . 
  there are only a few exceptions , and as i noted there are also additional arrangements in place ( e.g. 
  the uk is not schengen , but recognises the romanian id card ) , and romania happens to be one of the countries in the world with fewest entry-restrictions to other countries . 
  the point is not everyone can just assume . 
  only within schengen ( which includes those * eea * , not just eu , countries other than those eu countries that have opt-outs - ireland and the uk - and those who have not yet joined but are obliged to ) unless there are special arrangements . 
  even within schengen it is worth keeping in mind that only * approved ids * can be used , and which ids are approved vary by issuing country . 
  norway is a schengen member , but the only id issued by norwegian authorities which is valid for schengen id purposes is a norwegian passport ( while norway will accept id-cards from those schengen countries which issue ids that are valid for schengen travel ) , with the exception that passport free travel is allowed within scandinavia under a separate arrangement . 
   the empire went away before most of us were born . 
  it went into decline , sure , but `` went away '' before most of us were born ? 
  no , it did n't , unless possibly if you are talking about the population of reddit rather than the population of the uk . 
  zimbabwe - the uk 's last african colony - did n't get independence until 1980 . 
  new hebrides ( vanuatu ) and belize in 1981 . 
  the majority of the currently living uk population was alive while the last part of the empire was still being dismantled . 
  i agree these people probably do n't go around thinking about it on a day to day basis , but then again most people do n't go around thinking about their nationality on a day to day basis either . 
   it 's actually quite hard to conceptualise if you 're not a parliamentarian , also . 
  but that is exactly part of the point - people * do n't * conceptualise these things , but rather it is fuelled by emotion . 
  they can just start pretending to be a real news agency , and they 'll be fine . 
  reagan held up his public appearances until well after he likely was quite severely affected by alzheimers . 
  his son has claimed he saw signs by 1984 , and [ lesley stahl has given a quite chilling account of his behaviour in 1986 ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2011/01/reagan-alzheimers-family-feud-lesley-stahl ) . 
  yet he still held speaches and tv interviews where everything looked fine until years after that . 
  the reality is that alzheimers is often easy to hide . 
  i 've seen that first hand with both my grandmothers , who both managed to conceal their alzheimers for many years - one out of a strong fear of hospitals and doctors , and one because she was worried about being put in a nursing home . 
  both eventually broke down because things got too much , but it was clear in retrospect they 'd been affected for years . 
  alzheimers patients can often `` pull together '' and remain clear for extended periods of time , or developing coping habits such as writing things down or having people around them to `` act as their memory '' . 
  especially with people around them that are likely to work hard to accommodate their needs . 
  note that this of course does not mean he has alzheimers . 
  just that we ca n't tell if someone does not have it just from the fact that they appear to be lucid in public appearances . 
  the point is not that there are no differences in growth rates - clearly there are . 
  but those tends to persist across governments with widely different outlooks . 
  look at the us numbers - you ca n't tell when the administrations change , for example . 
  the point is that the * rate of change in growth * for the most part follows largescale economic change on a supranational level rather than small scale domestic changes . 
  in other words : what 's interesting to look at is the derivative of the growth rate function , not the growth rate itself . 
  in the case of france vs. uk , the two continued to follow roughly the same relative rates of growth through france 's drastic legal change on working hours , for example . 
  and the us change in growth with the creation of nafta is barely noticeable . 
  the uk 's trajectory change on joining what is now the eu was equaly minor ( let 's hope that remains the case for brexit too ) . 
  what it tells us is not that domestic policy has * no * impact , because that 'd clearly be nonsense , but that it has far less immediate impact than people often like to think . 
  ( edit : part of the reason for this is likely simply that most administrations never make changes that are * actually * very large . 
  they may seem large , and feel large to people observing then and there , but they 're mostly like pissing in the ocean ; if you look for * actual * large changes , you need to look for things like wars ( on your own territory ) or revolutions - if you nationalise everything , or privatise everything , sure , that is a domestic change that * will * have a noticeable effect ) we can not conclude that it does n't have immediate impact in specific areas , because that 'd equally be nonsense . 
  it is also very possible that it does have long term impact , but we can not immediately say that e.g. 
  government policy is what causes the differences in overall salary growth between the uk and us for example , because finding a causal link between changes in the * rate of growth * between those growth rates and government policy * changes * turns out to be very hard . 
  what we can say with some confidence is that the kind of low level fiddling with tax rates and rules that politicians tends to engage in most of the time at most might contribute to a long term cumulative effect and that we for the most part can say very little about the effects of individual changes . 
  outside of economy we can often measure far more direct effects of policy change , but that is because e.g. 
  when it comes to things like policing , things like sentencing rules and laws have a much more direct impact , whereas when it comes to economy you 're basically trying to steer a ship through a hurricane - you can hope to affect the course , but your control is severely limited . 
  which makes it particularly ridiculous when politicians get rated for or tries to take credit for large scale economic changes unless they 've done something * very * drastic ... 
  which is i why i cited two different answers that show that people * both * answer that they are proud of it * and * that they wish the uk still had an empire , and why i never claimed anything about a majority . 
  there is still a surprising amount of apologism for the british empire in the uk . 
  in a survey a couple of years back , [ yougov found 44 per cent were proud of britain 's history of colonialism while only 21 per cent regretted that it happened . 
  23 per cent held neither view . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/british-people-are-proud-of-colonialism-and-the-british-empire-poll-finds-a6821206.html ) [ the same survey also found about a third of brits wish the uk still had an empire ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2014/07/26/britain-proud-its-empire/ ), 
  the very core of democracy is the freedom to keep fighting to change the things we do n't agree with . 
  if you go to google and enter `` uk gdp per capita '' you get some nice graphs that map the uk vs. a few other countries . 
  the fascinating thing is that for developed countries , the graphs tends to line up surprisingly closely . 
  uk and france moves mostly the same ... 
  largely irrespective of domestic changes . 
  basically , it appears domestic policies for the most part has very little impact . 
  so i 'd hazard a guess that the government of the day has substantially less impact on the economy than we like to think . 
  i think the election in the gambia was a very promising demonstration that they are now taking this seriously - on the downside jammeh tried to hold on to power after losing the election . 
  on the upside , the result of his attempt was that several ecowas countries promptly sent military forces into the country to ensure the legally elected president could take office . 
  and even better : jammeh went peacefully rather than pull any stupid last ditch stunts . 
  it 's hard to imagine a similarly successful * peaceful * intervention in africa in favour of dmocracy a decade or two ago . 
  of course the gambia is a small country , but it seems the regional groups are increasingly willing to step up to at least nudge things in the right direction . 
  geographically it was big , but in terms of population it peaked at around 290 million . 
   less ambitious projects like the african union . 
  the african union might be less integrated now , but the scale of the project is if anything much bigger . 
  the starting point was crazily bad , with tons of wars and dictators . 
  more countries . 
  larger population . 
  whether it will succeed at getting to eu level integration remains to be seen , though . 
  norway has similar complexity , but solves it by having a number of different party lists . 
  you pick the one you want , make any amendments you want ( norway has an insanely complicated system with party lists + person votes that lets you influence the order in which candidates are picked from the party lists ) and put the list in the provided envelope . 
  avoids the ballot growing to ridiculous size . 
  i vote we start doing that in english . 
  it 'll drive the brits to unconditionally surrender everything in the brexit negotiations just to make us stop - they ca n't handle accents . 
  i 'd be fine with electronic voting provided it works like this : 1 . you make your choice . 
  2 . it * prints a receipt * . 
  you confirm the vote after checking that the receipt matches what is on the screen . 
  you drop the receipt in a ballot box . 
  there is * compulsory * counting of a statistically significant random subset of ballot boxes . 
  anyone can demand a count of any given ballot box . 
  clear rules for what level of discrepancy between electronic results and paper count is allowed before a nationwide count of the paper receipts is legally required . 
  the point being that the security of ballot boxes is generally a solved problem : fraud still happens , but in general it is blatantly obvious to the observers when it does , and so large scale fraud generally happens in regimes where they get away with through threats of violence , not by fooling anyone . 
  the only real purpose served by electronic voting is to cut down on the cost and time involved in counting paper ballots . 
  you can get the time reduction by doing both , and you can cut down on the costs substantially by counting a random subset , but keeping the paper ballots and providing legal means to ensure they are counting if the results are odd would provide the necessary safety mechanisms . 
  democracy is too important to skimp on the handling of ballots . 
  i ca n't see how , as the point is it must be * impossible * for you to prove to a third party how you voted . 
  the point is that the mechanisms for verifying your vote needs to rely on information you know but ca n't prove , or you can sell your vote or be coerced to vote a certain way . 
  how many european countries do you think are anywhere close to self-sufficient ? 
  this was a barrier 100-200 years ago , and that 's about the last time most of them were close to self-sufficient . 
  most were n't even then ( norwegian primary school students still has to suffer through the epic poem `` terje vigen '' set during the years of starvation caused by the british naval blockade against denmark-norway during the napoleonic wars ) . 
  lack of self-sufficiency has not been a barrier to nation-hood since before most modern nations were born . 
  esta replaces the older visa waiver system and the i-94w forms ( the one that asked you if you 've committed genocide or intend to traffic drugs ) , not visas . 
  everyone outside the visa waiver programme still need to get regular visas . 
  my twitterbots takes offence at being compared to trump . 
  at this point i feel kinda like i 've let my family down since erdogan has n't called me a nazi or fascist yet . 
  time to go write an offensive poem about him or something . 
  well , maybe the nazis made the trains run on time . 
  the nsb sure does n't . 
  if the french elections go the wrong way , at least they have a history of disposing of autocratic leaders quite satisfying ways when they go to far . 
  ... in which case there is the ethical issue of how to protect the interests of the * child * , which is a separate party to this process from those signing the contract , with separate interests .
