  as a consolation , that 's true for the vast majority of us , regardless of belief or lack of belief . 
  for most religions , by definition everyone else is wrong . 
  which means the vast majority of the worlds population have chosen a religion or non-belief that gets it wrong . 
  it 's just incredibly unlikely that almost everyone will come to the same wrong decision as their parents if they are deciding by careful consideration of unbiased information . 
  the only logical conclusion is that most of us do not carefully weigh the options , but stick with what our parents and surrounding environment keeps on reinforcing . 
  we ca n't change that , but we can ensure schools do less to reinforce it . 
  he 's right that it is mandatory . 
  it is a legal requirement , but the government has long acknowledged that 1 ) many schools do n't actually follow the law on this , largely because it no longer has much support amongst parents , and 2 ) `` worship '' is not actually defined in the law . 
  from [ collective worship in schools ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/281929/collective_worship_in_schools.pdf ) - a guidance document from department of education :  worship ' is not defined in the legislation and in the absence of any such  definition it should be taken to have its natural and ordinary meaning . 
  that  is , it must in some sense reflect something special or separate from  ordinary school activities and it should be concerned with reverence or  veneration paid to a divine being or power . 
  however , worship in schools  will necessarily be of a different character from worship amongst a group  with beliefs in common . 
  the legislation reflects this difference in referring  to ` collective worship ' rather than ` corporate worship ' . 
  schools can pretty much get away with something extremely vague , like just having e.g. 
  five minutes ` quiet time ' where the kids are asked to silently reflect on something , like what they are grateful for . 
  also note that a recent report ( 2015 ) by dame butler-sloss recommended to largely scrape these requirements and drastically tone down religious content in schools in general . 
  i do n't know if that 's been acted on formally yet , but its very clear that outside of faith schools pretty much nobody have any appetite to enforce these requirements any more, 
  my sons academy certainly does not , and they 've so far been extremely good about ensuring there 's minimal indoctrination . 
  when they first started talking about religions , they started telling the kids about hindu deities first . 
  nothing kills western kids beliefs in the infallibility of religions than having cartoonish versions of shiva and ganesh introduced as their first introduction to religion at school . 
  edit : see my other comment on this - i 'm aware it 's technically a requirement , but many schools do n't do this , or `` work around '' it by having some form of collective period of reflection etc. 
  that 's devoid of actual secterian/religious worship . 
  i 'm pretty certain my son can tell you more about greek and roman gods , because they appear in his video games , than about christianity . 
  teaching people `` this is the one true view '' vs. `` here is what some people believe '' . 
  that was the point - the cdu is firmly right wing , yet she 's a politician i can still respect because she actually sticks to her principles , despite the fact that she 's on the opposite side of the political spectrum . 
  i 'm about as far left as you get , and find a lot of merkels politics utterly distasteful , but i still agree with you . 
  she 's pragmatic and principled , and her decisions tends to logically follow from her principles , which makes her a damn unicorn as far as politicians are concerned ( and i have to respect a politician with a phd in * quantum chemistry * ) . 
  it also makes it totally unsurprising that erdogan does n't like her , as he 'll get absolutely nowhere with her as long as her principles clash with what he wants . 
  but saippuakauppias is imported from one or more germanic language to the point where it 's recognisable . 
  compare `` saippua '' with `` soap '' or the old-fashioned norwegian `` sepe '' and modern norwegian s\u00e5pe , and `` kauppias '' with german `` kaufmann '' or norwegian `` kj\u00f8pmann '' if anything it 's a sign that there are occasional sane elements to finnish  your other example , though , makes me want to hide in a closet and cry . 
  you missed the whole circus around it in the 90 's then ? 
  most norwegians can only name any norwegian metal bands because of the whole satanist + murder + spate of church burning mess centered around varg vikernes . 
  the irony is that most of the `` satanists '' media wrote about probably were n't , but a fair amount of deeply christian people did take it very seriously . 
  if you allow hunting them with dogs , then that will have the added bonus of attracting rich tourists from the uk who are still bitching over the uk ban on hunting foxes with dogs . 
  we 're all on the nsa list . 
  i do n't know what this obsession with virgins are . 
  virgins are not worth the effort . 
  as frankie boyle suggested , we should offer them some proper sluts instead . 
  it 's sad that i 'm not even swedish but i instantly knew which song it was without clicking ( or having clicked the original link - i 'm a redditor after all ) based on your description ... 
  [ says the belgian ] ( http://zapatopi.net/belgium/ ), 
   but is n't it true that they have far more start-ups at the cutting edge than we do ? 
  they also have big major innovative companies like google , for instance , and we do n't seem to have those . 
  depends on what you consider `` at the cutting edge '' and `` innovative '' . 
  if you mean internet services , then yes . 
  but if you want e.g. 
  fintech , london is in a great position . 
  it depends a lot on the specific area you want to work in . 
  silicon valley is `` special '' , but it 's also tiny - the vast majority of developers in the us live and work in far more mundane places . 
  what makes silicon valley a standout is that there 's a lot more of `` billion dollars or bust '' type startups that take crazy risks , and a small number of them make it big and feed the hype machine , while in the uk ( and elsewhere in the us ) , most companies grow slowly and carefully , and you wo n't hear about them until they 're big , and if they 're not selling stuff relevant to you , chances are you 'll never hear about them . 
  if you want to start a company and want to take lots of risk to gamble on making it big , silicon valley is great . 
  but for regular developers , it does n't really matter . 
  you 'll get more shares in sv , but you 'll work far longer hours , and at the end of it most people will never get early share-allocations in a company that makes it big - the odds are massively against it because of the sheer number of developers and companies involved ( if they were n't , the share allocations would be lower ) . 
  i would n't discourage anyone from going to sv if they want the experience . 
  but they should also realise that it 's not some magic place where everyone gets rich . 
  while the salaries are around london levels ( more in some niches , below in some ) , cost of living are also at london levels in large parts of the valley ( the parts where your employers are likely to be ... ) , so people should n't generally expect to go there to get rich . 
  if you 're at the * very top * of your game in some niches ( e.g. 
  google or similar will pay $ x millions to hire you if you have just the right skills ) , sv can make you filthy rich in situations where finding the right deal in london would be hard , but the reverse is also true ( if you have the right skills to give an edge to a london financial institution ? 
  hello millions ) but those opportunities are exceedingly rare . 
  what london can never beat , though , is the weather ... 
  i do n't have anything handy that summarizes it - you need to do some examples , adding up us federal tax rates , accounting for tax brakets plus state taxes , plus any local taxes and do the same elsewhere , and then depending on what you want to measure you need to also consider payroll taxes ( taxes paid by the employer but based on salary ) and sales taxes . 
  this is also a big problem : people have different ideas of what should be included . 
  payroll taxes does not go out of your income , but some will argue that they lower what employers will be prepared to pay you , even though e.g. 
  cost of living tends to affect market rates for jobs much more . 
  so to be fair and use an `` anti-tax '' source [ here 's an article that goes into it a bit ] ( http://taxfoundation.org/article/comparison-tax-burden-labor-oecd ) using oecd numbers that usually include payroll taxes . 
  this gives a `` best case '' for the us , placing it 25th out of 34 oecd countries , which is quite good ( look at belgium ... ) for the us * as a whole * . 
  but worth keeping in mind that this is an average for the us . 
  states like california is substantially higher than the us average ( while states like nevada are lower ) . 
  using those numbers , of the european countries in the oecd datasets ( which by no means includes all of europe ) , only switzerland and ireland does better than the us , with uk at pretty much parity . 
  if you exclude payroll taxes , the us does much worse . 
  if you also adjust for healthcare provisions , it starts looking pretty shitty . 
  if , on the other hand , you want to live in nevada or one of the other places with really low state taxes , you 'll do very well in the us if you have a good salary . 
  but of course , average salaries in nevada are much lower than in higher tax states like california . 
  for someone emigrating from turkey , even countries like denmark and norway are actually lower tax using the oecd method , along with seeral other european countries . 
  of course all of this is really moot without considering differences in salary and cost of living - what will ultimately matter is the ratio of your take-home after-tax pay to your salary , and that 's a much more mixed bag depending your profession and specific regions in each country . 
  ( sweden was/is actually lower than i remembered - they used to be one of the extremely high ones , and are still high but do n't standout the way belgium does any more ), 
  obamacare does n't remove the cost of private healthcare . 
  as for skilled programmers , i live in the uk and earn about the same as i would in the us . 
  source : have worked for a silicon valley startup and have hired us software developers . 
  it varies by field , and fluctuates with exchange rate , but it 's certainly possible . 
  more importantly , keep in mind that the vast majority of highly skilled software developers in the us does not earn silicon valley level salaries . 
  then again most of them also do n't pay silicon valley level rents . 
  the us does n't have very low tax rates . 
  ** some states ** have . 
  notably places like nevada that most people do n't want to live in . 
  if you go to the us for a high paid job , though , you 're likely to go somewhere more expensive . 
  california has payroll taxes and state taxes that combined make taxation there roughly the same as the uk for someone earning typical software developer salaries . 
  if you compare really high tax countries like belgium , or sweden , then yeah , the us will seem low . 
  but compared to them , most of europe is low too . 
  compensate for healthcare insurance etc. 
  and places like california can be substantially more expensive than large parts of europe , but it depends on the specifics of your income and what tax bracket you end up in in each country . 
  when people drag out the `` low us taxes '' idea , it 's usually based on * marginal * federal tax rates . 
  but the vast majority of people pay nowhere near the marginal tax rate , and most us states also have state taxes and/or payroll taxes too . 
  that they were voted in is not an argument . 
  the nsdap was voted in . 
  the reichstag voted for the enablement act that gave hitler dictatorial powers and he secured a majority ( albeit through coercion , intimidation , a good dose of lies and other trickery ) . 
  history has plenty of coups that started off with people voting . 
  to be clear , i 'm not intending to compared pis to nsdap , just to point out that whether or not someone was voted in is irrelevant when considering whether or not a protest against a government is `` pro-democracy '' or not . 
  what you call socialist is communist . 
  there 's nothing about socialism that requires seizing the means of production - one of the central reasons why marx and engels used the term communism was exactly to set themselves apart from forms of socialism that did * not * share their ideas on revolutions and seizing the means of production . 
  and using the term `` socialist '' for right wing petty populists and increased welfare has a long tradition , dating back to the attempts to slur bismark back in the 1880 's ( it backfired - he was smart enough to embrace the term `` state socialism '' rather than try to fight it ) after he introduced welfare reforms exactly intended to cut support for the left wing socialists by in some cases even going further than what they asked for but without reforms to government . 
  socialism does n't fit on a left-right axis .
