  most of them resulted in no deaths at all . 
  [ you can find a list here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_aircraft_hijackings#2000s ) . 
  that number is roughly in line with the numbers before 9/11 . 
  the one major exception , that did lead to the death of everyone on board , was the germanwings flight that was crashed by its co-pilot . 
  yes , but the point is that the 9/11 hijackings were extreme anomalies . 
  the question then is whether saving those jobs would be outweighed by the jobs lost when the uk industry becomes less competitive because they have to buy more expensive steel than their competition . 
  toilet paper tends to be better quality and have less offensive shit on it . 
  most gossip magazines rarely sink as deep as the average british tabloid . 
  whether or not they could know this is one thing , but here 's a good reason to assume so : almost no hijackers blow up planes or kill the hostages in any way . 
  it 's * extremely rare * to the point that if you 're on a plane that gets hijacked the biggest risk factor to you as a passenger is if security forces decide to storm the plane and ends up in a shoot-out . 
  even then , your survival odds are far higher than the survival odds of the hijacker . 
  people who want to blow up a plane rarely bothers to hijack it . 
  the reality is that hijackings rarely lead to many casualties beyond the hijackers themselves . 
  if someone commandeers a plane , all stats say that despite 9/11 , odds are they want something that involves forcing the plane down , will negotiate , and will end up getting killed or arrested with few or no other casualties once on the ground ( unless you get forced down somewhere like israel or egypt or anywhere with french special forces nearby - some are more trigger happy than others when it comes to dealing with hijackers ... ) , so rather than risk fighting someone who claims to be armed etc. , it is generally going to be safer for everyone to follow instructions . 
  well , if there 's a copycat at least you 'll get forced to land in the right country . 
  yeah , well , when you 've been stupid enough to hijack an egyptian plane , requesting asylum seems like the thing to do . 
  they 're not amongst the most understanding bunch when it comes to hijackers . 
  i * think * that was a joke . 
  i ca n't say i remember a long string of hijackings over love . 
  edit : norway did once have one over [ one man 's love of beer though ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1985/06/22/world/hijacker-of-norwegian-jet-gives-up-for-beer.html ) :  the police said the hijacker positioned himself in a toilet from which he watched the two pilots and three flight attendants and demanded a steady supply of beer . 
  an hour after the passengers were gone , he gave up to a police officer who refused to give the hijacker more beer unless he traded his pistol for it . 
   the number of highly successful attacks is higher than those hilariously stupid ones more than the hilariously stupid ones , sure . 
  more than failed ones overall ? 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  the truly ridiculously badly planned ones usually fail without an attack even happening . 
  like the guys that planned to attack an edl meeting but had turn around because they did n't make it on time . 
  or the numerous people who have gotten arrested over stupid mistakes during the planning phase . 
  we clearly should not think of all of them as stupid - some attacks succeed after all . 
  on the other hand the level of stupidity seen in many attempts explains why we see so few sophisticated attacks . 
  there 's been plenty of stupid , delusional and/or inept morons . 
  the [ guys trying to drive a car full of propane into glasgow airport , only to be stopped by bollards ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007_glasgow_international_airport_attack ) . 
  the glasgow attackers were n't even people you 'd expect to be dumb - a doctor and an engineer . 
  ( best part : `` another man exited the car and ran into the terminal building while he was on fire and began writhing on the ground , before being kicked in the testicles by an airport employee , john smeaton , [ 23 ] who was awarded the queen 's gallantry medal for his heroism . '', 
  if i 'm ever awarded a medal for heroism , i want it to be for kicking someone in the balls ; bonus if they 're on fire when i do it ... ) while it may be a bout stoking fears , there 's also every chance it 's some idiot who had watched one too many movies . 
  a series of faked bomb threats combined with the occasional real one would be the absolute worst . 
  too many fake threats and people wo n't take them seriously . 
  the occasional real attack and you 're forced to continue to take every threat seriously . 
  i do n't understand why threats or strategic murders are n't used more often to stoke fears . 
  what seems most strange about this to me is that the information seems to have been promptly released . 
  you 'd have thought it 'd make sense to release something about the death but leave out any knowledge of the security card , but ramp up security and see if anyone tries to use it . 
  especially since i agree that if this is terrorists , the goal was to spread fear with this murder , not to do anything with the card . 
  but if that 's their goal , the full release now and the reactions gives them an incentive to target more nuclear plant employees . 
  if it was n't their goal and they actually planned something bigger , then authorities have now blown the chance of setting a trap . 
  alternatively it 's [ agent 327 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agent_327 ) and the dutch are preparing to invade . 
  the difference is that most of these were car bombs aimed at taking out the surrounding area , not car bombs targeting someone elses car to kill a specific person . 
  of course this just makes things weirder , because weirdos in london quickly learn that the weirder they act , the more londoner studiously refuse to accept that anything unusual is taking place . 
  i was once approached by a guy near leicester square in what is best described as an incredibly bright rainbow suit , who started loudly telling me about all the great drugs he wanted to sell me . 
  to my recollection , i was offered pot , meth , cocaine , ecstasy and probably a few more , with police practically next to us . 
  nobody , including the police , even looked in our direction . 
  it was as if the presence of the weird suit created a bubble of no-space around us that prevented anyone from perceiving us . 
  `` oh no , nothing is going on next to us , dear . 
  there is ** absolutely ** not a drug dealer in a rainbow suit talking loudly to that man over there next to the cops . 
  in fact , there 's nobody over there at all . 
  just empty space not worth looking at . 
  voices , you say ? 
  that 's just the traffic '', 
  apparently uk kebab tastes are having an effect on the style of kebabs sold in turkey too , in areas near the vacation resorts ... 
  same way the uk is influencing indian cuisine in many parts of the world . .  salty liquorice . 
  amazon also actually has a small but ok selection of nordic , dutch and belgian salty licorice these days ... ( between their contributions to comics and salty licorice , belgium and the netherlands clearly should become part of the nordics ), 
  given the nordic tradition of making speciality foods out of leaving various crap out/burying it in dirt to rot/ferment , you might just find you 've just invented a new dish . 
   but i 'd just recommend salmiakki . 
  the test of true men . 
  living in the uk , salmiakki / salted licorice in various forms is the first thing i buy at the airport whenever i visit my family in norway ... how any supposed civilized people can live without it , i do n't know . 
  i 'm norwegian and live in london , and i like to torture the locals by trying to get eye contact on public transport . 
  it 's a challenging game because they 're * damn good * at starting to stare intently at empty spots on the wall in fractions of a second . 
   it takes a lot of bollocks to go into conscription all it takes is not being willing to risk prison . 
  i 'm norwegian , but live in london , and it greatly annoys me that i ca n't find norwegian-style kebabs here . 
  most likely a mistake . 
  there 's always border control there . 
  that said , the controls have been intensified , and norwegian authorities have recently informed russian authorities that they will explicitly reject entry for anyone without a valid schengen visa . 
  the majority of communists i know see stalin as pretty much as bad as hitler . 
  yes , i know you can find people like the ones you describe - i 've personally had such people tell me to my face they 'd like to see me rotting in a gulag for the views i hold ( libertarian marxism ) . 
  it 's going to remain a problem for a long time because of stalins involvement on the allied side during the war , which got him `` pardoned '' for a lot of crimes from groups that were n't subjected to them , making it far easier to hold on to him . 
  and secondly because large segments of the left still suffer from the longstanding effects of basically being trained to distrust everything being said about the left by media outside of their own groups control , making criticism easy to discount . 
  when the bolsheviks got control , and their oppression started , people already had decades of lessons in actual lies and deceit about `` their '' groups , and had no reasons to believe what they were told . 
  it 's like a really nasty real-life example of the boy who cried wolf . 
  many of the parties in question in response went through an evolution similar to many cults , with splits etc. 
  that effectively meant doubters left or were excluded and what remained were ever more effective echo-chambers trained to ignore criticism from the outside . 
  the leninist party model ( e.g. 
  democratic centralism ; the idea of a vanguard party ) was an essential component to this , and made it incredibly hard to counteract , and effectively pushed most of the libertarian left into obscurity ( in the west ; in the soviet union they either learned to keep their mouth shut or were largely murdered during stalins purges , if they 'd survived that long ) . 
  it 's not so strange . 
  consider it the question of whether the state is a tool or a goal . 
  the `` tool '' group is the non-authoritarian socialists excluding ( mostly ) the anarchists . 
  the `` goal '' group are fascists and nazis , mainly , but frankly stalinists etc. 
  also fit there . 
  within that , many * policies * can be similar for very different reasons . 
  a large part of the point of fascism and nazism is that they promote the idea of the greatness of the nation and the state , and since this is more important than e.g. 
  respecting property rights of the rich , for a fascist or nazi leader it is more important to make the state efficient , and it 's not efficient to have poor people who are n't working . 
  in such cases the difference is the intent : are you putting people to work and taxing industrialists to pay for it in order to benefit the workers , or are you doing it to benefit the * state * . 
  but both sides often agree on the necessity of supporting workers to a greater extent than under a capitalist system : unemployment means letting a large resource sitting unused . 
  when you look at authoritarian leaders , they tend to not be very firmly ideological , but focused on getting and holding onto power because of a belief that they will do what is best ( and if that happens to line their pockets ... ) , and often focused on specific issues important to them personally . 
  for some authoritarian leader who have taken the leap to some authoritarian form of socialism and believes that he or the party represents some vanguard that knows best , determining whether the goal is what is best for the workers , or what you believe is best for the nation state becomes largely academic , because ultimately either in their mind is what * they * say is best for everyone - they 've erased the biggest differentiator . 
   but the downright `` refugee '' avalanche we are experiencing at the moment was triggered by merkel 's grand speech . 
  can you show us data indicating how much larger the refugee stream is vs. what was projected prior to her statements ? 
  so why did you write ( my emphasis ) :  im not saying merkel caused it , she only made it 100 times worse . 
  once she said `` wir schaffen das '' ** the refugee stream got a lot bigger . 
  ** that seems like an awefully odd thing to write if you were not implying that `` worse '' meant `` more refugees '' . 
  and if that is not what you meant , what exactly * did * you mean ? 
  how would things have been different at the macedonian border given that the overall numbers have not gone up much from what was projected before her statements ? 
   plus , back in 90s and early 2000s we got a lot of immigrants from balkans .
