  such snickering also frequently occurs when mentioning place names like maidenhead , cockfosters , hainault ( the latter : think `` anal '' when pronouncing it ) or scuntorphe . 
  source : immigrant who was frequently confused at why the british snickered so much over innocent words and place names when i first moved here . 
  well played . 
  totally not what i meant , but good for you on becoming part of civilization , 
  north americans do n't get a vote on anything related to public transport systems . 
  yeah , but there 's no scenario under which norway will move much further right . 
  the most that could happen , but is unlikely to , is for h\u00f8yre and frp to get a majority alone . 
  and as i keep telling people : no right wing government in norway has * ever * sat through two whole periods without walking or losing a no confidence motion . 
  i 'm sure it will happen one day , but i 'd be surprised if this will be that time . 
  most of them have been felled with the help of one or more of the other right wing parties . 
  one of them even dissolved on its own accord ( syse - over eu disagreements ) because there are too many fundamental disagreements between them . 
  the budget mess this year is a nice taste of what 's to come - venstre and krf will be under immense pressure going into the election year to demonstrate to their voters that they actually serve a function , and so will have to be tougher . 
  after the election they 'll either have stronger position and exploit it , or a weaker position and be more desperate ... 
  in either case , chances of one of them deciding enough is enough and supporting a no confidence motion at some point over the next period is extremely high . 
   i just pray germany stays a bastion of hope . 
  i find it rather disturbing , as a libertarian socialist , that i 've come to see merkel as one of the saner european politicians . 
  she does lots of shit i disagree with , but she at least seems to have a conscience and relatively decent principles , which depressingly is enough to make her stand out in the crowd . 
  i just find the topic fascinating and read to much when i want to avoid working :d, 
  women also on average benefit from relationships , just less so than men . 
  part of the reason is that women tend to have stronger and more social ties outside of * romantic * relationships ( women as a result tend to do better than men after divorces etc as a result ) . 
  because they tend to have this social net , a * bad * relationship tends to have a larger net negative effect on women . 
  men tend to live shorter to begin with , partly because testosterone increase risk-seeking behaviour , and partly because relationships ( both romantic and deep friendships etc. ), 
  tends to do the same . 
  when men enter relationships , we see a greater effect on average from the double whammy of a more significant increase in social contact , and testosterone levels for men also drop when we are in long term relationships . 
  but while the effect is greater for men , women still do better on average . 
  also keep in mind that we 're dealing with survivor bias here : while it 's possible that * some * of the things long-living people do has contributd to their long lives , it can also be genetics or pure luck . 
  with respect to pure luck , we do n't see all the single old people who died younger than average . 
  this is the same when you have long living smokers , drinkers etc. 
  - we do n't see all the ones that died younger than they otherwise would have , only those who are particularly lucky . 
  except you do n't have a ministry of truth - either the site operator is doing it or your isp joined in for fun . 
  it 's a very old joke site . 
  it was more obviously a joke before the entire fucking world went off the rails . 
  call them what most of the `` alt-right '' are : neo-nazis , fascists , white supremacy nationalists at the very least . 
  let 's get rid of that term . 
  i 'm resorting to bad jokes because the alternative is despair that so many could vote for someone who managed to excite and energize the fascists and racists this much . 
  note i 'm not suggesting trump himself is fascist etc. 
  ; i think he 's a populist and opportunist more than anything - thankfully we can see him backtracking rapidly on a number of issues . 
  but the extremist part of his supporters are still just as depressing and scary , and just as energized . 
  and about to get even angrier about the many promises even trump does n't want to deliver on . 
  [ it does n't even exist ] ( http://zapatopi.net/belgium/ ), 
  nah , that 's cool - you guys are clearly refugees . 
  except for the oppressing the kurds and sending death threats to journalists or politicians who spoke about the oppression of the kurds bit ( or for many years : any journalists who dared even call them kurds , as officially they did n't exist for decades ) ... and cyprus . 
  turkey had plenty of problems long before erdogan that made eu accession impossible . 
  hence why i included you guys at the end :d i satisfy a lot of my salmiak cravings by ordering dutch candy from amazon these days ( i live in the uk , and there 's a small variety of stuff imported from the nordics too , but more from the netherlands it seems ), 
  same in norway . 
  i like to threaten foreigners with whole grilled sheeps head ( what ? 
  you do n't like your food to look at you and smell of burned wool ? 
  besides it only looks at you until you 've eaten the eyes ) or fish in caustic soda ( lutefisk ) . 
  most norwegian food like that only sounds gross to people , though , rather than actually have any really extreme tastes . 
  but salmiak/ammonium chloride laced candy is always fun to bring back to work in the uk after my holidays `` back home '' in norway ... `` here , try some of these nordic sweets '' * innocent smile * ( they 've started selling icelandic variations in norway now too ) . 
  i 've only ever handed them to one person from outside the nordic countries or the netherlands who actually * liked * it - usually people spit them out , the pussies . 
  caustic soda/lye is a base , not an acid . 
  it 's often specifically used to neutralise acids . 
  still just as nasty , and i 'm with the italians on that one . 
  ammonium-chloride/salmiak in licorice , on the other hand , is a sign of high culture . 
  but where are they going to add the deep fried ice cream ? 
  it looks like the kind of thing that 'd be rejected from a satire show making fun of fat americans as `` too unrealistic '' . 
   the conservatives won a majority of the votes . 
  plurality , not majority . 
  the candidate with the most votes , win - a majority is not required . 
  `` my '' local mp won with 43.7 % of the vote . 
  that would be me . 
  the issue is that there is n't anything to lay the insulation mats on , and no way of getting underneath without tearing up the entire floor , and a lot of hassle trying to attach anything to the underside of the joists to lay insulation on top of , and then re-laying floor boards and laminate ( or replacing the floor boards . . ) . 
  it makes it cost well above whatever paltry grants were available last i checked . 
  i 'll probably get it done sometime , but not until it 's time to replace the laminate anyway , and it 'll last a few more years . 
  but thanks for the suggestion anyway . 
  yes ... and they show up on time too , and work instead of drink tea all day . 
  no wonder english builders are terrified of being out of their jobs . 
  clearly on the high end , building contractors that do large tower blocks etc. 
  know what they 're doing , but on the low end the housing stock here is beyond shitty , and a lot of it would fit right in quality wise with eastern european cold-war building quality . 
  my entire street is 1930 's terraced buildings . 
  the floors here are basically low quality plank over ~ 30cm of air gap down to the ground . 
  to deal with the big , huge gaps that you could see through , most people just have a wall to wall carpet on top . 
  no proper insulation . 
  get 's nice and cold ... 
  at least the stalinists are thankfully suffering a far faster decline than the catholics . 
  but it 's a good comparison all the while it seems these regimes had similar hangups as the catholic church used to have about being cautious about having people read the actual source texts before they were suitably indoctrinated . 
  yeah , builders from pretty much anywhere else in europe know how to do this , so these days it 's thankfully easier to get it done properly . 
  and british builders wonders why people are so happy to hire others to carry out building work . 
  the irony is that this idea of everyone being the same is something marx was already fighting against during his lifetime , as it 's a total corruption of his ideas . 
  marx argued strongly against a strong state , and against conformism , on a number of occasions . 
  i particularly like this part by marx from critique of the gotha programme to illustrate how far eastern european / soviet socialism were from marxist socialism/communism :  `` elementary education by the state '' is altogether objectionable . 
  defining by a general law the expenditures on the elementary schools , the qualifications of the teaching staff , the branches of instruction , etc. , and , as is done in the united states , supervising the fulfillment of these legal specifications by state inspectors , is a very different thing from appointing the state as the educator of the people !, 
  government and church should rather be equally excluded from any influence on the school . 
  particularly , indeed , in the prusso-german empire ( and one should not take refuge in the rotten subterfuge that one is speaking of a `` state of the future '' ; we have seen how matters stand in this respect ) the state has need , on the contrary , of a very stern education by the people . 
   but the whole program , for all its democratic clang , is tainted through and through by the lassallean sect 's servile belief in the state , or , what is no better , by a democratic belief in miracles ; or rather it is a compromise between these two kinds of belief in miracles , both equally remote from socialism . 
  imagine what someone who held up the us educational system as preferable to centralised state control of education , and who critised a `` servile belief in the state '' from a party that still supported democracy but put too much trust in the state for his liking , would think of the level of conformism expected by the leninists , stalinists and the like . 
  sounds bad , but i live in the uk , and my experience here is that builders here are totally incapable of sealing a floor . 
  when i moved in , my bath room had plank floors with nylon tiles glued on it with gaps . 
  no drain , of course , as here the norm is to attach a pvc drain pipe straight to the bathtub or shower , and just assume nobody ever spills water on the rest of the bathroom floor , aparently . 
  it gets better : the main bundle of electrics going up from the fuse cabinet on the ground floor goes right next to where the water will run if anyone were to spill enough on the floor . 
  we got someone in to redo it and mostly seal the floor . 
  we asked them to actually seal it of course , but i 've yet to come across a british builder that has been capable of properly sealing anything , so `` mostly '' had to do . 
  suggesting something like a wetroom to a british builder will get you blank stare and/or implications that it 's some weird foreign conspiracy that does n't really exist seems to be the norm . 
  some are willing to try , but you know , if it involves more than spraying copious amounts of sealants in cracks , it 's practically magic to them . 
  le corbusier did actually submit a proposal for redevelopment of moscow that was too extreme even for stalin , as it would have involved tearing down large parts of the historic centre of moscow and rebuilding it on a rectilinear structure . 
  [ ville radieuse ] ( http://www.archdaily.com/411878/ad-classics-ville-radieuse-le-corbusier ) was adapted from le corbusiers plans for moscow . 
  instead , the neoclassisists [ saw a revival under stalin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stalinist_architecture ) and a lot of it looks quite good . 
  however , as everywhere else , the limitation was cost , especially after the war . 
  you 'll find plenty of examples of what was considered good architecture at the time in prestigeous buildings , but examples like yours where there was a need to throw up large numbers of housing units quickly and cheaply rather than to look good resulted in things like the soviet [ khrushchyovka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khrushchyovka ) ( named after khrushchev , because he directed architects to develop low cost building methods to aid in meeting housing construction goals ) .
