  in the vote in question here , which happened on the 14th , this was the first reading in parliament , and so it is not yet binding either way . 
  that said , the article seems to be more misleading than the headline , in that it seems to imply it 's a directive , but looking [ at the text ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/html/?uri=celex:52016pc0482&amp;rid=2 ) it appears to be a regulation , and so while the vote still did not make it immediately binding , the process appears to be much shorter ( but the official eu parliament documents from the session does not appear to be up yet , so i 've not checked the details of exactly what was approved ) . 
  it 's for * barbecues * of course . 
  everyone knows flame throwers are great for serving the public burgers . 
  it 's not false . 
  they did vote to make it binding . 
  that their vote to make it binding does not immediately make it binding is clear to anyone that understands the basics of the eu legislative process . 
  it 's exceedingly rare for votes in * any * legislative organ to take effect immediately , but that does not mean the media will not report on those votes . 
  you manage to contradict yourself in a single sentence . 
  a missing word somewhere ? 
  well , yes , that 's how the eu legislative process works . 
  the agreement text is just a small part of it . 
  the agreement is pretty much signing up to a convention that also establishes long term reporting mechanisms , including a commitment from the parties to publish intended national contributions . 
  so while you are right that it leaves a lot of words open , that is taken care of by the commitments each signatory is making . 
  [ here is the full text of the adoption proposal from the 21st session of the paris convention ] ( https://www.scribd.com/doc/293089232/cop21-agreement-final-text ) - it provides a lot of boring but essential details about reporting etc. 
  surrounding the agreement . 
  he seems to have basically turned into basil fawlty in old age . 
  quick , someone tell him that 's a * character * . 
  ( incidentally this thought made me look up fawlty towers , which led me to the original inspiration for basil fawlty - a donald sinclair , about whom [ his wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/donald_sinclair_\\ ( hotel_owner \\ ) ) has this to say regarding his death : sinclair died in england in 1981 aged 72 , from a heart attack and stroke `` when some workmen he 'd upset painted his patio furniture and car gunmetal grey during the night '' - sounds like basil fawlty to the end ), 
  the problem with those type of campaigns is that when they fail , they fail hard . 
  consider how the us far right try to smear obama by calling him a socialist etc. 
  come the next election , and suddenly bernie sanders is no longer scary to a lot of voters , because , hey , they 've heard obama was a socialist too ... 
  so when they smear corbyn for his views , they need to consider that if they go too far , people will either stop believing them , or believe them but decide that if corbyn is [ insert `` intended slur '' ] then perhaps [ intended slur ] is n't so bad after all . 
  it 's one of the reasons why we should in general be careful about attacking people using hyperbole - it can backfire spectacularly . 
   and start productive negotiations ... . you have a talent for comedy . 
  year ? 
  uk tabloids have treated the eu as an enemy for decades . 
   mistakes are easily made when one orders peas from hookers . 
  i 'm going to assume you 're speaking from experience . 
  that varies by culture , and also by gender . 
  in many countries * men * are expected to take of hats , while women are expected to keep theirs on . 
  in at least part of africa it is common for women to cover their hair in catholic churches as well ( source : my ex is nigerian and grew up in a catholic family ) . 
  it can also vary by type of head covering . 
  you can find places where hats should be taken off but where scarves or other traditional head coverings will be kept on . 
  covering up your hair is common for more conservative and orthodox christians in several parts of europe , and was common in many more until a few decades ago . 
  when i grew up ( in norway ) in the early 80 's it was still common to see older women cover their hair with scarves , and while that was even then mostly a secular practice , it has a background in christian expectations of modesty for many . 
  that 's because they 're not equally distant for every word . 
  most languages have gotten their word for metre either from french or from a language that got it from french , and so they are similar across languages that are otherwise very different . 
  edit : oh , reddit , i love it so when you downvote for a purely factual comment . 
  never change . 
   if she really was a fascist , we would n't be having this conversation . 
  theresa may has over her entire career been held back by not having a sufficient power base to do all the things she has proposed . 
  she 's wanted to e.g. 
  repeal human rights legislations for many years . 
  now she might stand a chance ( before calling the election she did n't , as moderate tories prepared to rebel over it , like david davis who is an idiot in most respects but at least is principled when it comes to support of human rights , held enough seats to stop her ) . 
  if she gets enough seats tomorrow , she will be able to go much further . 
  i do n't think we 're at immediate risk of a full blown dictatorship , but no thanks to theresa may , but thanks to the fact that she is an extremist even within the tory party still . 
   left and right are both gon na fuck you . 
  obama did not run on a left wing platform , even by us standards . 
  he is a centrist conservative , that would have fit right into the republican party as it was under e.g. 
  reagan if not for race . 
  he seemed left wing because of bush and the tea party . 
  the reason he won the way he did was that nothing he proposed was radical seen from a pre-bush viewpoint . 
  he looked left wing because the us right had gone completely batshit insane . 
  of course it 's fair to be worried then and there . 
  but there is a difference from being worried then and there to letting that worry rise to a state of panic over events that are so exceedingly rare , and that kill so few people . 
  want something to panic over ? 
  the destruction of the nhs . 
  the underfunding of the nhs will kill people by the tens of thousand a year . 
  that scares me . 
  yes , the terror attacks are scary then and there . 
  but we are each thousands of times more likely to be affected by the brutal hatchet job the tories are taking to the nhs . 
  * that * is a threat to national security . 
  isis is a minor nuisance in comparison . 
  the tories are the true terrorists threatening the uk . 
  what is nihilistic about wanting to protect life by focusing on things like healthcare where we can save thousands , instead of focusing on things like terror where we can save nearly noone , because it affects nearly noone ? 
  what i find far worse is when people act as if we are staring into the abyss over something that is largely inconsequential , because they are gripped by fear , instead of dealing rationally with the real problems of society . 
  nothing i wrote suggest we sit back and take it . 
  the point is not that no reaction is right , but that disproportionate reaction is worse - it 's wasting resources that would save far more lives if used differently . 
  instead the tories want to curtail civil liberties for no good reason . 
  i fear fascists like theresa may far more like some pathetic isis losers - may actually has the power to do real damage . 
  and hundreds of thousands die each year of things that are not down to poor life choices and not their fault . 
  and far more teenagers and little girls too die from other reasons than terror . 
  yet here you are playing straight into the fear they are trying to plant . 
  that explains why people act like irrational , scared animals , but they 're still acting like irrational , scared animals all the same . 
  which is why we need to explain just how insigificant a threat terrorism is . 
  if you die , you 're equally dead no matter the reason . 
  it 's only an attack on the entire country because we allow ourselves to blow it out of proportion . 
  and by doing so we enocurage more attacks . 
   either you 're lucky and the plane makes it somehow , or everyone on board dies . 
  [ it 's very rare for plane crashes to kill everyone on board ] ( http://boingboing.net/2012/11/05/surviving-a-plane-crash-is-sur.html ) . 
  that 's another one of those things where people tend to overestimate the risk , probably because the death tolls tend to be large even when most survive , and you hear most about the worst incidents . 
  and this is why we need to keep explaining exactly how irrational this response is . 
  a terror attack only works as an attack on the state by scaring the population . 
  and the population is being irrationally scared because these attacks are being blown out of all proportion by our own press and our own politicians . 
  they 're doing the terrorists work for them . 
  talk about entirely missing the point . 
  the point is not to not spend on the lesser issues at all , but that spending disproportionately much on the lesser issues is a folly . 
  people do n't like it when we start talking return on investment of saving lives , but the reality is that we do not have infinite resources , which means we prioritise . 
  if we spend billions on anti-terror measures because of a handful of deaths , and that means we ca n't afford to properly fund the nhs , then there is every potential for tens of thousands * more * deaths as a result of making that choice . 
  that does not mean spending zero on anti-terror work , but that we should realise what the cost - not just in money , but in lives - is of prioritising anti-terror work over other things . 
  ** especially ** when the anti-terror efforts are being sold to us as making us safe , and quite possibly has the opposite effect . 
   you can reduce your individual risk of drowning in a bathtub to almost 0 % i would be willing to bet that if you ask people , the vast majority never even think about it , much less take precautions on the basis of a fear of dying . 
  that 's the real difference . 
  there are no rounds of massive news coverage of the people who drown in bathtubs that scares people into thinking about it . 
  just like we do n't go around worrying about the risk of dying from choking on our food ( 203 dead ) , or from choking on our own vomit ( 113 dead ) . 
   if you live in london you ca n't control the terror risk , without making huge lifestyle changes ( do n't go to crowded areas , etc ) this scares people , and understandably so . 
  if you go to crowded areas , you risk of being killed by a car in a normal traffic accident is still many times larger . 
  so are deaths from non-terrorist assaults . 
  if you are worried about being killed in public , it 's irrational to focus your worry on terrorists .
