  it will take time , though . 
  i tend to agree , but as a foreigner from an eea country ( norway ) , i know that if we end up with cameron continuing as pm and/or substantial rise in support for ukip , i 'll suddenly get my ass in gear and get that indefinite leave to remain sorted out just as a precaution ... ( i 've been eligible for a decade or so , but as long as the uk remain in the eu the practical value of having one is pretty much zero so have n't bothered ), 
  read it more as expressing glee that putin is drawing enough attention away from himself that he can get away with stating stuff like this . 
  he could be eating kittens for lunch and most of the world would ignore it because no matter how bad thinks get for people in belarus , we do n't see lukashenko as a likely threat . 
  putin on the other hand , is a wild card * and * has enough power to pose a real threat to larger parts of europe . 
  the norwegian public broadcaster ( nrk ) once , while they were still the only channel in norway , claimed they would start trialling broadcasting of a second channel by splitting the image down the middle . 
  they then instructed people to attach a piece of cardboard along the middle of their tv to create a visual separation , and broadcast some short example . 
  supposedly quite a few people fell for it . 
  [ agent 327 ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/agent_327 ) is probably the most internationally known one . 
  i do n't know where to get any online/from the uk - i used to read some of the norwegian translations as a kid but have n't ready any since . 
  i only read dutch with some difficulty ( too many consonants damn it ) , but there 's a [ pretty comprehensive list on the dutch wikipedia ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/categorie:nederlandse_stripreeks ) with links to publishers etc. 
  on the individual pages . 
  there 's also a ( smaller ) [ list on the english wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_comics ), 
   this is literally impossible . 
  you appear to be replying to something that was not at all claimed . 
  can confirm . 
  dutch liquorice is one of the few signs of civilisation outside of the nordics . 
  also you have a reasonable domestic comic book industry . 
  edit : your language is pretty much legible for us too . 
  ca n't understand a single word when you speak it out loud , though . 
  for all of lenin 's numerous flaws faults , the connection of homosexuality to `` bourgeois decadence '' in the sssr appears to have come with stalin , not lenin . 
  the exact cause for the reversal ( gay sex was * legalised * under lenin ) is unknown - it may have had to do with trying to better relations with the orthodox church , or it may just have been a useful tool for stalin to use against dissidents , or as a propaganda tool . 
  that is irrelevant without looking at what their respective cultures were like before the transformations . 
   morally integer nations against the decadent west . 
  yes , how * dare we * use floating point ... 
  sarcasm aside , most of the major countries in the americas gained independence * long * before most african countries did . 
  they 've had much longer to deal with the fallout . 
  good luck getting people to agree on who the `` civilised people '' are . 
  consider that the largest sources of political and religious violence in europe over the last few decades have not been islamic fundamentalists , but a range of political movements spanning the political spectrum that reflect fundamental disagreement of what `` civilised '' society should look like that have used methods ranging from relatively limited bombing campaigns to outright slaughter in a range of wars . 
  in other words we 're not all that squeaky clean either . 
  if there was some definition of `` civilised '' that `` everyone '' agreed with , there would n't be a problem in the first place . 
  how is this institutionalising racism ? 
  on the contrary , it is addressing it by providing an audit trail that can ( and is ) used to verify that people are not breaking anti-discrimination laws and institutional rules . 
  if you want to stop institutionalized racism , the first step is to document when and where it happens . 
  the entire point of doing that is to be able to collect statistics to analyse where or not there are racial disparities ( whether due to socio-economic factors or racism ) . 
  you ca n't stamp out racism if you do n't know if it 's there , or where it is . 
  not recording that information when we know there are issues with racism is sticking our heads in the sand and pretending there 's no problems . 
  `` those people '' i supposedly have a fetish for do n't worry me because i 'm not a scared little child and realise how exceedingly rare islamist terror actually is in europe . 
  islamists have a * long * way to go before they 'll manage to outcompete political terrorists in europe , including scared little boys terrified of muslim immigration , in terms of deaths - even if we only count the last few decades . 
  i 'm more concerned about traffic than islamist terrorists - traffic kills far more people . 
   it 's obvious because of the difference in the level of basic civility , that 's what 's obvious . 
  absolutely none of the other people that have come to europe in the past 500 years claim that we should all follow their laws . 
  europe is not a homogenous population . 
  during the last 500 years , various european groups have waged war on each other in order to impose their laws on others with on a regular basis . 
  and more than once with religious motivation . 
   anyone that wants sharia law should not be a european citizen . 
  a central part of democracy is to allow people to voice their beliefs * even when they are offensive to us * . 
  give up that , and we have already lost . 
  to me , that attitude is as offensive as what you criticise . 
  and what would you do with those european citizens , with european ancestors , that hold beliefs you do n't like ? 
  some do , but [ that tired old argument is well covered here ] ( http://answering-islam.org/green/onbible.htm ) . 
  tl ; dr : we have plenty of copies of bibles pre-dating muhammed , and so we know what the text looked like then . 
  [ yes it bloody well is ] ( http://clearquran.com/005.html ) . 
  it is seen as superseded as gods final word for * muslims * , but it is still explicitly called out as gods word repeatedly in the quran , and it is also repeatedly pointed out that christians should live according to the gospels . 
  let me quote from sura 5 , the table :  46 ) in their footsteps , we sent jesus son of mary , fulfilling the torah that preceded him ; and we gave him the gospel , wherein is guidance and light , and confirming the torah that preceded him , and guidance and counsel for the righteous . 
    47 ) so let the people of the gospel rule according to what god revealed in it . 
  those who do not rule according to what god revealed are the sinners . 
  note how the gospel is explicitly stated as having been given by god , and as gods revelation , and that christians should follow the gospels as the word of god as revealed to them . 
  ( the preceding paragraphs deals with the old testament / torah ) and further :  65 ) had the people of the scripture believed and been righteous , we would have remitted their sins , and admitted them into the gardens of bliss . 
    66 ) had they observed the torah , and the gospel , and what was revealed to them from their lord , they would have consumed amply from above them , and from beneath their feet . 
  among them is a moderate community , but evil is what many of them are doing . 
    67 ) o messenger , convey what was revealed to you from your lord . 
  but if you do not , then you would not have delivered his message . 
  and god will protect you from the people . 
  god does not guide the disbelieving people . 
    68 ) say , `` o people of the scripture !, 
  you have no basis until you uphold the torah , and the gospel , and what is revealed to you from your lord . '', 
  but what is revealed to you from your lord will increase many of them in rebellion and disbelief , so do not be sorry for the disbelieving people . 
    69 ) those who believe , and the jews , and the sabians , and the christians-whoever believes in god and the last day , and does what is right-they have nothing to fear , nor shall they grieve . 
  note how it explicitly refers to the torah and the gospel as revealed by god . 
  not only is it gods word , but it also explicitly point out that those who uphold the torah or the gospels and believe in god and the last day ( judgement day ) , and does right , are safe from gods judgement , and can be admitted to paradise . 
  poor atheists like me , on the other hand are doomed to hell :  86 ) but as for those who disbelieve and deny our signs-these are the inmates of the fire . 
  maybe you should take a look at maps of historical migration in europe . 
  europe ( like most of the world ) is one big melting pot where pretty much no country has been homogenous in the last millennium . 
  the only recent difference is that it 's more visually obvious because of skin colour , and that the level of christian oppression in europe has been rapidly dropping off over the last century to the point where it is now * viable * for other religions to be more visible . 
  the gospels are just a tiny part of the bible . 
  and the bible is a holy book to muslims too . 
  you 're assuming a suicide bomber , which is a bad assumption to make unless you are in very specific parts of the world . 
  in europe most terror bombings have * not * been with suicide bombers . 
  you 're also assuming there are no secondary devices on * timer * . 
  * some * far leftists hate the eu . 
  most far leftist have substantial concerns over the structure of the eu , and the lack of democratic accountability . 
  as a result you have for example far left parties in europe that are against the eu , but that have proposed thing like a full european federation . 
  you also have far left groups that are pro eu because they see it as possible to transform , and far left groups that are against a union in any form . 
  there 's that old quote about marxists : if you put two marxists in a room , they 'll have three opinions on what true marxism is ( am marxist , can confirm this is true ) . 
  it extends nicely to the wider left . 
  yes , it is a west germanic language as a matter of history , but it is the germanic language that has gone of the furthest in a very different direction . 
  i can read dutch . 
  i have never learned dutch , but dutch reads to me light a light mix of norwegian and german , with the occasional english influence and a few extra pointless letters . 
  in the uk i frequently get asked if i 'm dutch exactly because i tend to make the same types of word-order mistakes as dutch speakers often do . 
  compare middle english with scandinavian languages , and the similarities are substantial . 
  compare old english and icelandic , and frankly it 's about the same effort for me to dechipher both with reference to norwegian , and many texts will be closer to modern norwegian than modern english ( and much closer to icelandic than both , given that icelandic has retained much more influence from old norse ) . 
  english has diverged immensely from the overall germanic trend in ways that most of the other germanic languages have not . 
   german felt more natural than learning swedish , which i found a happy middleground with dutch to compare to ( sentences feel reversed in northern germanic languages ) . 
  modern scandinavian languages indeed often feel reversed but this is * very * recent ( ~ 100 years ) , and you often * can * apply either the preferred german sentence order , or nearly so ( there are some exceptions ) or at least something that will be valid but not idiomatic german . 
  danish in particular retains a lot of this , while swedish is closer to german in terms of vocabulary than danish and norwegian . 
  the further back you go even relatively recent times , the closer it gets . 
  1920 's norwegian and danish ( i 'm less certain of swedish as i have n't read much swedish from that period ) typically uses a sentence structure much closer to german that is still allowed in modern norwegian and danish , but that will sound old-fashioned . 
   i made the point english does not `` come from '' those many languages . 
  origins and influence are not the same thing .
