  that does by no means mean that the syrian legal system is flawless , it has plenty of problems . 
  but syrian jurisprudence is still far closer to european legal systems than it is to e.g. 
  saudi arabian law in most areas . 
  ah , yes , as we all know africa is a single , small , country that all have the same security situation . 
  ( hint : even in nigeria , boko haram is only a threat in the north east , and mainly in borno state - one of 36 nigerian states , and home to somewhere around 5m of the 140m-150m people in nigeria ), 
  i did n't claim 1970 . 
  i claimed 70 's . 
  i 'll admit i was off by 9 years - the actual cutover was 1989 , at which point the number of pakistani immigrants passed 9725 - slightly above half of the number of pakistani immigrants living in norway in 2015 . 
  you can find the numbers [ here ] ( https://www.ssb.no/statistikkbanken/selectvarval/define.asp?subjectcode=&amp;productid=&amp;maintable=innvunobakgr2&amp;nvl=&amp;planguage=0&amp;nytmpvar=true&amp;cmssubjectarea=befolkning&amp;kortnavnweb=innvbef&amp;statvariant=&amp;checked=true ) and even generate a nice graph that will clearly show the big initial rush and the how slowed to a trickle . 
  so where are your sources for the claims in your original comment ? 
  ( of course yours were demonstrably baseless based on the initial table i posted ), 
  [ google does these handy charts ] ( https://encrypted.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;q=oslo%20population ) ( 618,683 in 2012 ), 
  thanks the same . 
  an amusing part of colonial history and more relaxed attitudes to race is reflected in the diversity of your ex-colonies compared to e.g. 
  british ex-colonies : while on one hand , portuguese colonial rule had some incredibly convoluted rules about racial classification based on skin colour shade , you guys had those rules for a reason : you actually mixed with the locals and had kids with them and raised families with them . 
  the british on the other hand , tried hard to pretend nobody had sex . 
  you see the difference in e.g. 
  brazil vs. large parts of the carribbean islands . 
  or cape verde . 
  the world would have quite literally looked different if you guys had expanded your colonial rule further . 
  why does it matter ? 
  have you ever actually tried going to a party , or a bar , or a church or anywhere dominated by black people ( or asians or whatever ) ? 
  or travelled anywhere where you were a minority ? 
  do it , it 's enlightening . 
  guess what , 99.9 % of the time nobody gives a fuck . 
  the rare times people do it tends to be because you 're an exotic curiosity , or the same overbearing `` i 'm trying so hard not to be a racist i 'm acutally acting kinda racist '' overly helpful reaction ( e.g. 
  nigerian weddings where i 'd have a steady stream of aunties ensuring i always had food and drink , and someone to talk to , and somewhere to sit while ignoring other guests ) . 
  i gave you enough pointers to find the information yourself . 
  if you think this is somehow controversial information , that 's your issue . 
  given that the first comment of yours i replied to was basically totally made up nonsense that * you * have n't provided sources for , i 'm not inclined to give a shit what you think about anything . 
   i think my skirt would be very unacceptable for most of them , not to mention my leather suit . . 
  i 'm a biker . . 
  given the number of muslim women i 've run into in rather obscene skirts in british night clubs , i 'm not so confident about `` most of them '' . 
  it varies greatly by country how much they care , and tends to be more down to what family members think than religious considerations . 
  as for leather , there 's no general prohibition of leather in islam . 
  depending on teacher/sect , there may be restrictions on treatment and whether or not you can wear pig skin , but afaik only a few extremist sects like the taliban have banned wholesale use of leather clothing ( and in the case of taliban it was not because it was leather , but specifically because leather coats/jackets was seen as a sign of westernisation ) . 
  i used to work with a muslim that wore leather jackets all the time . 
  even the wahabists accept the use of leather ( not sure about clothing , but they certainly use it for other products )  but their children ( born here ) go back and behead people ... 
  meanwhile the children of non-muslim europeans have been responsible for the vast majority of terrorist attacks in europe , and still are . 
  unless there 's massive numbers of them going , something there 's no indication of , as awful as it is , that makes them pretty no better or worse than the rest of us as a group . 
  real , or ( self - ) imagined , the effect is the same as long as that is what people consider themselves if asked about the subject . 
  bringing up anglo-saxons vs. celts is in any case just a rhetorical device to bring up the point of how mixed up britain is . 
  that , and it tends to really rile up our bnp neighbours when we jokingly suggest they should move back to germany and give britain to the welsh ( yes , i know , not accurate , but that 's not the point ) . 
   this is a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  i 've heard hardliner socialists say things like `` everything bad in the world is the fault of white people '' and `` i ca n't wait until someone nukes jerusalem '' and they 're exactly the same people who would complain about everything not fitting in with their party line being `` racist '' . 
  as a `` hardliner socialist '' for at least 25 years , and a card carrying member of assorted fringe groups for a few of them ( back when i could be bothered ) , i 've never heard any self-proclaimed socialists claim `` everything bad in the world is the fault of white people '' . 
  i do n't doubt that some idiots hold views like that , but it is certainly not a mainstream view even far to the left of the bigger socialist/social democratic parties . 
  it 's hardly a compelling argument for widespread vilification of western culture to dig up some individual weirdo that pose no threat whatsoever by virtue of having no influence . 
  and as much as i find the idea of nuking jerusalem abhorrent , i find the idea that you think that 'd be an expression of vilification of western culture to be bizarre . 
  opposition to israel is generally founded on the belief that israel is an oppressive racist apartheid state . 
  those of us who find israel offensive generally want them curtailed because we find their oppression fundamentally at odds with what we consider the modern humanist values we 'd like to see define european culture ( and culture elsewhere ) . 
  the problem with israel is not `` western culture '' . 
  or if so , no part of wester culture i want part of . 
   but it 's already happening . 
  the responses to the charlie hebdo attack that basically just agreed with the terrorists , and were in favour of outlawing depictions of muhammed entirely were innumerable . 
  why do you think this is a new thing ? 
  blasphemy laws have strong support in christian circles in europe still . 
  as late as 2005 , jerry springer the opera caused the bbc to get sued for blasphemy in the uk ( thankfully the bbc prevailed ) over the depiction of christianity . 
  the uk blasphemy laws were not struck off until 2008 . 
  yet still i 've seen as many reactions going the other way , insisting on stronger protection of free speech in the wake of this . 
  if/when there 's a real chance of majorities for re-introducing blasphemy laws where they have been removed , they you might have a point . 
  in the meantime it 's worth considering that to date , the * vast * majority of terror in europe over the last couple of decades have been carried out by non-muslims . 
   anti-lgbt violence is on the rise all across europe , and the perpetrators are largely immigrants . 
  people are n't just making this up . 
  then i 'm sure you have statistics to show this . 
  if so that is certainly something i would like to read up on . 
   oh yes , my account is not valid read what i wrote again , because that is not at all what i said . 
  as tempting as it is to outright write off `` friends of friends '' accounts , what i said was that basically that if what people come up with are `` friends of friends '' , and even if we assume that every single one of those are genuine , the frequency of problems is then likely low enough not to be a concern , for the simple reason that if there were more substantial problems , it would affect enough people that you would be able to refer to concrete friends or personal experience . 
   if you want facts , all you need to do is look at the statistics , because those provide undeniable proof that we are having a problem with the current immigration policy . 
  do they ? 
  you must have different statistics than i 've seen . 
  care to share ? 
  i really expect to be allowed to eat my pork too . 
  i 'll take up arms to defend my bacon if someone threatens it ... ( only half-joking ) but i do n't fear for my ability to eat pork because i 've lived around enough muslims to 1 ) see that most of them do n't give a shit what i eat , 2 ) realise that plenty of them are slowly giving up religious mandates too , just like christians have ( incidentally , the bible too . 
  and also because i know that the muslim world has had plenty of social reformers , and while they 've had setbacks ( not in small parts `` assisted '' through western support for fundamentalist lunatics like the saudi wahabists ) , they 've shown they can move far and fast when the time is right . 
  and most people fleeing these regimes are not the worst fundamentalists , but those persecuted by them . 
   but she does n't do it because of religion consider that while many muslims gives a religious explanation for this , it is not a religious requirement , and is strongly culturally dependent to muslims too . 
  again to how fast culture changes , [ light dressed people in egypt in the 1950 's and ' 60 's ] ( http://all-that-is-interesting.com/1960s-egypt ) - the swing to more conservative clothes in some cultural groups has not yet lasted much longer than the period of more liberal clothing did in particular under nasser . 
  you can find plenty of christian parts of europe were people generally dressed more conservatively well into the 70 's or even 80 's . 
   western culture has been vilified for decades in the immigration debate . 
  i keep hearing this , but i never get to see examples of vilification other than of things like racism . 
  it is a bizarre notion to me anyway : culture is the sum of the norms of society as a whole . 
  `` ethnic europeans '' still make up a vast majority . 
  if `` western culture '' is being vilified in the west , then it is ethnic europeans rejecting and replacing it , and whatever the things that are supposedly vilified are , are then no longer representative of western culture . 
  unless by `` vilified '' you mean to say that some minority is bitching about something . 
  that too is part of our culture , and nothing new , nor representative of some takeover . 
   more to the point , people fear a ( partial ) loss of power in their countries , and it 's partly affirmed by entire neighbourhoods becomnig cultural enclaves for foreign cultures . 
  i understand that people fear change . 
  but you know what ? 
  those fears are not new . 
  care to count up how many european countries e.g. 
  had laws restricting the rights of jews to settle in their countries ? 
  ( my native norway , to our shame , included a paragraph preventing access for jews to our constitution ) . 
  or legal restrictions on catholics or other religious groups ? 
  we have at least ( probably older ) a two thousand years history of vilifying immigration . 
  yet our modern cultures are the outcome of all the migration that nevertheless happened . 
  yes , our culture will change . 
  but our culture always changes . 
  and it changes * fast * . 
  heck , large parts of what passes for `` western culture '' today would have horrified people in europe just a few decades ago .
