  it makes it far more likely that the changes that actually gets made are popular enough to stand the test of time rather than cause fights to reverse them as soon as the other side gains power again . 
  they live in unsafe neighbourhoods and deal with broken families largely due to poverty , under-education due to generations of poverty ( under-education persists for a long time after families manage to get out of poverty and provides an enduring risk of falling back into poverty ) , and lack of support structures due to poverty . 
  these things do not happen in isolation . 
  black people are extremely over-represented amongst poor people in the us due to extensive discrimination over generations reducing their social mobility . 
  poor people often `` ca n't stop '' committing crimes , no , when faced with sufficient poverty coupled with a legal system that is crazily expansive and methods of policing where the vast majority of charges for poor people lead to plea bargains in part because poor people have little access to reasonable legal advice . 
  that 's without even considering present day racism , just their socio-economic position . 
  that 's not generally true . 
  a chapel is simply a place of worship that is separate from a larger structure , and which usually does not have it 's own congregation . 
  it * can * be closed to the public in that they may be attached to institutions that are not open to the public . 
  but many are open to the public , and some are attached to larger churches or cathedrals as side-chapels to provide space for additional functions . 
  examples of open chapels would typically be e.g. 
  chapels attached to hospitals , [ e.g. 
  here 's information about king 's college hospital 's chapel ] ( https://www.kch.nhs.uk/patientsvisitors/help-and-support/chaplaincy ) , or as an example of a * side-chapel * [ here is the lady chapel at westminster cathedral ] ( http://www.westminstercathedral.org.uk/tour_7.php ) ( not to be confused with westminster abbey ; westminster cathedral is catholic ) - the latter is in use for e.g. 
  marriage ceremonies ( i was married there ) and is open to the public ( bloody tourists took pictures of my wedding ) . 
   plutarco plutarco was born nearly a century after caesar died . 
  it is * at best * a second hand source , and parts of his life of caesar is directly cribbed from de bello gallico , and the work also draws heavily on suetonious . 
  most likely most of it is at best a 3rd hand source . 
  dione cassio was born more than another century later . 
  he further wrote in greek , so any works he has quoted will have suffered accordingly in terms of accuracy . 
  at best a 2nd hand source . 
  historia romana by appiano of alessandria was completed somewhere between 150 and 200 years after the death of caesar , and the books covering gaul are not currently extant in their entirety , but as reconstructions based on multiple medieval copies . 
  as such we do n't even know if we have an accurate copy of it . 
  of his volumes on the gallic wars , only about 4 pages survive , large segments of which are * quotes * in a different work . 
  as such , * best case * some of it is 2nd hand sources , while large parts of the remaining fragments are 3rd hand or more . 
  lucio floro 's work is not an academic work even by the standards of the time , and he was born well over a century after the death of caesar . 
  his work is at best as 2nd hand source , but there is little indication of primary sources at all as far as i am aware . 
  in all instances here , i 've assumed accurate copies , which is not a safe assumption - in most cases these should be treated as having passed through more people , which they did . 
  i 've also made the most lenient interpretation possible of how many steps removed the works are from the events . 
  none of these were primary sources even assuming we have an accurate copy . 
  some of them * may * contain secondary sources , though it is prudent to assume of most of them that the information does n't even come from 3rd hand sources . 
  there are all perfect examples of the point made by / u/phhhhuh, 
   drawings with maybe a couple of lines of text about mithology ? 
  let 's make a tv-series about it !, 
  if you want to make an argument that there 's been exaggeration , then make that argument . 
  it 'd be one many people would agree with . 
  a lot of aspects of the popular stereotype of the vikings is pure fabrication . 
  a lot of it stems from the rise of national-romanticism , that saw the viking era dragged out as part of nation-building . 
  but that is very different from the claims you made , which show just as deep an ignorance about the era as what you are criticising . 
  much more importantly , [ vikings tagged the hagia sophia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/runic_inscriptions_in_hagia_sophia ) , 
  the [ total number of speakers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_languages_by_total_number_of_speakers ) of english may very well be higher than total number of mandarin speakers by now , but i do n't think there 's any evidence it is * anywhere * near a majority of humans . 
  it 's complicated because english is one of very few languages that is spoken more by people for whom it is a foreign language than for primary-language speakers , and as a result the total number becomes a matter of judging what it means to know english , but i 've not seen any estimates that implies english is spoken by a majority of the worlds population . 
  it 's easy to get an inflated idea of the importance of english globally because most english speakers wo n't often get into contact with people with absolutely no english skills for the simple reason that most people with few to no language skills beyond their native language will be people who lack these skills because they and people around them rarely travel to places where such skills would matter . 
  on top of that , people often jump to conclusions about language skills based on common examples . 
  we often see places like india as english-speaking because the indian english accent is a common stereotype , but only about 12 % of indians self-reported knowing english at all in the 2001 census ( vs. 551m hindi speakers and 91m bengali speakers ) . 
  but the non-english speakers are vastly less likely to move to countries where they 'd need english . 
  well , my local kebab shop does sell adana kebabs , and do offer bbq sauce as one of the options for it , so i guess i 'll have to check how well it works . 
  for science . 
  my part of london only has 7 kebab shops that sell adana kebabs within a 1 mile radius . . 
  i can assure you we have more than 7 street corners . 
  * huffs in mock outrage *, 
  i 'm not upset about it ; more bemused because you seemed to try to make an argument over something i did n't claim . 
  though i still think you miss the mark . 
  large parts of london * are * oppressively humid a lot of the time . 
  the average is n't particularly high , partly because the weather varies quite drastically based on changes in wind direction and strength , and partly because the low elevation areas that are bad , are surrounded by less populated areas that pull the average substantially down . 
  the average for where i am in london is 65 % ; right now it 's at 81 % . 
  it 's been well over 90 % at least once over the last few days . 
  why is n't the media covering this story ? 
   is it in any big city ? 
  nope . 
  so you agree it 's a meaningless measure to bring up to make a point about the humidity i experience in london then . 
   because you were in a dry climate probably , that was exactly my point with mentioning it . 
  but palo alto , california is one of them . 
  average humidity for july , which was one of the months i 've been there : 67 % . 
  shows you just how useless it is to go by humidity averages for any area with [ significant differences in topography ] ( https://encrypted.google.com/maps/place/palo+alto,+ca/@37.3584239,-122.1984021,12.29z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x808fb07b9dba1c39:0xe1ff55235f576cf!8m2!3d37.4418834!4d-122.1430195!5m1!1e4?hl=en ) . 
   some places in southern and south eastern europe have about the same or even higher humidity than london and much higher temperatures . 
  london is not bad at all . 
  not even close . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty . 
  i pointed out in my original comment that i believe there are plenty elsewhere that are similarly bad , so i do n't know what you 're trying to argue against . 
  the point is not that london is the worst ever - i was explaining why generalising these things is pointless , and why london is as bad as it is . 
  you 're the one that 's trying to turn it into some silly competition . 
  which would be fine if the heat and humidity was uniform across town , but it is not , and when it is windy , but it often is n't . 
  the humidity varies greatly depending on whether you 're down in the worst pockets or up towards the outskirts , and the air often stands still , giving you pockets that feel much hotter . 
  i 'm in london right now , it 's in the 20 's and we have two aircon units running full blast because it was unbearable to me earlier this evening , largely due to moisture . 
  the frequency we need to empty water from the aircon units is ridiculous . 
  meanwhile i 've walked out in my suit jacket in 40 degrees elsewhere and not found it particularly hot . 
  i 've experienced  = 30 degrees in oslo many times . 
  people make the assumption because the uk has a reputation for rain . 
  but generalising across whole countries does n't work anyway . 
  i 'm in london , and london gets awful for me even at around 25c a lot of the time , while i 've done just fine in 40c + elsewhere . 
  travel 45m to the south coast and the same temperatures feels far more pleasant most places - some places because of lower air humidity and other places simply thanks to more wind making the air humidity bearable . 
  london gets bad because it sits on former marsh-land nestled between the chiltern hills and the surrey hills/north downs , with the south downs acting as a further barrier to the south . 
  those elevated ridges means london is basically sitting there collecting moisture like a damn pressure cooker when conditions are right , while slowing air flows a lot of the time . 
  things can get awful at pretty much any temperature with conditions like that , depending on wind direction . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of places which similarly trap moisture and stop wind around the mediterranean too ( and i 'd rather not experience them ) , but many coastal areas also feel a lot better when it 's warm simply by having better odds of being exposed enough to get more wind passing through . 
  personally i find local conditions like that make for a bigger difference in how comfortable the weather feels than absolute levels of heat and humidity . 
  it 's a trial . 
  the arc de triomphe is really there to celebrate those who have entered it and left alive . 
  i noted elsewhere that the article seems to think this is a directive , but the text says it 's a regulation , but in neither case do the member state legislatives have a choice . 
  once it becomes eu law , if passes as a regulation it is binding and not for the member state parliaments to decide on . 
  if it passes as a directive , then they are obligated under the eu treaties to pass a law that is compliant with the directive . 
  they can delay it , and quibble over details , but if they do n't pass one they 're in breach of treaty . 
  you are right in the sense that it does not always go back to the member states , but the main point i wanted to make , and perhaps should have been more explicit about , is that a first vote in parliament does not instantly create binding law . 
  that is true for both regulations and directives , though you 're right about the fairly substantial distinction . 
  my argument is that even with a directive it makes sense to talk about eu voting to make something binding , because while the eu member states must apply it , it is not optional . 
  ignoring special legislative processes for simplicity , under the ordinary legislative procedure , after the eu parliament has voted , the council either approves it or sends it back . 
  in the latter case conciliation etc. 
  complicates matter , but in neither case does the approval by parliament make something immediately binding - it is subject to conciliation . 
  if what is being adopted is a directive , then as you say it also needs to be passed into national law , but the process is compulsory . 
  to me that fully justifies saying they 've voted to make it binding , but to make the distinction that it is * not yet * binding .
