  the first large immigration wave from the balkans came to sweden in the * 60 's * to cover labour shortages . 
  when i grew up ( in norway ) in the 80 's , i very much remember the regular serbo-croatian broadcasts on swedish tv directed at them . 
  if turkey , the state , was sending them , you would in act have an argument . 
  if you have evidence that the turkish state is shipping refugees illegally over the greek border , then go to the media . 
  what people do privately is an entirely different matter , and this is what creates the problem , and the fatal flaw in your argument . 
  how many smart people would take jobs at `` news '' organizations like this ? 
  personally i think a daily hammer to the balls would be less painful . 
  the sound of music ii, 
  a lot of names involving saints , though , just not as cities . 
  st. olav / st. olaf occurs all over norway . 
  st hanshaugen is a borough of oslo . 
  if you do n't believe discrimination ever happens , that 's your choice . 
  there you took one item on a list and tried to blow it up to a major issue to obscure the overall agreement . 
  when one minor example becomes a `` narrative '' , that says it all . 
  where did i suggest any such thing ? 
  what i did was point out that there 's no sudden point where we now suddenly have sexual harassment where we did n't before . 
  the `` native '' populations of europe certain have carried out plenty of sexual harassment all of their own . 
  the abolition of such carriages in the uk also did not have anything to do with changes to levels of sexual harassment in the uk , but with legislation that prevented discrimination by gender . 
  `` 2nd and 3rd generation immigrant '' is a contradiction in terms . 
  there are reason to look at people with immigrant background for statistics , and statistics is available for those groups too , but they are also very distinct . 
  many of the factors that contribute to higher costs for parts of the immigrant population , such as higher number of children , does not apply to these groups ( birth rates revert to the median typically within one generation ) . 
  the papers in question are explicitly considering immigrants based on where they were born . 
  their citizenship is irrelevant to the analysis . 
  the papers are available [ here ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/ecoj.2014.124.issue-580/issuetoc ) - unfortunately only a one is freely accessible unless you have access via a university library ; the prices for the rest are rather extortionate as usual . 
  i did not claim that stand your ground laws are the cause of the high levels of violence in the us , but they are an example of an overall culture . 
  there is reasonable evidence indicating that they may be driving up homicide levels quite substantially , but the numbers are full of confounding factors so it 's hard to say exactly what the effect is , but they are in any case certainly not the only , or even main cause . 
  basically in us states that recognise `` stand your ground '' or the `` castle doctrine '' , the principle is pretty much that if an intruder enters your home ( and in some cases other areas ) , and you feel a honest and reasonable threat to your person , you have pretty much free hands to decide how to stop them , including with lethal force , with no duty to first seek to flee or otherwise seek to minimize the response , and no principle of proportionality . 
  if you catch someone crawling in your window , and you think they 'll attack you , in principle in most of these jurisdictions you can shoot - often without being required to give a warning , or even think that they are armed or even that they know you are there , as long as you fear they are a threat to you . 
  the big difference is that while swedish law does have the element of not requiring you to attempt to flee or withdraw , it still requires that the response not be `` blatantly unjustifiable '' ( while it is still perceived threat that matters in most cases ) . 
  you 'd be hard pressed to justify use of lethal force against an unarmed intruder in sweden , for example , unless they have at least made threatening moves and given you reason to believe you have no other reasonable choice . 
  if you can effectively remove the threat by closing and locking a solid door between you and the intruder while calling the police , you better have a good explanation for how you were too panicked to consider that option before you shoot them in the face without warning without even knowing if they 're armed . 
  the requirement of a proportional response sets it apart from us jurisdictions that in some cases even explicitly lists less serious crimes as justification for legal force . 
  michigan for example [ allows lethal force to stop imminent sexual * assault * ( not `` just '' rape , but any sexual assault ) on yourself or another person ] ( http://www.legislature.mi.gov/\\ ( s ( u1lvmfysqutgto52lx20bo0m \\ ) \\ ) / mileg.aspx?page = getobject & objectname = mcl-780-972 ) . 
  i do n't know why you believe i was trying to contradict you . 
  maybe this should be a fucking hint to indicate to you that i was n't disagreeing :  interesting how you just concede to my points . 
  hint : when someone expresses agreement with something you say , is is not called `` conceding '' , it is called `` agreeing '' . 
  and should perhaps be a hint to you that what follows is not an attempt at proving you wrong on that point . 
  all i did was pointing out that it gets more nuanced when look at different subsets , which you clearly also agree with , given this :  which groups do well and contribute ? 
  i know a few , and nobody really has an issue with them so they really arent who we are talking about now are they ? 
  not in a good mood today , are we ? 
   sorry but you need to construct a cogent narrative before you actually try to debate ideas . 
    just for people like you i will be posting this comments section every time diversity strikes again in europe . 
  this is the first time i 've had someone try to insult me because i happened to agree with them on something . 
  i 'm tempted to print this out and frame it for the sheer entertainment value . 
  this is an average over the population . 
  normally you should expect the working age population to pay in enough in taxes to offset the care for children and the elderly . 
  when that does n't happen , it means you 're taking on debt . 
  so yes , children and the elderly ( and unemployed ) are the most immediate direct reasons , but the underlying reason is the economic downturn and this affects migrants too , in that they are often the first to get hit when it comes to unemployment and softening salaries , which is why it 's important to look at relative numbers rather than looking at whether individual groups are net contributors in absolute terms in the short term . 
   well you need to first acknowledge differences between groups . 
  i have no assurance that you 'll even do that . 
  provide some citations supporting your implication that diversity makes a difference to the effectiveness of the current european prisons systems , then we can have a conversation . 
  until then there is nothing more for me to address . 
   the official statistics only accounts for about half of the immigrants , at least in case of estonia . 
  for the uk , the census data matches up well with the estimates given . 
  there 's certainly no justification for assuming they are anywhere remotely near that much off . 
   edit . 
  also , it should be expected that only such immigration be tolerated that would benefit the local natives - which means that eu immigrants scoring better than the local uk natives is exactly what should be expected . 
  no , that should not be expected because these numbers include all migration , including people let on on humanitarian grounds , and many of these are amongst the most expensive migrants overall with complex needs and low participation in the employment market . 
   i wonder if we soon have to do like japan and have women-only metro carts where they can be safe . 
  the uk used to have women only carriages to protect british women against british men . 
  sexual harassment is not a new thing by any means . 
  i know of no evidence from anywhere that indicates that leniency in sentencing only works for certain groups . 
  i 'd love to see it . 
  leniency is also ** not ** based on people caring for the common good , but on well established psychological understanding of how people respond to punishment . 
  basically harsh punishment in general - whether it is criminals or children throwing tantrums - works extremely poorly , and in fact is often totally counter-productive because it triggers the wrong psychological rewards . 
  treat people like shit without offering up means of gaining positive attention and pushing them into it , and they 'll seek out more of the same , because attention is one of the strongest psychological needs a human has - if the only attention you dish out is negative , you are reinforcing the patterns you want to get rid of . 
  note that this article points out that during the period of the report , the uk-born population itself was also a black hole ( though not as big as non-european immigrants ) :  the native population made a negative contribution in 12 years during the period , running to # 591 billion in total , as the british economy ran at a deficit . 
  to get a more realistic idea of cost , it 's important to take this into account and look at relative cost levels ... 
  it depends greatly on which groups . 
  refugees tends to need more welfare . 
  groups that are discriminated against tends to need more welfare . 
  education levels , culture , languages etc. 
  all play in drastically . 
  for some groups , yes , that means they are beneficial because you get them when they 're in their prime , without having to pay directly or through subsidies / reduced taxes / reduced income for the parents etc. 
  for schooling and child-rearing . 
  for others it may mean they might come in anywhere from break-even to being a big cost . 
  he is writing about burglaries , and suggesting they should be allowed to respond with force . 
  most places you can respond with proportional force if you are * personally * threatened . 
  if you are fearing for your life , then yes , lethal force * may * be proportional most places , assuming you do n't have other reasonable ways of stopping the person in question . 
  but if you start killing burglars that are n't actually attacking you , you 'll likewise certainly end up with a murder charge most places . 
  having `` stand your ground '' laws is incredibly problematic because it gives people an incentive to escalate , and so gives criminals that otherwise would n't arm themselves a strong incentive to arm themselves . 
  those laws are a great example of how the entire us culture around crime encourages continued escalation to high levels of violence . 
  here 's [ ibrowse for the amiga ] ( http://www.ibrowse-dev.net/ ) , last release in 2006 . 
  last news update : 2016 ... ( yes , a very few people are still using it , though i doubt anyone uses it as their only browser ; though we are talking amiga users , and there are a number of other rather `` dated '' amiga browsers that are still being updated and used ... ), 
  which is correct right now , i have no idea , but since these things tends to depend a great deal on share price and currencies , they can swing back and forth massively even on a day to day basis . 
  the two appears to have fortunes that are quite close in size , so swings based on quarterly revenue of their companies , or even day to day news , can be massive . 
  but forbes list of billionaires for 2015 , lists liliane bettencourt as the 10th richest person in the world , and the richest in europe after amancio ortega . 
  in 2014 , neither bettencourt or arnault made the top 10 . 
  in 2013 , bettencourt got in at 9th with arnault in 10th place . 
  in 2012 , meanwhile , they listed arnault at 4th , as the richest person in europe , and bettencourt was nowhere to be found . 
   guess $ 60 + billion could increase some salaries or working conditions here and there . 
  as much as i sympathise with that view , consider that this wealth is probably mainly shareholdings , not cash . 
  the actual cash or cash-equivalents that he 'd be able to distribute to increase salaries etc. 
  would be * far * lower . 
  iceland is 330,000 people , and massive natural resources in fisheries , mining ( aluminium in particular ) relative to the size of the population . 
  they 've if anything been in a similar position to norway when it comes to being resource rich . 
  there 's no real benefit to the norwegian deal for norway either . 
  basically the eea membership was pushed through because it let us have the illusion of sovereignty , and because the parties supporting it were able to justify not having to change the constitution to allow eea membership , and thus could justify avoiding another referendum as well as avoiding the tedious process of a constitutional change , allowing them to push it through as a `` consolation price '' when the membership bid failed to pass the referendum . 
  very few * preferred * the eea alternative . 
  this is a ranking of `` best financial centre '' .
