   `` we 're all gon na get raped by muslims '' - circlejerk !, 
  i sometimes get the feeling on here that a lot of people here actually have a repressed fantasy about being raped by muslims . 
  . . and the blame for that fits squarely with the employers . 
  those lazy bulgarians did n't even follow through . 
  assholes left the uk tabloid press all alone , desperately seeking bulgarian rapist hordes to interview and the lazy bulgarians did n't even bother getting on the plane to london . 
  that tells you everything does n't it ? 
  nothing preventing them from being both intentionally misleading * and * dumb and ignorant . 
  but i figure i 'll give them the benefit of doubt . 
   who would have tought that !, 
  you 'd think it would n't be surprising , but it appears to be , given that a lot of people refuse to believe it even when you show them the numbers . 
  i guess it 's mostly kids that do n't realise how much terror europe has been through . 
  just look at the downvotes . . 
  the amount of racists on this sub that likes to pretend all terrorism is muslim is quite high . 
  if they 're going to get anywhere , their best bet would be to recruit europeans . 
  they 're still nowhere near the death tolls of e.g. 
  eta , ira , uvf and raf , just to take a few three letter acronyms . 
  edit : ... nor is it very pleasant to be reminded that the vast majority of terrorism in europe has been carried out by white , mostly christian , europeans ... 
  i 'm sure they will be willing to consider that if the uk pays them reparations with interest for all the cities the british empire looted and burned first . 
  the foreign aid they 've received since would be pocket change in comparison . 
  a substantial portion of the benin bronzes which were looted during a punitive expediton ( because , you know , they dared resist the previous british invasion force ; how dared they ? ), 
  that invaded , looted and burned benin city to the ground are still being held at the british museum ( the largest collection of stolen goods in the world , as some like to call it ) and many more were sold off and the money of course kept by the uk . 
  the several thousand benin bronzes alone are today worth hundreds of millions of pounds . 
  care to enlighten us , since you know where the juicy stuff is ? 
  which is why i also pointed out that it 's expected to continue over the next several decades . 
  at its current growth , nigeria will be in the top 10 by gdp within a couple of decades at most . 
  top 20 within the next 2-5 years . 
  have you read the european human rights conventions ? 
  or the human rights act ? 
  because they do actually fit their names . 
  if anything , they 're not providing * enough * protections . 
  good thing it is cleaning itself up rapidly . 
  africa has several of the worlds fastest growing economies . 
  nigeria 's gdp * per capita * has tripled in the last decade alone and is expected to have the highest average gdp growth in the world over the next several decades . 
  they 'll have to really shape up then , as they 're not even close to breaking into the top 50 causes of death . 
  seems they 're a bunch of lazy amateurs . 
  edit : ah , yes , it does n't fit the xenophobia to point out how few actually die due to terror . 
  i do n't know if you 're being intentionally misleading or not . 
  the healthcare and social care * paid for over the central government budget * indeed will add up to ~ 280billion for those years if maintained at current levels . 
  however that excludes more than 400 billion from the central government in social support for the sick and disabled over the same period , for example , and also excludes hundreds of billions * per year * covered over local government budgets . 
  healthcare and social care alone is not particularly large budget post in the central government budget simply because it is very narrowly construed . 
   if you have , then you would know that it is literally impossible if a ) the other side know everything why do you think the other side would know the negotiating position of the governments involved just because the negotiations themselves are carried out in public ? 
  i have not seen anyone suggest that the private deliberations of the government involved should be publicly available . 
  even those most in favour of openness tends to at most want public access to information about the meetings the parties conduct . 
  in other words : the same things as the opposing side already has access to because we 've told them . 
  in the meetings we 'd like access to transcripts or recordings from . 
   yes , your point stands , and it is a good one , that proposals were released in stages for comment . 
  they were then discussed privately and a new agreement or set of proposals was reached . 
  this is an effective blend . 
  this held for the early conferences . 
  most of the san francisco deliberations were conducted in sessions open to the press to record and report on . 
  the nbc archives i referred to contains a variety of recordings of both plenary sessions and committee meetings . 
  the specific instances referred to in that link are primarily unedited recordings , while there exists at least one other set covering largely the same meetings that are broadcast recordings including commentary by nbc reporters . 
  edit : got to love getting downvoted for making factual statements . 
   united nations charter i do n't have time to factcheck your claims for all of these , so lets look at the un charter . 
  the first proposal for a charter was put forward as a result of the dumbarton oaks conference and subsequent negotiations over a 3 month period up until october 1944 . 
  at this point the proposal was openly published for anyone to read :  the dumbarton oaks proposals were fully discussed throughout the allied countries . 
  the british government issued a detailed commentary , and in the united states , the department of state distributed 1,900,000 copies of the text and arranged for speakers , radio programs and motion picture films to explain the proposals . 
  comments and constructive criticisms came from several governments , e.g. , australia , belgium , canada , czechoslovakia , france , the netherlands , new zealand , norway , poland , the union of south africa , the ussr , the united kingdom and the united states . 
  then , in february 1945 , after a more than 4 month long period where comments were solicited , sticking points related to the voting procedure were discussed at the yalta conference , after which a statement was released explaining what that a tentative agreement had been reached subject to consultations with china and the provisional government of france and announcing the april conference in san francisco . 
  march 5th 1945 the voting proposal was publicly released after it had been first presented to the governments of china and france , leaving a month for public study and comment on a very small document . 
  in the meantime , in february and march the union of american republics held a meeting in mexico that publicly issued a resolution suggesting changes to the charter proposal . 
  in april 1945 , the british commonwealth conference discussed the proposals and issued a public resolution expressing general agreement with the issued proposals . 
  then a committee of jurists were convened with representatives of 44 countries to draw up proposals for an international court . 
  the proceedings were published publicly the same year . 
  separately , china the uk and the us agreed to certain chinese proposals , and obtained the support of the ussr to present these proposals to the san francisco conference . 
  the san francisco conference then ran from april through june 1945 , and a number of documents were publicly released during or immediately afterwards . 
  in addition to this , covering the work of the 850 delegates ( and a couple of thousand staff ) were ** 2500 representatives of the press ** . 
  [ here is information on an archive of the recordings made by the nbc ] ( http://www.oac.cdlib.org/findaid/ark:/13030/tf2f59n5jz/ ) the complete proceedings of the conference - all * 15 volumes of them * where printed and published in 1945 and publicly available as soon as possible . 
  june 25th the agreed proposal was signed , after which the states involved spent 4 months passing the proposals through their national legislatures before the charter came into force on deposit of the signatures of the us , uk , france , china , france and 24 further nations . 
  the majority of countries worldwide ratified the charter slowly over time . 
  the signed proposals had substantial changes from the dumbarton oaks proposal , but the public had been able to regularly follow the changes for 8 months prior to the signature , and then had further months to discuss the signed proposal prior to ratification . 
  while of course there will have been private discussions on specific points , in terms of openness the negotiations over the united nations charter is the total polar opposite of ttip . 
  it to this day remains one of the largest open political conferences the world has seen , with a lot of effort going to ensure public knowledge of the proposals months before the final negotiations , and incredible amounts of public reporting . 
  so why was it on your list ? 
  do you consider the above to be lack of transparency ? 
  or perhaps you did n't check , but just made assumptions ? 
  do we have any reason to trust the rest of your list ? 
  yes . 
  i 've looked briely for the history of the term and not found any explanation . 
  it 's particularly odd that port-wine was used over `` red-wine '' for example , given that port can be red/purple , brown or `` white '' , which presumably whomever named port-wine stains was n't aware of or chose to ignore . 
   but i think it would be really strange to not use `` one '' in that sentence because you 're trying to draw attention to the number and `` a '' does n't really do that . 
  if you say `` i do n't have * a * child , i have two '' you are drawing attention to their wording rather than the number , in a `` why are you assuming i would have just one ? '', 
  way . 
  otherwise i agree that it 'd be unnatural in most situations , though there are questions that would make it a natural answer , typically drawing attention to a flawed assumption ( so about the wording/assumption rather than the number ) . 
  `` where 's your child ? '', 
  `` i do n't have a child '' . 
  in this case you could use plural and answer `` i do n't have any children , '' but it will often be natural to use singular if the question was singular . 
   does `` a '' really mean `` one '' ? 
  sort of , but no . 
  if i say `` i have a car '' , i am actually saying that i have at least one car without being specific about whether i * only * have one , or if i have more . 
  `` i have a car '' is more precisely `` the set of cars i own has at least one member '' . 
   in addition , if you have two children , you have one child as well so if you do not have one child , you can not have any number above it because these numbers include having one child . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  the difference lies in whether you are being precise about the number , or not . 
  in english whether or not a number is precise depends on context and precise wording . 
  if i have two children , then saying `` i do n't have one child , i have two children , '' is perfectly correct . 
  in this case i am saying `` the total number of children i have is not one , but two '' . 
  when you specify a number in this way you are generally talking about a total count . 
  meanwhile `` i do n't have a child '' on its own would generally come across as incorrect . 
  in this case i am likely saying `` the set of children i have is empty . '',
