  all we can do is seek to maximise it . 
   as john locke said , what you create is part of you , and therefore you have a natural ownership to it . 
  as long as private property exists , then there are property rights . 
  otherwise are you fine with people stealing your stuff ? 
  see above . 
  same argument in general applies , to an extent . 
  if you consume huge resources while creating something , then at some point , enforcing your control over the result may reduce others liberty more than it increases yours . 
  where that point lies may be hard to determine , but it is there . 
   do you have freedom to roam into the norwegian prime minister 's office at 3am ? 
  if not , then according to you , your liberty is reduced . 
  of course not . 
  and yes , it reduces my liberty . 
  but the reduction of my liberty in removing a small space from what i can access is less of an infringement on my liberty than taking away another persons safety and privacy would infringe on theirs . 
  even so , the freedom to roam certainly does not go as far as the typical left libertarian or anarchist would want , but i do n't know any that would argue that access should extent to someones office . 
  i do , however , e.g. 
  have the right to walk around large parts of the royal family 's estate , for example ( have done ) . 
  not their garden or the immediate surroundings of their house , but the fields and forests around it are covered . 
  because liberty applies to people , so maximising liberty is entirely about individualism . 
  that idea was something right-libertarianism inherited from left-libertarianism . 
   it is n't about restricting other 's access to it , it 's about protecting the individuals right to his own property . 
  that 's all nice , except as proudhon pointed out , in a world where our land is a scarce resource , any border you draw up to `` protect '' yours , restricts others . 
  in many countries this has been a recognised principle since pre-historic time . 
  the nordic countries have the `` freedom to roam '' which guarantees a right of access even to privately held land ( e.g. 
  in norway you can for example walk through any private forest without asking permission , and preventing you from doing so is illegal ) , on the basis that property rights reduce liberty , and so should not be more extensive than necessary . 
  ( edit : and so , as a norwegian , it was a shock to me how boxed in i felt when moving to the uk , where parks frequently have fences and gets locked up , and where , while there is now a very limited freedom to roam here too , there was none when i moved here - nobody can ever convince me that property rights do not deprive us of liberty after that feeling ) if your goal is to maximise liberty , the only logical recourse is to aim to limit private property to that point where reducing it further takes away more liberty than it creates . 
  there is plenty of room to disagree about where that line is , but any ideology that does not explicitly at least consider the impact of property restrictions on liberty can not reasonably be said to aim to maximise liberty . 
  libertarianism was invented by a french anarcho-communist named joseph d\u00e9jacque . 
  the american right wing did n't co-opt it until almost a century later . 
  ( bastiat was a classical liberal , not libertarian ), 
  the person who invented libertarianism , joseph d\u00e9jacque , was an anarchist . 
  right-wing libertarianism ! = anarchism . 
  left-wing libertarianism can be ( though does n't have to be ), 
   this is n't the same as anarchism which , in general , just advocates for the destruction of the state . 
  libertarianism was first coined by an anarcho-communist - joseph d\u00e9jacque - in the 1870 's . 
  while right wing libertarianism is similar , it is is much newer , and distinguishes itself from left-wing libertarianism by seeing property rights as essential , and that is a large part of the reason why right-libertarians see the state as necessary . 
  joseph d\u00e9jacque on the other hand , criticised proudhon - of `` property is theft '' fame - for not going far enough . 
  a basis of left libertarianism is that strict enforcement of property rights can not be compatible with maximising freedom , as any property right deprives others of access , and must thus be minimised to maximise freedom , with the caveat of weighing it up against the impact it has on the individual ( e.g. 
  property rights over personal effects and where you live would provide you more freedom than it deprives others of ) . 
  while a weak state might not be directly incompatible with left-libertarianism , some forms of left libertarianism , like left communism come from the marxist school of seeing the only purpose of the state as a tool of class oppression , and as such at most acceptable as a short term tool ( this is the fundamental schism between marxist ideologies and anarchist ideologies - marxism seems using the state to bring about a transformation of society as acceptable , and the `` whithering away of the state '' as a consequence of that transformation , while anarachists generally do n't see it as acceptable to make use of th state ) , as if the state is allowed to persist it is seen as inevitably leading to the deprivation of liberty . 
  right libertarianism is basically left libertarianism + the threat of force to restrict others access to property . 
  they do n't call it the greek way for nothing . 
  we 're talking about different world wars , and i actually had forgotten entirely that germany has a * habit * of invading belgium to get to france . 
  which makes that large gaping gap in the french defenses at the start of wwii even more idiotic . 
  possibly . 
  in any case we agree that belgium was hardly an obstacle compared to attacking directly . 
  and to the point of the person i originally replied to : had belgium not been there , it 'd have been more difficult , not less , as in that case that part of the french border would likely had been as fortified as the rest . 
  france basically made belgium an extra-attractive route on the assumption they 'd be dealing with a somewhat sane opponent that 'd be unwilling to attack a third party to get to them ... 
  trying this on google.co.uk : why is germany ... * so rich * stockpiling food * head of eu * preparing for war . 
  uhm ... 
  belgium was picked as the easy route . 
  it let the germans just bypass the heavily fortified maginot line . 
  well , this * is * the internet , so it could be , but no i do n't think the author actually believes it . 
  it 's an old joke page that claims that belgium is an imaginary country , and that belgians are really kidnapped people from all over the world that have been brainwashed and placed in a large underground complex under eurodisney where you live out your life in a vr system . 
  if it is blocked in belgium is just perfect - clearly they are afraid you 'll begin to suspect the truth . 
  you can equally point back and the molotov-ribbentrop pact and rightly point out that the state of poland at the time of the soviet invasion was irrelevant given that they signed up to the destruction of poland and so we culpable for the state of affairs they using as an excuse ( as i did point out ) . 
  but the point is that it is that outcome which is what is providing the ( razor thin and idiotic ) justification for this excuse . 
  i 'm not suggesting it 's a * good * excuse - it is not . 
  they 've just latched on to the only thing they could . 
  the nazi 's did actually go extremely far in picking poland apart to the point where it did n't really exist in a meaningful legal , economic or political sense . 
  unlike most of the other countries they invaded , where they usually installed puppet regimes and the like that carried forward the preceding state apparatus , the part of poland the nazis invaded were split - parts were attached to germany , the other part was put under a nazi administration ( the `` general government '' ) that did not recognise the preceding polish state , the polish language or the existence of polish people . 
  they basically to a large extent pretended that poland had never existed as an entity , and planned on exterminating most of the population . 
  so from that point of view you can see why some russians might try to make that argument . 
  it would have been a somewhat more plausible argument , however , if not for the fact that the soviet government had participated in carving up poland with hitler in advance and so were part culpable in enabling the dismantling of the polish state . 
  and if they had n't largely shared hitler 's goal of utterly destroying the very idea of poland as a country . 
  `` romania '' comes from `` romanus '' - `` citizen of rome '' . 
  during roman rule , parts of present day romania saw a massive influx of settlers from elsewhere in the roman empire , as well as hosted large amounts of roman military , all bringing with them latin . 
   people who smoke weed regularly are oftentimes the most irritating , pathetic people on the planet and it should be taboo . 
  not nearly as irritating and pathetic as people who want to control what other people do with their bodies . 
   but marriage is a religious bond with one purpose - children . 
  marriage as an institution predates our currently dominant religions , and it took several hundred years before the christian church started to interfere and shape and take responsibility for religious aspects of marriage . 
  so no . 
  marriage has a much longer history as a civil bond , and often part property transaction ( determining inheritance ; passing dowry ) . 
   if poland wants to say `` no '' it does n't make them backwards . 
  given that more of the world is moving towards acceptance of it than are moving the other direction , yes , it actually does make them backwards . 
  most countries make various exceptions for guards of foreigns vips . 
  more like 50 depending on which western country you are talking about . 
  misses the point . 
  none of them were just because they 're awful , but because they 're awful * and * actively opposing us interests . 
  [ franquins take ] ( http://clementina.skyrock.com/150978782-les-idees-noires-de-franquin.html ) my french is shitty , but to paraphrase the dialogue : `` the law is clear : anyone who on purpose kills another will lose their head . 
  let the executioner do their job '', 
  i live in london now - it has made me consider all of scandinavia ( and most of england ) rural :d, 
   rural denmark as a norwegian , the idea that there are rural parts of denmark is somehow hilarious to me ( 133 people per km ^ 2 vs. 15.5 people/km ^ 2 in norway ) finmark , the northernmost region of norway , is about the size of denmark , with a density of 1.55 people/km ^ 2 ... edit : downvoted for this ? 
  that 's hilarious - someone clearly has a complex . 
  about ... something . 
  who knows . 
  that pretty much holds true for danish too . 
  in the rest of scandinavia we tend to say that danish is like norwegian or swedish spoken with a potato in your mouth . . 
  possibly , but also english is a west germanic language , and generally the more a local dialect of english retains from older forms of english , the closer it will tend to be to the scandinavian languages . 
  all english speakers in britain used to speak a language much more mutally intelligible to the scandinavian languages ( and dutch and german ) e.g. 
  scots for example ( that `` split off '' from middle english ) retains a lot of words that are much closer to danish ( and the other scandinavian languages ) than modern english ( e.g. 
  `` kirk '' for church in scots is `` kirke '' in danish ; or `` bairn '' for child is `` barn '' in danish ), 
  you miss the point where sarkozy * wants * to change the treaties , and brexit simply is a convenient excuse and potentially avoiding it helps provide an argument for the changes he wants either way . 
  sorry i misread that as you asking why . 
  how : state sponsored terrorism , the most blatant being extensive support for hezbollah during a long running terror campaign against western targets in lebanon and elsewhere , including e.g. 
  a number of bombings of us embassies . 
  another being extensive support for forces attacking the us in iraq . 
  the current regime is the result of a revolution overthrowing the shah . 
  the shah was heavily propped up by the west . 
  basically , we 're meddling in places like saudi arabia today to deal with the blowback from all the meddling we did elsewhere earlier . 
  so in a few decades , look forward to us meddling somewhere else again , to deal with the blowback from todays meddling .
