  you could n't have shown most of todays music videos on tv in half of europe as late as the 80 's without causing demonstrations and uproar over moral decay , for example . 
  the idea that a slowly growing sub-group in society will be able to suddenly slam the brakes on that and dictate culture seems incredibly defeatist to me . 
   these are the people like friends of friends i heard about ah , yes , the mythical `` friends of friends '' . 
  i do n't doubt that there are criminal assholes amongst immigrants as there are amongst the rest of the population . 
  of course there are . 
  but i find heart in the fact that it ca n't be all that bad when i pretty much only get stories about `` friends of friends '' rather than first hand accounts . 
  most of the refugee waves europe have dealt with predates both schengen and the dublin treaties , and yet we still managed just fine . 
  i do n't have any specific reports handy , but statistics norway ( ssb.no ) publishes detailed numbers , and their main portal page for immigration related statistics [ is here ] ( https://www.ssb.no/innvandring-og-innvandrere/nokkeltall ) though it may be hard to drill down to the relevant data . 
  the key thing to keep in mind there , though is that they often combine `` 1st generation '' ( immigrants ) with people born in norway to immigrant parents `` 2nd generation '' under the same label . 
  when you consider 1st generation alone , ca half arrived from the discovery of oil in the north sea in the late 60 's and until the start of immigration restrictions in the mid 70 's , slowly reducing the number ( from mid 70 's it was mostly `` family reunions '' , e.g. 
  people bringing spouses or children or parent over ) . 
  i will add one caveat : as quite a few pakistanis have also returned to pakistan from norway , it 's possible that the majority of * current * `` 1st generation '' immigrants arrived later ( i have n't tried to find numbers to quantify how much difference that 'd make ) , though the tipping point would still be fairly early , but in terms of net numbers of pakistanis immigrants living in norway , the number have not grown very much the last couple of decades . 
  the majority of people of pakistani * descent * in norway , is more recent `` arrivals '' , though , largely because about half of the population of pakistani descent in norway have been born in norway , and many of them belong to the second or later generation born in norway in recent years . 
  yes , i 'm norwegian . 
  living in the uk , though . 
  and that 's a quite interesting experience : after just a decade and a half spent outside of norway , culture has moved on massively . 
  i often feel like a stranger . 
  and not because of immigrants , but because of traditions even amongst `` ethnic norwegians '' evolving . 
  language changes . 
  changes in food traditions . 
  that to me is part of why i find this fear fascinating in a way : most people have no idea how much they themselves change their countries over the course of even a couple of decades , because they are standing right in the middle of it . 
  they first notice when someone new moves in ... as an example , take the neverending debates over women wearing hijabs , ignoring that as late as in my childhood in the 80 's it was still not uncommon for older women in norway to wear similar headdress , though it was on its way out . 
  notably it was not for religious reasons ( but that is generally also true about hijabs though they are often religiously motivated ) . 
  back then , it would not have raised an eyebrow . 
  as i pointed out with numbers elsewhere in this thread , what a lot of people that are terrified of this development also seem to forget is that this is not * new * . 
  the majority of muslims in norway are immigrants or children of immigrants that arrived decades ago , and that are largely by now well integrated . 
  we 've seen it before . 
  the world did n't end . 
  we 're stronger than that . 
  this is a ludicrous claim given that we 've had refugee crises on a regular basis for many decades without the kind of effect you imagine . 
  no , i 'm not saying people in britain can not complain about policy - do n't put words in my mouth . 
  nor am i suggesting people should return to where they came from . 
  i 'm saying that if people in britain are to use those kinds of arguments they also should consider how their nation came to be , and in deed what has shaped it even over the last century or half century . 
  in that context , the fears are rather idiotic . 
  modern britain has been shaped in part by immigration for hundreds of years . 
  it is not about to fall collapse in on itself because of a little bit more . 
  i find it ironic that these people are so concerned about losing a culture they appear to be certain stands on such weak foundations that they seem to think it can not withstand nearly any external influence . 
  i agree with the first part in principle . 
  but how do you `` act decisively '' in those situations in ways that does not make it worse ? 
  and once the situation has been created , we carry a responsibility . 
  it has nothing to do with altruism , but about responsibility . 
  the humanitarian catastrophe has already happened . 
  it seems europe could benefit from having it unfold closer to home so it 's harder to ignore the suffering . 
  not all of us wants to ignore it . 
   because supplies are limited , the number of potential immigrants less so . 
  europe could subsume the entire syrian population . 
  far poorer countries have handled far larger refugee influx . 
  the only eu country in the top 10 of refugee recipients is incidentally germany ( but of european countries , turkey is housing 3 times as many refugees ) . 
  many of the countries that take the most refugees are countries that are themselves amongst the poorest . 
  lack of supplies is not a viable excuse . 
  if we 're going to use that argument , we should admit that it is greed and selfishness rather than pretend we have it so tough we ca n't afford what countries with tiny fractions of our wealth manages . 
   otherwise you would n't be norway anymore . 
  what norway is now is different from what norway was 20 years ago , is different from what norway was 100 years ago . 
  200 years ago , norway , like most modern european nations , did n't even exist as a nation . 
  national identity is fluid and in constant transition , and furthermore national identity is historically something very new . 
  most of the `` national identity '' of norway is an invention . 
  the languages was synthesised out of regional dialects that varied greatly - often more so than the difference between modern norwegian and swedish or danish . 
  national romanticism gave us most of our `` national '' literature . 
  the viking era stories we treat as ours we really share with sweden , denmark , iceland ... and the uk . . at a minimum ( some things we traditionally ascribe to norwegian vikings predates the viking age and were imported from germanic tribes ) . 
  most of the modern christmas traditions we tend to like to think are ancient ( christmas in norway is `` jul '' , the equivalent to the english `` yule '' , referring to viking age `` jol '' - a norse mid-winter celebration ) are new ( most of our `` traditional '' christmas foods date back 50-100 years at most ) or imports ( the christmas tree ; santa ) . 
  i 'm not saying that to diminish norwegian culture , but to point out that traditions seems old and everlasting when you grow up with them , but in historical context most of them are not very old . 
  i recognise that now more than ever , seeing my son grow up and recognising that the traditions that he is growing up with and will see the same way i see the ones * i * grew up with are already substantally different from the ones i felt were ancient and immutable . 
  the uk is an even better example of the fluidity of national identity . 
  large parts of uk national identity - to the extent it even exists - are effects of immigration and the empire . 
  heck , even the british royal family is mostly immigrants . 
  london in it 's current form would n't have existed without extensive immigration over a century or more . 
  and further , many immigrants to the uk , and london especially , are `` more british than the british '' - being carriers of traditions that are on the way out amongst the `` natives '' . 
  nigerians flock to london , for example , because many of them have parents or grandparents with british passports from colonial times , and while they bring with them many cultural aspects of their own , they also carry back with them notions of the britain of the british empire . 
  you see this e.g. 
  in nigerian parents preferred british universities , which reflects colonial attitudes from half a century ago . 
  ( my ex is nigerian , and spent a substantial proportion of her life first in nigerian boarding schools set up after british model , and then in an oxford based boarding school that 's caused her to speak received pronunciation ... ) . 
  britain in so many ways have embraced this , that it 's hard to picture what britain would have even been like if past generations had let similar worries cause them to reign in immigration . 
  to me that makes fearing further immigration to london quite silly : white british people might be in a minority , but culturally , british born people holding on to british culture still dominate london . 
  the only people who have something to fear are those who see skin colour as a critical criteria . 
  bringing that up is * the * most entertaining way to troll racists . 
  as much as i usually detest merkel : we should all be grateful someone in the eu actually have the balls to do the right thing . 
  i 'm assuming you 're anglo-saxon . 
  perhaps your should remember it 's only `` your '' country because your ancestors took it off the celts . 
  edit : ah , yes , downvotes . . unsprisingly it 's never popular with the anti-immigration crowd when you point out that the uk as it is today basically only exists due to wave after wave of immigration . 
  edit2 : it 's also worth pointing out the reality behind this `` majority is no longer white british '' : the majority of london ( ~ 60 % as of 2012 ) are white european . 
  a solid majority also * are * * british * - on top of the 45 % white british , there are at least another 25 % born in britain of other ethnic groups . 
  the only reason to draw out specifically `` white british '' is to 1 ) appear as some sort of minority under threat , and 2 ) to make it about race rather than integration of recent migrants . 
  top 20 countries of origin or origin of parents in oslo ( including norwegian born children of immigrants ) . 
  which of these is it you consider middle eastern : source : [ ssb - statistics norway ; 2011 ] ( http://www.ssb.no/a/english/kortnavn/innvbef_en/tab-2011-04-28-10-en.html ) pakistan 21 629 somalia 12 248 sweden 12 088 poland 10 430 sri lanka 7 238 iraq 7 100 turkey 6 130 morocco 5 993 vietnam 5 694 iran 5 521 philippines 4 642 india 3 823 denmark 3 377 germany 3 263 afghanistan 2 741 bosnia - herzegovina 2 736 china 2 557 united kingdom 2 535 russia 2 502 kosovo 2 347 that 's 7k iraqis as the only ones in the top 20 . 
  syrians will shoot up the list as there 's a decision to take 8000 refugees from syria , but it will still not be a lot overall . 
  your timeline is also bullshit . 
  the majority of pakistani immigration to norway happened in the 70 's , for example , as did the majority of the vietnamese immigration , and a lot of the other . 
  a lot the people in the list above are adult descendants of the first wave of immigration . 
  edit : to correct myself , the tipping point for pakistani immigrants was 1989 , at which point the number of pakistani immigrants passed 9725 - slightly above half of the number of pakistani immigrants living in norway in 2015 . 
  [ source is statistics norway ] ( https://www.ssb.no/statistikkbanken/selectvarval/define.asp?subjectcode=&amp;productid=&amp;maintable=innvunobakgr2&amp;nvl=&amp;planguage=0&amp;nytmpvar=true&amp;cmssubjectarea=befolkning&amp;kortnavnweb=innvbef&amp;statvariant=&amp;checked=true ) . 
  someone illiterate is not `` average joe '' in syria - syria 's literacy rate was ~ 85 % in 2012 . 
  better than mixing with your parents , clearly . 
   why is it that only germany , sweden , denmark and the uk are considered `` good enough '' to be final destinations what makes you think this is the case ? 
  the refugees who reach calais , for example , number in the low thousands so far this year , vs. 200k for italy and greece . 
  the uk is far down the list of eu nations by number of refugees accepted . 
   what i honestly do n't get is why they 're still considered desperate refugees after that ? 
  why would their desperation stop when entering countries poorly prepared to handle the influx of refugees they deal with , and where many of them do n't speak the language or have any understand of what rights they have or their ability to avoid being returned ? 
  but this is a fair question to ask . 
  now consider why the media opts to focus on the inconvenience to a few rails travellers instead of asking your questions , and asking why europe is unable to handle this refugee crisis in a way that prevents people from thinking it is necessary to risk their life again , while in a safe country , to get to the uk . 
  i 'm an immigrant ( from norway ; white ) married to nigerian woman ( black ) .
