  additional wrench : many people who arrive on fake papers have genuine need of asylum too , but have fake papers because of - sometimes justified , sometimes not - fears of being rejected if they gave their real details . 
  will you punish them for being terrified of being returned where they escaped from ? 
  now , consider if you have identified someone as not a legitimate refugee , and want to send them back ... 
  but their country of origin refuses to accept that they 're their citizens , and refuses to take them . 
  or the fact they tried to flee suddenly gives them a genuine need for asylum . 
  these are just some of the issues that makes dealing with this incredibly hard . 
  because of that , any camp you set up need to be set up with the intent of long term holding for periods of years while you try to find somewhere to return people to if refused . 
  even so , at some point you have to consider whether return is possible . 
  if it is not , and you still keep people locked up , it quickly becomes a human rights issue . 
  if we had perfect knowledge , and every state involved stuck to the rules , then yes , this would be an attractive choice . 
  absent that , the problems involved , even before you try to negotiate a deal with a suitable country , makes it incredibly hard to do it in a way that actually solves any problems . 
  consider that this rapist according to the article admitted that he knows that what he did was wrong , and that what he did hurt the boy . 
  there 's no indication based on the article that he believed that he had the right to do what he did . 
  he made excuses , but that does not appear to have been amongst them ( with the caveat that we of course only have a partial picture ) . 
  that does not mean there are n't cultural issues to address , but at the same time there is so far no evidence to suggest that this case is down to cultural differences rather than the same issues as rapes by locals . 
  british india / indian empire was not the same as modern india . 
  at various times it consisted of present day india , pakistan , burma/myanmar , parts of yemen , parts of somalia ( somaliland ) , most of malaysia , singapore and bangladesh . 
  at the time the uk finally accepted indian independence it consisted of what today is india , pakistan and bangladesh . 
  the uk has 3 times as many muslims as hindus , and buddhists are far down the list . 
  the problem with these statistics in france is that france has extremely strict regulations on gathering statistics about ethnicity and religion . 
  which means everyone makes up numbers that fits their own interests , and some poor academics try to find ways of getting a rough idea of the real numbers . 
  it 's a very misguided attempt at ensuring everyone is treated equally . 
  but by not collecting extensive statistics , the problem is they do n't have the tools to actually measure whether they meet their own goals . 
  but it does let them put their head in the sand . 
  it is often necessary to get that violent : to restrain someone who is being more violent , for example . 
  i 've had to put people in headlock to protects others . 
  the law in most countries also recognise the concept of using proportional force as legitimate if the intent is to prevent harm . 
  making judgement out of context is rarely a good idea . 
  ( to be clear , in this case the context * does * appear to indicate that the older man is genuinely a victim , but the video itself is inconclusive ), 
  so you are saying you reacted like that without knowing * either * sides explanation of the context of the clip ? 
  the video on its own does not tell you which side is in the wrong . 
  edit : ah , yeah , downvotes . 
  how * dare * one suggest critical thinking on / r/europe . 
  i ca n't even blame them either for cases like the above , as annoying as it is when you or someone you know is on the receiving end . 
  the amount of resources involved in tracking down someone from a grainy cctv picture is not insubstantial . 
  then there 'd be the question of determining what actually happened with sufficient certainty to get a conviction . 
  it 'd take a lot of resources , and conviction rates are low . 
  as long as they 're under budget pressure , of course they 'll try to minimize cases like that . 
  ( i still believe it 's essential to make sure to report it - there 's always the chance that it will turn out the same people are involved in a pattern of criminal activity , and that this one extra report will be the final straw ; if everyone avoids reporting stuff , a lot of important information is lost ) . 
  but as a counterpoint to my own story , someone were assaulted near my house about half a year ago , and we called 999 . 
  within 7 minutes of starting the 999 call there were at least 4 police cars with a total of at least 10 officers in place to separate the two , interview them and interview all the witnesses . 
  the difference of course being that in the latter case they had a chance to catch someone in the act , and actually stop a crime , and so they saw the effort as worthwhile . 
  it 's easy to get upset over what they prioritise and what they do n't , but i really do n't envy them that job . 
  i think the reactions are like that because most people who have lived in a major city have seen worse , and have seen worse done by `` natives '' . 
  it 's not an excuse - clearly someone went well over the line here , but it is an anecdote that is editorialised ( despite his claim to to be neutral ) and should be treated with according caution . 
  especially  they 're young strong guys , they should n't be getting violent over hitting on a girl , and they certainly should n't be physically assaulting an old man . 
  while what you say is of course true , and while the story sounds plausible , and it certainly is possible it all went down exactly the way the author says , we only have the posters word for the exact details of how this went down . 
  my ex was attacked on a bus in london in front of witnesses after asking some local kids to turn down their music . 
  it was caught on cctv as well . 
  the police basically told her the same thing , until she pointed out that she was pregnant , is a lawyer , and that she did n't buy their bullshit ( they tried repeatedly to twist it towards a simple assault - basically threatening behaviour - rather than battery ; for someone who is n't a lawyer i suspect it gets very easy to essentially agree with police classifying it as something much less serious ; they were very annoyed when she kept insisting hey put it down as battery ) . 
  if she 'd suffered injuries i 'm sure they 'd have taken it more seriously . 
  basically it was very clear that they expected it to involve a lot of paperwork and not get them anywhere other than making their stats look bad . 
  `` low grade '' hit and run attacks like that are likely to be unpopular with them because identifying anyone off cctv if they do n't have a concrete suspect is going to be a long , drawn out process , and chances of finding anyone are slim , and even if they do , getting a conviction is unlikely , so unless there is police in place by the time they stop , chances are they wo n't do much . 
  i think it is easier to limit these kind of possibilities , certainly , in the sense that some of what the bolsheviks did was founded on lack of access to information . 
  even their initial coup was justified largely by their claim that surely 10 % of the vote was misleading , given that they had support of the petrograd ( st. petersburg ) and moscow soviets . 
  the problem with this , of course , was that the rural areas and petrograd and moscow had very little in common . 
  they were able to hold on to the illusion because getting real information out was a slow process . 
  this also made it vastly easier to smear their political opponents , and limit the spread of information from opponents , while the bolsheviks had spent many years building up distribution channels for their literature etc. . 
  i think the problem with using a meritocratic system for governance is that ultimately you are reducing the number of people who must be corrupted to gain control . 
  term limits could help to some extent . 
  being * extremely * open about selection methods could help . 
  but this at best overcomes the issue of corrupting the process . 
  it does not overcome the problem of identifying a set of criteria that will be seen as legitimate by enough people . 
  there are large schisms in many countries around many issues , such as criminalisation or not of drugs , abortion , gay marriage , religion . 
  these are areas were people have been willing to use violence to get their way . 
  that said , i explicitly do n't think current systems will last forever . 
  but i do n't think reducing public influence will do anything to help . 
  we have the technology to go further , though . 
  we could get some of the benefits people who want meritocracy often want by starting to automate fact-checking for example , and presenting it . 
  we have the technology to allow e.g. 
  realtime weighting of votes based on shifting preferences ( though this would go the other way than meritocracy in some respects , it would also make the intense focus on campaigns less important than delivering day to day if getting a seat does n't guarantee your vote remains worth much when people see how you actually vote ) . 
  we also certainly can push for more meritocracy in areas of policy that becomes non-controversial , so that the sphere of politics is reduced to a smaller core of issues . 
  moving towards systems where politicians set higher level rules might be feasible , but take a lot of attitude change . 
  consider if specifics of legal treatment of drugs was made the domain of medical professionals , and politicians restrained themselves to saying `` drugs which are more than x damaging [ based on some specified metric ] should give a prison sentence ; those that are less than y damaging are legal '' . 
  i think we 're far from that too ( e.g. 
  consider that a few years ago , the leader of the board of experts the uk government had assembled to make recommendations on drugs policy resigned after the uk government basically decided to act counter to most of their recommendations and totally ignore the evidence ) , but in some areas it may be achievable with growing and easier access to information . 
  i do n't believe in a linear movement in a single direction . 
  there will be setbacks , but it is often the setbacks that ultimately lead to forward change . 
  few things motivate revolutions as much as the perception that the current society is not moving in the right direction . 
  but ultimately i believe were are long term heading for more democracy , not less . 
  we may also very well be headed for more merit-based , more technocratic decision making in some areas , but i believe the only way that will work is if it is strictly under democratic control , and that if it works it will work because society in the long term is becoming more liberal , and he more willing we are to accept other opinions than our own , the easier it is to let go and accept policy set based on scientific criteria ( with high level goals set politically ) . 
  i 'm a libertarian marxist - ultimately i believe the state should be entirely dismantled . 
  for that to become possible , society needs to be liberal enough to accept a lot less meddling . 
  you ca n't decentralise decision making like that if it means you go from a national state to hundreds of micro-states with the same complexity as a modern nation state . 
  handing more over to meritocratic technocratic organizations would make that more likely to be feasible . 
  as long as they do not have the power to force decisions on people . 
  a lot of our problems today boils down to too much power at the top . 
  invert the pyramid , and delegate the power in whatever we * do n't care about * to technocrats , and i believe we 'd be a lot better off ( and implicitly i believe there is a lot we * should n't * care about ; lack of appropriate level of delegation is certainly a problem of modern politics ), 
  even if that was true ( it is not ; health ministers in most countries have substantial responsibility for how money is spent within their part of the budget ) , a statistician or accountant would be in a good place to understand the trade-offs required in deciding what treatments to focus on , and that was what i was thinking of . 
  a large proportion of public health policy is understanding things like whether it is better to screen more or less for a given condition : screening more may discover more cases of cancer , for example , but it may also give more false positives . 
  any diagnosis leads to followup , such as biopsies . 
  and while biopsies are mostly safe , there is a risk with any medical procedure , as well as a cost . 
  if the number of false positives is too high , the risks outweigh the benefits , and the distress caused by the diagnosis also poses problems . 
  add to this what impact early detection has on outcomes as a significant factor . 
  as an example of this , early screening for breast cancer has been scaled back drastically in most countries that tried it because it turns out that the few genuine extra cases it catches early are outweighed by the amount of suffering and health consequences caused by false positives , and the early detection in younger women had too little impact on outcomes to outweigh the negatives . 
  this was ** before ** taking into account the benefits possible by using that money elsewhere . 
  being able to make the right tradeoffs in terms of what resources are spent on what treatment options to get the optimal outcomes within a given budget is not a medical skill or administrative skill , but a matter of statistics and accounting . 
   also , would stalinist russia have selected would be candidates for high political office if their views were n't completely in line with bolsjevik doctrine ? 
  if their views were not in line with bolshevik doctrine , by ( their ) definition the candidate did not have merit . 
  see the problem ?
