   `` the swedish government should understand that middle east relations are more complex than a piece of self-assembled ikea furniture , and the matter should be handled with responsibility and sensitivity , '' lieberman said in a statement . 
  this is the diplomatic equivalent of calling the swedish government idiots in public . 
  it 's absolutely incredible to have the israeli foreign minister say this on the record about a reasonably friendly government , and the irony of giving them a kick like this and admonish about `` responsibility and sensitivity '' just demonstrates how childish the israeli government is . 
  it 's hardly going to do them any favours when it comes to holding on to the few friends they have at this stage . 
  if your family has not been permanently resettled , and you have registered a claim to a right of return that is not being granted , then yes , in that case you are a refugee . 
  if your family have permanently resettled elsewhere , and/or you have not claimed a right of return , then no . 
  in terms of palestine , under the strictest possible definition , there are 30,000-50 ,000 original refugees that fled during 1946-1948 . 
  however , 1.4 million people still * live in refugee camps * administered by the unrwa and have not resettled under any reasonable definition , as no suitable resettlement options have been found or are available . 
  most of these are de-facto state-less : israel refuses to grant them a right of return or even let them over the border , or issue them citizenship , and their host states in many cases refuses them citizenship , or even free movement in many cases . 
  as a result they are refugees by pretty much any reasonable definition . 
  i 'm assuming you 're not living in a refugee camp , and that you have full citizenship elsewhere , and that you have not claimed a right of return , so your comparison is meaningless . 
  a further 3.3 m are registered by the un as refugees , as though they may be living outside refugee camps , their legal situation is not finally settled , and they have registered as refugees on the basis that they have a legal right of return under both the un universal declaration of human rights , and under un resolution 194 that specifically address the right of return of palestinian refugees ; a right that the un has annually re-affirmed since the 40 's . 
  that the vast majority of them by now have been born outside of the palestinian territories is irrelevant , as long as they are direct descendants of unsettled refugees and claim a right of return . 
  unrwa registers descendants of the original refugees as legal refugees on this basis ( assuming * they * want to be registered ) . 
  the situation of the palestinian refugees is worse than for most other groups as even the governments that are friendly to their cause often are extremely restrictive with even second or third generation descendants of original refugees , based on arab league policies intended to ensure that that israel can not `` empty palestine '' by pushing palestinians to flee to welcoming nearby states . 
  even jordan , which have granted citizenship to a huge number of palestinian refugees , and so where palestinian refugees have a greater ability to lead normal lives , have been systematically stripping groups of refugees of citizenship as a way to demonstrate that this is not a permanent solution . 
  the harsher israel acts , the less will be left of israel by the time the issue is finally resolved . 
  ever noticed how hamas is basically egging on the israeli government despite * knowing * that they will get clobbered hard every time ? 
  because hamas is like a phoenix : after each conflict , they are reborn out of the ashes of the palestinian territories . 
  their lifeblood is maintaining a conflict level high enough for people to look for someone who will help them revenge their dead . 
  the only way israel can `` win '' with armed response would be for them to go for total genocide . 
  [ anything less , and they are just acting as recruiters for hamas . 
  ] ( http://online.wsj.com/articles/sb123275572295011847 ) . 
  it probably will pay for itself through leverage , but it was commissioned because russia [ has kept going too far ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005%e2%80%9306_russia%e2%80%93ukraine_gas_dispute ) ( and [ this year ] ( http://online.wsj.com/articles/eu-fails-to-broker-russia-ukraine-gas-truce-1409309368 ) ), 
   russia ca n't withhold supplies . 
  gas wells simply do n't work like that , there 's no ` off ' switch , and russia is far too dependent on gas income from europe to withhold supplies , let alone that they 're under contract . 
  [ they have in the past . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005%e2%80%9306_russia%e2%80%93ukraine_gas_dispute#cut-off ) their past behaviour is the main driver behind a * number * of european initiatives to reduce dependency on russian gas . 
  in the real world . 
  you * do * realise they 've played this game before , do n't you ? 
  and that the threat of a `` repeat performance '' is what has drive contingencies like this ship . 
  it 's not just about export capacity , but production capacity . 
  if russia decides to sell their gas elsewhere , fine , in that case that just results in a game of musical chairs . 
  if russia * withholds * supplies , then at the very least it means trying to replace that supply will drive the price up substantially . 
  this is a workaround and crisis management rather than a proper solution . 
  of course , workarounds and crisis management is important - at least it massively improves their negotiating position . 
  it does n't help if they have import terminals if there 's not enough available on the market from alternative sources . 
  it 's even more idiotic given that jesus is recognised as a * prophet * and * the messiah * according to islam . 
  for a muslim to claim otherwise would be blasphemy . 
  and since he is considered a prophet , he is also automatically * considered a muslim * according to islam . 
  they * really * did n't think that one through . 
  or they did n't bother to spend five minutes learning about muslim views of jesus . 
  or they just assumed their audience is too fucking stupid to do the same . 
  muslim hadith also speak of jesus second coming , descending east of damascus in midst of war fought by al-mahdi against the anti-christ and his followers , and that after slaying the anti-christ everyone who is part of the people of the book ( so christians , jews and muslims , mainly ) will believe him and unite under islam . 
  so if jesus were to show up in israel these days , with civil war in syria with substantial religious involvement to really spark peoples imagination , presumably he 'd be celebrated by both christian and muslim palestinians . 
  of course first he 'd need to avoid being locked up in a mental hospital with the other collection of jesus-es that regularly show up in israel . 
  your sentiment would have been justified if he actually was doling out blame rather than pointing out the hypocrisy of israel using the `` christ killer '' argument themselves against their opponents . 
  or , i guess `` hypothetical christ killer '' . 
  often this knee-jerk reaction simply obscures underlying racism or cultural imperialism . 
  the moral superiority is often rooted in religion or race or culture rather than in support for enlightenment values and rule of law . 
   time to stop hiding behind rule books and fuck these guys up . 
  so , be as bad as is , in other words ? 
  i 'd rather not exchange the threat of one bunch of murderous oppressors for a government of another bunch of murderous oppressors . 
  ah , yes , fight the people who want to take away human rights by taking away their human rights . 
  that 's probably the most idiotic response i 've read . 
  the point is that investing massive resources on a marginal problem helps pretty much nobody any more than everyone converting to some idiotic religion ( or the record : i find christianity pretty much equally idiotic ) would do . 
  now ( referring to your other response ) , * this * is a good example of a false equivalence , as it has no connection to the original argument . 
  no , it 's not at all irrelevant , nor is an example of false equivalence . 
  it is an illustration of how small of a problem terrorism is in europe . 
  resources are not free , and not infinite . 
  whenever we invest resources into something - such as fighting terrorism - those are resources not spent elsewhere . 
  if the reason we are then spending resources fighting terror is to save lives , those resources are horribly misspent , as the payoff is so minimal . 
  it * ca n't * be anything but minimal , because the initial problem is so minor . 
  it 's important that people realise just how minor . 
  that many times as many die of entirely preventable diseases or societal problems where throwing money improvements to health care or traffic security or any number of things have problem effects , and where the numbers involved are so vastly higher that the potential payoff is magnitudes higher . 
  that terrorism is something that should not happen at all does not mean that it is worth pouring resources into when it is such a tiny , marginal risk . 
  do we pour massive resources into reducing the number of people killed in bear attacks ? 
  no , for good reason . 
  do we pour billions into further reducing deaths from lighting ? 
  major campaigns to make people stay indoors during thunderstorms ? 
  no , we do n't . 
  because the numbers involved are so vanishingly small . 
  terrorism in europe is similar in magnitude . 
   oh wait we are !, 
  there are numerous arrests made every year in uk . 
  the intelligence agencies are working all the time to fish them out . 
  there are a handful , of which most turn out to be for `` mind-crimes '' related to alleged plots that would never have been viable and/or that people never decided to go ahead with . 
  actual convictions are rare . 
  even if everyone arrested for alleged terrorism offenses in the uk had gone ahead and been successful with their attacks , terror would * still * not be a major problem compared to things like drink driving . 
   so you do n't see it as a problem then until we start dying more from terrorist attacks ? 
  compared to e.g. 
  drink driving , or the lack of sufficient follow up of poor pensioners , for example , no it is not a problem . 
  the money spent on security theatre could have saved far more lives if applied differently . 
  we have decades of experience with muslim immigration to various european countries . 
  despite that , for most of the last few decades , non-muslim terrorism has been more widespread in europe than muslim terrorism , and terrorism overall is a responsible for a vanishingly small number of deaths . 
  i do n't know the number of deaths due to lightning strikes in europe , but in the us you 're more likely to get killed by lightning than be a victim of terror , and that likely holds in europe as well . 
  it 'd take terror rising by several orders of magnitude before it 'd start to actually make a difference on mortality statistics vs. e.g. 
  car accidents or the common cold . 
  ah , yes , that 's why we 're swimming in terrorists after decades of muslim immigration ... oh , wait , we 're not . 
  you 're still far more likely to die of the common cold or get run over by a drunk driver , unless you happen to live in iraq or afghanistan or is held areas . 
  this is fascinating . 
  i 've tried looking up a few of the sources listed on that page , and have so far not found any mentions that actually provides any direct sources for the origin of the name hillergersberg ( i have n't been able to try to go through everything , so chances are there 's mentions in one of them , though ) . 
  the only relatively contemporaneous source listed in that article is rijmkroniek , and rijmkroniek is easily accessible in well annotated editions online , so that 's what i looked at first . 
  that too of course post-dates the death of dirk ii by at least a couple of hundred years and at best provides a third hand source ( for things where it was based on writings by a first hand source ) . 
  it does contain an extensive entry on hildegard and dirk ii , but unless i 'm overlooking something ( very possible ; i do n't read dutch very well - i 'm having to lean a lot on my german and norwegian - though the older the dutch , the easier it is for me to read as the dutch rapidly gets closer to the others the further back you go ... , but old texts are n't exactly consistent when it comes to spelling ) , i ca n't find any clear unambiguous references hillergersberg there . 
  verse 875 references a berghen/berghe/bergan that the footnotes in the edition i looked up notes `` location unknown '' for . 
  if bergan has been connected to hillegersberg via other sources/evidence , then that 's probably right , but now i wonder which source or what the evidence that provides that connection might be . 
  ( edit , i also just skimmed over j. bolhuis of zeeburgh , `` about the history of the first excavated from the dutch house '' ( leiden , 1870 ) , and ca n't find any relevant mentions there either ; despite fairly lengthy passages about dirk ii , including discussions of the information about him and hildergaard in the rijmkroeniek ; as well as `` l. vanderkindere , la formation des territorial principautes belges au moyen age 1 ( 1902 ) 77 . '', 
  which only contains about 3 sentences about hildegaarde , regarding the issue of who she actually was ; nothing about hillergersberg - including nothing about a `` bergan '' or any of the possible alternative spellings from the rijmkroeniek ) i have n't found any sources for the hillegonda story that predates hildegaard 's marriage to dirk ii either , so i 'm not disputing your account ; just find it very fascinating how tricky it is to nail down the earliest sources for these things - so many accounts are just blindly copying from each others that it 's hard to unravel . 
   ` bergan ' ( fortified place or hamlet ( = small town ) ) and was property of dirk ii . ),
