  it 's certainly possible to still abuse the system , but it takes a lot of effort . 
  while i 'm not as optimistic on behalf of the left as elsewhere , consider that despite being about as far left as it gets , i got in a rage when i saw how many people voted greens in my local constituency because they basically handed the seat to the tories with a narrow sliver of a plurality ( thousands of votes for the greens , 130-something plurality for the tories ) . 
  the tory candidate did n't even manage a majority , but still won . 
  it 's impossible to predict the results , but we can certainly predict that the smaller parties would mostly experience a surge if there was not so much to lose from voting for them . 
  you 're sort of right . 
  labour under blair was also a threat to workers rights compared to the eu , but corbyn would probably go further than the eu . 
  but here 's the thing : there are very few areas ( there are some ) where the eu regulations would stand in the way of a left wing social democratic government when it comes to implementing their policies . 
  the big no-no would be problems with nationalisation and state subsidies , but that 's not even something the entire far left are in favour of . 
  meanwhile the eu serves as a long term guarantee against right wing destruction and mayhem . 
  while i am very much in favour of things that are far enough to the left to run into problems with eu regulations , i 'm perfectly happy to accept limits on how far off to left uk governments can veer to get limits on how far off to the right they can veer , given that the uk establishment has for the last couple of decades ( yes , i include labour governments ) been busy trying to push further to the right than what works within the eu . 
  and the first time i saw a scottish person in real life was in london . 
  point being ? 
  london is a major world metropolis , and attracts people of all types . 
  first seeing someone here is pretty much entirely unsurprising . 
   the issue with older people is their mental state . 
  no , that is not the issue . 
  and by `` older people '' , i was referring to older than the 16-17 year olds you think is ok to deny the vote , based on your argument that they do n't know . 
   is that that is basically denying older people the vote because to you , their opinions are crap . 
  everyone should get the opinions and votes heard even if to you it is crap . 
  you 're the one that argued for excluding younger people . 
  i have not once argued for excluding anyone . 
  i made the tongue in cheek observation that 75 % not knowing is to me a pretty good ratio considering my observations of the overall electorate , and i stick by that assessment . 
  that i disagree with someone is not reason for me to support depriving them of representation . 
  i strongly believe that - unlike the current uk electoral system - everyone should have representation as far as possible . 
  democracy is not to give influence to those you agree with , but to give influence to those you disagree with . 
   you should be tolerant and respectful of their opinion 's fuck that . 
  part of a free society is the ability to think whomever you like are idiots , and express it if you choose . 
  yes , that means i believe people are free to consider me an idiot too . 
  yes , there are many situations where it 's stupid and inappropriate to do so . 
  that sounds pretty good to me , based on the crap i 'm seeing from older people . 
  yes , you are being anti-democratic . 
  to me , you might as well stand up and proclaim you want black people to lose the vote - what you are suggesting is no better ; both disenfranchises huge groups of people . 
  it 's the reason why even if you cut eu immigration to 0 , the tories would * still * be far from meeting their ludicrously optimistic goal of 100k/year without causing massive problems of skilled labour shortages in many critical areas . 
  to make that viable , they 'll first have to spend a couple of decades adjusting education to churn out graduates in the right fields to plug the gaps ... of course , if they 'd told the truth about what was realistic in terms of immigration , they 'd never have gotten elected , and the lack of public understanding for how dependent the uk is on immigration is a huge problem . 
  ah , so you know what is best for other people . 
  the typical excuse for disenfranchising people , and one of the favourite excuses of dictators everywhere . 
  to me that makes you no better than those who supported continuing to deprive women or black people of the vote - the same arguments were used : they 'd still be `` represented '' . 
  only they might be represented by someone working actively against their best interests . 
  it disgusts me . 
  i was n't comparing it to voting against av . 
  i was comparing it to support fptp . 
  av is only marginally better . 
  but , no , i do n't consider it hyperbolic at all to compare a system that ensures that millions of peoples views go unrepresented as similar to those . 
  in many uk elections , a larger proportion of the uk population have been deprived of representation through the voting system than there are minorities in places like the us that were denied the vote , for example . 
  cooperation in many of those regions are following the eu model , actually . 
  africa in particular is making strides towards tightening the integration of the african union , with regional sub-groups ( `` pillars '' ) like ecowas ( west africa ) becoming international power-houses . 
  several monetary unions are gradually reducing the number of currencies in use throughout africa , as well . 
  it will take a long time , given the number of states that have `` unsavoury '' governments still , but it 's steadily moving forward , helped by massive growth , to the extent that most african countries are expected to reach `` middle income '' status in the next ten years . 
  ecowas alone will at current growth rates start challenging the us in terms of size of the economy over the next few decades ( with current growth in china , the us will at best be the worlds 3rd biggest economy , maybe 4th or 5th , depending on ecowas/au and indian growth rates , in the latter half of the century unless something drastic changes ) . 
  the au as a whole , will , if growth and integration continues , be likely to rival the eu and china economically within decades ( gdp per capita will remain lower than the eu for quite a while longer , but population size and growth is massive - the growth of nigeria alone is enough to start closing the gap ) this also poses a massive challenge to anyone standing outside the other big trade blocks , as e.g. 
  china and india are seeing massive export growth to africa which makes them less dependent on europe and the us , and certainly far less dependent on a uk outside the eu ... 
  av is not a particularly democratic system either . 
  even so , that a majority supported depriving a minority of representation does not make it any more democratic than , say , depriving minorities of the right to vote , or depriving women of the right to vote - having the right to vote is meaningless if voting your conscience guarantees that your views will not be represented fairly . 
  to me the uk is not a democracy . 
  how nice of you to want to deprive people of representation . 
  there 's no reason to try to set an example . 
  the uk will get fucked over for the simple reason that it 'll no longer be part of the club , and hence no longer part of the considerations when determining what the interests of the eu is . 
  suddenly huge numbers of businesses on the european continent can gain advantages from fighting to retain trade barriers to keep uk business from competing on the same terms , for example . 
  you do n't get to quit and expect everyone to treat you as if you 're still a member . 
   we do n't want freedom of movement but we 're perfectly happy to have free trade and you 're exceedingly unlikely to get one without the other , without heavy concessions in other areas . 
   besides , you ca n't put a price on real democracy . 
  i 'd love it if the uk got real democracy , but the by far the biggest problem in that respect is westminsters lack of willingness to carry out electoral reform , not the eu . 
  as a norwegian living in the uk , i 'll laugh my head off if the uk post-brexit ends up basically getting shafted the way norway was with the eea . 
  people like to point to norway and say `` see , it worked so much better than they yes crowd said it would '' but forget that norway had to swallow the * vast majority * of eu integration , to the point that with the exceptions of the euro , and parts of the agricultural - and fisheries policy , norway is subject to * more * eu regulation than the uk . 
  the uk has tons of opt-outs that were not on the table for the eea . 
  yet the government took it , because all the major parties were for eu membership and saw eea as a consolation price . 
  i expect the same to happen here : the first hint of financial instability etc. 
  will be used as an excuse to go begging for a variation over the eea treaty that will end up giving the uk a far worse deal than currently . 
  if we were to take away the vote from every uninformed person , most people would n't have the vote . 
  it feels unfair to me to exclude every younger person because many of them are idiots , when so large parts of the older generations are also idiots . 
  see the flier the other day from the leave campaign highlighting several eastern european countries + turkey + helpfully highlighting where syria and iraq is , to make sure to smear all possible future eu members as best as possible ? 
  because you on one hand say you are in favour of no borders , while on the other hand supporting a change that will reduce peoples freedom of movement and recreate border restrictions that have n't been there for decades . 
  i get that you probably have other reasons you believe outweigh that , but it 's also pretty easy to see why it would sound like trolling . 
  frankly , these groups are so marginal and hated that it has the opposite effect of drawing attention to war participation that a lot of people are not very much aware of ( they might have been told at school , but you can bet most have forgotten it ) whenever they fuck up like this . 
  the big question is how many of those have the faintest idea of who britain first are , but just thought it sounds patriotic , has troops on a picture with a slogan they happen to sympathise with . 
  if they got 1.4 million likes on a post saying `` hitler was right '' , i 'd be terrified . 
  getting 1.4 million likes on something where a like appears to show support for world war ii veterans and support one side in a question where the country is pretty much evenly split could just as well mean most people have n't the faintest idea who the fuck they are , which would be quite pleasing . 
  [ here 's more details ] ( http://europa.eu/about-eu/eu-history/founding-fathers/pdf/winston_churchill_en.pdf ) . 
  he also was the one who proposed what became the european court of human rights . 
  he also proposed a join european army . 
  it would seem he was in favour of even tighter integration than today . 
  [ here 's a document about his impact on european integration ] ( http://europa.eu/about-eu/eu-history/founding-fathers/pdf/winston_churchill_en.pdf ) ( pdf ), 
  a lot of `` migrants from those zones '' also get legal access to the uk - eu or not - because of the commonwealth . 
  [ the vast majority of non-eu immigration to the uk is from commonwealth or former commonwealth countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign-born_population_of_the_united_kingdom ) which tend to face favorable immigration treatment to the uk . 
  westfields and knightsbridge at least is mainly small numbers of gulf-state tourists , and frankly i 've been there many times and it 's rare to see someone totally covered up there too - i ca n't remember last time . 
   when we go to the gulf states we adhere to their culture . 
  yeah , right . 
  my ex works hr for a major international bank , and the amount of laws their local staff breaks in the gulf states and the amount of hr drama involved in covering up is hilarious . 
  made worse because the british embassies in the region are often overworked dealing with british citizen with less resources that have gotten in similar trouble . 
  in comparison to the shit she has to paper over , a handful of women hiding their faces is just a total triviality . 
  a hands on examination is required . 
  having lived in london for the last 16 years , it 's often years between each time i see a woman with her face covered . 
  in other words : it depends very much on where in london you are - only small parts have a noticeable amount of people covering up fully , and last i heard most muslims with niqaab in london tend to be tourists from the gulf states . 
  i 'm not saying the eu is n't in many respects a positive force . 
  i am pointing out that we 're much less different than what we 'd like to believe . 
   where was islam after ww2 ? 
  recovering after colonialism crippled most of their governments , and still suffering under any number of dictatorships either propped up by the west , or who came to prominence through opposition to european colonialism . 
  the rise of hussein and the assad family , for example , both come down to european meddling ( france in syria , the uk in iraq ) . 
  as did the theocratic rule in iran . 
  in egypt , sadat and nasser came to power after a coup against king farouk due to unhappiness over his inability to deal with the british occupation .
