  so we 're back to the issue that there are substantial ethical considerations to make . 
   the government stepping in is the last resort . 
  the point is you ca n't punt on this . 
  the ethical considerations needs to be made in advance , and they need to include things like which terms are even legal , on the basis that one party - a party that under law in most countries is due special consideration - , namely the baby , is not party to the contract . 
  in most countries , in instances where a baby has rights that may be separate or at odds with those of the parent , the state will tend to by law be required to protect the interests of the child ; the childs interests supercedes parental rights or contractual obligations . 
  it is this way exactly because most societies have dealt extensively with the ethical issues over parents doing things to their children we consider abhorrent . 
  ethics is 99 % dealing with fringe cases . 
  we rarely need complicated rules to deal with the cases where everything goes well . 
  we need them to sort out the exceptional circumstances . 
  same thing with contracts : when everything goes well , you can often get away with a verbal contract and a handshake and have a happy partnership . 
  the reason we bother with lawyers and complex , detailed contracts is that when it goes wrong , not having agreed terms can be catastrophic . 
   sure those conflicts will still arise but the law then gives the specifics on how to deal with those . 
  but the law can not give those specific until/unless the legislative have debated the ethical issues and agreed how it should deal with them , and passed laws accordingly . 
  this is the entire point that triggered this debate . 
  you can not leave this purely down to contracts , because even if you in the general case believe that they will sufficiently protect all parties , the law will need to at the very least handle the case where the contracts either do n't even exist or are invalid or lack essential clauses , or where one side or the other bring up extraordinary circumstances . 
   for everything else there are courts who will sort things out and thereby provide a legal foundation for future cases only some legal systems allow courts to create law through precedent . 
  most do n't , or only allow courts to create non-binding precedents that other courts may look to but are free to ignore . 
  so court cases in most countries can not serve as building a legal foundation for future cases . 
  even if/when they could , barring specific laws dealing with this , it does not remove the ethical considerations - it instead fobs them off on the courts , who without specific laws to cover surrogacy will be forced to try to apply contract law and laws regarding protection of childrens rights and try to construct interpretations of the legislative intent from that . 
  courts very specifically are there to interpret laws , not create them - even in common law jurisdictions where they have some more freedom than most places , they are not free to just make stuff up . 
   banning people from entering voluntary agreements is a breach of ethics . 
  first of all , this requires a specific set of ethical rules . 
  ethics are not an objective , fixed system - that is the entire point . 
  so a blanket statement like this makes no sense without first specifying your ethical framework . 
  but let us assume an ethical system where that is unambiguously true : the child is not able to enter this agreement voluntarily . 
  and so we have a complicated ethical issue to ensure the childs interests are also protected , whether or not the surrogate and donors agree on terms . 
  even without that , `` voluntary agreements '' is a good way of summarising contracts , and the issue of what constitutes `` voluntary '' creates big ethical issues here . 
  more specifically , the `` voluntary '' part in contract law in every jurisdiction i know of legally requires a `` meeting of minds '' and `` consideration '' . 
  that is , there is an expectation that both sides are in a position to weigh the pros and cons without undue pressure , and without one side signing away lots of rights without being compensated for it in a way that they consider fair . 
  this is one of the reasons why e.g. 
  employment contracts in many countries are strictly regulated by law - because * actual experience * is that one side is vastly more powerful than the other , and that without regulation , such `` voluntary agreements '' ends up lopsided with rights favouring one side because an agreement very easily can be coercive if one side faces the risk of losing their home or starving if they do n't accept coercive terms . 
  with surrogacy , similarly , there is a lot of experience that indicates that surrogates often end up being poor people that take significant risks they otherwise would not have considered , including agreeing to terms that might put their life at risk ( e.g. 
  lets say limitations on the right to abort - look in this thread and you will find people saying they should not be allowed to abort because it 's not their child ) . 
  that does not necessarily mean that a contract can not take place , but it does mean that it is not immediately clear that any given contract will fulfill the requirements of contract law of a `` meeting of minds '' without giving it further consideration . 
  this is the basis for a lot of the ethical wrangling over surrogacy , and a reason for a lot of regulation : exactly to increase the chance that the arrangement is truly voluntary and not coerced , and to ensure that the terms represents a genuine `` meeting of minds '' rather than one side steamrollering the other side because the other side is desperate . 
   your arguments are all strong if you consider marriage to be primarily a celebration of love and commitment . 
  however , that is a fairly recent invention . 
  i agree , but this also is an argument against holding up marriage as an unchanging institution . 
  and in terms of how we see marriage now , this is how laws and ceremonies are structured today in most places . 
  arguing on the basis of how it used to be falls flat by effectively admitting that it 's ok to change what marriage is as opinions change . 
  from the rest of your comment , i think we largely agree , and i agree it 's important to understand the other side . 
  my point was mainly that too many people have problems countering the `` but they have equal rights '' argument , and i felt it 's an area where it is worth explaining how to deal with it . 
  we intuitively get that it 's not what gay people want , but it 's important to have a framework for explaining why , by examining rights on the basis of what most people * today * value in having the right to marry , in which case it becomes immediately obvious that opposite-sex marriage does not provide the same right to gay people . 
  but this extends method of comparing rights is useful in other contexts too . 
  we have lots of history granting `` rights '' that are de jure rights but that de facto exclude some group . 
  voter id laws and many voter registration laws in the us is an example : de jure they treat people equally . 
  de facto they target people by race and economic status , because they have historically usually been passed despite hard evidence they have next to no impact on electoral fraud , but massively disproportionally exclude minority voters and to a lesser extent poor whites . 
  to attack these kinds of laws it is essential to develop the habit of evaluating what benefits and downsides they provide to each group , and compare those actual benefits and downsides rather than focus on whether the exact wording of a law single out a group . 
  no , that is not what it would mean at all . 
  we sign contracts that are affected by ethical issues all the time . 
  what it does mean is that we need to consider those ethical issues and decide whether or not it is acceptable to address them in a contract , and if so what we do if the contract fails to address an issue , or if they are important enough for us to address them in law , and if so how they should be addressed . 
  this is exactly the reason why surrogacy is a contentious legislative issue - because there are substantial disagreements over how to resolve the ethical issues surrounding it , or even what the ethical issues are . 
  the solution is n't to give up , but it 's not to pretend these are n't difficult issues either . 
  and i pointed out that by raising the issue of consent , you raised an ethical issue , right before claiming there were n't any . 
   yes , once you reach an age of adulthood , full adult agency should be assumed . 
  full adult agency does not resolve that issue the way you think . 
  depending on jursidiction and circumstances , courts occasionally e.g. 
  side with foster parents over biological parents over long term parental rights even when the original reasons for putting a child with foster parents are no longer present , if the foster parents have a stronger bond with the child . 
  the argument typically used is that the actual bond developed can beat what people actually agree should happen , especially if it is in the best interests of the child . 
  you need to consider that there are three parties involved , and one of them is decidedly not an adult . 
  children are not property . 
   i do n't see how the answers for those questions are different for a surrogate mother than they are for a biological mother ... well , look through this thread and you will find at least one person saying the surrogate should not have the right to abort because it is not her baby . 
  but you are saying the answer should be the same as for a biological mother , in other words that she should be able to abort . 
  it is n't her baby to abort . 
  unless the woman is being forced into surrogacy , i do not see any ethical issues here . 
  you just raised an ethical issue : maybe she * was * forced . 
  so you clearly do see ethical issues , you do n't recognise them as such . 
  what if her health is at stake if she continues the pregnancy ? 
  what if the other side break the contract or fail to meet terms set ? 
  you may believe all of these are easy to answer , but they are nevertheless ethical issues that do come up . 
   what exactly does the child have to defend itself from ? 
  even if the terms of care in a surrogacy contract break down in some way , no matter what , government is there as a last resort to step in and protect the child . 
  are you trying to claim that every possible option is just as good as any other option for the child ? 
  because if you are not , then the child has a need to have its interests protected . 
   yes ; someone is providing a service , so should be able to get paid for it . 
  i think there 's a good argument for government to contribute to these costs for prospective parents . 
  the reason there are ethical concerns here is that payment for many types of services like this have potentially significant health risks and impacts , and allowing payments often has a significant coercive effect on poorer people . 
  if we allow people to pay for this type of thing , should we allow people to sell their own organs too ? 
  how severe must the health impact of selling an organ be before we do n't allow it any more ? 
  what do we do when it has severe financial impacts on society as a whole to let people take those risks ? 
  ( because it e.g. 
  massively increase the odds that someone will need emergency care and costly medical care that will not be possible to recover from said person ) this is not nearly that simple . 
   honestly , if the surrogacy contract were seen in the same vein as something like a prenup , you 'd probably not see anything much more than the cases of divorces that have a prenup guiding them and yet prenups are uneforceable in a wide range of jurisdictions because they are many places seen as rarely meeting the rquirements on tends to expect of contracts ( e.g. 
  a meeting of minds ; consideration - they are most usually in place in cases where the benefits are very lopsided ) , even though they involve cases where the parties directly affected are consenting adults . 
  yet in a surrogacy contract , there is implicitly always a child involved , which has legal rights and considerations of its own ( and which bring with it its own issues , because the choice of representation of the childs interests may depend on assignation of parental rights or guardianship ) . 
  in other words : there are a great many reasons why treating a surrogacy contract as in the same vein as a prenup would be problematic . 
   most of the reasonable people i know who are against gay marriage are not arguing that gays should not have equal rights , but that allowing it substantially redefines the meaning of marriage . 
  the counter to this is that to consider rights , you need to consider what it is that is actually being protected before you draw parallels . 
  most people do not want the right to marry some random person . 
  they want the right to marry someone when they have found someone they love or at least want to live with in a committed relationship . 
  the nature of the laws and traditions around marriage demonstrates very clearly that our societies do not wish to encourage marriages that are not driven by romantic commitment . 
  and that is the nature of the right that gay people have wanted . 
  opposite-sex marriage can not provide them with * that * right , no matter whether or not they in purely mechanical terms could go through the motions . 
  if it did , then it should surely be perfectly acceptable to have arranged marriages , or to change the law to assign a spouse by lottery , seeing as if opposite-sex marriage provides equal rights to gay people it is clear that marriage laws do not need to protect the ability to marriage the person one loves to meet its goal . 
  when arguing that opposite-sex marriages provide equality , one is pretending that the right to marry is separate from the idea of promoting and protecting commited relationships , in the face of ceremonies and legal structures that makes it clear that is exactly what the legal protections for marriage exist for . 
  the argument that allowing it `` redefines the meaning '' might be technically true - every change of a law redefines something - , but in practical terms we are on the contrary bringing the law in line with how the view of what commited relationships are possible have evolved so that another view of the meaning of marriage remains intact . 
  i know you have not argued for this thinking yourself here , but i wanted to address this as people often have problems countering the `` equal rights '' thinking effectively . 
  you 're right . 
  leaving council of europe would leave us in company with shining beacons of progress like kazakhstan and belarus ( and the vatican , but they 're observers ) and various territories with limited recognition , like kosovo . 
  but most of them want to join , not stay out .
