  the list is long . 
  and it went both ways - hussein during his years as a government minister and early years as ruler , for example , carried out massive progressive reforms in iraq , and built its health service and educational system from pretty much nothing to one of the best in the region ( he was still a despot even then , but his serious power trips came later ) . 
  in egypt , nasser in particular modernised egypt massively . 
  meanwhile when the shah of iran fell , iran took a massive step backwards . 
  the point being that treating islam as a single entity was ridiculous then , and still is now . 
  it spans the same wide range that christian and secular europeans do , all the way from peaceful and progressive to hardened terrorists . 
  historically , `` european values '' has included starting terrorist movements to oppose government when groups gets marginalised by the law . 
  the islamists still have nothing on us when it comes to terror - they 'll have to work hard for a long time to start achieving parity with the multitude of terror groups europe has deal with over the last century . 
  it was hilarious when the caps were removed . 
  the `` entire '' british press seemingly camped out at heathrow waiting for the arriving romanian and bulgarian hordes that we were assured were en route . 
  but the good for nothing job-stealers were apparently too lazy to show up to steal british jobs / s, 
  they also conveniently mostly try to pretend the leaflet is n't partisan , only mentioning the leave campaign once inside , and at the very end . 
  it 's one of the most disgusting pieces of propaganda i 've seen in decades . 
  yeah , well , in the case of brexit , expect the snp to start talking up another scottish independence vote soon afterwards . 
  when it comes to states , there certainly were parts of africa that did not have established states , but europe spent more than * 3 centuries * waging war in africa before having subdued most of the many extant kingdoms and empires . 
  this is a * partial * list of the african countries that survived until they were occupied by force by european powers : * ethiophia and liberia remained independent into the 1900 's . 
  * the kingdom of kongo was independent until 1891 , and still existed ( as a vassal state of portugal ) until 1914 . 
  * loango fell to colonial powers in the 1880 's after being independent ( from the kingdom of kongo ) from 1550 . 
  * the kingdom of ndongo was under pressure from portugal from the 1500 's , and became a vassal state in 1626 until portugal conquered the kingdom in 1671 * egypt was an independent state until the 1860 's , and then an ottoman vassal until 1914 * the wadai empire stayed independent until conquered in 1912 . 
  * the ndebele , zulu and xhosa states controlled large parts of current south africa , until beaten in part by the boers , and then the british . 
  * the sultanate of zanzibar withstood german and british aggression until it was divided by germany and the uk in the late 1880 's , and zanzibar itself became a british protectorate in 1890 . 
  * the yeke kingdom survived until 1891 until king leopold of belgia 's forces murdered its king and incorporated it into the congo free state . 
  * tunisia remained an independent state paying fealty to the ottomans until 1881 . 
  * morocco was the first state to recognise the united states in 1777 , and offered protection for us merchant ships against barbary pirates from later that year , and it 's friendship treaty with the us ( 1786 ) still remains the united states longest unbroken friendship treaty , and the state continued to exist through spanish and french protectorates in the 1800 's with relative autonomy . 
  * the mbunda kingdom survived until 1914 . 
  * the kingdom of lunda survived until 1887 . 
  * the sokoto caliphate survived until british conquest in 1903 . 
  * the kingdom of nri survived until 1911 * the oyo empire until 1895 * the benin empire until 1897 * the kaabu empire until 1867 * the aro confederacy until 1902 * the ashanti empire until 1894 * the kong empire until 1898 * the bamana empire until 1896 * the bornu empire 1893 * the buganda lasted from 1300 until 1894 , but retained near total autonomy as a british protectorate , with its government intact until uganda 's independence , when it was temporarily abolished , until restored in 1993 as a sub-national kingdom part of uganda . 
  * the luba empire lasted until 1885 . 
  now , the ones listed above certainly do not cover all of africa , but together with the many i 've missed out , they cover most of the areas of africa that had large populations at the time , and many of them were surrounded by large number of smaller vassal states . 
  these were largely countries with established borders , central rule , standing armies , and in many cases hundreds of years of trading relationships with european powers , not some random tribes . 
  at * the end * of the scramble for africa , though , almost all of them had been broken - cities burned to the ground , ruling elites killed , bought off or exiled , borders redrawn , followed by decades of trying to reshape them into new regions . 
  yes , and the only reason it turned to this was that someone replied to my explanation of indoctrination by claiming indoctrination was n't always bad , and used science as an example , and i disagreed . 
  i too have had the same experience you had that science teachers are usually good about this . 
  i do n't object at all to telling kids that this is what we believe to be true , as long as they understand that believing something to be true because it appears likely to be true based on our current understanding does not mean it ca n't be wrong . 
  the indoctrination part comes in the moment someone expects blind faith that something is and always will be true , without the extraordinary evidence such a claim should require , and that would be just as bad for science as it is with religion . 
  thankfully science teachers are rarely that dumb . 
  i 'm not exaggerating anything . 
  i 'm pointing out that absolute certainty is rarely a feature of scientific theories . 
  to go back to start , i originally simply pointed out a distinction between indoctrination and presenting something as fallible . 
  science moves forward because we accept that most of our knowledge is incomplete or wrong , and keep seeking better answers . 
  meanwhile religion only survives by stubbornly refusing to deal with uncertainty , and claiming infallibility even in the face of contradicting fact . 
  the uncertainty of scientific theories is a * feature * , not a liability . 
  where did i suggest that ? 
  `` we believe bullying is wrong , for these reasons : ... because of this you 're not allowed to do it at school '' . 
  you do n't need to claim that there are no possible alternative views in order to condemn bullying . 
  you do n't need to claim it 's the one true view to state your beliefs and your reasons for thinking so , and state that since you 're making the rules you get to make it against the rules to bully . 
  if you ca n't give a coherent explanation of why you think bullying is bad without claiming that 's just how it is or `` god says so '' , then you should n't be teaching children , because that 's one of the easy ones . 
  apparently it 's around 76 % or so that ignores it , so yeah . 
  it 's not * that * archaic - as late as '94 at least , doe restated to schools that they were obliged to follow it . 
  but nobody has had the resources or will to try to force the issue , and the latest recommendation has been to finally scrap it . 
   newton did n't suddenly became wrong about earth bound mechanics just because it turned out it was an approximation to the truth . 
  of course he was . 
  that he was wrong about the precise details did however not prevent them from being a useful approximation . 
  religion is taught in most british schools - the above is specifically about `` worship '' - uk state schools are in theory required to have `` worship '' once a day . 
  the thing is , the law does n't specify what it involves , and few schools actually carries it through . 
  for religious education , that is a separate matter - schools do follow that , and parents do have a legal right to withdraw their kids from those classes , but many schools will go to great lengths to ensure they are unbiased , especially in areas with a mix of religious backgrounds . 
  that was kinda the point . 
  teaching science as certain , absolute and unchanging would be just as bad as doing the same about religion . 
  the very strength of science is that it is based on our best current understanding and open to change when new evidence is found . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  teaching science as if it is infallible and unchanging is just as much indoctrination . 
  one of the key parts of science is accepting that we * do n't know * everything , and our understanding will change , * and that 's ok * . 
  part of the problem with religious indoctrination is this idiotic idea that they have a final , complete explanation . 
  yes , but all * state * schools in the uk are legally required to have predominantly christian worship . 
  most of them * do n't * , but the law says they should . 
  to be actually officially secular in the uk a school would need to be private . 
  yes , but the discussion above started with an assertion that explicitly excluded private schools . 
  and note that e.g. 
  an academy , which was what the comment i replied to was about , are * not * private schools for this purpose - collective worship is in theory required in academies . 
  in practice it 's rarely enforced ( but the individual school could very well decide to follow it strictly ) . 
  no scientific theory is every complete . 
  we do not in general say that a scientific theory is the `` one true view '' because we now from history that we are likely to be embarrassingly proven wrong . 
  evolutionary theory has never been a single , unchanging theory . 
  modern evolutionary theory has developed massively since darwin , for example . 
  if darwin had promoted his own work as the `` one true view '' , he 'd have been wrong , as would any number of evolutionary scientists in between him and now , and parts of current evolutionary theory is pretty much bound to be proven wrong too . 
  science can say * very * few things with absolute certainty . 
  what we can say is that `` this is the best we can do now , based on available evidence '' . 
  but few people seem to take the consequences of that , and actually seriously sit down and compare the religions to find out which one they believe is right , which would be the logical choice if you believe that the right beliefs makes any kind of difference . 
  that 's because the catholic church pope pius xii in 1950 explicitly confirmed that the official belief of the church was that evolution was consistent with being christian as long as you hold that the soul is created by god . 
  in 1996 that was confirmed by john paul ii . 
  and most recently [ pope francis has also confirmed this ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/27/pope-francis-evolution_n_6057378.html ) . 
  so evolution has not met the same opposition in the catholic church as in many other christian churches . 
  it does not * require * catholics to believe in evolution , and prior to that , it held no official position on evolution either way but it 's worth noting as / u/tomarse pointed out , that important figures in the development of evolutionary theory has been not just catholics , but catholic * clergy * , and that applies to many , many scientists through the ages . 
  the thing about catholicism is that there are strong currents within the catholic church that sees science as something deeply religious , because if you first believe that everything was created by god , then studying science in effect boils down to studying gods creation , and denying what can be learned through science would mean denying aspects of gods creation ( pointing to this viewpoint is a fun game to play with science-denying christians ) . 
  as a result , the vatican e.g. 
  has its own observatory and team of astronomers , and particularly driven by the jesuits , contribute to a lot of science . 
  [ here 's an interview with a previous astronomer of the vatican ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/national/people/the-popes-astronomer-on-space-the-bible-and-alien-life-20141015-116nrl.html ) that expands on this . 
  a couple of quotes from this interview :  brother consolmagno said while literal readings of the bible suggested the world was young , the perpetration of that belief , despite the scientific evidence to the contrary , was simply `` bad theology '' . 
    `` it 's almost blasphemous theology , '' he told fairfax media during a visit to brisbane on wednesday . 
  and :  `` science is a way of getting close to creation , to really getting intimate with creation , and it 's a way of getting intimate with the creator . 
    `` it 's an act of worship . '', 
  while i 'm an atheist , i can understand and respect that kind of approach to religion . 
  i may still find it funny and weird that they believe in a god , but at least they 're trying to reconcile it with science rather than trying to deny the science . 
  reading the bible too literally would make you go against catholic doctrine , which probably explains why that 's not very popular in poland . 
  yes , they do . 
  this is one of the big problems with faith schools in the uk : they are heavily government funded . 
  they do typically also get funds from the church , but they are not at all free to the state . 
  which means a lot of us are paying taxes to support schools that are allowed to discriminate against our kids when it comes to admissions policies too . 
  almost certainly , unless you chose it as an adult .
