  bekommen and ankommen in german : norwegian has `` ankomme '' which was imported from middle low german `` ankommen '' via the hansa , which in norwegian is treated as an entirely separate word from `` komme '' / `` kommen '' even though the distinction between `` komme '' / `` ankomme '' in norwegian is the same as for `` kommen '' / `` ankommen '' in german , pretty much entirely because we got `` komme '' via norse while `` ankomme '' ankom ( sorry , could n't resist ; that 's the past form of `` ankommen '' in norwegian ) several hundred years later . 
  it 's a pretty neat illustration i think of how the idea of what words are entirely separate are often entirely down to circumstance - had norwegian gotten both at the same time , chances are we 'd have seen them the same way you describe their relationship for german . 
  you rarely notice little stuff like that unless you 're a linguist , learning a foreign language , or spend ages trying to figure out how to describe something about your language to non-speakers . 
  i 'm norwegian living in the uk , and i 've learned tons of details about norwegian from trying to explain various things to people and being forced to think through it and look stuff up that i had no idea about ... 
  if you want to learn more about your own language , try to teach foreigners about it - it 'll force you to think about it in a very different way ... 
  norway is bound by treaty to accept these laws . 
  the alternative is to leave the eea , so it 's a lot more than `` just the information '' . 
  the choice is to accept the directives or leave the eea . 
  i did not imply anything about what the situation should be - i merely pointed out at the idea that there ` se extensive consultation with the efta countries prior to new eu directives is not the impression the politicians actually dealing with it has . 
  there are some * fantastic * tax schemes that benefits investors in the uk . 
  do it right , and it 's almost impossible to lose money on startup investments here . 
  and you can offshore most of the actual work somewhere else . 
  the uk is basically a tax haven already . 
  if you 're rich . 
  it 's why it was raised . 
  the eu is probing the uk for `` hot buttons '' that will get uk politicians to do stupid things when brought it . 
  especially if they get worked up in public , and take positions they ca n't climb down from , like michael howards idiotic thinly veiled threat of military force . 
  then during negotiations , whenever the eu wants the uk to climb down from some negotiating position , they 'll bring up one of these hot button issues and suggest a `` compromise '' that will be completely impossible to tolerate , and use it to push the uk to give something to get the eu to give something they never expected to get . 
  spain will continue to bring up gibraltar because it 's what they do . 
  but they wil not realistically expect to get gibraltar . 
  but the eu will expect to milk the gibraltar issue for concessions , at least some of which will certainly benefit spain . 
  and uk politicians keeps falling for this . 
  to be fair , norwegian politicians also does not * want * the uk in the eea , because they recognise that the uk is far to the right of norway on most issues , and norway prefer to actually have a voice in the eea via efta that can keep priorities reasonably far to the left , with e.g. 
  focus on social aspects of free trade deals and the like . 
  at least one politician even suggested norway might have to threaten to veto uk efta membership if the uk tries to go down the route of eea membership via efta . 
  so it 's not just that norwegian politicians largely think it 's inferior to eu membership , but also that norwegian politicians think of uk politicians as a diet version of americans , and in norwegian politics `` us conditions '' is as close to a swear-word as you get . 
  how ? 
  the swiss government had to reconcile two conflicting demands : a set of treaties which said one thing , and where violating one would cause all to be suspended , and a referendum where a narrow majority wanted one of them to be suspended , but with little reason to expect there would be a majority to suspend all . 
  if someone genuinely want the result of suspending all bilateral treaties with the eu , then they can request another referendum . 
  if there is a majority for that , the government will be bound to go ahead . 
  the government only got out of this one because the referendum in question was so deeply flawed - it tried to achieve a position explicitly not allowed for by the treaties . 
  that 's not what norwegian politicians say . 
  they commonly refers to it as `` legislation by fax '' because they regularly get handed almost finished directives without any realistic chance to change anything . 
  edit : lol , downvote all you want - it does not make it any less of a fact . 
  an independent london basically ca n't happen without the uk nearly collapsing first . 
  a strong uk would not let it happen , and could easily counteract it by policy changes to alter the makeup of london ( e.g. 
  simply expanding london 's borders to include less independence happy surrounding areas would be a simple political `` trick '' if independence support started getting painful ) . 
  i think basically you 'd have to first see scotland become independent , northern ireland reuiniting with ireland , and then various english regions demand extensive devolution in the face of increased devolution in a despearate attempt to pacify wales , and matching devolution to manchester ( which has seen some already ) and london ( which has demanded more ) . 
  so a pre-requisite is basically that westminster has first been reduced to an impotent , largely symbolic assembly in charge of little more than foreign policy and defense and a few other areas . 
  london alone would n't be workable even then , but in a scenario like the above you could perhaps see some other parts of the south east rolled in under an enlarger greater london devolved assembly . 
  then you could potentially see london breaking with the decaying , increasingly irrelevant remains of the uk in order to apply for eu membership . 
  but , yeah , the basis for anything like that would basically be the uk continuing on a path towards irrelevance and financial ruin that weakens it and eventually makes it too unattractive to stay . 
  i 'd say 30-40 years at a minimum . 
  but it 's a fun thing to contemplate ... and a border wall around the m25 with laser turrets sounds appealing some days . 
  es deler beaucoup mots mit germanische spr\u00e5k . 
  hmm . 
  i 'm now considering a new career establishing european political parties . 
  there must be dozens of micro-parties with regional representatives in various eu countries that 'd be willing to sign up to support one to get to decide how part of the money get used . 
  it looks like that is exactly what the pope is wondering . 
  / r/independentlondon turned into a ghost town pretty quickly after the brexit vote , but i expect it will get a second wind once the negotiations drive frustration levels back up through the roof ... 
  / r/independentlondon, 
  you 'd be butthurt too if you had to bend over for a regular dose of brexit . 
  and the pain has just started . 
  i do n't know why you bring up tourism - it is irrelevant to the finance industry . 
  it is only now beginning because lloyds employees make up a miniscule proportion of the city , and because nothing has changed for them in terms of legal environment yet . 
  most will hold on until the negotiations are closer to complete . 
   businesses go where they can make money , london is a hotspot to make money . 
  the problem with that is that we do not know how much of that is currently down to easy access to the eu . 
  lose passporting rights , for example , and the advantage of london drops substantially . 
  i 'm sure london will still be an important financial centre , but the outcome can be from a bit of a nuisance to total disaster for london depending on the brexit negotiations , even if a substantial proportion will remain no matter what . 
  yes , 100 jobs is nothing . 
  but this is a tiny little starting shot come very early in the process . 
  how much do you know about which roles your own employer will move ? 
  what about the banks next door ? 
  i know someone in hr in one of the largest investment banks , who laconically keeps saying `` well , at least they 'll need me around for a while to fire everyone '' - the bank in question is laying plans for moving a substantial proportion of their jobs out of london regardless of outcome , but the negotiating outcome will determine if anyone but a small little group stays or not . 
  they 'll not be the only one . 
  the thing with this news is the symbolism of a company like lloyds pulling the trigger so soon after the article 50 invocation . 
  it 's not a good sign . 
  apparently i 'm now the official eu spokesperson . 
  brb - i 've got to file some expense claims to brussels , i 'm not going to write bs on reddit for free damn it . 
  so my entirely made up poor attempt at some black humour ( i live in uk , i 'm not looking forward to the ensuing brexit shitshow ) says a lot about the eu ? 
  i do n't know if you 're aware of this , but i do n't represent the eu in any way . 
  funnily enough the eu rarely makes official statements via pseudonymous reddit-accounts . 
  then again , this * is * the level of intellectual discourse i 'm used to seeing on this subject . 
  [ in fact they fought it from before it was even passed , making the uk the only country to vote against its introduction ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/working_time_directive_2003 )  after the 1993 council negotiations , when the directive was agreed to after an 11-1 vote , uk employment secretary david hunt said `` it is a flagrant abuse of community rules . 
  it has been brought forward as such simply to allow majority voting -- a ploy to smuggle through part of the social chapter by the back door . 
  the uk strongly opposes any attempt to tell people that they can no longer work the hours they want . '', 
  that would be worth it just to watch the ensuing grovelling . 
  `` oh , hello ... you want back in ? 
  please bend over for the insertion of your compulsory schengen , euro , sharpened working time directive . 
  for good measure some of us got together and decided we 'd like a * slight * little alteration to your flag - it wo n't be a bother , we 'd just like the eu flag inserted in the upper left quadrant ... just making sure you want it badly enough before we decide whether or not to veto your entry . 
  oh , spain mentioned something about gibraltar . 
  and fishing rights '', 
  of 28 eu countries , 22 are full members of schengen , 4 are legally bound to join and have various levels of integration in place which includes various levels of acceptance of national ids . 
  2 have opted out ( uk and ireland ) . 
  on top of that , norway , lichtenstein , iceland and switzerland are associated members of schengen without being eu members . 
  both ireland and the uk still accepts various ids from various schengen countries - the point is that while this is guaranteed when travelling between schengen countries , the uk and ireland have fewer obligations with respect to what they need to accept other than as set by bilateral treaties ( e.g. 
  common travel area between ireland and uk ) - ids can be valid for schengen and not for the uk or ireland . 
  to complicate it further , entry to schengen is either with passport or with such identity documents as the country you are entering considers sufficient to prove your identity , which may vary depending on your country of citizenship and which country you want to enter . 
  even so , if you travel on to other schengen countries , you are obliged to have valid travel documents for schengen irrespective of which documents allowed you in . 
  this also applies when your country of origin is a schengen country . 
  i 'm norwegian . 
  norway is a member of schengen . 
  i live in the uk , which is not . 
  to enter norway from the uk i am subject to schengen border control , which for norwegian citizens generally involves a passport , though the police is authorised to deviate from this . 
  whie in norway i do n't technically need any identity documents . 
  due to the nordic passport union , i can then transfer to iceland , sweden , finland or denmark without a passport . 
  but if i were to cross the border from denmark to germany ( or another non-nordic schengen country ) without my passport , i 'd be breaking the law , as my norwegian passport is the only norwegian id document approved by norwegian authorities for schengen . 
  so you 're at any point dealing with the union of rights granted by each set of agreements between your country , the country you 're travelling from and the country you 're travelling too , . 
  that de facto allows id-only travel for * most * eu/eea citizens between * most * eu/eea countries without passport , but not all , and in some cases while you will be able to enter schengen without one , you may be breaking the law if crossing a border without having it on you .
