  i also would want an eventual union with moldova and , if the stars align , with budjak and north bucovina as well . 
  sadly south dobrogea is lost , otherwise we could 've restored the 1924 border . 
  very . 
  i love my country , i want to make it great , i want a new great romania . 
  make it easier to own one , and encourage the creation of shooting ranges . 
  remove the thousands upon thousands of medical examinations to a few background checks and psychological examinations , to be repeated over a certain period of time . 
  license would be a requirement . 
  * moldova : weird accent , drink sanitary alcohol with bread , poor * vaslui ( town in moldova ) : rape , axes and sanitary alcohol * oltenia : they like leek a lot , boisterous but have nothing to brag about , like knife fights * transylvanians : slow in word and deed , but like to swear up a storm , are n't too fond of hungarians * hungarians and szekelers : want autonomy or to return transylvania to hungary , refuse to speak romanian even if they know it and mandate everyone to speak hungarian on their turf * bucharesters : snobs who look down on everyone else despite them having a reputation of trying to be cultured and failing miserably ; crazy taxi drivers * muntenians : nothing to see here * dobrogea : not much to see here either ; seaside , like to eat hamsii . 
  i can only say that i speak romanian ( native ) , english ( fluent ) and german ( relatively fluent , somewhat worse than english ) . 
  otherwise i only know bits and pieces of other languages . 
  some words in hungarian , some words in french , spanish and portuguese , some words of italian , a few basic words of russian . 
  otherwise , trace amounts of hebrew and gaelic , some arabic and farsi , and one proper word in hindi , `` jai '' . 
  roma invicta, 
  yep . 
  some people like seeing their communities , be them villages or small towns , stay the way they knew them , so that they can pass them along to their descendants . 
  a noble feeling , in my opinion . 
  alba iulia , romania : people over here have n't really heard of sikhs . 
  ca n't really speak for people here , but a typical first-grader 's notebook would looks like [ this ] ( http://bioaddict.ro/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/mo%c5%9f-nicolae-%e2%80%93-sau-cum-%c3%aemi-doream-s%c4%83-nu-vin%c4%83.jpg ) we do n't use the dashed-seven , but the one is with the aslope line . 
  then again , usually handwriting deteriorates as school progresses , as necessity to take notes faster begins to take its toll ... or some just have naturally bad writing . 
  ( me included ), 
   immigrant [ im-i-gruh nt ] ; noun 1 . a person who migrates to another country , usually for permanent residence . 
  yes , as that 's what they are . 
  hmm . 
  from what i remember , you go in , the id gets checked , someone gives you the stamp and the ballot , you go in the private booth . 
  you open the ballot , stamp your choice , close it back up , get out of the private booth , and then put it in the box in front of the commision . 
  you hand the stamp back , and you sign a paper , probably to prove you voted there . 
  someone then puts a sticker on the back of your id card , showing that you voted , and then gives it back to you . 
  well , the quadrilater is kinda lost , but the other two parts are feasible ... 
  the amazing power of circlejerks . 
  jokes aside , that there 's so much relative homogenity in this continent . 
  tbh i was expecting more division , more ... individuality of sorts , more disputes . 
  disappointed . 
  1918 borders , ho !, 
  i guess that over here it would be : 1 . 
  carrefour 5 . 
  lidl 6 . 
  kaufland other romanians , correct me if i am wrong, 
  yes , because the pension system will collapse if our population decline keeps up . 
  not only that , but if the economy does n't improve fast , more and more people will leave , leaving this country to the dogs . 
  and i do not want to see our towns and villages becoming empty . 
  immigration would not be a solution , because : 1 ) they will age and eventually ask for a pension as well ; 2 ) who says they will integrate in an efficient way ? 
  we 're a safe country for now and i want us to remain like that . 
  3 ) does n't really fit with my ideal of autarky as much as possible . 
  perhaps a policy would be to finally help people get houses more easily ( old commie-blocks can be rather cramped ) and encourage having children either through tax discounts or a `` parental salary '' , to make having a child be more appealing from a financial point of view . 
  i am more sympathetic towards monarchies on principle , and i see the installation of the communist dictatorship in 1947 , and the kings ' abdication , as a mistake . 
  scary to me . 
  i would n't . 
  usually these statistics would be skewed by older folks , who either profited from the regime of because that was all they knew . 
  then again , not much to be expected in a country where some rural people believe we live on mars or that the planet is romania-shaped . 
  contract work is not allowed until you 're about 18 or so , which would mean that you 're eligible only at the tail end of high-school , at which point you 'd have the bac to worry about , so most do n't want another stress factor to the already-looming exam . 
  doubt it :p, 
  only among the elderly , aka less . 
  polls show it is small , but i 'd say that there 's a somewhat growing sentiment that restoring it would bring some semblance of stability over here , with our government problems and all that . 
  the king himself appears to be relatively popular , people having a mostly positive opinion of him . 
  ( reading his life story , it 's a bit hard not to ) if that sentiment and the desire for normalcy among the outraged would be channeled in a possible monarchical referendum , with the current president becoming a prime-minister of sorts , i 'd say that it would be a victory . 
  then again , just personal hopes . 
  altough in my area there is a certain degree of support for it . 
  * one day ... 
  well , carol i was protestant as well , as he was prussian , so we 'd have no problem with that ... unless psd stirs up shit . 
  and regarding michael 's descendants ... well , margaret is the heir presumptive for now , so the situation is a bit complicated . 
  if we want to keep the old line , we can either 1 ) abolish salic law and legitimize margaret and radu 's kids , 2 ) invite one of the members of the house of hohenzollern-sigmaringen , or 3 ) invite prince paul-philippe , carol ii 's grandson by his first wife . 
  or , again , 4 ) invite a foreign house in . 
  in the best case , michael i of course , though we 'd have to modify the succession law as soon as that happens , as when the monarchy was forced out , we still had salic law . 
  if this fails , we 'll either have to legitimize the lambrino 's ( slim chance ) or roll the lottery for a foreign monarch again . 
  `` again '' - because when we were looking for a monarch after cuza 's abdication , we initally invited prince phillip of flanders , but he refused afaik , so we invited carol . 
  now we would have the chance to put a bonaparte or a cantacuzino on the throne if this were to happen :p, 
  bleak , unless the psd government is toppled . 
  personally , i wish : union with moldova and a restoration as much as possible of the 1918 borders , excluding south dobruja ( most far-fetched thing on the list ) , restoration of the monarchy , us retaining our sovereignity , a growing economy , possibility to remain here and have a good life , to be as independent of the government as possible ( we 're doing fine in this regard apparently ) . 
  end of nation states ... sad . 
  let 's see ... hungary ? 
  naah , not that many romanians up to the tisa beyond our border . 
  bulgaria maybe ? 
  nah , craiova treaty removed romanians from the quadrilater . 
  perhaps we 'll find another way . 
  they 're doomed anyway , no need to make things worse for our brothers . 
  serbia ? 
  nah , they 're our friends . 
  altough the timoc romanians could use some help ... perhaps financially . 
  the sea ? 
  the sea 's our best friend !, 
  this leaves only one * looks northwards * . 
  just a quick sweep to take the budjak and north bucovina and secure the old 1924 border , perhaps take some other concessions and withdraw . 
  correcting some bordergore , all it is . ', 
  * compares firepower * shit . 
  we 'd need the rebels to step up their game if we want the chance . 
  people are generally apathetic here , interest is low . 
  never seen anyone get excited for a f1 match , whilist football matches draw a lot of spectators and supporters . 
  no , because i 'm a cheapskate in this regard . 
  i prefer to only listen to what i want , no queues or stuff like that , and not paying a cent if i can help it . 
  so , either yt , yt-mp3 , or in some cases dvd 's . 
  22-25c , walking around in general , or some badminton on the rare occasion i got time . 
  they 're relatively common if i remember correctly . 
  food , clothes , what you want . 
  for mutual breakup : * s-au desp\u0103r\u021bit * ( they split up ) for one-sided breakup : either the above or * l-a l\u0103sat * ( he/she left the other ) ; * l-a p\u0103r\u0103sit * ( he-she left the other ) ; or , even more colocquially , * i-a dat papucii * ( he/she gave the other the boots ), 
  it 's odd sometimes being a teetotaler , but i love it . 
  hope to remain on the straight and narrow and stay away from alcohol , tobacco and co. for my whole life ,, 
  i personally do not drink , but had a few sips at around 16/17 . 
  which i regret to this day ... oh god that rancid taste . 
  usually people celebrate by having big [ barbecues ] ( http://www.b365.ro/media/image/201704/w620/00122673_large_99057500.jpg ) , eating mici , or by going away to the beach , if the weather helps of course . 
  otherwise , not much happens ; kids get a day off from school some stores close , but that 's it .
