  * are there private providers ? 
  yes . 
  some can be better than the public ones , in fact . 
  * any personal anecdotes ? 
  once hurt my arm really bad and had to go to the hospital to bandage it . 
  what should 've been a small affair turned into a giant slog of a wait , most of the day spent waiting . 
  * what could be improved ? 
  * everything * * what have you heard about american healthcare ? 
  that the state pays only a small percent of it ( medicare and medicaid if i remember ) . 
  can be very good , but also very expensive . 
  better than what we have now by any rate . 
  * do you have any questions about american healthcare for me ? 
  hmm . 
  do you think adopting a semi-state semi-private system ( ala switzerland or netherlands , as i see americans would be more open to this than to a canada-style health system , not to mention the latter would be hideously expensive ) would be feasible eventually given the national debt ? 
  north 's hilly , south 's flatter . 
  and the north usually has a stronger accent . 
  and they also do n't have that leek thing like they do in the south ( southwest to be precise ), 
  not really a thing here . 
  used to be in the past , but really declining over here . 
  would n't really want to live anywhere else . 
  every once in a while . 
  how much in a day depends , usually a few pages . 
  depends on the time i have or if i am in a reading mood . 
  ( which usually lasts for less than a hour ), 
  not for me . 
  there is n't a specific one . 
  probably either at mamaia or neptun-olimp or at the golden sands . 
  or , if particularly fancy , at paralia-katherini . 
  transylvanian accents , because i am transylvanian myself . 
  right-wing , but i agree that a certain `` safety-net '' of sorts is necessary , in order to make every man a king . 
  what is important is that the social programs or minimum wages are sustainable , so as to avoid a budget deficit or a debt crisis . 
  a strong economy is paramount . 
  yes , [ the bacalaureat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_baccalaureate ) . 
  it 's happening right now , and it 's my time to go through it as well . 
  the bac ( as it is called here ) is divided into two `` parts '' so to say : the competences and the exams themselves . 
  the competences take place around early june , and contain the : oral romanian exam , the digital competences ( some sort of internet and excel test usually ) , and the foreign language competences . 
  ( do n't apply if you have a language attestate like the dsd or the cambridge advanced ) . 
  you ca n't really fail these unless you do n't show up . 
  otherwise , you get a quallificative : utilizator mediu ( medium user ) ; avansat ( advanced user ) ; experimentat ( experienced user ) afterwards come the written exams . 
  all profiles have to take the romanian one , and afterwards what you take is dependent on the profile you had during high-schooll ; one mandatory exam based on that and one that you choose . 
  science profiles ( maths , it , biology and so on ) have to take the mandatory maths exam and then have a choice , usually between biology , computer science , chemistry and physics . 
  meanwhile , the humanities profile ( my own ) have to take the mandatory history exam and then have a choice between geography , logic , psychology , economics and philosophy . 
  here , you get grades , with the minimum passing grade being 6 , and the max one being 10 . 
  after the exam 's over and the results are shown you may contest the results ( contestatie ) . 
  this requires the exam to be corrected again by another panel of teachers and another grade assigned . 
  after a short time , the final grades are up . 
  yes , we do have press coverage ; interviews with students , complaining about results going down year by year , comparing them with previous years , and of course , showing off the gems . 
  ( ro : perle ; particularly funny mistakes that may or may have not been written intentionally ) personally , i have to take the romanian , history and geography exams next week . 
  wish me luck . 
  [ boureanu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=041sqtmz6om ), 
  lyrical : * mihai eminescu , luceafarul/dorinta/epigonii / floare albastra ( the morning star/the desire/the unworthy successors/blue flower ) * george bacovia , plumb/lacustra ( lead/lacustrine ) * mircea cartarescu , poema chiuvetei ( the sink 's poem ) * ion pillat , aci sosi pe vremuri ( here she arrived once ) * lucian blaga , eu nu strivesc corola de minuni a lumii ( ( i do not squash the world 's crown of wonder ) * ion vinea , ora fantanilor ( the wells ' hour ) * ion barbu , din ceas dedus/riga crypto si lapona enigel ( from the clock , deduced/the king crypto and the lapplander enigel ) * tudor arghezi , testament/flori de mucigai ( testament/mold flowers ) * nichita stanescu , leoaica tanara , iubirea ( young she-lion , love ) epic : * ion creanga , povestea lui harap alb ( harap alb [ white slave/moor ] 's tale ) * liviu rebreanu , ion/padurea spanzuratilor ( ion/forest of the hanged ) * mircea eliade , la tiganci ( at the gypsy women ) * camil petrescu , ultima noapte de dragoste , intaia noapte de razboi ( last night of love , first night of war ) * george calinescu , enigma otiliei ( otilia 's enigma ) * ioan slavici , moara cu noroc ( the fortunate mill ) * mihail sadoveanu , baltagul ( the hatchet ) * marin preda , morometiii ( the moromete family ) * mircea nedelciu , zmeura de campie ( the field raspberry ) * costache negruzzi , alexandru lapusneanu * eminescu again , sarmanul dionis ( poor dionis ) dramaturgy : * i.l caragiale , o scrisoare pierduta ( a lost letter ) * camil petrescu again , jocul ielelor ( the iele 's dance ) * marin sorescu , iona ( jonah ) note that dionis and la tiganci usually cancel each other out , as you need to know one . 
  did n't even include the rest of the baccalaureate programme , including the wonderful currents of maiorescu , lovinescu and the 1848 ` ers . 
  personally i have learned it by myself , by hearing and singing it at home . 
  at school we did n't really talk much about it , music class was shit from the 5th grade up . 
  it 's been everywhere on the radio since ... march i believe , and it 's been going strong to this day . 
  that 's how popular it is . 
  i like it personally . 
  have n't even heard of it until now . 
  it would be weird to see dragnea here . 
  almost nonexistent . 
  - romania . 
  closest thing i could think of . 
  edit : a few other battle cries , not sure if accurate , we do not really have a history of using these on a large scale , i think . 
  - for country and people . 
  - death to enemies . 
  - long live the fatherland . 
  i personally find black friday funny . 
  otherwise ... 
  i 'm fine with most stuff for the most part . 
  caroling 's dying out ? 
  fantastic , more quiet for me . 
  christmas presents ? 
  good again . 
  funny for the most part , i do n't take it seriously . 
  better than some dreary day spent in a cemetery by all rates . 
  huh . 
  they 're still fine and dandy over here . 
  fine by me ; the food court is great . 
  i just want to be done with university in 3 years ' time ( not first year , barely got out of hs ) and return home afterwards to live out my days in peace and quiet . 
  no travelling or that stuff for me . 
  i do n't really like the winters ; they can get very cold . 
  i wish that they were far warmer . 
  otherwise ... meh , i 'm fine . 
  could use more heat though . 
  not much . 
  considering that most of them are either corrupt or incompetent ... even that sliver of trust may seem much . 
  i do n't have that much of a connection with the eu . 
  i identify more readily with my country than with the eu . 
  fire and earthquake drills . 
  it 's a glorious one nonetheless . 
  keep it . 
  very good in general , planning to study it . 
  special interest in rome , byzantium and part of the middle ages . 
  as it is , no , but the ideal ... probably . 
  or a drunk english sailor trying to speak german . 
  * mona ( sanitary alcohol ) all i can think for now , others are more divided . 
  gheorghe hagi , obviously . 
  not much . 
  it reminds me of wwii , but it has a nice design . 
  exile to israel , personally .
