  influence : plenty as well , as they can mobilize the elderly and the late middle-aged folks . 
  ( the main voting group of romania ) wealth : a lot . 
  their own tourism agency , radio , and [ approx . 
  91 million euro cathedral being built right now . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_people%27s_salvation_cathedral )  on local level , how much influence does priests still have ? 
  plenty , again . 
  * first image : icon of father arsenie boca , house blessing ; this icon of father arsenie boca is made towards the utility and blessing of all whom are in need of aid and well-being . 
  for health and salvation , blessed ; underneath , victor ponta president . 
  second image : esteemed orthodox christian voter , when you vote do n't betray your faith and people !, 
  vote victor ponta , romanian and orthodox christian !, 
  `` my god , do n't forsake your servants whom live away from the church ; may your love bring all to you '' ~ prayer of the blessed paisie the aghiorite, 
  meant something else ; the 2 hours ' total tv runtime was mostly filled with ceausescu speeches , commie propaganda and such stuff . 
  cartoons were `` meh '' and took up only a small part of the programming . 
  couple minutes of cartoons a day out of 2 hours ' tv runtime , mostly filled with the dear leader 's propaganda . 
  ... which was n't really a thing over here . 
  if i really could n't avoid it , let it be as decentralized as possible , so as the average joe would still feel he lives in country x or country y rather than an `` european union '' . 
  in a nutshell , i agree the most with u/fansch in this regard ... except on the eu army , of course . 
  misguided idiots with no real occupation or ambitions . 
  baron of teleorman , convicted for vote-rigging , responsible for siphoning a lot of money from the state budget and into his own pockets , mastermind and puppetmaster of the current and last cabinets to the point of micromanagement and toppling cabinets that do n't follow orders anymore , author of the corruption-decree , and more . 
  they are brought out every once in a while ; during cultural festivals or folk music recitals or weekend tv specials . 
  well , over here psd usually tries to capitalize on the `` proper romanian orthodox '' angle during elections . 
  visible when they tried to present ponta in 2014 as the `` good orthodox '' alternative to the `` bad country-selling lutheran '' iohannis . 
  they also usually bring out the `` not romanian orthodox = will destroy the good romanian orthodox romania and its people '' attacks every once in a while on antena3 or rtv, 
  [ this . 
  for the glory of the empire !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bzwsjg93p8 ) [ or this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g136godwkhc ) anyway , something martial , bombastic , to feel the blood rush in your veins as you hear . 
  well , they still are a thing amongst older women in rural transylvania , but my town 's not exactly rural either . 
  it 's a mix of both rural and urban . 
  ahh ... the joys of smaller towns . 
  not really either to be honest . 
  not really tbh ; considering i live in a small town in transylvania , my area 's practically hijab-free . 
  in my life ... probably i 've seen a few in london once , but i ca n't really remember . 
  never . 
  * because i see no value in getting drunk ; it 's more impeding than anything , really . 
  you ca n't drive , you ca n't think clearly , you ca n't even walk properly , you feel like shit the day after ; or in some cases , immediately afterwards . 
  i believe life is more than booze , cigars , weed and company . 
  * it 's also addictive , and can be very expensive . 
  drinking your sorrows is never a solution to any problem , and can only make such situations worse . 
  not to mention that , even if you drink in small amounts , socially , you might still become plastered against your will , and commit deeds you might regret tomorrow . 
  * because alcoholic beverages generally have that rancid aftertaste . 
  i 'm a teetotaler in a very booze-friendly country . 
  you can guess what i think about it . 
  correcting bordergore is a goal in itself . 
  crimea , sure . 
  corsica ... just to be able to hand it back to italy , and ni to ireland . 
  well , i 've lived here for most of my life , it 's a small enoug town for me , i 've had a good life so far , no monetary issues ( i 've had the luck of being born into the upper-middle class , for which i am very thankful ; but let 's not skip to the conclusiom that i can just afford everything , i 'm relatively thrifty ) , and as such i have n't had as many problems here as others . 
  i also want to help make this country better so as to reduce the amount of people leaving , so that 's that . 
  we do . 
  1st of december ; there 's two military parades , one in bucharest ( the capital ) and one in alba iulia ( where the grand union of 1918 took place , also my hometown ) , fireworks shows all over the country , flags are put up . 
  next year 's going to be the 100th year since the great union ( 1918 borders back please ) , so celebrations will be even more special . 
  we also have the independence day of 9 may . 
  the day kogalniceanu proclaimed our independence in front of parliament ; 10 may also counts due to the then-prince ( later king ) carol i signing the proclamation into law . 
  these two are n't as celebrated , however . 
  add in greece and the european part of turkey in , and it will be perfect . 
  perhaps zakarpattia and slovakia as well ... kosovo ... soo exciting , the empire we never got to have !, 
  * jidan ( jew ) ; antiquated * le\u0219 ( pole ) ; le\u0219 also is an older word for cadaver * neam\u021b ( german ) ; not exactly derogatory , but may still fit . 
  * fran\u021buz ( frenchman ) ; same as above . 
  some other ones i could think of . 
  not too common , sadly , even though i was taught latin , and can understand some parts of it . 
  i wish i could be fluent in both , amongst many other languages . 
  endless complaining about them . 
  they are n't too well-liked by people , as exemplified by dragnea 's electoral victory , when he campaigned on a platform of `` cut taxes , raise wages and pensions '' . 
  not sure to be honest . 
  not at all . 
  makes no sense . 
  hmm . 
  i do n't want to live anywhere else other than romania to be honest . 
  if i had to ... 
  the united states , preferrably somewhere warm , relatively homogenous , and hilly , closer to the mountains , but also having access to the sea . 
  depends . 
  if i see that the outlet 's looser or if i want to be careful then i do ; otherwise , i do n't . 
  * hungarians : want to take over transylvania to this day , ca n't speak correct romanian to save their lives * rusians : hotheaded drunks * dutchmen : like polders , windmills and clogs , do n't like us . 
  * germans : make good cars , serious to a fault , like beer too much * uk : they do n't really like us either , have a queen , everyone just calls them england anyway , scots are cheapskates * spain : that 's where we go to pick strawberries , bullfights , hot weather * france : like wine and eating snails , baguettes and ca n't pronounce the letter r to save their lives hon hon hon * switzerland : cheese , mountains and cows * italy : pizza , beaches , hot weather again , pasta, 
  with * everything * mind you . 
  according to the romanian state secretariat for cults [ site ] ( http://www.culte.gov.ro/biserici-culte ) ( translated verbatim ) : * the romanian orthodox church * the serbian orthdox bishopric of timisoara * the roman catholic church * the romanian church united with rome , greek catholic * the archbishopric of the armenian church * the orthdox russian old rite church of romania * the reformed church of romania * the c.a evangelical church of romania * the lutheran evangelical church of romania * the unitarian church of transylvania * the christian baptist cult - union of the baptist churches of romania * the christian church by the gospel of romania-union of the christian churches by the gospel of romania * the romanian evangelical church * the christian pentecostal cult : the apostolic church of god of romania * the 7th day adventist church of romania * the federation of jewish communities of romania-the mosaic cult * the muslim cult * the religious organisation `` jehovah 's witnesses '', 
  they do, 
  pretty much everybody . 
  1881-1914 and 1918-1940 . 
  times of high cultural development , even if the economy did n't really keep pace . 
  also , 1918-1940 was a good time territorially for us as we achieved the greater romania ideal at that time . 
  `` the state provides funding for the church in proportion to the number of its members , based on census returns and `` the religion 's needs '' which is considered to be an `` ambiguous provision '' . currently , the state provides the funds necessary for paying the salaries of priests , deacons and other prelates and the pensions of retired clergy , as well as for expenses related to lay church personnel . 
  for the orthodox church this is over 100 million euros for salaries , with additional millions for construction and renovation of church property . 
  the same applies to all state-recognised religions in romania . 
  the state also provides support for church construction and structural maintenance , with a preferential treatment of orthodox parishes.the state funds all the expenses of orthodox seminaries and colleges , including teachers ' and professors ' salaries who , for compensation purposes , are regarded as civil servants . '', 
  not really . 
  i like having our own currency and still having control over our border , in my point of view . 
  staying somewhat more distant would give us more flexibility imho . 
  not to mention that economically we 're just not ready for that yet . 
  we 'd better wait first and get rid of the current problems before we even think about more integration , at least in my opinion . 
  population decline . 
  no , and no intention of seeing it either . 
  not interested . 
  * what country are you from romania * what do you like about your healthcare system nothing . 
  * how is it paid for ? 
  afaik through a tax and through paying for the drugs you take over there . 
  * is it efficient ? 
  cost effective , mortality rates , etc very hit or miss . 
  urban area hospitals can be ok-ish at times , but some others can be the thing of nightmares . 
  * are you satisfied with your healthcare ? 
  eh , did n't really have to go too much to the hospital , but the few times i did i did n't really enjoy it .
