  a tight line to be precise ; i basically want the eu to be more akin to a confederation than a federation , with the states being the ones running the show than brussel . 
  not to mention that they should still have a degree of freedom so as to be able to set their own foreign policies for example . 
  no eu army , no eurozone , no political union . 
  basically , a glorified trade area . 
  doubt it . 
  i literally have n't heard of whatshisname until this post , and besides that who cares about the skin color in such circumstances ? 
  i do n't mind it . 
  it 's a fact of the language , everyone here grew up with it , and at least it makes more sense than in some other languages . 
  * cough-cough * german * cough-cough *, 
  not necessarily , some of us are n't fans of alcohol or tobacco either . 
  unfortunately , a small minority ... 
  agreed , the eu is a giant mess that tries to overreach . 
  hmm . 
  ukraine 's most likely . 
  probably followed by moldova 's . 
  greater romania shall live on !, 
  after that ... not sure tbh . 
  but aside from that , hope they remain the same ... except in the caucasus . 
  artsakh is armenia . 
  government is bad , but the country is ok in my opinion . 
  shame that there 's no viable candidate for the position of shah though ... 
  barebones only , and only once . 
  basically , dutch united , removed the spanish and made a repuhlic of their own , emphasizing the `` republic '' `` liberty '' and perhaps the `` banking '' aspect . 
  not that discussed if i remember . 
  too much focus on wwi and the versailles treaties imho . 
  not to mention that our attempts at revolting in 1848 are too hyped.they 're searching for connections with western european countries where there are little-to-none . 
  i personally would like it if * 1 ) more eastern european history is teaught instead of western european history . 
  ( we 're taught about french feudalism , the dutch revolt and the english parliamentarianism while we ignore stuff that happened on our doorstep like poland-lithuania or our neighbors ) * 2 ) less black-and-white posturing and a more gray approach in some areas . 
  wwi for example : entente is presented as unequivocally good and the central powers as unequivocally bad . 
  * 3 ) less medieval posturing . 
  we were n't the `` gate of christendom '' and `` europe 's shield '' ; we were basically skin-of-the-dick for europe at the time , and still kinda are . 
  * 4 ) again . 
  less trying to fit us in in an european context where we have literally no business being there . 
  keep in mind that this is coming from a self-identified nationalist , so you can imagine that it 's rather bad . 
  primary school ( grades 1 to 4 ) : give out qualificatives , based on this scheme : * foarte bine ( fb ) ( very good ) * bine ( b ) ( good ) * suficient ( s ) ( sufficient ) * insufficient ( i ; or is , no idea ) ( insufficient-fail ) after the 4th grade , you get actual grades , from a scale from 1 to 10 . 
  * 1-lowest possible ; usually awarded for cheating or in the rare situation you do n't know a thing * 2 - seriously bad ; usually awarded for cheating or for total incompetence . 
  * 3 - very bad * 4 - bad . 
  first of the bad grades . 
  * 5 - below average ; pass grade . 
  * 6 - average . 
  * 7 - slightly above average * 8 - good * 9 - very good * 10 - excellent, 
  you ca n't trust it . 
  scold one off for simple requests , and expect you to know the procedures ahead of time , and they can get pissed off if you ask them a single question . 
  unless you know that person ; then it 's not that big of a problem . 
  getting elected ... good luck taking down the party machines . 
  the local barons are firmly entrenched . 
  hmm . 
  from a climate and cultural pov i would facor the south . 
  geographically , it has to have both mountains and access to the sea . 
  from a red-blue pov , i find myself leaning slightly towards the gop , so ... georgia/south carolina , or ... heck , virginia . 
  i like the present time from a life point of view , but from another point of view i perhaps would 've been more suited to the late 19th-early 20th century . 
  in a way , you kinda got it . 
  hmm . 
  starter progressively ; when i was about 4 , i had little to no problem with them ( edit : but always found them rather odd ; always had a preference for more solid fare ) , but eventually gained a hard dislike around 10 , which has stuck since . 
  frequency remains at hard zero . 
  eh , the mures river 's on the outskirts , and the town 's way bigger than it . 
  plus , i would n't drink from it if i were any of you . 
  i do n't like soups , so none . 
  nope , we do n't even have any tourism jingles if i remember correctly . 
  last time i tried it it gave me [ right-wing populism . 
  the us of a , most probably . 
  sure , tax system 's a pain , but i just feel drawn to it for some reason . 
  i honestly ca n't really think of an answer here . 
  whoever would it be , it 'd just be more of the same . 
  probably i 'd go with orban . 
  first , right-wing = / = racist , fascist . 
  second , i do n't really need to . 
  my relatively right-wing ideals seem to be relatively common in my area , so , no . 
  only sometimes do i need to slightly tone them down , but never hide them entirely . 
  moldova , because greater romania of course . 
  i like it . 
  small , quaint , nice , would n't live anywhere else . 
  nah , i find them to be a compromise between the conservatives , who can still keep their definition of marriage , the church , who wants nothing to do with gay marriage , and the activists who want full gay marriage , but are by far the minority . 
  * brought by soldiers ' hand . 
  back to the fatherland , long live carolus rex *, 
  direct rule from bucharest baby . 
  * end of the world war ; austria-hungary collapses * trianon : greater hungary gets partitioned ; losing a ton of its territory . 
  * hungary decides to go soviet under bela kun . 
  * hungary decides to hold on a bit to some parts of the country in violation of trianon . 
  romania comes in , kicks them out of transylvania and occupies budapest . 
  * hungarian soviet republic is no more ; romania leaves former admiral horthy in charge , decision that will bite us in the ass hard in 1940 . 
  this is what i remember , hungarians welcome . 
  rome , the eternal . 
  of course . 
  our interwar borders are seen over here as a time of prosperity , where we were seen somewhat more positively amongst the other nations , instead of the piss-poor country we have now . 
  yeah , but not over here . 
  it 's a recent phenomenon in my country , far away from the places where it is predominant , aka south asia . 
  never met one , never met a vegetarian either ; it 's practically nonexistant over here . 
  silly fad imho . 
   what are your thoughts on children of parents with different nationality ? 
  no problems with them to be honest . 
  if they integrate in the host country , why should there be any problem ? 
  i personally am slightly intrigued , especially considering that they 're not that common over here , especially in ' `` strange '' combinations . 
   i consider myself half danish and half norwegian , is this something you find silly , or normal ? 
  no problem here either . 
  it 's your heritage ; be proud of who you are . 
  o comet , devil 's kith and kin ... 
  ** hunting accident intensifies **, 
  i think so as well ... but there was a chance . 
  and if circumstances get dire enough , there might be enough support for a restoration ...
