  hmm ... 
  either virginia or texas , no idea . 
  and they 're fucking annoying both to get rid of and when they appear . 
  [ roughly like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/agm50jv.png ) . 
  tired as hell , going to sleep now , will answer stuff tomorrow . 
  not quite nazi , but weird nonetheless . 
  not really popular . 
  people might tune in sometimes , mostly to see what we do in events where we participate , but most people just find them boring , me included . 
  not really . 
  there are a lot of places , like the neamt citadel where i feel it 's really out of place and should be taken down . 
  yes , practically exclusively . 
  eh , everything should be unique and nothing should be united . 
  well , we got a rather big problem with a large amount of the gypsy community refusing to integrate and commiting a lot of crime . 
  colonia lunaris iulia selena . 
  positive for the most part , as long as that feeling is not only sincere , but also channeled on making the country better . 
  ideally , a nationalist worries about his country when choosing policy , tries to help people around him . 
  by itself , there 's nothing wrong with treasuring and trying to preserve your country 's culture , independence , traditions , language , and everything . 
  i consider myself a national-conservative , and i want my country to prosper , ideally through its own strength as much as possible . 
  a motivated populace can do this , yet corruption and our extremely bloated bureaucracy keep us down . 
  should we get rid of these , we can become a relatively developed country while trying to preserve the good parts of our old ways and our country as much as possible . 
  european as in living on the continent-looking around i guess ? 
  european as in part of the eu - practically nothing . 
  transylvania to hungary ... noope , noope , i 'd probably jump ship to america or to the south , or even take up arms . 
  ah , and when tariceanu comminted a faux-pas when visiting spain . 
  and the `` cosmogonic earthquake '' from a civic force guy 's head . 
  walking . 
  then come the car and the bus . 
  anything else is n't really practical atm , and bikes can burn . 
  yeah . 
  altough i know that the machines there are n't autonomous , but controlled by a human , so it 's not the same thing . 
  yet this does n't change that we should control them , not let them control us . 
  and i wo n't trust a machine with my life . 
  brake ? 
  or just not drive in the first place to avoid such incidents . 
  personally i know most of them , but the only one we really have a stereotype about would be texas ; everyone is a revolver-toting cowboy who owns a big ranch and lives comfortably . 
  and they have big cars . 
  rather badly , as he imposed a communist dictatorship on us even after we switched sides in 1944 to the allies , and he was a very ruthless paranoid powermonger . 
  god no . 
  automation is going a bit too far imho , and driverless cars can be very dangerous . 
  not to mention that it 's a bad idea to give mechanical things intelligence , until we manage to somehow make the idea of rebellion impossible to fathom . 
  also , eu-cracy is n't my cup of tea , and i 'd rather have brussels stay off our backs as much as possible . 
  dragnea 's logic : `` werner and julien are n't romanian enough/sevil shhaideh '' and do n't forget the ever-popular dacomanic stuff ; dacians were original people , dacians spoke romanian , dacians spoke latin before the romans did , and when they came they could understand the language flawlessly , but soros and the vatican archives keep it under wraps in the secret vatican library to undermine the original dacian orthodox people . 
  also , funar 's stuff like einstein plagiarized eminescu or stuff like tesla was romanian or any important inventor was romanian for some reason . 
  * the parrot . 
  an old lady with a parrot on her arm will come to you , asking if you want a love-ticket from the parrot or if you want the parrot to tell you the future . 
  i do n't know precisely how it goes , managed to fend one off before i found out . 
  presumably she distracts you with the parrot and discreetly pickpockets you . 
  * shells , or alba-neagra . 
  a guy will place a ball under a plastic cup , which is located on a board among 3 others . 
  he will mix up , and announce he 's paying you to guess the ball , but you 'll pay him if you do n't . 
  but the catch is that he wo n't give you anything ; he 'll say if you guess that he needs a big bill of money to exchange it , as he lacks small bills or coins . 
  he 'll take it and wo n't give it back , and repeat until he 's done . 
  was a witness to this ; a guy actually got around 2000 euros from some schmuck at a gas station in austria , while on a trip back to romania . 
  * oh , and the car-washing gypsies . 
  they 'll approach you at a red light or crossing , offer to wash your car and then chit-chat with you while probing the read doors and checking out if you got goods of value . 
  if your car is n't locked down and anything of value is unguarded , a dude will come and steal what he can get . 
  liviu dragnea as of now . 
  some nobodies spend some time on an island in god-knows-where , hook up , hook up with the hot aides , and get voted off for reasons i have no idea of . 
  it 's confusing . 
  some celebrities agree to live on a farm for a time and get progressively voted out . 
  then again , this is kinda odd for me to put in , as it 's been a short-runner so far ( another season is in the works tho ) . 
  * un show pacatos `` a sinful show '' . 
  [ these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qew_yibzwo ) [ should ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67yadeyr4sy ) tell you everything . 
  ( first guy said `` i 've been honest , i do n't give a fuck ... to the youth of romania ; i 've done what i 've done , i 've drunk what i 've drunk , i 've fucked what i 've fucked '' ) * wowbizz . 
  idiots making asses of themselves and celebrity gossip . 
  * acces direct . 
  same shit as above . 
  some idiots making asses of themselves , combined with sob stories . 
  edit : forgot about sunt celebru , scoate-ma de aici `` i 'm famous , get me out of here '' - famously scripted , a few local `` celebrities '' have to compete in yet another elimination reality show competition . 
  said to take place somewhere tropical , but it 's most likely to be in a studio . 
  do n't know if it still runs . 
   halt , stop that guy . 
  just ... that guy xd, 
  ugh , communism . 
  no , thanks , but i do n't want cigars and co. either . 
  no idea , and i wish it was n't . 
  a lot of people smoke over here ( almost 5 million people ) , and i do n't understand why . 
  i would blame the lax enforcement of the law preventing minors to buy cigarettes . 
  had the law been more strictly enforced , far less people would be smoking over here , imho . 
  unification with moldova is preferrable , altough problematic at the moment . 
  does n't mean we should just stop trying , however . 
  well , round this time the priest comes by to bless the house . 
  ( can happen earlier the bigger the town ) . 
  he comes by , sings along with some assistants the epiphany troparion , sprinkles the rooms of the house with holy water using a basil sprig , and then the people in the house kiss the cross . 
  afterwards , the hosts may offer the priest some food or drink , the tithe is paid , and then the priest moves on . 
  20 + c+m+b +17 this year . 
  and it 's not a vandalization , it 's more like a blessing of sorts . 
  20 and 17 represent this year ( last year it was 20 + c + m + b +16 , for example ) , and c , m and b stand for christus mansionem benedicat ( christ blessed this home ) . 
  or caspar , melchior and balthasar . 
  not really . 
  on a personal level , yes . 
  on the national level , no . 
  streamline and slightly lower taxes . 
  only some rather `` enterprising people '' do ( and even then , it 's mostly petards ) , and they have to be careful , because it 's illegal here . 
  so , most people watch the local firework show . 
  yes . 
  [ please ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dllo85zsuk ), 
   my town in romania  traffic problem  mayor decides to do something  fills town with small brick roundabouts  all goes well for the moment  some people crash into them , no problem  problem ensues when a roundabout is put in the middle of a junction that still has lights  lights are not taken out  now people ( me included ) can get stuck in the roundabout if they do n't make it out of the roundabout before the light goes red again  traffic lights do n't work on regular intervals but on button pushes  queues form at that roundabout  you can guess how stuff works out  spoiler , it 's a mess  yet another such roundabout is planned , with push-button lights  welp.html  thanks elis pavaje  only in romania, 
  i 'll tell them to turn away . 
  if they do n't , shoot .
