  at all . 
  * under the rule of ilham aliyev , perceived by some to be a strongman in the vein of putin . 
  despite this , they are generally secular . 
  * shia muslims * speak a language that is related to , and mutually intelligible with turkish . 
  they use the latin alphabet . 
  ( azeris in iran use the perso-arabic one as wel ) * azeris played an important role in iran 's history ; ismail i safavid was ethnically azeri if i remember correctly . 
  * capital of azerbaijan is baku , but culturally their center would be in tabriz . 
  hmm . 
  not really . 
  not really . 
  we do n't really discuss the pacific war in-depth ; we say that japan attacked the us in pearl harbor , the atlantic charter was signed , us pushed them back to japan , the nukes were used . 
  not much mention about the other stuff . 
  * [ protochronism ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/protochronism ) ; basically dacians were best of the best and were identical to romanians of today * follow-up to above : latin evolved from dacian and everything about the dacians ( the real truth ) is hidden from view in the secret libraries of the vatican . 
  * anti-vaxxers * big pharma controls everything ; and that diverse cures for all diseases like the cure for cancer were hidden away by big pharma to make money . 
  * the masonic gay atheist anti-orthodox jewish west is out to destroy the idyllic peaceful orthodox christian romanians and their moral life . 
  ( this is mixed in with the dacian one pretty often ) * some believers in [ this guy 's crap ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/ryke_geerd_hamer ), 
  i want britain to have the greatest deal possible , and i wish them good luck . 
  not my country . 
  a bunch of overpaid crooks who do nothing but spew out stupid declarations , sleep while parliament is in session or feather their own nests . 
  so , all in all , negative . 
  our sports teams ( especially football ) do tend to have names like that . 
  case in point : fc unirea alba iulia ( union alba iulia-union of 1918 ) fc cfr cluj ( probably because team was funded by the state railway company ) fc universitatea cluj ( university of cluj ) fc viitorul constanta ( future constanta ; newer team that looks to the future instead of the past ... ? ), 
  fc gaz metan medias ( methane gas medias-city is near gas fields , was a center of those ) fc otelul galati - ( galati steel ; city is a major steel-producing center ) so , if they were to be even more americanized , they 'd follow a similar scheme i guess ; galati steelers ; alba iulia 18ers ; cluj railworkers ; timisoara polytechnicians ; bucharest red dogs and so on . 
  `` k\u00fcrt\u0151skal\u00e1cs ( hungarian pronunciation : [ kyrt\u00f8\u02d0\u0283k\u0252la\u02d0t\u0283 ] , sometimes transliterated kurtosh kalach ) is a spit cake specific to hungarian-speaking regions in romania , more predominantly the sz\u00e9kely land . 
  earlier a festive treat , now it is part of everyday consumption . 
  k\u00fcrt\u0151skal\u00e1cs is made from sweet , yeast dough ( raised dough ) , of which a strip is spun and then wrapped around a truncated cone -- shaped baking spit , and rolled in granulated sugar . 
  it is roasted over charcoal while basted with melted butter , until its surface cooks to a golden-brown color . 
  during the baking process the sugar stuck on the k\u00fcrt\u0151skal\u00e1cs caramelises and forms a shiny , crispy crust . 
  the surface of the cake can then be topped with additional ingredients such as ground walnut or powdered cinnamon . '', 
  it 's very popular here at fairs . 
  no , it 's a pastry . 
  no , to be honest . 
  they do n't seem like they want in . 
  fine by me . 
  alba iulia-ora\u0219ul unirii ( union city-the union of transylvania with romania was proclaimed here on 1 december 1918 ) alcal\u00e1 de henares-ora\u0219ul rom\u00e2nilor ( rarely used , perhaps due to the concentration of romanians over there ), 
  as with other parts of the balkans , turkish soap operas are well-known over here . 
  m\u00fchtesem y\u00fczil ( suleyman magnificul in romanian ) was king over here during its run . 
  aside from it , bahar is relatively popular here . 
  aside from turkish soap operas , latino ones ( and more recently some korean and indian ones ) are relatively popular , having an entire channel dedicated to them . 
  not that i watch them myself , just stating a fact . 
  ( altough tbh i did end up watching part of an episode of a latino soap opera my grandma was a fan of , and i still hate ignac\u00edo because of it . ), 
  as a folk we generally are n't interestee in that . 
  if the average joe knew bout the us parties , he 'd say the democrats are somewhat centrist , and the reps are more conservative . 
  single , still not over a damn crush . 
  doubt we have those here . 
  it 's mostly normal ordering around these parts . 
  not to mention that some parliamentarians just sleep during meetings , or even watch porn ( well , that was a government guy if i remember but still ) . 
  some of them , like nicolicea , are there just to sleep . 
  nope , i dislike this actually . 
  i 'm a fan of the united states and believe that one can discuss sanely with donald , given time . 
  we 're barely within the first term and we 're already turning up the `` european chauvinism '' , whilist we 're nothing better than the us . 
  amen to you . 
  aside from the income tax , you have the vat , a tax on profits obtained by businesses , excises , social contributions , the car tax , and other local taxes ( buildings , land , means of transportation , and so on ) until now we had a pay-as-you-go system ; aside from the vat , they got deducted from the paycheck . 
  now , the social democratic ( re : mafia ) government wants to get rid of that and introduce a system akin to the us tax system . 
  sad . 
  i wanted a cut , but not like this . 
  nope , parliament does n't really give a damn . 
  yes . 
  mainly because of : going to work ( romanians going strawberry-picking in spain ) or going to an university and remaining there after you 're done . 
  a major problem imo . 
  assuming it happens , no . 
  they 'd be free to form a union of their own , and i doubt they 'd want in on this mess that we have . 
  plus , i 'd have nowhere to flee to if the us joins . 
  practically nonexistent , as the social-democratic party is just a party of crooks and thieves . 
  being that i am right-winged myself , i would n't have supported them either way . 
  commonly-used words : * zori ( early morning ) ; 05-06 * diminea\u021b\u0103 ( morning ) ; 06-11 * amiaz\u0103 ( noon ) ; 11-12 * dup\u0103-amiaz\u0103 ( afternoon ) ; 13-17 * sear\u0103 ( evening ) ; 17-20 * noapte ( night ) ; 21-23 ; 01-05 * miezul nop\u021bii ( midnight ) ; 00-01 ( special time during night ), 
  wot in tarnation . 
  we do n't even have those , and if we did , we 'd probably find it ridiculous . 
  spinners and kendamas are everywhere , especially among middle schoolers . 
  so , i 'd say it 's a pretty big craze . 
  the `` save romania union '' founded in 2016 , after the unexpected success of bucharest mayoral candidate nicusor dan and his `` save bucharest union '' party . 
  he decided to take it to the national level , trying to make it a `` big-tent '' - party . 
  but , after the election , cracks began to show , and the aforementioned nd eventually quit the party after the family referendum highlighted the dissension between the progressive and the conservative wings . 
  nope , ca n't recognize a thing . 
  and hungarian is just baszmegized turko-slavic . 
  well , similar to france i guess . 
  judge hands out the verdict after each side presents arguments . 
  males : alexander , julian , tudor , constantine ( or constantius ) , dominic , maurice ; undecided on other roman emperor names . 
  undecided after this point . 
  keeping options open . 
  no real opinion to be honest , not too much of a cinephile . 
  yes , they all share a foundation , but they can be quite different . 
  french is one of the more divergent ones if i remember . 
  strange . 
  oh , got no issue with that . 
  i was surprised by the fact that it identified me as hungarian or greek before getting it right . 
  amused , due to the historically odd situation between us and hungarians . 
  i can live without those tbh , do n't see it as too big of a deal . 
  in my case , it came out like this : our top three guesses for your english dialect : * 1 . 
  singaporean * 2 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics * 3 . 
  south african our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : * 1 . 
  hungarian * 2 . 
  greek * 3 . 
  romanian ... hungarian ? 
  really ? 
  i remember that a similar test has been posted around here , but ca n't really find it . 
  first time around , i remember getting a mixed accent . . somewhat similar to philadelphia and the south , with some marginal similarities to california . 
  i 'll see what i can find . 
  hmm .
