  when sweden heads into civil war in 2030 , greece will help you guys out , it 's the least we could do . 
  yup so bad at implementing stuff that one of the worlds leading investment firms says greece deserves a + rating for massive economic reversals in last 2 years - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eplhpqs2bgk `` our most rigorous accounting concluded that greece has gdp/debt ratio below 100 % , not 160 % as brussels says , due to them using non-accounting numbers '', 
  they are probably hiding in some cyprus bank, 
  these links are for fsa being driven out/killed and weapons depot taken over by aq alligned groups http://www.trackingterrorism.org/article/what-did-islamic-front-plunder-fsa-weapons-depot http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/3099610/posts http://www.aawsat.net/2013/12/article55324955 this is about the leader of fsa salim idriss fleeing to qatar - http://world.time.com/2013/12/12/top-u-s-backed-rebel-commander-flees-syria/ the fsa top general riad al-asaad who is associated with the official start of the revolution with his famous video of him defecting and declaring war against assad has been missing for one month , nobody knows where he is and many are assuming he has been murdered - http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/free-syrian-army-commander-missing-in-turkey-report-.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=58433&amp;newscatid=352, 
  everything given to fsa has fallen into jihadist hands the fsa are history , they were driven out by radicals . 
  their weapons storage facilities raided , leaders executed , and most fighters either fled or joined with aq . 
  the leader of the fsa , idriss has fled ... fsa are officially disbanded for the most part every weapon given to fsa with french/uk/usa money is now in black-mask jihad gangs . 
  lots of greeks investing in turkey , good opportunities now, 
  destroying swedish culture one day at a time, 
  you do build great subs if not the best after all , you can never have enough subs , 
  greece could sustain war indefinitely because of gas/oil reserves and if needed due to a hard situation with eu not backing us which is very likely we would ditch the eu and align with russia/china fully germany lost both wars because of over-extending themselves , greece would not fight a war to invade europe , only a war to protect the country we have, 
  because we are surrounded by threats to the east we have turkey which at the moment we have great relations with but things can change very quickly without notice , especially with turkey being an open supporter of al-qaeda in syria it seems like turkish government might do something irrational to the north we have a mini-north korea who were brainwashed by a bunch of soviet propagandists to believe that they have some kind of ties with ancient macedonia when the people there speak a language that is 99.99999 % the same as bulgarian , share 60 % dna with bulgaria and did n't appear there until 1,000 years after the fall of makedon empire . 
  . they hate greeks , even more than turks !, 
  think about that for a second . 
  those crazy idiots think that greeks stole their `` proud '' macedonian history and have a deep hatred of greece for `` occupying '' their `` macedonian '' lands . 
  war with them is not a question of if but when . 
  to the northwest we have albania , at the moment we have neutral/ok relations with but if some kind of conflict ever breaks out than has always happened countless times albania will fight against the greeks there is also the cyprus issue and the `` unknown unknowns '' that could happen if europe goes to hell, 
  economies do n't win wars otherwise luxembourg would be a world power . 
  also we do have the economy needed to sustain war as we buy and own massive stockpiles of weapons already . 
  greek army is `` worth a damn '' largest tank force in europe which just received over 500 state of the art m1a1 abrams top rated air force pilots with over 200 new fighter jets , who have israel as main training partners navy with 5,000 year history and modern subs and battle ships and as bonus we control over 50 % of the entire worlds shipping fleet . 
  special forces that are like american ones we have green berets , rangers , seals , search and rescue and black ops forces ... all of the train year round we can mobilize 1 million fighters within a week . 
  please never compare us to cyprus again . 
  we can match uk/france easily on a serious external threat, 
  i know , i just think sweden is in a shitty position right now, 
  sweden does n't have problems with immigrants but with specificaly islamic immigrants that have created entire ghetto towns that ambulance and fire-fighters get attacked if they enter also it is debatable if the same immigrants are integrated into norway as can be seen here [ `` killing gays and stoning women is not radical , it is the way of islam '' says islamic cleric at gathering in oslo , norway ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv710c1dgpu ), 
  greece would make a good indie band name, 
  also france has a proud history of revolt against the elite , nobody protests better than the french as far as getting shit done, 
  good point , no wonder merkel is pissed germany wo n't be allowed in the `` five eyes '' club ( usa/canada/uk / australia/newzealand ) if/when uk leaves the eu , the eu would be smart to create a eu centered internet with privacy being top priority with multi-billion $ fines for countries that break the rules, 
  2014 is going to be a crazy year all around syria is about to turn into an all out saudi vs iran war with a turkey vs kurds war within a war ukraine might explode france is going extreme right-wing italy looks about to explode from austerity the way i see it right now . 
  it feels alot like pre-ww1 where we are one political assassination away for shit to hit the fan, 
  cyprus is the only place i would visit right now since it is still warm enough to go for a swim and is paradise compared to the rest of those countries even greek islands, 
  that is insane to say the same group who thinks 9/11 was a false flag is also same people who think rwandan genocide was a hoax . 
  first of all , i have never ever heard of someone saying the rwandan genocide was fake , in many years reading all crazy conspiracies this is the very first time i have even heard of this one there is a mountain of evidence that 9/11 was a false flag , to the point where it can not be denied . 
  the only thing up to debate was who were the players behind it and there are many theories behind this, 
  what an idiot . 
  . here 's another link about this - http://greece.greekreporter.com/2013/12/17/greek-former-minister-of-transport-arrested-for-driving-without-license/, 
  interesting flair , do you really want portugal to exit the eu and do you think it will improve your situation ? 
  wow , never heard of this guy , awesome job for the child of a greek immigrant to get to one of the highest positions possible in uk navy, 
  well take 5 on credit , thanks . 
  if you have a cell phone they can already track you, 
  with the direct help of goldman sachs , greece was pushed into the euro currency knowing they were not ready for it because germany wanted greece to pay for mercedes/bmw/tanks / military contracts/etc in euro and not drachma so that greece would be tied to euro debt and not drachma whcih they could just print at will and also with 2004 olympics coming up greece would get into so much debt they would eventually get taken over by the ecb/imf which is what happened with the troika if you think eu did not know the information was invalid when greece tried to enter euro currency you are extremely naive . 
  the greek islands for one are one of a kind , is my best guess they also do lots of shopping , they clear out entire stores , lots of new rich in turkey who like to shop in greece, 
  you do not need a phd in ancient studies to respect and acknowledge it , you seem to put way way to much value into ancient greek religion than is needed . 
  just because modern greeks do not believe in sky gods throwing down lightning bolts does n't mean they are less greek than the ancients , religion was only one facet of our ancient culture and cultures evolve over time like it or not every greek spends most of their childhood learning about the ancient greek philosphers and studies . 
  did you go to greek school and/or are you even greek ? 
  you seem to make massive assumptions which are totally wrong especially the last bit where modern greeks have a `` turkish '' mentality . 
  that is the stupidest thing i 've read all week . 
  first greek and turkish values are completely different , sexuality is celebrated in modern greece whereas in turkey it is shunned . 
  youthful love and relationships are encouraged in greece wheras in turkey it can get you killed in so called `` honor killings '' . 
  western philosphy holds infinite more value in greece than the turkish/eastern philosophy 's . 
  greek religion alone shows how our mentality is completely different than the islamic dominated way of life in turkey just because we share a few dishes and do n't follow pagan gods does n't mean modern greeks have betrayed their ancestors also there are over 600,000 modern greeks who still follow the pagan gods . 
  they are not beheaded or driven out like they would be in turkey . 
  we accept it and cherish it, 
  good deal for both sides , especially for greece we get to send back illegals and also more turkish tourists coming to greece, 
  in ancient greece to be greek was to follow the olympic gods but christianity quickly took the place of it . 
  but overall in greece , religion was a mix of both up until around 1,000 ad when the last pagan greeks in the area of south peloponnesus ceased to follow it the idea of orthodox equals greek took place during the ottoman times when our religion is what bonded the greek people and held us together during this foreign invasion greece is the only country outside of middle east to have a state religion and it is because the role the church played and during this time religion and ethnicity molded together . 
  in the modern age being catholic or athiest wo n't make you a `` non-greek '' but being muslim will like you said, 
  greeks will never cease to exist for the sole reason that like jews , religion is tied with ethnic identity to be greek is to be greek orthodox, 
  good, 
  i believe the current estimate is that drilling begins 2018 earliest and most likely will happen just before 2020 i can understand frustration with drilling not having started yet but i do n't think something like this should be rushed and we have the best in the world ( norwegians ) assisting us in our goals . 
  i hope by 2030 that greece not only provides 50 % of energy to europe but greece itself is completely self-sustaining with massive solar farms , wind turbines [ new japanese type ] ( http://cdn5.triplepundit.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/wind-lens.jpg ) and water turbines, 
  nsa spying free of charge, 
  greece + israel + cyprus is creating a `` gas triangle '' with potentially tens of trillions of gas/oil to exploit for europe . 
  short term the tap pipeline being built in north greece will bring gas from the vast reserves of azerbaijan to europe through greece . 
  completion of pipeline will likely be 2015-2016 . 
  long term the drilling in gas triangle begins 2020, 
  most people do n't know that in the indian revolution , gandhi and his peaceful protest movement was in fact only one small aspect if it . 
  there was massive violent protests and many of those leaders are loved more than gandhi inside india, 
  greek gdp/debt ratio is below 100 % according to founder of us firm japonica - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eplhpqs2bgk he found that brussels uses `` non-accounting '' numbers and dubious methods to push that 169 % number . 
  yeh , this map is bullshit at least for greece albanian is by far the biggest minority language in greece since they are around 3 % of population and biggest minority by far turkish is the biggest minority language in thrace region in the north-east near turkey . 
  my best guess is that they only used sample from this region, 
  `` no nation or culture is much to be proud of '' i do n't even know what to say . 
  you are just to brainwashed to argue with all i will say is that i am not arguing for a `` fascist '' state . 
  greeks are the most freedom-loving people on earth , no country on earth has such a deep history rooted in freedom & democracy . 
  the last thing i want is some golden dawn fascist hell-hole . 
  your brain works in black/white , one way or the other way and no middle-ground . 
  just because i am opposed to opening my borders to every person on earth who many despise freedom does n't mean i am fascist . 
  there needs to be a balance reached . 
  but ofcourse your brainwashed mind can only comprehend that as `` fascism '' it is not fascist to protect my heritage , every greek will protect our rich and proud culture and the same goes for the danes , who are not in the 12 % . 
  that is insane and complete lie . 
  i think that 's the point , he wants eu to drop negotiations instead of him doing it , which will cause a bigger back-lash, 
  you do realize there was a massive neo-nazi march in sweden last week right ? 
  being proud of your nationality , heritage and way of life is racist to people like you . 
  the majority of your own country-men are opposed to this `` global society '' you propose . 
  our ancestors did not form our countries so we could toss it away within a generation to build an ultra-capitalist machine `` global society '' that only benefits non-natives and sole purpose is to destroy the heritage and way of life of our european nationality . 
  i love european culture , all of it . 
  . when the eu first came to be i thought the purpose was to create a european nation . 
  but it has turned out to be nothing more than a capitalist , soul-destroying , heritage-destroying `` global society '' where being flooded with people who despise our culture and way of life coming in by the truck-load every day . 
  the vast majority of your own country-men oppose your ideas and unfortunately you will have to discover this the hard way . 
  you are the reason europe will soon be heading to civil war , when you can not have a debate on immigration without being called names like racist , xenophone , etc then you push people to just say fuck it and commit . 
  i do n't have a problem with most immigrants in greece , my only issue is that islam is clashing with european ideals in northern europe where most islamic migrants go . 
  greece has very few islamic immigrants so its not really an issue here but i see anger building up all over the north people are radicalizing up north because of people like you . 
  people who throw out terms like racist because your tiny brain ca n't comprehend why a bunch of idiots marching in pro-sharia rally 's is a bad thing . 
  instead of having an intellegent debate on this subject , people like you prevent it . 
  thus the steam is building up and it will explode when the pressure bursts and then there will be no debate after that . 
  because of idiots like you . 
  when i thought you could n't get any shittier savannajeff . 
  you prove me wrong . 
  the problem is that most post people still do n't know the difference between roma/gypsies and real romanians it 's a shame because romania has a proud history and people are stupid and think roma/gypsy come from there or something . 
  what the hell is going on in sweden ?
