  they see themselves as the front line in the upcoming civil war and are preparing as such . 
  most notable from greece would be http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/dogtooth/ with 92 % rating and won an oscar for best foreign film in 2010, 
  u wot m8, 
  s-300 = the best defense system ever created greece did a few tests last month of their own s-300 's - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7y6oc_odk24, 
  stupid games played by the powerful, 
  streisand effect is strong with this one, 
  that statement would make sense if anything was `` given '' a loan-shark giving money with interest rates is not charity , it is purely business . 
  germany bailed out german banks that over-loaned to greece to buy german weapons/infrastructure with so called `` bail-outs '' germany has benefited immensely and will always benefit immensely from the eu since they control it entirely and with a currency that benefits germany while hurting smaller economies . 
  if you did not want the bank bail-outs to happen then the eu should have allowed a greek eu/currency referendum to happen in 2008 instead of kicking out of government the person who proposed it a week later and putting in an eu puppet . 
  the world cup is still a few months away, 
  `` tell us something new '' your food is edible, 
  greece approval rating of eu is the lowest on earth , at around 15-20 % , lower than any country in the middle east and pakistan . 
  we do not want to be in this banking cult controlled un-holy alliance yes you will get your money back , every last dime , but you lost greece and will never get the trust back , in 100 years , 1,000 years or 10,000 years , the eu project is done for us . 
  right now we have to stay until we build up our gas/oil infrastructure and work with our non-eu partners norway until drilling begins around 2020 . 
  once drilling begins , things will change very very rapidly , debts will be payed quickly and we will leave the eu . 
  we will keep cyprus in the eu to veto anything that is against our interests . 
  in the end , greece always wins . 
  russia-greece-serbia-armenia-ukraine = new orthodox union coming 2025-2030, 
  did you not understand what i wrote ? 
  greece-russia alliance would be nothing more than a defense pact for providing russia naval/military bases in greece . 
  it is not a question of if but when this will happen , russia is the only country on earth worth trusting . 
  while uk/france armed and supplied al-qaeda in syria , russians were protecting syria from the terrorists , i do not want want to be in the same union as these scumbags . 
  greece-serbia-russia is the only logical alliance , based on a religious principle we share in common and a common respect for each other . 
  this will likely happen in the early 2020 's when greece has built up its gas/oil infrastructure and drilling begins in greek waters , obviously it can not happen right now for a number of reasons but it will soon be . 
  and no imagining with satisfying your pale bitches , all i see when i go to greece is ultra-horny northern whores looking for sex with the locals . 
  right now greece is germany/brussel 's bitch , we fell to their economic warfare trap and are paying for it for the next decade , one thing you will soon realize is that greeks never forget . 
  it would be more of a defense pact/alliance like russia had with syria meaning we provide naval/military bases in greece for russia and they have our backs , thats it . 
  also you are an idiot , tens of millions of people from all over the world come to the `` barren rocks '' to see the beauty of greece . 
  and the only sheep we are fucking are the dirty northern whores who come every year to meet a real man , i lost count at the amount of swedes who settled down in greece after spending a summer in greece . 
  absolutely not , greece dug its own current grave by allowing our criminal politicians to run loose with the german loan sharks logically i am thinking around some time between 2020-2030 when northern europe is in shambles and greece has most of the debt payed off , we will leave the eu and have a new drachma backed by our oil/gas reserves and form an orthodox union with russia/serbia/armenia we do not accept the banking cult of the eu to run our country any more , that is all . 
  you can enjoy your new muslim majority , we will have none of it . 
  russia is the only free nation on earth , period . 
  the entire eu is just a massive banking ruled oligarchy run by un-elected ex-bankers a russia-greece alliance is the most logical path for greece in the future , its not about being anybody 's bitch , its about forming an alliance to counter all threats that both our countries are surrounded by, 
  it will take them 10 years to realize how lucky they were to take the russian deal and not go with the internationalist banking vultures of the eu . 
  which is also in the most strategic location on planet earth . 
  only a matter of time until greece leaves eu and you start seeing a dozen russian military and naval bases being built in greece, 
  leopard 2 is still one of the best main battle tanks , greece built their own version called leopard 2 hell . 
  we had the largest tank force in europe even before getting the 500 m1a1 abrams last year . 
  the 500 m1a1 abrams were free , they were payment for greece assisting coalition forces the last decade, 
  greece has the upper hand in every way imaginable , unless you like the idea of greece forming an alliance with russia and placing a dozen russian naval and military bases all around greece, 
  or the loan shark who slowly breaks your fingers, 
  who else could we trust ? 
  serbia and russia were not options, 
  russia was not an option, 
  carrier groups are utterly useless in modern warfare , good for taking out a bunch of cavemen in durka-durkastan but in real war carriers will last all but 30 seconds when 35 yakhont anti-ship missiles start their trajectory towards them . 
  greece for the first time in its history is equipped with state-of-the-art military equipment . 
  we took out italy/nazis with a bunch of late 1800 's relics and pitchforks , absolutely no country could handle greece in an all out war , not boasting , just stating the facts . 
  greece is the most militarized country in the western world next to usa , if you want more info i can share some videos with you of different military technologies and abilities we have to give you an idea . 
  not funny when 100 russian battle-ships are parked in greek waters greece is the most strategically important place on planet earth as far as the near-future is concerned greece would love nothing more than to abandon the vultures of the eu and join our orthodox brothers and provide them multiple massive military and naval bases in greece . 
  hopefully one day soon . 
  give me a lego set and i will forgive you, 
  germany was against uk assisting greece in its war of independence from the ottomans germany feared russia expanding influence into greece so they tried there best to prevent the war for our freedom, 
  you are funny man , yes the greeks live like kings and never work !, 
  is this what you really believe ? 
  that is even beyond what i thought you in-bred idiots believed anyway , it would be nice to see the danish army with its 2 tanks made out of legos and one helicopter come to greece . 
  we might send a few female soldiers to wipe out your army if it ever does happen . 
  it would not be a fair fight but itll be funny to watch . 
  why do you say stupid shit about greeks ? 
  in the end , i said what i did because northeners spread hatred about the normal greek person who had nothing to do with the crisis when you can not even look within your own society to see the flaws . 
  it is not the greek families that have high debt , we have the lowest in western hemisphere while danes have highest on earth . 
  . is it not more morally correct to have low debt in your house than the stupid corrupt government does ? 
  northeners like to portray debt as a moral issue when they dont see that greek people have the lowest and the have the highest , it is double standards . 
  honest question , do you think it is sustainable for denmark to have the highest house-hold debt in the entire world ? 
  the atmosphere in germany has been anti-greek since the 1700 's , this is just another notch in the german belt, 
  you think `` bail-out '' money is `` free '' how can there ever be a decent debate on the subject when people believe that ? 
  that is like saying a loan-shark giving you money is free, 
  that is retarded , he is not `` famous '' he is an investor who invest 4 billion in greek bonds last month because he sees the great potential of it . 
  the shit your saying , `` lazy greeks '' etc . 
  even though its been proven wrong by eu research reports that found greeks work longer hours than eu average , it wont matter to an idiot like yourself and your ilk like i said , it will be with great pleasure watching your country crash and turning into denmarkistan, 
  here is a good video explaining the current economic situation - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eplhpqs2bgk not as bleak as you think , but i am sure you know more than a multi-billion dollar ceo/founder of one of the world 's most respected investment firms , right ? 
  yeh , greeks live like kings and do n't work . 
  it will be hilarious to see all you idiots cry when the economy crashes  2008 was just a tease of what is coming , we got fucked over the hardest 2008 , next time it will be you . 
  pride ( ego ) always come before the fall, 
  says the danish whose country ranks # 1 in house-hold debt on earth ( immoral bastards ) to the greek whos families have lowest house-hold debt in western world it will be enjoyable to watch northern european crash under the un-sustainable house-hold debt - coming to a danish town near you ( 2020-2030 ), 
  that is under the assumption that allowing the banks to fail and going back to drachma would not have been infinitely superior deal for the greeks . 
  which it would have . 
  they throw hissy fits when greece does not hand over national assets for pennies on the dollar like they did recently , that 's about it nowadays . 
  greece is in a much much stronger position now then it was even a year ago, 
  greece is anything but economically destroyed , its not 2008 anymore and greece is building itself up to be the next norway with trillions in oil/gas reserve money , which 10 % has already been signed into law to provide funding for high-tech greek research projects . 
  german money that has to pay german banks that gambled and over-loaned like maniacs to greek corrupt government pre-2008 . 
  you act like you get nothing in return when a trio of germans fly in twice a year into athens and act like emperors demanding how to run the country . 
  and no greeks are mad/angry at german civilians . 
  you think because some asshole anarchist in athens make stupid signs about merkel that means we hate the german people ? 
  the same german people who come into greece by the millions every year for vacation and are treated with the utmost respect ? 
  stood behind the leaders ? 
  you realize that the government party responsible for doing the damages went from leading the nation to 5 % vote in elections 2 years ago and recent pollings in 2013 put them at around 1-2 % ? 
  the greek version of the republican party was taken out , by the people . 
  the only thing i find disturbing is how it is a popular sentiment that attacking greece would be a good idea . 
  i am only responding to the redditor who said that his berlin friends think this would be a smart idea . 
  my only point is to show anyone who does , that attacking greece is the downfall of any nation who attempts it . 
  some counter-points http://www.naturalgaseurope.com/greece-natural-gas-reserves potential 10 + trillion $ in gas reserves russia would love nothing more than to unite with greece and get a few navy bases in greece , one of the main reasons russia has been such a great defender of assad government in syria is because lattaka , syria has the only russian naval base in the middle east . 
  i am not saying i want war with anyone , my only point is that greece is not some micro-nation because of this `` austerity '' bullshit , our military strength for the defense of our nation is un-beatable by any foreign power on earth . 
  also german weapons are already outdated , right now we got a new supply of 500 m1a1 abrams and dozens of russian anti-air systems which you can not beat , let alone the thousands of next-generation atgm , manpads , etc we have . 
  over 10 million germans come to greece every year and there has never been a problem . 
  the only incident i have ever read in my life involving a german is when a drunk german idiot refused to pay his bar tab because of the bail-outs . 
  he quickly got his ass beaten to a pulp the only ones who cause a shit-storm are anarchist idiots in athens who think it is cool to burn flags and cause trouble, 
  you would be if you had to step foot on greek land with a rifle in your hand a greek female soldier has more arm-strength than a modern effeminate northern european `` male '', 
  that is why if you ask any greek on the street today and ask them `` would you rather go back in 2004 when everything was built on a house of cards , or stay today and keep re-building '' every person will say today is the best place to be, 
  tomtaroo said that a popular sentiment among his berlin friends is that war with greece would be ideal . 
  my only point is that war with greece is impossible for any country considering our military strength , noting how in ww2 greece had no military besidesa bunch of volunteers using pre world war 1 weaponry and pitchforks ( true story ) and managed to destroy italian forces and and entire german land/sea/air division .
