  in the last part i made it clear that the eu needs us far greater than we need them , which is absolutely true . 
  without the eu , we would join into an orthodox union with russia and most likely serbia which would make every eu country piss their panties . 
  now , i do not know what german friends of his thinks this is a good idea , it is possible they are not real germans and of the kebabistan german variety which would make sense for such an idiotic statement because modern german , non-kebabis are far to intellegent to say such a thing . 
  those same french weapons will be spread out around middle east , africa , asia and be used against french soldiers and other western forces france is easily the most idiotic , obtuse nation when it comes to their foreign policy , on one hand you have french soldiers losing their lives fighting al-qaeda and islamic radical groups in mali/northern africa and in the other hand you have france supply modern weapons to the # 1 supplier of these terrorists !, 
  ( saudi arabia ) say what you will about russia , at least they are not fucking two-faced about their foreign policy like every other western country, 
  only 5-10 % total of debt is due to tax evasion and 99.99999 % of that tax evasion is from the ultra wealthy the majority of greek debt is from overpaying in dozens of multi billion military contracts to germany and 2004 olympics the greek people have lowest debt in western world ( household debt ) but our politicians were corrupt assholes , yet germans like to spread hate on the average greek citizen ... now you understand why greeks feel anger ? 
  for the stability of germany * bailouts bail out german banks that almost failed from overloaning, 
  yes our lifestyle ... you do understand greece was hit with 30 % reduction in economy correct ? 
  in comparison usa great depression was 24 % reduction, 
  wait , your friends in germany think war with greece is a good idea ? 
  imagine what . 
  vietnam was to usa , then multiple that by 100 . 
  greeks kicked nazi ass with pre ww1 weapons and pitchforks the slightest real threat and russia is our new best friend , eu needs us far far greater than we need them , best to never forget that . 
  it is possible that drones and/or satellites do that role , who knows though . 
  russia is prepared for any scenario and they are masters of sun tzu technique of hiding you true power, 
  exactly , russia focused on rocket tech while the west focused on aircraft carrier jet tech this is why russian rockets are far more advanced than any other nation on earth a few dozen yakhont anti ship missiles and there are no carriers on earth do n't even think with fuking with the s-500 anti air platform . 
  israel lost there shit when russia wanted to give s-300 to iran, 
  they would not go by foot , thousands of jihadis have european passports and have unique jihadi names outside of their real name so nobody knows they are fighting in syria . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/energy/oilandgas/10266957/saudis-offer-russia-secret-oil-deal-if-it-drops-syria.html ** prince bandar pledged to safeguard russia 's naval base in syria if the assad regime is toppled , but he also hinted at chechen terrorist attacks on russia 's winter olympics in sochi if there is no accord . 
  `` i can give you a guarantee to protect the winter olympics next year . 
  the chechen groups that threaten the security of the games are controlled by us , '' he allegedly said . 
  people do n't like stupid small-talk , for the most part everywhere in europe not just in the north the fins though take it personally and will likely stab you with a switchblade, 
  that is just evil, 
  also the saudi arabian intellegence leader and most likely to end up being the next king , prince bandar told putin in a private meeting that he would unleash the full force of jihadist in syria to disrupt the winter olympics unless putin took his offer of a massive gas deal + letting assad government fall and replaced by saudi puppet state . 
  putin declined and made bandar 's statement public knowledge i suppose it is not a coincidence that russia has massively stepped up its military, 
  this is a great chance for european tech companies to rise and become world leaders in these technologies, 
  hopefully he gets banned and is forced to play in his mother-land , saudi arabia, 
  maybe italy + greece would be interesting , i believe romans did participate in the ancient olympics after the conquest of greece so it does have historical precedence, 
  dunno , maybe i just like the idea of different regions of greece going at it since historically that is how it was back then and there is alot of feuds between islands/regions that would be entertaining to see play-out, 
  well , i am adding interest rates over many decades , in reality it would likely be around 10-20 billion in gold and hundreds of billions more from other countries, 
  `` dieudonne m'bala ( french comedian ) calls it `` la quenelle '' - a word for a fish dumpling - and says it stands for his anti-zionist and anti-establishment views , rather than anti-semitism '', 
  he is also a shitty striker who is only capable of tapping in goals that are 3 feet from the goal, 
  i predict a streisand effect x1000 coming out of this , the best thing jewish groups/french government could have done is just ignore the salute , not try to ban the comedian and just not allow him to be on tv/radio/etc, 
  it 's going to be the greatest shadenfreude ever watching northern europe crash under their house-hold debt . . because of remarks like this say what you will about us , but we have the lowest house-hold debt in the western hemisphere , while the moral crusaders of the north have the highest . 
  as far as the swiss , their entire country is built on the mountains of nazi gold that was stolen and hidden there , including 500 billion of greek peoples gold . 
  they are not even a real country . 
  just a banking outpost of the northern powers just like belgium . 
  it reached a boiling point , just like the syrian civil war took 20-30 years to reach to a boiling point, 
  yes there was deep tensions before belgium got involved , but belgium created policies that destroyed any chance of peace , such as forcing each person to identify as hutu or tutsi whereas before there could be honorable hutu 's and tutsi 's which helped greatly in cushioning tensions , this became impossible with belgian policy . 
  forcing only one chieftain to control the area as opposed to previously 3 before belgian rule which the 3 chieftains were a mix of both tribes . 
  this sole chieftain was always a tutsi and created a massive economic/social disparity between both tribes . 
  thus when the belgians left everything went to hell . 
  its not that they fired the bullets themselves , but they created the atmosphere/culture that led to the ethnic hatred and malice which created the genocide . 
  belgium was responsible for the rwandan genocide http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rwandan_genocide, 
  is n't oktoberfest a great show of german national pride , at least that is how i have interpreted it . 
  those big stores destroy the areas culture , there is a reason why wal-mart is banned from nyc . 
  if it was n't every block would be a giant wal-mart advertisement and nyc would look like shit . 
  it says alot when you can travel to every city in the usa and every city feels the same beause it has all the same big stores , fast-food , malls , etc yes prices are cheaper , but they come at a cost to the community , or lack therof, 
  what do you mean ? 
  i would like the ancient greek style olympics to make a comeback some day with competitions between greek cities/islands it could be a once a year event for two weeks to boost tourism , and of course will be located at the ancient site of the olympics with a a huge festival/theater events the entire month prior to the games . 
  main events would be bare-knuckle boxing , mma , greco-roman wrestling , bunch of running events including one wearing a full suit of armor , triathlon and a bunch of other events, 
  i hope they step on a lego piece !, 
  truly worse than anything else, 
  top rated comment in the worldnews thread of this, 
  `` this is an article on tell mama , the first source for these statistics in the guardian 's piece , written in june . 
  when pressed they admitted that over half of the `` hate crimes '' and `` attacks '' they were reporting took place completely on-line . 
  in fact they consisted wholly of nasty posts on facebook , twitter and various blogs . 
  if that 's a `` hate crime '' then half of / worldnews is about to be summoned before the hague . 
  and judging by some of the posts here the other half would be enthusiastically applauding . 
  the truth about the ` wave of attacks on muslims ' after woolwich murder yet the unending `` cycle of violence '' against muslims , the unprecedented `` wave of attacks '' against them from strangers in the street , the `` underlying islamophobia in our society '' -- all turn out to be yet more things we thought we knew about woolwich that are not really supported by the evidence . 
  tell mama confirmed to the sunday telegraph that about 120 of its 212 `` anti-muslim incidents '' -- 57 per cent -- took place only online . 
  they were offensive postings on twitter or facebook , or comments on blogs : nasty and undesirable , certainly , but some way from violence or physical harm and often , indeed , legal . 
  not all the offending tweets and postings , it turns out , even originated in britain . 
  tell mama has no written definition of what it classes as an anti-muslim incident , but has in the past adopted a wide definition . 
  last november , the cross-bench asian peer , baroness flather , told a newspaper it was `` pointless for the conservatives to chase muslim votes . 
  they are all on benefits and all vote labour '' . 
  tell mama added this admittedly crass and untrue remark to its database as an `` anti-muslim incident , '' though it said it had deleted it following an explanation from lady flather . 
  although the service says its caseworkers `` carefully handle each report as it comes in , to determine whether it can be verified and justified as an anti-muslim incident '' , mr mughal admitted that a further 35 of the 212 post-woolwich incidents , or 16 per cent , had yet to be verified . 
  he justified publishing the figure , however , saying he expected that all but a handful of incidents would be verified . 
  fewer than one in 12 of the 212 `` incidents '' reported to tell mama since woolwich -- 17 cases ( 8 per cent ) -- involved individuals being physically targeted . '', 
  we about to get `` freedom 'd '', 
  i was n't predicting , i just picked a random number, 
  in this scenario , the 85 % muslim majority would vote for hardcore islamist mayors/representatives in london who would push for sharia law , after not getting their way they do what catalonia is doing and declare they want to secede from uk as a seperate islamic country , londinistan . 
  since the majority wants sharia and the country is not allowing this , they have a right to secede correct ? 
  i 'm not into hockey but olympic hockey is insanely entertaining, 
  and you are willing to go to sweden, 
  he makes a valid point , let 's say for example that london is 85 % muslim in 2075 , even though they are not the original people to that land ... according to you they have a right to claim it as an independent country since majority wins right ? 
  pretty unlucky to go up against portugal, 
  why am i not surprised, 
  norway has the contract for gas exploration until 2016 or so , the size of the research was doubled after some early positive signs , thats all that is known for now as there are no concrete numbers to go by a crete university geologist team is in charge of gas/oil research around crete itself with early finds of gas reserves around the island . 
  http://www.naturalgaseurope.com/hopes-for-greek-offshore-natural-gas-reserves http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/sb10001424127887324328204578573123152385886, 
  italy would mainly train with greece in this scenario, 
  the military records ? 
  4,000 years of kicking ass into the sea by italy and greece we got fucked over because we were so behind on military tech compared to everyone else , especially france/germany greece and italy have already started to train with israel with their air-force - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eod_a8auzpo this is a great thing for both our countries , now we need to have our special forces and tank divisions train with each other , greece mainly trains their special forces with serbia and israel , italy will likely start to train with us also after this air-force exercise . 
  greece just received around 500 m1a1 abrams , italy would be smart to buy some from us and train together, 
  the main reason i am optimistic if because of syriza , not because of tsipras or even if they get into office but that they exist alone shows me positive signs and that is because i view the nd/pasok alliance that ran greece into the ground as democrats/republican in usa , they were a monolithic two-party faux `` democracy '' system where they would debate in public and shake hands behind the stage . 
  pasok is dead , this is like the republican party disolving which would be impossible to think . 
  the government in greece has pressed the reset button . 
  now we have a nd that had to evolve or otherwise also be destroyed and syriza who if they get into office would be a net positive to greece also . 
  at least 1000x better than nd/pasok would ever be . 
  the politicians in greece have to actually do their job as the `` good old boys '' club that it was before , no longer exists and tsipras will put anyones feet over the fire to further his career , which is a good thing . 
  i understand why you are pesimistic . . but i noted the years 2020-2030 for a reason . 
  if things are not greatly different then than i will be with you with a pitchfork on the streets, 
  that would be ideal, 
  yes , thats why i pointed out southern italy/sicily i think a defense pact is the way to go , greece is creating alliances outside of the eu with israel and serbia , if the eu did break-down , greece and italy would be natural allies just like greece/serbia and greece/israel who would ever think of fucking with a greece/italy/israel / serbia/cyprus alliance ? 
  lol, 
  think of the food though . 
  italian americans are about as italian as irish, 
  greece and italy union would never work for multiple reasons but a greece/italy defense and military pact would make sense in a post-eu future also we are genetically brother countries with southern italy , around 30-50 % dna match depending on which region in southern italy/sicily greece also does not fit into the balkans , the rest of the balkans is slavic , same dna/language/civil wars/history while greece culturally is a mediterranean culture first and foremost, 
  the biggest issue with the uk is how their entire economy depends on the london stock market just like usa and wall street .
