  i refuse to debate any further until you acknowledge this video exists - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eplhpqs2bgk i have tried 8 times to get your opinion on this video , i try to give you `` science '' yet you refuse to see it . 
  the video shows japonica founder , japonica is one of the worlds most respected investment firms . 
  as far as corruption . 
  do you acknowledge that greece has dropped 15 places in 1 year and set up a tax prison to combat corruption ? 
  if you reply back with your standard response of `` lol leechers lol corrupt omg corrupt leechers !! '', 
  i will not respond back i thought you were capable of intelligent debate . 
  i will give you one more chance to say something remotely intelligent otherwise im done, 
  do you even read my comments at all ? 
  i am convinced that this entire time you dont read anything i write and just write a bunch of random bullshit . 
  us investment firm founder `` greek gdp/debt below 100 % '' - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eplhpqs2bgk, 
  i really wish i was debating someone with more intelligence . 
  i thought you were an adult but you ended up sounding like either an angtsy 14 year old or a mentally challenged 40 year old . 
  i still am not sure which one you are but my best guess is either one of those two i have posted this video waiting to see your opinion but still have no answered me . 
  here is the science - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eplhpqs2bgk there you go . 
  watch the video , prove it wrong or just acknowledge it . 
  whatever you want . 
  i am done debating , if you want to talk about that video i will continue otherwise do not reply back, 
  first , you are not paying shit . 
  you are loaning money with interest if you go to a bank and take a 20,000 $ loan with 5 % interest is that a gift/charity to you ? 
  we will pay once the drilling begins , i doubt we will before but it could happen possibly also , will you at least acknowledge this video exists of the founder of japonica praising greek economy that was filmed last week ? 
  - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eplhpqs2bgk i doubt you will watch it since it goes against your anti-greek stance . 
  but if you have a few minutes to spare its worth a watch and is interesting inside look . 
  like i told you before , give me science how this statement is wrong `` greek gdp/debt ratio is below 100 % '' you must prove this statement wrong after watching this video - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eplhpqs2bgk igel , you are a known anti-greek piece of shit , i doubt you are even a real swede , which is why you refuse to answer my questions about swedens future as an islamic caliphate . 
  you still do not understand how bail-outs work . 
  they are not `` giving '' , they are loans with usury levels of interest rates which germany alone has profited already over 10 billion euros 2 . 
  i have answered multiple times how greece is fighting corruption , one of the main ways is opening a tax prison , which is unheard of , not only in greece but the world . 
  greece has dropped 15 places in corruption index in a single year already 3 . 
  the only thing your children will be doing is being obidient slaves to your muslim masters , nothing more 4 . 
  you still compare greece to a country like estonia which is idiotic , mainly due to the fact that greece is a country which has to organize infrastructure on over 1,000 + islands . 
  i am positive that you must think greece is like 5 islands 5 . 
  economy has already bounced back , 3 billion surplus , tons of new foreign investment , everything stabalizing and looking positive , people are slowly becoming more optimistic 6 . 
  greece has found over 5-10 + trillion dollars in gas and oil , our total debt in 300 billion euros, 
  my god . 
  did you just ask why greece is not growing like india and china . 
  you are assuming many things , first did you know that greece has the lowest house-hold/private debt in the western world ? 
  denmark/sweden/netherlands has highest house-hold debt in the entire world its always funny when moral idiots like yourself try to paint debt as a moral issue when the funny part is that greeks have lowest debt in western hemisphere , live simple lives and are still the happiest people on earth . 
  while most northern europe countries , especially yours have the highest house-hold debt in the entire world !, 
  how is it moral to have such high debt ? 
  the only reason greece has insane debt right now is because we decided to stick with the eu , because if we left it would have caused a domino effect which would have crashed every economy in the eu . 
  we could/should have left and watched the eu burn to the ground but we decided to not to and accempt austerity and the thanks we get is being shouted down to by a bunch of in-breds like yourself who have the highest debt on earth this is all i have to say before i go to sleep . 
  do you know more about economics than a multi-billion dollar investor ? 
  yes or no ? 
  are you more qualified to speak about greek economy than the ceo/founder of japonica , one of the leading investment firms on earth ? 
  what do you think of this statement the founder of japonica made recently `` our most rigorous accounting has found greece has a gdp/debt ratio below 100 % , not 160 % '' - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eplhpqs2bgk if you can prove to me that the founder of japonica is wrong in this statement than i will reply , otherwise do not bother writing anything unless you plan to respond to that video , please watch it in full . 
  because it is not something you will see in your 1984 filtered swedish media, 
  you are honestly stupider than i assumed . 
  and i previously thought you were border-line tarded . 
  anyway . 
  you should seriously be more worried about sweden . 
  because once your little politically correct `` utopia '' is majority muslim you will be begging for help . 
  but i assume the proper swedish thing to do will be to hand over your country to these people and politically correct announce defeat to your new masters . 
  while greece had an economic problem you have a a problem that will lead to your country becoming hell on earth . 
  . and you want `` science '' . 
  how about you use some `` science '' to fix your little politically correct utopia . 
  sweden is a fucking joke to finland/norway . 
  you are so passionate about greece when you sell out your country your ancestors died for . 
  fool . 
  it is like i am talking to a brick wall . 
  i answered all your questions you , can you not read ? 
  my entire last message was how greece was fighting corruption ( tax prisons ) the geography of greece alone makes comparing it to any other country impossible . 
  you do realize that greece is a combination of a peninsula + over 1,000 + islands correct ? 
  do you have the mental abilities to calculate the difficulties in infrastructure and capabilities that is ? 
  the stupidiest shit i have seen you say is `` how come india/china/chile work but you cant ! '', 
  yeh how about no dipshit , you think comparing yourself to a country that pays its people slave wages with no workers rights is something to strive for ? 
  you are unable to comprehend even the simplest workings of a modern economy by saying stupid shit like that . 
  you can not compare sweden to greece for the most part , while sweden were nazi puppets in ww2 and were un-damaged , greece lost 10 % of their population and the entire country was in ruins . 
  then when sweden had an economic boom and great times post-ww2 . 
  greece was stuck with an american/uk installed dictator for 30 years . 
  by the time the `` eu aid '' started in early 80 's greece had zero infrastructure , even by the late 90 's it was still pretty terrible but slowly shaping up . 
  only now in the year 2013 can i say the infrastructure is very good finally . 
  not all countries had the same path as sweden post ww2 , but a useful idiot like yourself would not know of such things . 
  if all you hear is bad news which is obviously what your swedish media pushes then yes it would seem that way corruption is lowering , we dropped 15 places in a single year on corruption index this year and hopefully keep this trend . 
  there are new tax prisons and many famous celebrities , personalties , politicians have been thrown in jail the last 2 years . 
  this was unheard of pre-2008 , this alone will change the entire course of tax evasion in greece . 
  we just announced a 3 billion $ euro surplus , the first surplus greece has had in over a decade ( pre-olympics ) , all of our major industries have been growing like crazy the last 2 years since the riots stopped and things calmed down , tourism growing 10-15 % a year , shipping/food production growing , foreign invstment is booming with chinas new piraeus port making greece the hub for china in europe , microsoft building new tech centers annoucned last month . 
  massive government initatives to boost tech business and start-ups and best of all the gas/oil findings which worst-case are in the low trillions you are still stuck in the bad news loop of 2008 when it comes to greece , but more has changed in the last 2-3 years than the last 30-40 years combined , you just need to get away from your propaganda media to realize this . 
  like i said , greece is likely to be a net giver around 2018-2020 when drilling begins and economy soars . 
  and many countries in northern europe are going to crumble under the amount of house-hold debt that is un-sustainable on top of many other factors/trends which leads me to believe that sweden is heading into a world of shit within 10-20 years . 
  you should be far more worried about sweden than greece to be honest . 
  or are you blind to realize this ? 
  you sound like someone with no knowledge of how world geo-politics and economies work , heres a hint . 
  countries do not work like a group of buddies where you give money , everything comes at a cost when greece receives a 10 billion $ bail-out , it is not a `` bail out '' in terms of actually bailing out a buddy of a tough situation , they chose that phrasing delibrately to trick fools such as yourself with no knowledge of how propaganda works to think you are assisting greece with `` your money '' you are not giving money to greece , thats not how it works . 
  you give money to german banks , who over-loaned to greeks pre-crisis and can not be paid back which might cause a banking crisis . 
  these `` bail-outs '' or as you fooloishly put it , `` your money '' are loans . 
  with usury levels of interest rates ( between 9 % to 2 % ) every dime of these bail-outs will have to be paid back , if greece ditches the eu , cancels all debt payments and sticks our middle finger to you then i would understand your anger . 
  but you sound like someone who knows absolutely nothing of the real situation and is thinking this situation is like something when a friend gives another friend money . 
  this is all business buddy , i would think a swede would know how the game works in 2008 greece had the easy option to ditch the eu , cancel all debt which if it did i would completely understand your anger , but we did not . 
  we went through a massive great depression ( do you not realize that or something ? ), 
  and did it with our heads held up high . 
  99 % of countries on earth would be in civil war right now with a 30 % reduction in economy and 30 % un-employment within 4 years . 
  for example the american great depression was a 24 % shrinkage of the economy . 
  you really should calm down , because you take this shit way to personal , trust me when greece becomes a net giver within 5-10 years and sweden becomes a net receiver ( from civil war ) we will not try and paint you as the bad guys , like you do to us . 
  productivity is not the issue , corruption is shipping tycoons making billions who pay no taxes , tax evasion in every hotel , bar , etc. 
  politicians signing multi billion contracts not in best interest but for the kickback all part of life until 2008 changed everything . 
  i personally believe this crisis is the best . 
  thing to happen to us in the long-term 20 billion a year on military spending is insane for our size too , but we can not trust the eu to back us if shit hits the fan, 
  greece is run like a german protectorate , that 's the price you pay . 
  the troika are enraged because we refuse to sell out every asset we have for pennies on the dollar , the game changed when we found gas and oil ... now we control the upper hand, 
  greece should have never joined the euro period , the 2004 olympics will not be paid off for another 20-40 years if lucky . 
  i think greece will be a net contributor in 2020 when oil/gas drilling begins .
