  she uses philly cream cheese and greek biscuits . 
  i could eat an entire pan in one sitting, 
  greek islands you can get a one-bedroom for 200-250 euros a month , close to the beach . 
  greek yogurt/veggie/pasta diet is very cheap for one person, 
  i blame the jew bees, 
  yes , the next 100 years will be a shit-storm as the end of the american empires comes about , it will be ugly but europe will prevail . 
  the worst-hit areas are the immigrant heavy zones in athens , lots of drug use , selling/buying and crime over there . 
  nothing extreme like american ghettos but not a pleasant site for a tourist obviously . 
  the rest of greece is still the same , and things are picking up . 
  the worst has passed and now it is the rebuilding phase . 
  i feel like this clever tourism ad explained it well - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oj06rmio_cc, 
  some of these pictures are actually very joyous and cheerful , some of them show harsh winters , its hard to judge anything by pictures . 
  just send a few thousand fins armed with switch-blades, 
  tv is dead for under 30 's netflix ( by the way you can get american version in europe using chrome/firefox extension mediahint ) , youtube , justin tv , firstrow ( sports ) , torrents/piratebay , etc also casual video games with friends/family is a better activity than most tv crap anyway, 
  there was around 10-12 million northerners who came to greece last year , so i doubt this reflects anything substantial . 
  greek tourism board has made it a goal to increase tourism 15 % every year . 
  hopefully by 2020 there are 20 million northern europeans per year, 
  byzantine empire in which greek religion/language/culture was supreme is widely considered to be the most successful empire in human history . 
  also i do n't know anybody who thinks they are `` superior '' like digenis said . 
  the harshest insults we give out from my experience is about northern european food , which is a common joke in greece , that is about it . 
  only a german would say something that delusional , nobody in greece thinks merkel/eu was responsible for anything leading up to the 2008 crisis . 
  i have never heard in casual conversations between greeks about politics/economy this statement . 
  we purely despise our government , no germans required . 
  the current greek government is extremely pro-eu the majority of greeks are pro-eu the majority of greeks are anti-austerity greeks love to protest vote any chance they get so i would not take polls like this to seriously . 
  the fact that greece has gone through a great depression statistically worse than the american one has nothing to do with it . 
  you have a european history , the romans took one look at the scots and put up a giant wall to protect themselves, 
  it is not really surprising when a 2 billion $ arms deal is made that 10-50 million $ is handed out to dozens of `` officials '' to guarantee the deal is made . 
  this is standard operating procedure in every country on earth , all military deals are shady in one way or the other with cash exchanging hands to guarantee contracts are signed from certain arms manufacturers . 
  greece was spending nearly 20 billion $ a year on military contracts per year for decades , i do n't think anybody is surprised millions were handed out to these corrupt assholes . 
  i am more surprised that this is even coming out , i guess it is difficult to hide 20 million $ in funds when you were getting `` officially '' paid 50,000 a year . 
  also greek military is absolutely second to none in europe , uk has a better equipped navy , france a better air-force ( debatable ) but ground forces there is not match . 
  this has been on the greek news non-stop the last week it looks like the old guard of greek politicians are turning on each other to save their asses , it is entertaining to watch . 
  i hope these idiots are made examples of and get maximum sentence, 
  is he still going strong ? 
  he seemed like a very good politicians from last i saw him, 
  vietnam has as much chance of macedonia joining the eu . 
  they made their bed ( stealing our history ) and now they must sleep in it . 
  if they do not like the consequences of stealing other nations histories then they should have thought of that before-hand . 
  `` the idea that alexander the great belongs to us was at the mind of some outsider groups only . 
  these groups were insignificant in the first years of our independence . 
  but the big problem is that the old balkan nations have been learned to legitimate themselves through their history . 
  in the balkans to be recognized as a nation you need to have history of 2,000 to 3,000 years old . 
  since you ( greece ) forced us to invent a history , we did invent it . '', 
  -- ( fyrom foreign minister denko maleski ) the current ruling party of `` macedonia '' are ultra-nationalists who see greece as the enemy . 
  an entire nation of brainwashed people who despise greeks and see us as `` occupying '' their lands . 
  like i said . 
  it was their choice to accept this false history and build hatred for the greeks . 
  the greeks will not forgive it or ever accept it . 
  and no amount of pressure from the eu will ever change this stance . 
  says the idiots who decided to steal our history and make it seem like we are the problem you are never joining the eu , get used to this reality and look elsewhere for pity, 
  it 's easy to say that until you speak to countless `` macedonians '' who are absolutely against resolution on the naming issue and go as far as to say they will soon be invading northern greece to take back their land . 
  macedonia is at the core of greek history , and the ruling party sees it as their history and greeks as the enemy . 
  there will likely never be a solution to this , if it becomes a big enough issue there is the option of removing greece and cyprus from the eu . 
  i never said that greece does not need allies , hence why i said that italy/serbia/israel is good enough allies for us at the moment , which is true . 
  greece is building an eastern mediterannean defensive structure with italy , israel and cyprus . 
  in the balkan region we are partnering with serbia to protect the northern main-land . 
  a unified eu structure might be a good idea . 
  but uk/france have been absolutely insane with their decisions to support radical islam in syria , this is what angers me . 
  that christians are dying in syria by the truck-load every week and you have uk/france supporting those that kill them . 
  you somehow mistook that as me saying that uk/france is weak militarily , which i did not mean that . 
  only that i do not want uk/france to lead a eu army that goes around the world fighting for the benefit of radical islam , which is what is happening in syria . 
  your crazy . 
  you realize that greece is the most heavily militarized nation in europe right ? 
  the only country in europe that is ready for all-out war without a warning in europe is greece , not france or uk . 
  greece has been the highest military spender in europe for the last 30 years and still is , greece has the most capable defensive military in europe and one of the best defensive military ; s in the world by far . 
  we have 1,000 + islands that act as military bases/carriers , insane amount of military gear including largest tank force in europe ( even before we receive the 500 m1a1 abrams last year ) . 
  . . modern anti-air capabilities with the s-300 pmu1 which is considered the best anti-air system ever made ( better than the patriot system ) multiple special forces divisions including green berets , rangers , para-troopers , seals , etc greece does not project its power around the world , that is not the goal of the greek military , it is purely a defensive structure and in this goal , is one of if not the best in the world . 
  no country on earth is capable of invading greece , to think otherwise is comedic . 
  unlike the french , the greeks proved themselves in ww2 adolf hitler : `` for the sake of historical truth i must verify that only the greeks , of all the adversaries who confronted us , fought with bold courage and highest disregard of death . . '' ( from speech he delivered to reichstag on 4 may 1941 ), 
  german music is some of the most popular on earth in the electronic music genre paul van dyk , ulrich shnauss , kraftwerk , cascada and countless dj 's, 
  seeing france/uk support terrorism in the middle east by funding jihadis in syria/saudi arabia . 
  i hope greece plays no part in this , we already training with italy , serbia and israel and that is all we need . 
  now that greece leads the eu for next 6 months , there will likely be some major advancements in serbian eu negotiations . 
  maybe they mean the `` anti-fascists '' idiots who are nothing but anarchists and throw molotovs every chance they get, 
  you mean roma camps ? 
  thank god this did n't happen in greece . 
  that would have been really awkward, 
  it is hard to take this article seriously when every other word to describe the right ( ish ) wing parties is insurgent and/or insurgency . 
  this term is often associated with armed terrorists and i do not like how this article repeats the words every other sentence . 
  just because they are not neo-liberal eurocrats does not make them terrorists . 
  portugese people speak primarily in old proverbs and sayings everything else is communicated with hand gestures and facial expressions . 
  real tough guy that little bitch with the uniform is . . hopefully he finds a serb in a dark alley soon, 
  [ a kind of anti-society has grown up in them -- a population that derives the meaning of its life from the hatred it bears for the other , `` official , '' society in france . 
  this alienation , this gulf of mistrust -- greater than any i have encountered anywhere else in the world , including in the black townships of south africa during the apartheid years ] ( http://www.city-journal.org/html/12_4_the_barbarians.html ) `` that is one of the reasons that , when i approached groups of young men in les musiciens , many of them were not just suspicious ( though it was soon clear to them that i was no member of the enemy ) , but hostile . 
  when a young man of african origin agreed to speak to me , his fellows kept interrupting menacingly . 
  `` do n't talk to him , '' they commanded , and they told me , with fear in their eyes , to go away . 
  the young man was nervous , too : he said he was afraid of being punished as a traitor . 
  his associates feared that `` normal '' contact with a person who was clearly not of the enemy , and yet not one of them either , would contaminate their minds and eventually break down the them-and-us worldview that stood between them and complete mental chaos . 
  they needed to see themselves as warriors in a civil war , not mere ne\u2019er - do-wells and criminals . '', 
  `` no one should underestimate the danger that this failure poses , not only for france but also for the world . 
  the inhabitants of the cit\u00e9s are exceptionally well armed . 
  when the professional robbers among them raid a bank or an armored car delivering cash , they do so with bazookas and rocket launchers , and dress in paramilitary uniforms . 
  from time to time , the police discover whole arsenals of kalashnikovs in the cit\u00e9s . 
  there is a vigorous informal trade between france and post-communist eastern europe : workshops in underground garages in the cit\u00e9s change the serial numbers of stolen luxury cars prior to export to the east , in exchange for sophisticated weaponry . 
  a profoundly alienated population is thus armed with serious firepower ; and in conditions of violent social upheaval , such as france is in the habit of experiencing every few decades , it could prove difficult to control . 
  the french state is caught in a dilemma between honoring its commitments to the more privileged section of the population , many of whom earn their livelihoods from administering the dirigiste economy , and freeing the labor market sufficiently to give the hope of a normal life to the inhabitants of the cit\u00e9s . 
  most likely , the state will solve the dilemma by attempts to buy off the disaffected with more benefits and rights , at the cost of higher taxes that will further stifle the job creation that would most help the cit\u00e9 dwellers . 
  if that fails , as in the long run it will , harsh repression will follow . '', 
  http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=4c3_1388833673 the pictures were taken on a greek border crossing as they were heading into turkey and then to syria notice the signs `` sheffield 2 syria '', 
  biggest threat is the rise of islamic extremism i have seen recent pictures of entire terrorist convoys of 40 + cars going from uk to syria ... marseilles has entire city blocks that may as we 'll be located in lebanon with an entire culture that is not only hardcore islamists but extreme anti-french .
