  2008 crash is only a tiny microscopic taste of what is coming when the derivative bubbles burst . 
  2008 crash was a 3-4 trillion loss of market and look what it caused ... the derivatives bubble is 700 trillion dollars and the question is not if but when it will crash . 
  once it does you do not want to be in the uk or usa ... germany will only then show it 's strength as european leader, 
  the only positive side i can think of , is that a brain-drain is not permanent in any way for example lets say a greek nano-tech researcher gets a great research job at some top-tier lab in london , they will do and learn things there that would not be possible in greece or italy because they would be surrounded by the world 's best now lets say that these greek researchers are in their late 20 's / 30 's and they want to go back to greece for family/cheaper housing/better weather/whatever reason . 
  or as the economy is recovering and there are more opportunities ( 2020-2030 ) they can bring these new skills and knowledge to greece and create their own research labs or products so it is better to have a brain-drain where highly educated move around europe to hone their skills , learn , adapt and become masters in their fields and there is a big chance they will go back to their home-country and use their new skills to create new opportunities , especially for greece who have already signed into law 10 % of all future gas/oil profits ( potential 10 + trilion $ ) to scientific research and development, 
  after seeing russia 's incredible backing of syrian government while the rest of the world wanted them to be hog-tied and thrown to al-qaeda `` rebels '' , i ca n't blame any smaller country for wanting to align with russia, 
  yes , i think a middle-ground can be reached between a complete ban and a cctv in every inch of the train, 
  there are cctv cameras at the entrance of the subway where you validate your ticket , this hdpa `` privacy '' statement is about inside the carriages itself, 
  interesting documentary on athens subway if you are interested in more info about it - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtaxtxye1sw, 
  yes , according to the ceo/founder of japonica that graph is wrong , gdp/debt is not 160-170 % but below 100 % he clearly states in that interview why he believes this , and how he sent an entire team of accounting experts to check every book in what he called `` the most rigorous accounting '' that is possible he believes the reason that brussels gets that 160-170 % number is by using `` non-accounting '' numbers and other false methods you can believe him or not , its up to you but this guy is one of the most respected investors on earth, 
  i agree , you would be better off spenidng those 37 billion on getting a hundred apache attack helicopter and 100 eurofighter typhoons with modern upgrades and you still have 20 billion to spend on hundreds of anti-air defense systems and still have 10-15 billion to spend on insane amount of m1a1 abrams , and fighter drones . 
  . maybe even start a dutch initiative to start a predator drone clone dutch copy with a 10 billion investment in r&d, 
  there 's more cameras in a london city block than likely exists in all of nk, 
  i tried to warn people this would happen ... porn block was always the trojan horse into its real purpose, 
  the point is not really about the port itself , as it is that the chinese state-owned shipping company cosco , the worlds largest single shipping company built this as their personal port to europe yes , greece could have invested the hundreds of millions to build up this port ( which would never happen ) but they still would have not gotten cosco 's business the entire point to this deal for the chinese was that chinese controlled the port and use it as their personal cosco entry point into europe . 
  which will bring in billions and creates tens of thousands of jobs in the local area it is not a potential loss of income because there wouldnt be any income without this cosco deal, 
  the f-35 will be a great aircraft if not the best aircraft carrier jet fighter . 
  but i think thats about it the f-35 was designed as a jack of all trades to be a air-craft carrier capable take-off jet , a air-to-ground attack plane and a jet dogfighter it does not excelt at any 3 of these but can accomplish all three which is very unique one of a kind jet and can fulfill the purpose of 3 jets combined . 
  if you look at it that way then yes it is an amazing jet and ground-breaking . 
  but , like i said it does not excel at being the best dog-fighter or air-to-ground attack plane for troop support . 
  there are cheaper jets that perform better in these two tasks , these other jets are not as `` all-around '' as the f-35 but they excelt at being the best at performing the single task they were designed for . 
  i do n't know enough of the opap deal to comment any more , i just know a 33 % stake was sold as far as the piraeus deal , it was a great deal . 
  this was a port that was being under-used to the point of negligence and the chinese saw an opportunity to turn it into a major european hub . 
  how can that possible be wrong ? 
  it is not like we sold all of greece 's ports to china . 
  only a single port that was barely being used and using ancient equipment and basically all but useless . 
  160 % gdp/debt ratio is debatable this us investment firm expert sent an entire team of accountants before making a 4 billion investment in greece and the accounting team used in his own words `` the most rigorous accounting tests '' possible and found that greek gdp/debt ratio is below 100 % - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eplhpqs2bgk you can believe it or not , but this guy is hugely respected and taken very seriously in the investment world, 
  only the rich can do this stuff and have ever done it . 
  nobody i know has ever even dares to do something so stupid because they know they will get caught and fined . 
  they made an example out of this guy and publicly shamed him by blasting his face and crime on the news non-stop for the last week . 
  the way to stop corruption is to make the risk far outweigh any potential gains, 
  the piraeus port deal was a great piece of business , china invested hundreds of millions to build it up to be the port for china in europe , it is estimated to create tens of thousands of jobs and bring in an un-precedented amount of business from china who are going to turn this port from nothing into the mediteranneans busiest port . 
  i do n't see how that is a bad thing at all ? 
  i do n't much about the other ones to comment , but the gambling company only sold a 33 % share , it is known that opap is under-performing ( mainly due to austerity ? ), 
  and this deal might give it a nice boost and put in some fresh ideas and cash to build it up, 
  germans are just mad that they are n't allowed into the anglo-sphere dominated [ five eyes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukusa_agreement ), 
  # 1 comment  roseau said if the power breaks the social contract is legitimizing violence against it . 
    the current government has done , this adds to the 10 million spaniards to the edge and laugh you destitution of the storming of the bastille . 
  spain is about to explode , just missing the spark . 
  that is insane . 
  those jets have n't even been combat proven at all and a considerable amount of experts in the field are saying that the jet is flawed at its core for being a `` jack of all trades '' instead of a master in anything they also cost a ridiculous amount to service after every single flight , each jet is estimated to have a billion $ cost over its life time so thats 37 billion down the drain much better off getting dozens of different types of jet fighters of various types that are combat proven and true `` masters '' of their specific purpose, 
  these people are about as british as feta cheese, 
  in the 1st months/year of the war yes , radical islamist black-mask jihadi gangs have taken over the `` revolution '' if it can even be called that anymore the majority of the fighters from the two biggest rebel groups al-nusra and isis are from foreign countries . 
  people from inside these groups have said that tunisians consist of over 40-50 % of isis alone with turks/saudis not far behind this revolution is a classic example of western de-stabilization operation that got out of control the plan was to create a rebellion and then have it be done with quickly with assad 's head on a spike . 
  they did not calculate the incredibly strong backing of russia and iran of assad this entire war has done nothing but make iran a new regional super-power by creating a new alliance of the shia states iran , syria ( assad ) , iraq and lebanon the so called `` shia crescent '' just like western intervention in russia 's afghanistan war created osama bin laden this war has created the next bin laden and considered one of the most powerful men in middle east who nobody knows of abu bakr al-baghdadi the leader of isis . 
  [ i think i know ] ( http://www.evolveinc.com/modules/evolvecms/upload/9cef162d_history-channel-alien-guy-meme-generator-aliens-98f63b.jpeg ), 
  fair enough , i just do n't see why russia must be boycotted why are n't people calling for boycott on usa for spying on everyone and destroying rights ? 
  qatar is 100x worse than russia qatar are the worlds leading terrorist funder along-side saudi arabia qatar has set up entire terrorist division within syria and provide billions to groups like al-nusra and isis yet , you want to bycott russia because they are anti-gay ? 
  how about boycotting the people who give bonuses to terrorists for video-taping beheadings of christians and shia 's, 
  solid tanks, 
  [ here you go ] ( http://mrwgifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/cant-handle-the-science-reaction-gif.gif ), 
  greeks , cypriots and serbians are only europeans who love russians apparently, 
  typical north europe `` stereotypes '' are all positive while south are all negative ... also greece `` gay '' streotype is the 1st i e heard here considering the conservative nature of society , main exception being mykonos . 
  here 's some sterotypes to counter the german/swede circle jerk found in `` articles '' like this north = boring , unfriendly people with little strong family bond and a constant stick up there ass who are unable to enjoy the simple pleasures in life south , the opposite of that, 
  a 120cc vespa is a beautiful thing, 
  the poles i know hate russians intensely and do n't care much about germans, 
  since when did making something illegal ever stop it since the `` war on drugs '' started , drugs are easier to get , stronger than ever and more if an issue than ever before . 
  you can make the argument that legalizing prostitution creates a professional business as opposed to an underground and hidden business where it would be easier to keep and hide sex slaves, 
  damn , tragic about the drowning of 5 young people, 
  the only thing i will acknowledge is that bono is a piece of shit, 
  give 30 lego pieces and call it even, 
  you really think spain will let go of catalonia without a war ? 
  people called me crazy when i said catalonia would turn into a war-zone if they voted to leave spain ... does it still seem crazy ? 
  paranoid much ? 
  also it would be nice to get payed to post shit on reddit , currently taking offers, 
  also swedish and uk companies, 
  we did take responsibility by actually standing up for freedom and received a destroyed country while you swedes who were nothing more than coward nazi puppets created a modern economy we also accepted responsibility when in 2008 we could have left the eu and cancelled all debts and gone back to the drachma but instead took those `` bail-out '' loans with usury levels of interest rates which caused a great depression either way like i said . 
  you should be far far more worried about swedens future than greece , if you know anything about economic/social trends will you still blame greece when sweden is in the middle of a civil war within 20 years ? 
  do you blame us for having the worlds highest house-hold debt ? 
  you swedes are one financial crisis away from having that debt crash down on you and sinking all of northern europe . 
  seriously , if any country should complain about greece , it is germany since they contribute like 95 % of all the money to assist greece . 
  . you swedes are just so oblivious to the massive under-lying problems within your own society you express your anger at the southern european countries greece & italy will be the only ones left standing after the shit-storm of the next 20-30 years un-folds ( and possibly germany ), 
  i am not blaming the war you dunce . 
  i am mainly blaming the hard-line dictator that was put in place to stop communism . 
  all of swedens most famous corporations such as ikea were built in the 60 's / 70 's while greece was under dictatorship and still in ruins post-ww2 our post-ww2 recovery did not being until the 1980 's , againt not blaming the war itself you dunce . 
  just the results of what happened afterwards . 
  you can not compare greece to any country because it has the most unique geography of any country on earth . 
  greece mainland is a patchwork of mountains and rough terrain and there are 1,000 + islands to build infrastructure and connect them together . 
  the difficulties and challenges are unlike any other place on earth . 
  you should be far more worried about swedens future , greece has a bright future with a soon to be booming economy while sweden will be in a civil war very soon . 
  if you do not see this you are blind . 
  i can assure you that when sweden is in ruins , greece will help you guys out, 
  i can answer the last part at least for greece , as i have tried many times before sweden were not affected by ww2 at all , you slink away and became nazi puppets while greece actually fought for a free europe . 
  the reward we received was a country in ruins and 10 % of all greeks on earth were murdered post ww2 while sweden had an economic boom , building such institutions as ikea , greece had a us/uk hard-line dictator put in place to stop the growth of communism by the early 80 's , sweden was a modern economy with dozens of famous corporations and a power-house economy greece had a non-existant infra-structure and had to start from scatch you also do not seem to understand that greece has had to build up infra-structure on 1,000 + islands . 
  not just one land-mass like most other countries . 
  even in the early 90 's the infra-structure was still fairly poor , but it was getting better slowly only now in 2013 is the infra-structure fairly good , and this is what we can build our economy on in the future along with tourism , food production , shipping , tech-industry , nano-tech and other high-sciences with potential for new manufacturing bases i already know your response `` but its 30 years !!, 
  why cant you pay !! '', 
  idiot , do you understand that the 2008 crash completely devestated greece and set is back a decade ? 
  you act like a massive great depression has not happened in greece either way . 
  things will quickly be turning around as greece is going up and will boom once drilling begins 2018-2020 . 
  while sweden is going to crash into a massive fireball once the demographic crisis can not be ignored and swedes get buried under the amount of house-hold debt ( highest on earth ), 
  there is no arguing with igelkotten . . he is a notorois anti-greek hater on this forum . 
  i am still not sure if he is a 14 year old idiot or a 40 year old with mental problems he doesnt understand that while sweden avoided any damaged from world war 2 , that greece decided to fight for freedom and received a destroyed country and 10 % of population death while sweden boomed post ww2 , greece had a us/uk installed dictator to stop communism from spreading there by the early 80 's when greece started receiving money the infrastructure was non-existant while sweden was a power-house economy with institutions like ikea he also doesnt seem to understand the difficulty in greece having 1,000 + islands . 
  i am pretty sure he thinks that greece has like 2-3 islands to build infratstructure he is just an all around idiot, 
  you can not defeat corruption over-night , that is impossible . 
  the best way to defeat corruption is by making it so risky with jail-time/fines that it is not worth it i think the combination of the tax prison set up last year + new tax task-force and eu oversight will decrease corruption radically over the next 5 years in the one year this system has been up , greece has fallen 15 spots on corruption index which is a promising start i have said this before but i think the 2008 crisis is the best thing to ever happen to greece . 
  without it things like tax prison and all these reforms would have never happened . 
  do you even read any of my posts ? 
  ofcourse corruption is the biggest issue in greece the tax prison combined with a new tax task-force agency and new oversight by the eu has changed alot in the last 2 years so in case you do not know this . 
  . greece has set up a tax prison and jailed many famous people/politicians to set examples a new tax force has been set up with eu over-sight to run tax division in greece and corruption is the biggest thing they are attacking so i agree with you , i have from the start yet you keep trying shout the loudest the act like i have not understood your point,
