  it is a number of factors on why muslim immigrants are sometimes more conservative/backwards then back in their home country two main reasons i hear often 2nd , 3rd , 4th , etc generation children from immigrants are often times extrmely more conservative then their immigrant parents , mainly because their parents fled to get a better life while the children grow up being stuck between two identities and most of the time make up for it by choosing their national identity and becoming radical/extreme about it . 
  this is why you often only see younger people at these pro-jihadist/sharia law rally 's in europe . 
  two , most of the people who fled were poor and uneducated which means that the majority of immigrants were prone to extreme religious beliefs, 
  just wait until the hordes of jihadis in syria come back and start training the local radicals . 
  it is literally insane how uk/france are supporting the rebels in syria , they know for a fact that syria has become nothing more than a training ground for foreign jihadists , and it is impossible to stop it now . 
  there is a video i saw recently of an airport in eastern turkey and the reporter sits outside the main door and all you see are hordes men who are obviously there to get to the training grounds/syria front lines . 
  people have no idea what is coming http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/terrorism-in-the-uk/10358910/britons-using-syria-as-terrorist-training-ground-and-then-returning-home-says-theresa-may.html http://rt.com/news/syria-british-extremists-terrorism-814/ http://www.theblaze.com/stories/2013/10/07/british-citizens-getting-jihad-training-in-syria-are-returning-home-senior-official-warns/ http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2518813/jihadists-battle-hardened-war-syria-returning-live-increasing-numbers-warns-eu-anti-terror-chief.html edit : found video of turkish border airport with droves of jihadist flying in every day - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mradvmcegbq, 
  please no surprise attacks next time, 
  ukranians lose , eu will act like it is not their problem at all and who knows what russians will do . 
  knowing putin he will want to punish them for `` daring '' to topple lenin statue . 
  nice , that looks really good wine i love retsina , goes down so smooth it feels like theres very little actual alcohol and after 2-3 cups i am already very buzzed, 
  but what about when you add the pro-western vs pro-russian 50/50 ( i think ? ), 
  split between ukraine on top of a currency collapse/bankruptcy ? 
  it seems to me right now that ukraine is going to get screwed by both the eu and russia in the end if the currency does collapse, 
  what is worse-case scenario in an event of a banking run followed by a complete crash, 
  you really should stop believing everything you hear on the `` news '' . 
  greece has under-gone massive reforms in the past year alone , let alone since 2008 when the crisis began only yesterday i posted this interview of us investment firm founder of japonica investments who explained why they recently brought 4 billion in greek bonds , explaining that they send a team of accounting specialist to greece and in his own words `` our most rigorous accounting has found greek gdp/debt ratio is below 100 % , not 150-180 % as brussels states '' - interview here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eplhpqs2bgk there are lots of tourism initiatives going on , olga is a very intelligent person , i believe she is easily the most respected person in greek government at the moment, 
  http://greece.greekreporter.com/2012/08/25/chinese-love-the-taste-of-greece-exports-soar/ http://world.greekreporter.com/2012/12/23/greek-food-big-hit-in-china/ china will be a massive market for greek food in the future , especially with china 's new piraeus port which will be completed around 2015-2016 and yeh , france is the best at marketing their wine and food , greek food industry really needs to hire some french experts to assist them, 
  they have no chance of winning though , ever . 
  they peaked in 2008 when greece was basically the closest it has or will likely ever be to complete collapse . 
  the idiots at gd fed off the pain of the fear/anger/etc of the people and came out of no-where at a time of great crisis to manipulate people . 
  and they still only managed a paltry 7 % in france , the biggest opposition party are right-wing nuts just like gd with exactly the same rhetoric as gd had in 2008 , so we will see what happens next election but the trends i am seeing in france are not so good . 
  because if france implodes , it will make greece 2008 look like a nice sunday picnic in the swiss mountains . 
  also do n't take the joke i made personal , everyone know france has a bad-ass army, 
  lol, 
  greek government goal at the moment is to turn athens into a tech-hub , there are lots of initiatives going on at the moment , for example a tech-startup can sign up to get free office space , internet , telephone , etc next year the plan is also to bring free wifi to every home in greece which is meant to boost tech-startups even more next year construction of the tap ( trans-adriatic pipeline ) begins which will bring gas from azerbaijan to europe through greece , thus making greece the # 1 strategic energy pillar in europe . 
  norweigan gas experts were contracted to explore 8,000 kilometers of greek waters to test for gas but it was quickly expanded to 20,000 kilometers after findings of massive gas reserves , drilling begins somewhere between 2018-2020 our tourism industry leader olga is a bad-ass , since she has been in office we have had record tourism numbers every year , her goal is to increase tourism by 10 % every year, 
  greece has been signing billion dollar deals with china for wine and organic food recently . 
  the chinese have only just discovered greek food and there is supposedly a greek food craze going on at the moment there . 
  there are dozens of food products that greece has that are criminally non-marketed , i am talking about wines that are as good as anything made on earth but on the label all you see is a puzzle of greek letters and no english which means non-greeks will have no clue what it is or where it came from . 
  there are countless products like this , not just wine i really hope they work on marketing this stuff better, 
  aaaaaaaaand france surrendered they lasted 0.5 seconds this time at least, 
  i posted an article last week about another interview i saw of japonica 's founder making a similar argument about greek economy/bonds and i was accused of being a propagandist and bullshitter i know that saying greece is anything but an economic disaster is not a popular opinion here but please watch this interview before you start calling me names , this guy is a economist/investor who is sharing his expert opinion . 
  big difference between saying something cruel/rude to someones face which i would never do and making a random stupid comment on a random message board that said person will never know existed . 
  you are acting like i ruined this persons life from a random fat joke . 
  please stop projecting your own insecurities onto me, 
  you sound like a fun person, 
  amazing body on picture 17 and i 'm talking about the one in the yellow hat , nice fat ass, 
  the achievement is the protest itself , people got out into the streets as a warning to the police that they will not stand for being killed by a policeman , i believe the person who killed the 15 year old received a very harsh prison sentence after the initial protests . 
  doing nothing would have been staying at home after the teenager died . 
  i guess the leaders of ukraine got enough bribes to satisfy them, 
  yup , exactly the same thing, 
  the point is not that i will get the disease . 
  . the point is that these jihadist cannibals are starting to seed themselves around europe , they formed their cells in syria , then spread out all over europe and will attack us when the time is right . 
  downvote me for not being politically correct , but do n't say you were n't warned when it does kick off, 
  coming to a neighborhood near you, 
  melbourne has some pretty cool peeps, 
  france has a mercenary army in the french foreign legion , they sign up for the sole purpose of killing people , looting , rape , etc if you have a well trained mercenary army you may as well use them as much as possible , otherwise why have it at all ? 
  replacing all the coked/meth 'd out truck drivers with this will be the greatest thing to ever happen, 
  i believe syriza are favorites to lead the eu socialists in parliament , i just do n't think they have any substance besides populist rhetoric . 
  syriza has absolutely no plans for the economy besides populist rhetoric , they live in a fantasy land and should not be taken seriously . 
  interesting , that explains why hitler had no hard feelings to greek pow 's and released them all for putting up a good fight . 
  mussolini fuked up big time, 
  how did he not know about greece ? 
  he had to send an entire land/sea/air division to greece which was not part of his plans since he ordered mussolini to take it . 
  thats why i said there was a short period where uk was open for invasion , it was after a major battle , forgot the name of it but uk air force was pretty much at the bare-bones and uk was wide open for a full-scale invasion . 
  if hitler had not sent 50 % of his army to russia he could have used them as part of this invasion . 
  without uk , there is no american involvement , no d-day, 
  yup , there was a point when uk was absolutely beaten and was wide open for an invasion but hitler made the idiotic decision to go after the soviet union after being stuck in greece which he did not plan as he thought the italians could handle greece . 
  norway is easily the most sustainable country in the world right now, 
  the perfect crime, 
  no , reading comprehension is important . 
  perceived corruption is a combination of actual corruption + how much about corruption is reported on news/media and `` perceived '' by people . 
  scandanavia has a combination of very low corruption + no perceived corruption . 
  a place like japan has incredibly high corruption , much more than greece + absolutely no reported corruption in media because of how ingrained and hidden it is due to cultural pressure greece is a combination of high corruption + extremely high reporting on corruption which makes it perceived to be much higher than actual corruption is . 
  the point i was trying to make is that housing bubble are not the end of the world and should n't cause panic . 
  the major issue is that if a major housing crisis does happen there is not the same tools we had in 2008 to `` cushion the blow '' as the article pointed out . 
  there is no political/economic/social will any more for bail-outs of banks and major austerity measures to `` cushion the blow '' . 
  if there is a burst of this bubble then there are `` unknown unknowns '' that will be happening and that is what worries me . 
  well it is no secret that housing bubbles are prominent in these countries , the part i am more worried about is the fact that we do not have the `` tools '' to `` cushion the blow '' . 
  that means that if a housing bubble does burst ( and they always do eventually ) . 
  i think a scenario like we saw in cyprus where they stole 10 % of all bank accounts will happen . 
  and if that happens . 
  then `` god help us all '' indeed . 
  i listed only the european countries , there are other countries with major housing bubbles . 
  also london was listed but not uk as a whole . 
  i am surprised how high japan is . 
  the most corrupt countries are the ones who hide it best . 
  japan is literally run by the fucking yakuza, 
  yeh i know , only americans believe that they single-handedly beat germany in ww2 . 
  i guarantee that if you go on a random american street to interview people they will have no clue that russia was even involved in ww2, 
  exactly this is not a corruption index . 
  this is a perceived corruption index , massive difference . 
  enough propaganda and luxembourg would be placed next to zimbabwe, 
  thank you . 
  i hate how british people think they beat germany . 
  britian was crushed by germany and was open for invasion when hitler made the foolish mistake to invade soviet union ( after greece stalled them into the winter ) britian + america did play the biggest role on the western front obviously , i am not trying to diminish the heroic sacrifices they made ofcourse . 
  only that russia and lesser extent greece played a major role also, 
  you seem to think i am posting `` pro-greek '' propaganda because i wanted to share a us investors thoughts on greek bonds , i never said this was somehow greece becoming the worlds best economy over-night , just a very interesting sign . 
  i have worked in forex trading for a while and understand how `` momentum '' works in the trading world . 
  momentum is literally everything , word about investments gets around quickly and momentum can build very quickly . 
  a company like japonica does not fuck around , these people work like the special forces of the investment world , they go into an investment when they are guaranteed to profit billions and have yet to lose on a trade . . which in the investment world is extremely rare . 
  i read your link and basically we will just have to see how this pans out over the next few years . 
  my only point is that at least we are starting to get bits of positive investment news , last week microsoft confirmed to build its european support center in athens , again positive investment news . 
  i hope this momentum continues because right now it is looking pretty good . 
  is reuters good enough for you ? 
  you know absolutely nothing of investing to say something as idiotic as this `` irrelevant '' investor . 
  they are now the single biggest holder of greek bonds on earth , because they believe they will profit billions because they know the direction greece is heading . 
  you are severely not understanding the importance of this . 
  to put it into perspective , this is seen in the investment business community as a major sign greece is going up , that is how investment/stock/forex trading works .
