  founder of japonica usa investment firm brought 4 billion in greek bonds 3 months ago , this same firm has never lost before , this was unimaginable 2 years ago . 
  the greek tech industry is booming and government initiatives will keep it growing . 
  it 's crazy to think greece will be a perfect economy after such an economic hit , by 2020 we will see a greek economy that is sustainable and not built on a mountain of sand such as pre-2008, 
  erdogan played a major role in the syrian revolution form the very start , supplying billions of dollars worth of weapons and opening borders to allow the free flow of terrorists between turkey and syria bbc news syria conflict : foreign jihadists use turkey safe houses - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqwkb0gqrvw turkish officer supervise weapons delivery to terrorists inside syria - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hp-7y4rkb0 german report : how turkey arms and sends wahhabi jihadists into syria - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1_kgxwnwis video evidence - jihadists/terrorists cross turkish-syrian border right before the eyes of turkish soldiers - http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=1cc_1388261884 the iraqi army is majority sunni in sunnia areas and majority shia in shia regions the saudi threat was published here . 
  . i did not just invent it - http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/energy/oilandgas/10266957/saudis-offer-russia-secret-oil-deal-if-it-drops-syria.html, 
  fsa are hardcore islamists who want to put in a sunni dictator and commit genocide against alawis/shia before the fsa vs aq/isis fight started they were best buddies and then isis got a little to powerful so the fsa puppeteers decided they were to much of a threat and decided to fight them they were placed in refugee camps , not prison . 
  when inside the camps they can escape easily and head to europe without any problem, 
  try out mediahint plugin/extension for chrome/firefox , i believe you can bypass all those restrictions from gema, 
  gema = german copyright protection for music/tv correct ? 
  35 terrorists surrender and apply for refugee status . 
  say hello to your new neighbors http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=2b5_1390076470, 
  insane footage . 
  looks like the beginning of a revolution, 
  2 uk citizens to appear in court for traveling to syria to commit terror acts - http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=ee8_1390057991 a german leader of the terrorist group `` islamic state in iraq and the levant '' killed on saturday in syria `` he had converted to islam two years ago and had joined a training camp of al qaeda to fight later on the side of the terrorist group `` islamic state in iraq and the levant '' in syria '' - http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=f64_1390059136, 
  macedonia is already in the eu and has around 3 million residents, 
  like frankeh pointed out , world economic stability is completely based on `` trust '' if germany makes it a big deal ( which they should imo ) then it has potential to make investors worried which could lead to a massive fall in the markets . 
  which could then lead to a run on the banks and a complete world economic collapse . 
  first , yes it is glen beck , yes he is a scumbag and sensationalist but i found this youtube clip to be non-sensationalists and very informative of a recent drama that has unfolded between germany and usa in the last year . 
  tldr : germany handed over thousands of tons of gold to the us federal reserve to hold it in the 1950 's germany last year only asked to physically see the gold , not take it , just see it with their own eyes . 
  . they were denied germany got nervous and asked for 5 % of the gold ( 300 tons ) us was only capable of handing over less than half of the requested amount this is the scary part . 
  the gold germany received is not the same gold they handed over in the 1950 's with the german stamp on it , it was a melted down gold that was not as pure . 
  this is unheard of . 
  the scarier part - all the german gold is gone in a giant ponzi scheme that has occured over the last few decades by the federal reserve first everyone needs to understand what derivatives are . 
  derivatives is a way of selling future ( non-existant ) stocks/bonds/etc in the hope they will rise in price . 
  so basically bank a buys x stock , sells it to bank/person b . 
  then person b sells it to person c . 
  . etc derivatives is a way to sell non-existant stocks/value in something which is then divided up and then re-sold . . then divided up further and re-sold . 
  etc x1000000 scariest part - the derivatives bubble is estimated to be around 700-1 ,500 trillion dollars . 
  the 2008 crash was a 4 trillion loss of the market to put it into perspective so basically . 
  . germany 's gold was taken . 
  then divided up and re-sold to banks around the world for profit . 
  who then divided it up further and re-sold . 
  and then they divided it up further and sold it . 
  etc . 
  so germany 's gold has been divided up a million ways and re-sold around the world with no clear owner . 
  thus german ' y gold does not exist and they will be lucky to get a small percentage of it in non-pure gold back if they are lucky, 
  i feel like 2014 is going to be a shitstorm, 
  i am not saying it 's not useful , it is when you have air superiority and do n't have to worry about s-300 's my point is that a stealth fighter is useless against non cavemen which have been the main wars the last few decades , so they are useful in those wars which look to be only increasing, 
  stealth is a gimmick , there is no such thing in the real world 1950 's russian radars can pick up any so called stealth craft , and new generation russian radars use 15-20 combined radar systems to pick up stealth jets . 
  if a stealth jet does get unnoticed the moment it fires a missile it is flashing red on any radar system and has a dozen s-300 mach 8 + missiles flying in their direction . 
  stealth is a complete gimmick to market jets , in a real war scenario against non durkabanistanis there is no such thing as stealth, 
  yup , and a hand held electric grinder thingy 2 spoons if nescaf\u00e9 in a bit of milk in a cup and sugar grind it with device add more milk and 3-6 ice cubes then top off it off with water takes like 1 minute once you get it, 
  honestly , it is still a great deal those 100 tanks will be able to train the entire finnish tank forces for next decade and when the time comes they will buy some brand new state-of-the-art tanks from germany/us, 
  and our beautiful football team style, 
  it is most definitely coffee , frappe actually gives a stronger caffeine `` kick '' than regular coffee which is why i do n't drink it to much, 
  is this a film or tv series because it says they are both in this article . . either way i will likely watch it soon if i can find subtitled version . 
  as far as the controversy of not portraying the camps , it is understandable why they did not . 
  from what i know of ww2 , the camps were managed , co-ordinated and run completely by the most brainwashed and hardcore nazi 's , an elite force that took orders without question while this movie/tv show is about the regular german soldier i have to see this first to really make a further judgement, 
  coffee is a luxury now o_o what is this world war 2 ? 
  100 tanks for 200 million is an amazing deal as long as they are at or near `` zero-hour '' condition which means used tanks set back to be like brand new . 
  i know it was used to stop the theater play in athens 1-2 years ago which i think portrayed jesus as a homosexual , so i knew it was used recently . 
  where did you get the idea i was in favor of stupid blasphemy laws ? 
  does this count iced greek coffee like frappe ? 
  most people i know in greece are only one step away from just inserting an iv frappe into their veins . 
  another major flaw is short wings reducing maneuverability in dog fights, 
  the f35 aw not built for dogfighting , like someone said it is only good if you air superiority . 
  and no it is not a stealth aircraft , there is no such thing as stealth in the real world and every time someone says the f-35 is stealth you will hear a russian engineer laugh his ass off . 
  the creator of the f16 and a-10 , two of the greatest designs ever made said the f-35 is a complete lemon and only used to siphon money to lockheed . 
  the major flaw in its design is a heavy propulsion system in th middle of the plane so it can take off vertically without need for a runway , great for navy carriers but makes it a horrible dogfighter the euro fighter is a superior jet in every way also, 
  the main eurosceptic party in greece is syriza , not gd, 
  greek immigrants completely embrace the culture they immigrate too , from the language , music , etc everything greeks tend to also stick together with other greeks but also try their best to make friends with the locals and be part of community . 
  i think the biggest risk to the us is not a foreign power , but an internal one . 
  wall street i think 2008 crash was only a test-drive of the upcoming planned world economic total collapse, 
  please do not give them to pakistan . 
  . you will be seeing the black flag of jihad on it eventually i have also heard that story about the us general and german sub . 
  back in 2008 a greek f16 pilot took out a f22 without problem and the americans were furious, 
  90 will only be the first shipment greece already signed a contract 2 years ago for 500 , this included at least 50-100 tanks that were not fit for battle , but good for parts scavenging + at least a dozen training simulation m1a1 units . 
  350-400 of the m1a1 's will be in zero-hour condition , yes they were used but putting them to `` zero-hour '' condition means they were set back to be as good as brand new . 
  and yes we have tons of leopards , including the greek-german joint design the leopard 2 hel ( las ) which is a modified leopard a6 i believe . 
  revolutions have started for less, 
  its hard to compare murder to bribery . 
  like i said , military contract bribing is on par with the bribing that goes on to get world cups and olympic hosting rights . 
  it is unfortunately part of the process . 
  greece though has arrested a bunch of people who took bribes the last month , its been on the news non-stop all month and pm has said that they will be passing new laws to prevent any corruption again . 
  we will see though, 
  eu joint military does not exist but each country has an extremely capable army of its own, 
  leopard 2 a7 + is one sexy tank . 
  i am sure greece would have brought a bunch already but like i said we just received over 500 m1a1 abrams last year so no real need for them . 
  as far as bribes . 
  it is standard procedure for all military contracts around the world . 
  if a company like kmw has a 5 billion $ contract on the line with greece , it is common sense to put 50 million in the pockets of a few dozen greek officials . 
  it is just like how bribing is officially legal in getting olympics or world cup hosting rights . 
  it is part of the process itself, 
  nope , just love to read/watch all the new military tech stuff, 
  its been over 75 fucking years since ww2 . 
  these treaties are bullshit us lost the least soldiers/no land/money/etc in ww2 , yet it trys to hog all the glory of `` winning '' the war and then goes around europe saying they need to build bases everywhere to `` protect '' us . 
  which is bullshit . 
  much worse than russia , the fall of the american empire in the next century will cause a shit-storm but the eu will survive, 
  they are lucky to even be able to search , the greeks on the other side were not so lucky - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide, 
  russian anti air is far superior than american systems s-300 outperforms patriot systems easily besides that i agree although . 
  even though german tanks are amazing good thing greece has largest amount of m1a1 abrams on earth and largest amount of german tanks ( leopard a6/a4 ) as far as subs i have no clue but i 'd still go with german due to ww2 prestige of quality, 
  `` he laughs like a dumb towards cheese '' is my new favorite insult, 
  what is this meme from ? 
  i see it all the time, 
  i never watch hockey , but i 'm excited to watch all the hockey games in the olympics . 
  just like a lot of people who never watch football love the world cup, 
  basketball easily panathinakos vs olympiakos , two best basket teams in europe and best rivalry , it gets intense during important games like this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtqajh_joxm football - barca vs madrid because its become a huge catalan separatist movement event and the games are amazing to watch, 
  germany is the teacher on the play-ground scandanavia are all the teachers pet 's who fight each other to impress the teacher the most mediterranean countries are all borderline-failing trouble-makers who constantly get suspended and get into fights balkan countries are the new kids everyone picks on and bully uk wants to leave the school, 
  galaktoboureko - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galaktoboureko loukoumades - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loukoumades kourabiedes - http://www.cookingforkeeps.com/2012/12/12/kourabiedes-greek-butter-cookies/ sokolatina - http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/7kuhkhpjbaupnzz4wxmaha/l.jpg rizogalo - http://greekfood.about.com/od/puddingscustards/r/rice-pudding-recipe-rizogalo.htm, 
  tiramisu is one of the most popular greek desserts , my friends mom makes it the best i ever had .
