  everybody loves germoney !, 
  magical jew anime , please . 
  mossad sounds not jewish enough . 
  super sabbat menora mossad would be a better fitting name . 
  call the green party !, 
  his hatred for western dinosaurs knows no boundries !, 
  was it really vandals , or just mongols ? 
  by nos ( netanyahu offended scale ) , skandinavia scores a 8.9 , while hitler scores only 8.3, 
  ah , interesting . 
  so putin disappeared to grow a magnificent beard , maybe ? 
  a genius among men . 
  in modern russia , * sun * makes you ill !, 
  `` who made this game ? 
  it is completely unrealistic !, 
  why do people die when i assign them all to the mine ? '', 
  i 'm afraid i have no such product . 
  but ... high end fries ... that sounds tasty !, 
  because of the deep friendship between russia and china !, 
  a glorious pair . 
  homemade french fries . 
  they cost you time and the integrity of your fingers . 
  no , but i planned to go get an abortion and get refused . 
  now my plans have been foiled by the ep !, 
  the reason might be a hurt ego or money . 
  and i bet whoever was loyal to putin will be loyal to the man who pulled a coup ( ? ), 
  on putin . 
  i would settle with a big red comical `` abort '' - button from the european parliament , thanks . 
  how ? 
  that is not something they teach you in biology these days . 
  then we shall sit and dine on the dike while the stormflood consumes the world around us - as long i have you by my side , i will be happy . 
  piwikiwi , i have never told you this ( maybe because we never met before ) , but i have always longed to live with you , on the swampy lands of the neverdry ranch , growing tulips and eating cheese and bratwurst together ... 
  i do n't care if putin is against our love !, 
  we will overcome winter and see another spring !, 
  strict leader struck down by stroke !, 
  good choice . 
  and i call mccain a low budget brand for [ french fries ] ( http://www.mccain.ch/img/mccain/mccain_tradition_1kg_2.png ) . 
  so i , as a man , have the right to have an abortion ? 
  awesome . 
  that 's kinda very scary . 
  improbable , but not impossible !, 
  `` hello former journalist !, 
  yes , former , because you are now a glorious farmer . 
  go 20 km north and report to your new boss , heinz r\u00fcbennase . 
  what , take a ride ? 
  western cars are the spawn of fascism !, 
  now go , for the glory of the gdr ! '', 
  so he can get more oil he ca n't sell , getting more land he ca n't use , and starting a war he ca n't win . 
  perfect !, 
  holy moly , batman . 
  so , what do you expect ? 
  i say it 's a coup d\u2019\u00e9tat by an oligarch or a group of them . 
  killed the opposition-leader and imprisoned putin . 
  hey , be happy he dose n't ride around in your country . 
  mister sch\u00e4uble realy likes to steamroll people . 
  to greek people , he can only do that verbally , but ... let 's just say he is banned from every demolition derby . 
  the last sentence felt like an innocent kiss . 
  should greece leave the euro and it happens as you predict it , i wish you all the luck in the world . 
  i 'm sure gb will then follow the greek position on the crisis and give them all the money they want . 
  like shooting him and putting him in a wheelchair ? 
  that 's why i upvoted the / u/whelping _ monster oh , wait , that came out wrong , i did n't mean ... uh ... 
  nobody expects the loo-ny aftermath . 
  not everywhere . 
  the ukraine is how you would say it in german . 
  none of those statistics show how much people were assimilated by greek borg . 
  in his memoires , pedro will write : `` with regret i think back to the time of crisis . 
  i shouldered the responsibility then , as i shoulder the blame for my decision now . 
  the times were not easy , and the currents were uncertain , the course unclear . 
  however it is portrayed by my kinsmen , we all tried our best , and i thank for the aid of our european partners . 
  yet , regret stems from one of the meetings . 
  i made decisions unfit for a primeiro-ministro , but then i was willing to accept what the smiling miss merkel told me . 
  miss merkel . 
  a strong woman . 
  i wished for her strength , as she was percieved as the iron lady of europe , enhanced with teflon . 
  i wanted a coating of teflon , too . 
  so when she invited me over to germany , i said yes . 
  another meeting , discussing politics . 
  how wrong i was . 
  she smiled as we sat down in her flat . 
  informal , she assured me . 
  a meal to strenghten the bonds between our countries . 
  and this is my most regretted memory . 
  i could n't resist her . 
  i could n't resist her cooking . 
  i ate all the white asparagus . 
  my pee smelled so bad . '', 
  well then , at least the statue will pay taxes on time , 
  these gosh-darn greek kids , playing on my loan !, 
  thumps up !, 
  time for austerity !, 
  ah , beautiful . 
  dance , puppets !, 
  dance !, 
  a 4-meter statue out of copper , holding a treasure chest shut closed . 
  a polished white marble plate before it just reads `` no '' . 
  and then all of europe just said `` yeah , screw them '' and never lifted a finger for the sake of greece again . 
  the end . 
  do you ever feel like an empty check , drifting through the wind , wanting to start again ? 
  do you ever feel , feel so paper thin like a failed state , one blow from caving in ? 
  & nbsp ; do you ever feel already debted deep ? 
  austerity has it 's weight but no one seems to see a thing do you know that there 's still a chance for you 'cause there 's a spark in you ?
