  did you need that dijk ? 
  what a horrible fate that would be . 
  germany would be ruined . 
  the thought alone frightens me . 
  what would be ever do . 
  i am so upset . 
  such a clever plan can only come from true masterminds . 
  please do not do that . 
  trenchdigging is my favourite pastime , 
  eeet mast be a form \u00f6f joghurt , ja !, 
  haha , you said humor once and joke twice . 
  thus i guess you said something funny . 
  what will they do , send erdogan to stop integration of turks into german society ? 
  they already do that . 
  [ these guys ] ( http://www.proasyl.de/en/home/ ) disagree . 
  for these exceptional and great people , everybody , regardless of motive or need , has the right to come to europe and also choose where they want to live . 
  because it is apparently the human right to live only in areas of the highest living quality , and everything else is horrible abuse . 
  i am always happy to see the grinning faces of those guys in the news . 
  no , really . 
  i love them like the plague . 
  info about the poll : * who got asked : people eligible to vote , from 18 years old * sample : representative random samples * how many got asked : 1002 people * when were they asked : 20 - 22 april 2015 [ source ] ( http://www.tagesschau.de/inland/deutschlandtrend-309.html ), 
  i 'm not active in / r/de because i do n't like the community . 
  i 'm mostly on reddit for the international stuff like news , so i ca n't tell you more , sorry . 
  yay , 
  i saw austria flirting with turkey the other day ... or were they angry ? 
  it 's so hard to tell with these two . 
  but all the swamp-germans could then also live in the swamps of germany , swapping around in the swamps , 
  ; _ ; what have we ever done to you ? 
  ... oh , right . 
  it 's not like they wo n't come over ... but the aftermath of those parties are never fun , so we just went to see other people . 
  you guys are all germans . 
  swamp-germans , sea-germans , frenchy-germans . 
  be united as germans , 
  oh , the comment that was deleted , from the user that is subsequently downvoted , and every other user talks about how awful that was . 
  so , what are we falling for ? 
  controversial topics and daily-mail-articles , what that is . 
  all of them opinion-havers and discussion-talkers , those racists . 
  ... we grow tentacles and star in japanese erotica . 
  like jews ? 
  oh well , then not . 
  i like your guess of time . 
  what would it be for germany ? 
  dexit , for deutschland ? 
  aexit , for allemagne ? 
  holy promethium is my favourite purging method . 
  suffer not the alien , the mutant , the heretic . 
  we shall keep an eye on that . 
  well , who put so many barrels of oil there ? 
  enough food is a luxury problem . 
  got it . 
  i want more wars of sanctions and less wars of military . 
  one leaves supermarkets empty , the other fills graves . 
  but tsipras seems to disagree . 
  there are protests . 
  guess it , led by a retired old man . 
  machinery in general . 
  ca n't have quality products on the market , that would be unfair to people with lower quality products . 
  every product made must be of the same quality as the worst producer . 
  the jews ? 
  i will teach you about a man who told us to love and respect each other by physically harm you . 
  ... is what i wanted to write , but it 's the mirror . 
  it 's probably wrong . 
  one ~ ~ ring ~ ~ man to rule them all . 
  / u/jedrekk shot first . 
  a moment for the history books , 
  what if we give you +6 million votes on any eu-vote ? 
  would that be fine , mr. kaczy\u0144ski ? 
  you persuaded me . 
  the twisted evil mastery of putting wedges between people by reminding them of the birthday of a extremely influential politician who shaped europe . 
  yay, 
  and ... refound our great empire on a new continent ? 
  is that a thing ? 
  ^ please ^ say ^ yes, 
  i have to visit north dakota . 
  i 'm sorry the german chancellor was n't julemand and did n't bring you gifts and toys . 
  next time we elect someone who is a secret dane . 
  it 's a freaking song . 
  what do i care about the uploader ? 
  did n't pay attention to that , was busy listening to music . 
  north - or southpole ? 
  what else would they be ? 
  my guess : because he unified germany . 
  by all means , he is the closest person to a nation founder we have . 
  for us germans , he was a positive and constructive character . 
  and a brand of very good water . 
  malta , maybe . 
  my hero . 
  almost !, 
  humour is a small town near danzig . 
  give it back , and then we 'll laugh . 
  he is a secret muslim from mexico or something . 
  oh god , you again, 
  how about some gloria , everyone ? 
  edit : fine , no music for you . 
  why not celebrate the invention of extrasaltiness by poland ? 
  thanks , obama, 
  ah , good . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  that is good to hear , friend  ^ * cough * ^ crimea ^ * cough *, 
  are there sentiments against the german minority ?
