  he fought against capitalism and became a fucking brand . 
  they are dying , man . 
  every single mexican and south americam immigrant * must * have his own house in any capital of europe . 
  free of charge , of course . 
  we are n't racists , right ? 
  maybe we can invent some sort of teleportation device to depopulate whole countries and resettle them in europe . 
  otherwise , we * are * nazis . 
  `` remember how all the germans east of the oder were killed ? 
  germans do n't talk about that . '', 
  german comes along : `` that 's onesided . 
  let us talk about dead russians . '', 
  what the hell , man . 
  we should start to kidnap whole cities from africa and asia to show the world how awesome we are . 
  makes sense , because europe closed its borders , and sends every refugee back to their home . 
  middle-old ( ? ), 
  cheddar goes well with it , the strong and sweet taste accompanies each other well . 
  any mild cheese you would slice is pretty good as well , young gouda , butterk\u00e4se , these kinds . 
  i really like it , one of my favourite sweet spreadings . 
  i put it on bread and like to combine it with cheese , or use it in a sandwich just for the change . 
  i had peanut butter sauce on meat a few times , which is quite interesting and , of course , tasty , 
  you can critizise them as much as you want , but when you a ) be a foreign minister talking to another country and just blatantly insult them , you got your day in the spotlight , but worsen the diplomatic relationships with said country b ) have an agenda/idea you want to popularize somewhere , the worst way you could do it is to show up and belittle/patronize the party you want to change . 
  she did the `` obnoxious foreigner who knows better than you '' . 
  that does n't help women 's rights in saudi arabia , and could easily have had a negative influence on the subject . 
  so edgy, 
  http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=2054&amp;artikel=6093369 http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/margot-wallstrm-can-swedens-feminist-foreign-minister-be-both-radical-and-influential--and-make-the-country-a-moral-great-power-10112015.html and for your effort to find that gif , have a [ smile just for you ] ( http://www.pown.it/569 ) . 
  if it is not reducing your spending to a level you can manage , what is the goal of austerity ? 
  whoops , missed that one , 
  he mentioned the uk . 
  you replied to the comment which explains what i said with that . 
  what else do you want ? 
  i would argue with you , talk about how diplomacy works and how mrs wallstr\u00f6m said herself how that was feminist . 
  but you have already labeled me and thrown me into a pot from which i ca n't escape . 
  you made up your mind and i am your enemy . 
  and that is just sad . 
  i 'm sure they have no money because the spent it all and nobody lends them more because they ca n't pay it back . 
  just as much as you hate juice , titler . 
  so , from all the shitposters ... 
  i am the shitlord ? 
  hey , that 's great news . 
  ecumenism is always a good thing . 
  she 's a proud italian immigrant . 
  hahaha , feel free to pat me when you want to . 
  i can `` endure '' it , 
  hello  i know you guys are pretty great . 
  i referred to the `` feminist foreign policy '' of m ( r ) s wallstr\u00f6m , which led to an open confrontation with saudi arabia and a diplomatic ice age between the countries . 
  i should have made that clearer in my original comment . 
  nice username , by the way , 
  i remember how the members of the european union are still sovereign countries . 
  yeah , i 'm not so sure on this point , either . 
  probably funnier . 
  so he ... jew 'd them out of their money ? 
  extreme nationalism , `` we are better than you '' - type , of course . 
  but giving a damn about your people , ethnicity , way of life , values , culture . 
  there is nothing wrong with that . 
  germany does what she wants . 
  nature is also not a static thing , but you would try to preserve it , right ? 
  thank you !, 
  arab and african refugees + armed forces = zerg rush . 
  no , we are not confident enough . 
  we are pretty awesome . 
  yes . 
  by moving the very earth underneath it . 
  who is awesome ? 
  europe !, 
  who has sexy grid reliability ? 
  yessir , it 's the old world . 
  can i have a `` yurop stronk '' ? 
  i feel guilty for not investing in eastern poland . 
  i felt so uneuropean when i bathed in my money today . 
  it was great . 
  she does n't need that to ~ ~ rape ~ ~ make love with other countries , 
  people say the folks who did that did it for germany . 
  but the folks who did that destroyed property of germany and her people . 
  they hurt us . 
  checkmate , / r/racists, 
  germany , home of the hundred steel beer dicks !, 
  yeeeees, 
  i want this to be invested in a 2 kilometers high dick made of stainless steel filled with cold beer . 
  if the sun shines on the dick , it will ejaculate with beer . 
  look who 's talking . 
  oh sure , the voring 49 % are against nazis , but the majority of 51 % are pro-nazis . 
  because reasons . 
  different situations . 
  i will not hope that they integrate , i expect them to do so . 
  we can make them germans . 
  awake the german in you !, 
  you can paint crosses on your flag all day , but you will never escape your teutonity . 
  more germans are the best germans . 
  true to your username , a real poet . 
  wonder what happens when such a person really gets a position of power ? 
  [ this happens . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/justiz-skandal-deutsche-richterin-rechtfertigt-eheliche-gewalt-mit-koran-a-472849.html ) summary : a married couple with two kids live in germany , and used to live in marocco . 
  he beats her and threatens to kill her , so the woman wants to divorce him as fast as possible . 
  the ( female ) judge denies the fast divorce because * beating the wife is culturaly common in marocco and a law in the koran * . 
  it does n't stop there : the judge , after critizising her rule , proclaims the man has the right to beat the woman because the divorce hurt the honor of the man . 
  that 's the future they want to live in . 
  oh yeah , let 's not worry about millions of people . 
  it 's not like we do n't have enough housing , doctors , infrastructure , money , caretakers , translators , in some cases even water and food , to deal with them . 
  good ole europe is made of gold , you can press purest water out of every stone and the most exquisite food flies willingly in your open mouth . 
  the word fact originates from the word fascism .
