  do they think they die everywhere except germany ? 
  i mean , they escaped war !, 
  a refugee camp is better than sitting with 1000 people in front of a train station . 
  what the hell is going on ? 
  helmet is here there everywhere and remains outspoken and cool, 
  herp derp all nazi, 
  immigration caused solely by germany , germany must die , is evil , hurr durr . 
  edit :  but not a single one should come from germany that 's your true face . 
   yes , european countries have to be helped by relocating the refugees to all the member states oh , will latvia share its 70 refugees with iceland and give them 10 ? 
  how generous of you !, 
  how much you helped in that crisis !, 
  but fuck the guys in germany , the only fucking country in this union who had the balls to say `` we take them '' after months of pointing fingers in brussels and screaming for a solution nobody wanted to contribute to . 
  yes , sure , now we dictate ( nice choice of words , buddy ) and demand and be the evil asshole again who caused all this . 
  forget the wars , the insecure laws , the whole unpreparedness in the face of millions of people migrating by every single country and the whole union , the slow response by politicians and the unwillingness to be a dick to humanity and stop the masses . 
  but now it 's too late , they are here to stay , and that cute nuber of 743m people in the sidebar of this reddit will go up . 
  and we can either do this together , or littlia , liliputania and the kingdom of sm\u00e5ll try it on their own . 
  which will go will , i ask you ? 
  `` anti-semitism on the rise : pictures of jews are no longer allowed in public '', 
  [ europe border strong ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rsfljj9.jpg ) [ remove immigrant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxuu3zncvmi ), 
  from the a to the c to the a the h all cops are humans , that 's what i teach yo !, 
  indeed . 
  i agree with you . 
  now the sun will truly never set on the united kingdom of the great asteroid '', 
  oh no , you misunderstood me there . 
  the us would surely get cozy with the uk , and i semi-jokingly speculated how that relationship might get too cozy ... with the appearence of a 51st star on a flag , if you know what i mean . 
  i do n't know what you mean . 
  rhababerbarbarabarbarbarenbartbarbierbierbarb\u00e4rbel from memory :d, 
  the topic at hand ... wait , what was that ... better look at the guy i replied to . 
   flip the uk into a north american country oh , right . 
   germany wants the rest of europe to adopt the `` german way '' of running their economies -- efficient , spend-thrift , sensible . 
  that does n't make sense . 
   a spendthrift ( also called profligate ) is someone who spends money prodigiously and who is extravagant and recklessly wasteful , often to a point where the spending climbs well beyond his or her means . 
  but the `` german way '' is the exact opposite . 
  well , the us and a have an excellent portfolio in dealing with [ island nations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overthrow_of_the_kingdom_of_hawaii ) . 
  do n't forget , boars eat heaps of mushrooms . 
  well , with the uk floating away into the open sea , ships would be able to directly pendle between ireland and continental ports . 
  that would be much easier and faster , and would probably boost the economy and increase trading . 
  hahahaha, 
  we should tell them about brasilia , a giant country with lots and lots of sexy girls . 
  i pity the fools !, 
  either we get hundreds of thousands of new citizens who will later partly stay in germany and boost its economy towards the stars and partly return to their homes with nothing but love and undying loyalty towards germany , which will create the first humanitarian-based german imperium ... or this will overwhelm our abilities and crush the idealism of this nation and either lead to mass deportations or an armed conflict . 
  pray for the first option , for a germany without love is a germany without remorse . 
  the gems , meeples and farms in facebook games are not cheap !, 
  dict.cc shoud n't dictate what you say , it 's not a dictator with an iron fist , just a dictionary with a lead balloon . 
  you 're right . 
  i gave myself a downvote , that was pretty lame . 
  also : lead balloon ? 
  never heard of that before !, 
  and `` we throw you out and rehire you on much worse conditions at our new sub-company '' . 
  unlike sweden , who borders both turkey and the mediterranean sea . 
  looks like germany has to throw a few other countries under the bus to make fast magic money !, 
  oh , the greek system . 
  no , we have to house the population of the middle east and africa , that 's expensive . 
  that 's not true . 
  the mother states she pays 400 $ per month for the rooms . 
  they did n't live off the grid , they had jobs and built themselves a home after being homeless . 
  nobody is robbed from anything , expect the people who lost their homes . 
  fuck the poor , they did n't own anything , so they ca n't complain , right . 
  you are a coldhearted person . 
  facts are racist ? 
  link from the source : http://www.ardmediathek.de/tv/report-mainz/wohin-mit-anerkannten-fl%c3%bcchtlingen/das-erste/video?documentid=30245716&amp;bcastid=310120, 
  what about the chiiiiildren ? 
  what makes you think that ? 
  how do you know about our outhouse ? 
  did you fill the hole up with weird smelling water ? 
  was lupus in that water ? 
  his virgin name ? 
  all cops are migrants acam now i got it . 
  thanks , 
  wait a moment . 
  when all cops are bastards , what is about refugees who were cops ? 
  that was n't meant as criticism or nagging , please do n't understand me wrong . 
  we have n't applied the ` murican method . 
  yet . 
  you guys set a good example with south america . 
  migrants = / = asylants, 
  and here i thought africa was n't full of shithole countries that wo n't give a flying fuck about their citizens . 
  guess we are both wrong . 
  yet my hair looks magnificent . 
  seizing trading goods would be a start . 
  natural resources shipped to europe , for example . 
  let 's make exporting citizens unlucrative . 
  how about we send a bill for the cost of all the asylum seekers and immigrants to their countries of origin ? 
  that would work well . 
  that is so short-sighted , it 's great . 
  `` of course we will take back these people . 
  oh wait , whoops , there comes more people . 
  maybe you can pay us more ? '', 
  how about `` we will stop paying you any money or support of any kind unless you take back your millions of migrants '' as a solution ? 
  fuck , even the ` murican method looks increasingly compelling : bombing the palace of el presidente , rinse and repeat until they fall in line . 
  we will call it `` heimatr\u00fcckf\u00fchrungsvorbereitungssammelstelle '' . 
  place-of-preparement-for-being-brought-home . 
  well , i did , but ... how does this help me with world domination ? 
  did n't you know ? 
  poland joined nazi germany and the zionistic armies to attack ussr and divide the country into eastern , western and jewstern parts . 
  ever wondered why everything east of moscow is empty ? 
  poland stole it all and hides the cities , the people , the infrastructure , the industrial machinery , art , gold , jewels and every historybook with an accurate description of wwii in a single train under a city . 
  human rights says : europe is nazi , must take all people and give them stuff for free . 
  not only to them , but to all family members they have , anywhere in the world . 
  any amout of money less than 5000 $ per person and per month is beneath the dignity of humans , and we should flog ourselves for being such nazis .
