you have to declare war to denmark at least one time . 
  now even germany is associated with the nordics !, 
  did you make that yourself ? 
  it must be hard for a heat seeking whale to use paint . 
  yep . 
  yet somehow those 5 guys with the masks who said heil hitler ( honestly , i could n't hear that , they talk at that point ) were isolated and nobody else was around them . 
  they were not part of the crowd . 
  and any footage of nazis comes from those 5 guys . 
  look , they express an opinion that i do not agree with !, 
  therefore , far-right !, 
  extremists !, 
  shun them , fight them !, 
  throw stones and smokebombs at these extreme hostile people who legally demonstrate . 
  just a small edit :  `` there were people with swastika tattoos ''  shows a smeared swastika made with a ballpoint after asked about heil hitler-screams , the video `` forgets '' to subtitle the answer of the pegida-speaker : if that happened , we condemn that . 
  that video is a joke . 
  where is a hohenzoller when you need one ... 
  maybe we should rename the eu ... [ holy european imperium of the german nation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holy_roman_empire ) sounds fun , right ? 
  a rotating capital ? 
  what a glorious idea !, 
  concentric circles , slowly rotating clockwise and counterclockwise ? 
  or a giant `` plate '' that slowly revolves ? 
  wait , now i got it !, 
  1 titanic circular band which encircles a terraformed area that holds the different climatic zones of europe , complete with flora and fauna !, 
  it will be glorious !, 
  it was the `` rock 'n' roll/short skirts/dancing/jazz ruins the youth '' of our time . 
  it became hilarious when the hysterical press pointed at mario and sonic as violent characters . 
  i lost my respect for a lot of journalistic outlets at this time . 
  `` we need a production ban on videogames . '', 
  politicians in germany . 
  every single one a genius . 
  sweden should be ashamed . 
  the teachers were culturally enriched , and they close the school . 
  these eager students now have to find people on their own to culturally enrich . 
  maybe some kind of mentor-program would be useful ? 
  pair a cultural enricher and a still-have-to-be-culturally-enriched person together , to spread the message of diversity and tolerance !, 
  a true genius , i see . 
  interesting . 
  also :  all the boobs and cocks your heart desires yeah !, 
  they are allowed to show , but in a restricted way . 
  things like historical documentation , education , science , stuff like that . 
  and if a smart lawmaker can extend the exceptions to suit the public needs , sure , i 'm all pro for that . 
  but , these new media sources , as you say , have to be compatible to the national and european laws . 
  there is nothing straitjacketing about the ban of hatespeech , extremist material , propaganda . 
  these are things we do not want in our societies . 
  absolutely impossible . 
  lifting the ban on nazi-symbols will never happen . 
   myth or not - that 's what syrians believe in . 
  and that 's only thing that matters right now . 
  facts do n't matter , only feelings . 
   which is more than obvious to be interpreted as a de facto invitation . 
  how did it made the situation worse ? 
  no , germany did n't . 
  username checks out . 
  you ca n't hold someone responsible for something they did n't say . 
  that merkel said something like `` all immigrants can come to germany and get lots of money '' is a lie . 
  a perpetuous told lie , told by media and smugglers , who both made money with it . 
  i completely get how that happened . 
  a smuggler told a group of people `` hey , did you hear ? 
  mrs merkel said you get a house and money if you go to germany !, 
  now pay me up and i get you there '' and suddenly you have a boat with hundred people . 
  but such lies did n't start with some speech of mrs merkel , and you said it correct , it is all a game of hear-say and what the migrant 's want to hear . 
  which is not controlled by germany . 
  i am really tired of people now claiming how germany or mrs merkel is responsible for the mass-immigration , while that mis-quoted speech was in response to the mass-immigration already happening with hundreds of thousands of people swarming greece and italy from the coast , and germany being swarmed by people from the balkan states . 
  this sub-reddit has become so incredibly hostile . 
  why bother with the truth , when you can conveniently point fingers , sustain a simple lie and place the blame on someone , right ? 
  no , she did n't say that . 
  then you recall wrong . 
  germany is ` pro ' eu-centralised immigration policy . 
  repeating that `` come all over '' lie wo n't make it true . 
  repeating a lie does n't make it true . 
  well , whatever you do , go for it !, 
  downvote for a disappointing try . 
  funny that you mentioned invasion . 
  if nobody had invaded nazi germany , there would n't be a holocaust denial law . 
  checkmate !, 
  article 14 of the universal declaration of human rights ( 1 ) everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution . 
  is that hard to understand ? 
  what is your problem ? 
  you 're only interested in yes men . 
  anyone else with a differing opinion is considered to be anti-uk . 
  you 're only interested in yes men . 
  would you * please * stop repeating this nonsense about germanys open borders ? 
  37 trillion : 37\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 000 000 37 trillionen : 37\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 000\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 different counting systems are fun !, 
  syria , home of the blackest people in asia . 
  what a beautiful language, 
  that would be interesting, 
  you have asked for me ? 
  ze * great helmut * !, 
  you should n't . 
  my actions are mine , not yours . 
  [ but i have n't shown it to you yet . 
  that bizarre idea of forcing infinite growth is mindblowing . 
  there is no city with space for infinite people , there is no farm with food for infinite people and there ai n't space on the streets for infinite cars . 
  but you only hear growth growth growth . 
  how does that work ? 
  it does n't , that system is done . 
  stop the nonsense of the broad civilisation , we need to become a tall civilisation . 
  not more more more , but better better better . 
  improving instead of amassing !, 
  i have no idea what these people think is going on .
