  i ca n't see justice stem from a death sentence . 
  i am against death penalty . 
  it feels wrong to kill a man that is in your custody ( ? ), 
  and at your mercy . 
  who are we to judge who is worthy and unworthy of life ? 
  of course i sometimes feel how the evening news makes my blood boil , but as a society , i see us beyond this . 
  well , you should n't scream `` albanians are assholes '' in the hamburg redlightdistrict , but otherwise ... 
  time for happiness !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xblqzytf_ly ), 
  i use my `` national power '' card and open a camp myself , for people who want to know stuff but are allergic to the awfulness of reality and fear the knowledge to enable them to see how wrong things are . 
  no girls allowed !, 
  i knew it !, 
  everybody is just a pretender !, 
  ... what ? 
  i will never understand how economics work . 
  i still have the idea of creating value by work ( for example by buying iron , building a machine out of it and then sell the machine for a profit ) and the rule of `` only buy what you can afford '' , but apparently that does n't apply to macroeconomics . 
  would that mean immigration would be easier if i declared myself as genestealer ? 
  oh , they have tvs in their public transportation ? 
  do i smell goods to impawn ? 
  why wo n't we ask the drug representative of germany ? 
  oh right , because she will give an answer like : `` why would we legalize it ? 
  it 's illegal . '', 
  * why is it illegal ? 
  * `` because it is illegal . '', 
  yeah , i remember how germany sent their airship flottillas to bomb the muslim heretics . 
  okay , if 6 % ( according to mr. 
  expert a possible migration rate ) of libya migrated to germany , that would 360.000 people . 
  that is more than twice the population of my district . 
  if 6 % of all of africa migrated to germany , the population would rise from ~ 80 million to 146 million people . 
  all of that article is crazytalk . 
  that would n't have happened if there was data preservation . 
  give me all your \u00d8re, 
  you are one angry dane . 
  political magic . 
  [ indeed , nothing to see here . 
  ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/victory-day-banner-proclaims-rome-as-next-russian-conquest-after-crimea/520254.html ), 
  hehehe , nope . 
  which is really boring . 
  yesss a magnificient name for a radical group !, 
  criticizing is the first civic duty . 
  kinda . 
  a party can be banned if they are actively fighting against the free democratic basic order , but not if they just refuse the constitution . 
  imagine those bad corporation-rap videos with nazi-content . 
  * aryan dope , african nope !, 
  dear goodness . 
  good that they were stopped . 
  i wonder how they call themselves in german . 
  communismo es grande !, 
  i wish for 1 politician with the authority to walk up to the bnd building , demanding every information possible on the subject * right now * . 
  if not 20 people start running around and collecting the folders , or any of that `` we have lost the files '' - bullshit comes up , let the army storm the building and hold every single one of those asshats imprisoned . 
  playtime is over . 
  this is treason , big time . 
  and none of those fat fucks in berlin care . 
  i am completely furious . 
  source : average joe . 
  you might take our kaiser , but you will never take our fuchs !, 
  `` europe plans to upgrade libyan fisherboats with submarine-like properties to save thousands of lives '' way better title . 
  helmut at the helm of germany ? 
  why , that would be fun !, 
  do n't worry , i had my fun , 
  helmut the helmet . 
  helmut says germany ca n't kill all the jews again . 
  uh , yeah . 
  because nobody wants to . 
  that 's not a thing . 
  bowing your head is only a strong signal if you have your head straight the rest of the time . 
  alright, 
  -3 , massive upvotes . 
  yeah . 
  who told them to leave the sowjet union ? 
  not varoufakis , that 's for sure !, 
  acknowledging the existance of different cultures and languages , huh ? 
  ca n't we throw the lot into a prison for treason ? 
  that would mean , employers would have to train their own labourers , create jobs , get employees familiar with their workspace , boost the local economy , get employees which have 100 % of the knowledge they need , decrease youth unemployment , thus decrease criminality , thus increase the worth of their community , thus attract more people to the community , thus increase customers . 
  oh , and if you keep them employed , you have employees loyal to your business . 
  but that does n't sound like a viable option ... better scream for refugees !, 
  some dude from crisis-torn eritrea might be a high-skilled engineer familiar with our working process !, 
  hey , i can clearly see a job area where good-for-nothings could excel : politics . 
  how about a place in no european country ? 
  are n't there some new isles in the japanese region ? 
  to be frank , hessen has no reputation at all , positive or negative , that i am aware of . 
  that might be because parts of hessen have a strong reputation themselves , like darmstadt being full of eggheads , and frankfurt am main as the financial capital of europe . 
  you ca n't prove anything . 
  first paragraph :  security forces on duty [ ... ] forcibly removed an israeli flag second paragraph :  almog cohen [ ... ] tweeted : today , an israeli flag was [ ... ] removed by local security guards . 
  fourth paragraph :  `` i saw how our fans were taking down the israeli flag , '' cohen told bild . 
  `` they told me that they have done so at the direction of the police . '' who took down the flag ? 
  security , fans , or the apperently present police ? 
  was it done by force ? 
   when cohen was told that the police did n't want political symbols waved at the match , he then asked if other flags were also banned . 
  `` no , only the jewish flag , '' . 
  cohen was told . 
  who told him ? 
  bild is n't even considered a journalistic outlet anymore . 
  resembles more propaganda than anything else . 
  the masses are shivering !, 
  oh , come on . 
  the comparison is n't fair . 
  back then , they had fancy wood bowls !, 
  nooooooo ^ ooo ^ ooo, 
  whoops .
