  never thought about that before !, 
  hey , shut your mouth , you whore . 
  you are talking back to men ? 
  time to cut your clitoris off !, 
   perfect country, 
  all glory to the heroes of the sky , the [ luftwaffles ] ( http://grrlpowercomic.com/archives/694 ) !, 
  riiiight . 
  sure . 
  goodness , i love kvas . 
  friends from the motherland brought some with them , delicious . 
  so , greece was actually completely fine when , one day , sch\u00e4uble came wheelin ' to athens and proclaimed `` austerity , now ! '' . 
  got it . 
  they are in such a worse state because every cent was turned twice , every bit of investment was thoroughly investigated and every fund that was cutable was cut . 
  if a refugee , fleeing from a country in which he will suffer or be killed , harms or kills in his host country , he then is no refugee anymore , but the cause of the state of his own country . 
  only surrounded by loving family . 
  one of us . 
  you want democarcy ? 
  then let the european people vote if the european states should give more money . 
  i must 've dreamed the last 5 years up , then . 
  the king is dead . 
  long live the [ jun ( c ) ker ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/junker ) . 
  i am glad bbc understands this . 
  they are very powerful . 
  netherlands , for example , could flood an economic significant part of europe with oceanwater !, 
  belgium is know for it 's ability divide whole countries . 
  and luxemburg is like a ninja . 
  you never expect it , but one day , it strikes from the sha, 
  boohooo , muh language purity . 
  if i log in to / r/europe , i expect only oxford english from the plebs of other countries . 
  ... of course !, 
  yes !, 
  * makes phonecall * jan , destroy ze f\u00fchrer-prototype . 
  tell heinz to zcrap ze toofbrush-beard and work instead on an impressive mustache . 
  with a great leader comes a great beard !, 
  ... you do n't want to know what we are up to ? 
  til finland hates chinese so much , they become somalis the second they step over the border . 
   for a comparison hey friend , you dropped that . 
  oh , you seem to have dropped tanks , artillery and infantry in ukraine , too . 
  you have to look out for all the things that drop , like the value of the \u0440\u0443\u0431\u043b\u044c , or the iron curtain . 
  do you see the difference between playing with the thought to bombard a city or even a whole part of a country for a comparison and actually doing it ? 
  multiple times ? 
  they do n't give a fuck about stupid polls with a clear intent . 
  hey , i have a great idea : how about we bomb moscow to the ground , move one or two million ~ ~ soldiers ~ ~ independent freedom fighters there and * then * hold democratic elections if it should become part of belgium ? 
  flawless democracy !, 
  maybe we should send all the immigrants to big russia , with it 's large countryside . 
   of course the jews-scream-nazi ! - center screams nazi . 
  where would we be if germany could have a discussion about teaching about the holocaust without one half of the discussion accused of holocaust denial and terroristic intent ? 
  this is what i wrote . 
  making a direct connection to the article in the first sentence and continuing in the second , without a paragraph . 
   you were talking in general terms no . 
  simply no . 
  i was talking about the article , making a direct connection to the article , in a space for discussion about the article . 
  what i was talking about is in the article . 
  germany accepts and houses the most immigrants . 
  by total numbers . 
  germany is also one of the eu-members who started the discussion about a eu-wide distribution of immigrants . 
  we are the guys with the most immigrants and the guys with a first solution . 
  sticking the head in the sand looks different . 
  well , % denmark is pretty cool , too . 
  but that is * in the article * !, 
   [ ... ] the head of the european office of the simon wiesenthal center in paris wrote an open letter to germany 's federal education minister . 
   mr. steiner 's language , wrote the director , shimon samuels , `` reeks at best as holocaust denial and , far worse , a german endorsement '' for radical islamists ' assertion that the holocaust `` is a lie . '' the simon-wiesenthal-center is known to pointing fingers , especially at people who critizise israel ( not jews , but the politics of israel ) . 
  how can they accuse someone of holocaust denial when this person * tries to figure out how you teach about the holocaust and get the attention of muslims * . 
  your debating skills are impressive . 
   simon wiesenthal center of course the jews-scream-nazi ! - center screams nazi . 
  where would we be if germany could have a discussion about teaching about the holocaust * without * one half of the discussion accused of holocaust denial and terroristic intent ? 
  it 's amazing , right ? 
  poland , more wodka, 
  which is not intolerance , 
  all glory to our geothermal overlords !, 
  germans will remember the 5dm coin . 
  so extremely handy !, 
  so good !, 
  and it 's cool to give your grandchild a new shiny coin than some old , floppy bill . 
  it 's big , it 's heavy , it 's worth something . 
  that 's how you put trust in your currency !, 
  of course they did . 
  clearly the crying poor girl is the victim . 
  well , they have to live somewhere , and work is for the first few months forbidden , until their status as a rightful asylumseeker is recognised . 
  this is where we ask italy , why are those guys in busses , heading to other countries ? 
  and they will answer `` because our country is full , you idiots !, 
  we have no more room in our camps . 
  why does n't big germany take some immigrants ? '', 
  and germany will answer `` you get immigrants from the south , we get them from the east . 
  your camps are full , so are ours . 
  we should spread the refugees around in europe , in a way we can actually manage them . '', 
  and other countries will answer `` no way , we allready have lots of people from other countries ! '', 
  and that 's how illegal immigrants without registering or any control spread around europe . 
  but that is the core value of ~ ~ scum ~ ~ culturally valuable people . 
  how can they enrich us with their traditions when our restrictive facist laws deny them the right to steal , torture and abuse as much as they like ? 
  of course she cries and screams like she just got stabbed . 
  problem is , that does n't work on women . 
  when you make * fun * of my kin , prepare for a * fun * - eral . 
  once i made a reservation at a hotel , but when i arrived , it was cancelled . 
  i got me a big towel , put it on the door of a room and said `` this is mine now . 
  '' , and it worked . 
  i do love me some reservation , and if it involves fancy fences , even better . 
  dude , i read computer bild , i have all the insider infos . 
  i should n't say that out loud , but i am the system admin of the german government . 
  even my password says admin1 , so i am really important .
