  i am rather surprised by this , never heard of it before . 
   `` the other half did it ! '', 
  - flamen and wallonen, 
  mrs. wallstr\u00f6m did , from my understanding , nobody a favour with her attacks . 
  emotional words there , friend . 
  i want to thank you for them . 
  as a german , and as a person who worked in a concentration camp memorial site , questioning the maturity/correctness of the handling of the nazitime leaves a sour taste in my mouth . 
  germany as full-on embraced the past , in every way . 
  the brd paid greece these mentioned reparations , and as of 1990 , there are no outstanding reparations anymore . 
  this has n't been an issue for 25 years , and the timing of these demands ( yes , demands ! ), 
  is tasteless , and leaves no room for speculation about the real motivations behind this move . 
  would it have been about an injustice felt by the greek people , a real issue that is still untouched by former regulations , constructive talks between the governments would have lead ( and i am completely sure of that ) to a positive outcome for both sides . 
  this option , in my book , is out of question , now that the preferred course of action was to scream `` you are nazis , give us money ! '' . 
  which leads to the last point : rather than a pool of guilt , i would describe the reaction to `` forming a collective fist and raising the middle finger '' . 
  germans are fed up with the guilt-tripping and blackmailing with the past , how `` everyone and their dog '' want to profit from the war and its atrocities . 
  and this is what disgusts me the most : this whole `` greek reparations story '' was for profit and to profile some greek parties . 
  not for justice , not to make wrongs right , not to clear the past . 
  play the strong man for the people and get votes , that is all . 
  i completely disagree with you , on every point you made . 
  '' ... with blood ! '', 
   all of you are guilty !, 
  guilty !, 
  mass murderers , monsters !, 
  we all hate youuuuuu ^ giveusmoney not wwii , but the stigma . 
  or however you may can call those people with minds of yesterday . 
  not-recycling strikes me as odd . 
  imagine a country that is dependant on his mining of copper . 
  after mining , 97 % of the copper ore is thrown into a landfill because it 's expensive to process it . 
  i mean ... what the heck ? 
  i heard malta volunteered for taking care of every single refugee crossing eu borders in the future . 
  your mastery of words is incredible !, 
  english gen lish geri lish ger lii sh ger m sh germ sn germsn !, 
  close enough !, 
  wow . 
  i safe my breath and do n't even ask where i did that . 
  good luck , have fun . 
  revolution . 
  a lot of assholes rampage in a city and attack police - and firemen and burn shit . 
  yes , sounds like they are drunk , because there is no logic and no overall goal on their actions . 
  they prove nothing , they change nothing . 
  i strongly agree . 
  i have no idea . 
  there is a rumor i get downvoted for everything i say . 
  so , the amount of injured policemen is proportional to equality . 
  of course . 
  i did not , no . 
  what happened is : oh greece , you are due to an incredible amount of debt . 
  here , have money from us , with minimal or zero interest . 
  but you have to pay us back and make changes so this wo n't happen again . 
  80 hospitalised because of fruit ? 
  i do n't think so , 
  a ) 100 million people starve ? 
  send the police !, 
  b ) financal crisis ? 
  send the police !, 
  send the police !, 
  in which case is `` send the police '' the right way to act ? 
  not one thing of what you wrote has anything to do with attacking policemen and burning shit . 
  but what do i know , i 'm some rich guy living in a mansion , plotting to kill poor people and be generic evil . 
  sure !, 
  there is a rumor one of the acid-sprayed did not survive , but that is just a rumor . 
  ah , antifa , we have them here , too . 
  my favourite memory with them is a talk with an elderly woman , who told me how she is a great supporter and member for many years . 
  when she learned i was a soldier and stalin is not my great idol , i was told to `` die , nazi pig ! '' . 
  well , she rambled how the antifa would get me and my fascist friends - which would be funny if she would not be accompanied by angry looking young men . 
  it is happening * right now * . 
  molotovs and acid attacks , throwing rocks and burning cars . 
  but go on denying what happens , and talk about carricatures and fairy tales . 
  last year , left protesters made a gasoline trap in an occupied building . 
  right now , 80 policemen were attacked with acid . 
  and guess what happens with you when you get hit with a fistsized stone in the head . 
  it 's not like they do n't try . 
  until now , they just did n't succeeded . 
  yes , peaceful protesters . 
  nope , did n't made that up . 
  if you wish to see quality , take a look at the wonderful work of protesters , linked right above !, 
  in germany , the preferred weapon against policemen are rocks and fire . 
  whatever the enemy is , yeah . 
  these people are really something . 
  `` what , why are you protecting these people ? 
  they are clearly evil , they plot something !, 
  we have to kill them , it is the only peaceful , democratic way ! '', 
  destroy everything that stands in your way . 
  burn everything down you dislike . 
  kill policemen and soldiers . 
  - peaceful left demonstration, 
   i wish the frankfurt democracy activists the best of luck in overthrowing the eurocrat dictatorship !, 
  do n't worry , those democracy activists are really good at burning eurocrat ( cars of lower/middle class ) and destroying dictatorship ( every shop in sight ) . 
  probably screaming `` we are peaceful , what are you ? '', 
  while throwing stones at policemen , burning cars and looting stores . 
  ~ . ~ okay , nine euro . 
  for cleverness . 
   and where is germany ? 
  that 's right , in the zentrum !, 
  everybody loves germoney !, 
  fixed , 
  hey netherlands , i heard you want to join the egaz , european group for anschlusszeit !, 
  you are welcome . 
  and where is germany ? 
  that 's right , in the center !,
