  i always have 4 active , but sometimes i use those special tools bars for the left and right side of the window , too , for extra productiveness . 
  if you can handle the fastitude of even more tools bars , why not ? 
  horse , did you know you have to clean your `` desktop '' for a better computering experience ? 
  i washed my desk and even vacuumed my drawers , but it did n't change anything !, 
  better install that cool new aol browser from the flashy advertisement with the naked ladies , that will help . 
  hurrdurr , how does computer work ? 
  windows xp best windows , very safe . 
  cybersecurity is when door to computer room is locked . 
  ca n't pull plug , is hacked , so sad . 
  which part of belgium , though ? 
  the good part , or the bad part ? 
  but the w\u00f6rk is not done !, 
  time to clone all the nice people i know . 
  he just had fun . 
  heartful slaps in the face are a common greeting among junckers . 
  we import spanish people with success . 
  and everybody says we are an export nation !, 
  then we shall secure it by force , if neccessary . 
  against any agressor , no matter how fluid . 
  what a fitting word . 
  we shall use it for the peaceful conquest of empty landscapes and increase of landmass after niederl\u00e4nder example . 
  i want at least 2 children and would like to have 4 , and infected my best friends with the idea of children . 
  is it your child if it only sleeps in your house ? 
  first you give it to childcare , then to kindergarten , then to school , then your child is grown up . 
  might be an option . 
  it seems like no . 
  we need to expand , and explore possible new settlement grounds in the near areas . 
  working , not sleeping at working hours . 
  yeah , screw babies , w\u00f6rk more . 
  w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk !, 
  nothing can go wrong . 
  we start at kaliningrad and work our way to wladiwostock . 
  if the streets are frozen , our men can use ice skates and march faster !, 
  `` let 's invade a neighboring country without a decleration of war !, 
  that will show those europeans who the boss is ! '', 
  blaze of glory !, 
  blaze of glory !, 
  sounds like we need to be strong , otherwise we are a potential enemy :(, 
  good luck and have fun . 
  i just hope that awful bot does n't show up . 
  i bet the russians sunk it . 
  damn you putin !, 
  very good !, 
  and we have much more . 
  history !, 
  art !, 
  nightlife !, 
  nature !, 
  sport !, 
  people !, 
  and an endless supply of alcohol  our food-culture is so famous , you * know * wurst and schnitzel already . 
  come here and get the real deal !, 
  germany-fact of the day : did you know that germany is great ? 
  now you know !, 
  xland neutral, 
  visit germany !, 
  we have everything , from mountains to sea !, 
  salad is oppressive . 
  who cares if it is illegal if you can farm some votes with goodsounding bullshit ? 
  greetings from germany , country of the woman-quota for like 20 women . 
  no carpet-bombing on sundays !, 
  homemade seperatists that have nothing to do with russians . 
  that 's only what it looks like . 
  equipped with the * samtpfote * 150mm main gun and the anti-infantry area-flamethrower * schmuser * . 
  infantry ? 
  more like infants , useless . 
  so we need aaaa ? 
  or anyone . 
  [ tigger ] ( http://www.famouscutouts.com/images/detailed/0/643_tigger.jpg ) the jumping tank ? 
  trade of military goods with saudi-arabia has been stopped some time ago . 
  getting modern weaponry in the face of a very real threat is the opposite of military action . 
  this reminds me of [ this ] ( https://scottthong.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/drivemecloser.jpg ) . 
  aa-weaponry might kill the option for aircrafts . 
  and a better fight against corruption , especially in the `` contracts with service providers '' - division . 
  you laugh until we fire tungsten broomsticks with the furor of an angry housewife at our enemies . 
  obliteration of armor and moral , dustless impact craters , both a superior power in times of war and peace . 
  that amap-ads sounds awesome . 
  directed energy beams for every tank !, 
  it should drive as fast as a car to bring the working mother timely to her job . 
  worried about the essential child space in the rear ? 
  that 's exactly what i was thinking . 
  this is an amazing story, 
  well , he is right . 
  [ killled in the usa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzd4ezdbbu4 ), 
  i already feel bad :( i always thought the french had much fun with beheading , so the americans would n't be much different : o, 
  yes , sure . 
  the culprit should feel the consequences . 
  too little and too much is both bad . 
  i would rather be beheaded than poisoned and then melting for 3 hours from the inside . 
  just get it over with . 
  from a religious as well as a practical standpoint . 
  religious viewpoint is probably well known . 
  you shall not kill , life is the greatest gift , etc. 
  the practical viewpoint : when a judge rules , he thinks about how to improve the situation , for society and the criminal . 
  is he a danger , does he need a therapy , what kind of sentence is appropiate , what about his environment . 
  in the end , it should be a fitting and overall improving verdict . 
  what can you improve if you kill someone ? 
  the person ca n't improve by that , he will be dead . 
  will society as a whole improve ? 
  and what about the worth of a human life , how can you measure that ?
