  cool . 
  i think op just highlighted the guy . 
  wait a minute , there are other people planing to go home and kick some psd ass ? 
  i 've seen a nice pitchfork on discount the other day , so count me in !, 
  krakow had 900 ppm two weeks ago . 
  fake , nobody is squatting . 
   voting in municipal elections : a right to vote and stand in local elections in an eu state other than their own , under the same conditions as the nationals of that state ( article 22 ) . 
  so this means that as a romanian citizen with czech residence i can vote for the mayor of my city ? 
  thank you op for this , we just agreed with my girlfriend to go there this summer . 
  i 'm glad they put the us flag on the wrapper , if it would have been the hungarian one they would have launched civil war . 
  guys !, 
  guys !, 
  we are first in a good statistic !, 
  finally , take that rest of the world . 
  no accent ? 
  you mean `` speaking faster than [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blro5q-5x8o ) guy '' . 
  guys , the dwarfs came out of their mines again . 
  mountains = hills hills = fields, 
  aw yeah , no more bozkov !!, 
  ( not czech , just live here ), 
  fun fact . 
  our idiots actually had meetings with him but out current prime minister did n't . 
  for some reason i read the one for slovakia in the voice of borat . 
  calm down ezio . 
  it sounds nicer like that . 
  in 3 year we will be on that list . 
  make romania great again !, 
  as much as i like moldova and the people living there i still think the 2 state solution is better . 
  yeah , i have a story or two about slovak hospitality . 
   `` practically new '' the previous owner was a old couple that was going with it to church and the shop , but decided to sell it after the wife died . 
  selling used cars from germany is a job , ok ? 
  at least they have their canned food with them . 
  if you want more details or have some specific questions , shoot me a pm . 
  germany and austria along with czech republic join forces . 
  it 's actually pretty cool , cost of living is quite low and salaries ( at lest from my point of view ) are very good , if you are a freelancer or can work from anywhere you can rent a flat in a small town ( something else than prague or brno ) for quite good money . 
  the people are ok , i feel that racism went down in the past years mostly because of the high number of non ukrainian workers coming in to the country , a couple of years ago if i would try to say something in czech and my pronunciation was not that good people wold just decide to ignore me and move on now i see that more and more people try to understand you . 
  some of the things that i like really like here are the ultra-efficient public transport and the fact that you can get anywhere by bus/train , also people are generally quite and they mid their own business . 
  if you go to even the smallest village there is something interesting to see like forts , churches , town squares etc. 
  all in all it 's a cool place to live so i do n't think i 'm gon na leave in the next 5-10 years , it 's my second home and things are getting better and better year after year . 
  they would have to airdrop those weapons because who the fuck needs roads when you can get some fancy patriot missiles . 
  i liked kettles of europe the most . 
  finland - netherlands . 
  enough said . 
  welkome to de hydraulic bear channel , today we are stealing bag from man . 
  and here we go !, 
  omfg !, 
  ruuuuun !, 
  come at me bro !, 
  he has broom !!, 
  rekt !, 
  i was trying to emphasize the level of corruption in my country in a humorous way , some my call it '' / s '' . 
  the ones that went to romania were not satisfied because they had to bribe some doctor in the hospital . 
  come to my house play by my rules !, 
  so in 18 years you guys got almost 300 hours of extra sunlight . 
  does anybody know the reason for that blue line in the middle of the continent ? 
  you need to step up your flag game , baltic bros ' . 
  [ gorge soros ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_soros ) he does a lot of charity work , i assume that 's what led to him becoming the boogieman of the european populists . 
  adults ( ? ), 
  can romania into vacation plan ? 
  actually we have quite a number of greeks in my company , for most multinational companies you do n't need to speak the local language to do your job , sure in day by day life you might want to learn how to buy a bear or buy a bus thicket , but that 's kinda it . 
  greek people of europe , do n't you want to move to czech republic ? 
  if that number gets any lower shit is gon na get real around here . 
  well , are n't you a angry fella ' ? 
  i do n't know man , it 's weird . 
  i grew up in a hunter family so guns used to be part of out weekend activities , so i see them as tools . 
  i honestly see this whole `` guns in constitution '' thing as a masked populist move to get some votes from the nationalists because `` hurr burr , protect against terrorists , hurr burr killing out children '' . 
  this !, 
  you can not compare a john doe ( in this case honza doe ) with a trained policeman , if you want to prevent terror attacks invest time and money in training your police force , not by supporting vigilantism . 
  before everybody freaks out . 
  we still have rules and checks to follow , you need a medical check , psychological exam , target practice , safety practice , criminal history check etc. 
  it 's not like babis will start giving out guns instead of doughnuts . 
  why not czech republic ? 
  you can get a above average salary as a english teacher , rent is ok , cost of living is low and the country is gorgeous . 
  they wanted to ban shorts in my company as well , but when some of the guys started talking about sweaty balls boss ditched the idea . 
  nah , they hate it . 
  it just sounds unnatural and forced . 
  edit : not sure why i 'm getting downvoted , i 'm just quoting my girlfriend and colleagues . 
  refuse to make czech republic multicultural , said vaclav ** klaus ^ klaus ^ klaus ^ klaus ** . 
  and babadag . 
  spains enemies just shat their pants . 
  i think the expression you are looking for is `` toast bread '' and yes it tastes sweeter than the good old water + yeast + flour + salt bread . 
  27 years to late . 
  do you want russians ? 
  because that 's how you get russians . 
  and we have another war . 
  no , just business . 
  check out my cool flair . 
  licking u/victorrrrrr 's boots i see . 
  jokes on you , yesterday while going home from work i got attacked by your mom , luckily i was in front of a vegetable shop so i hid inside until she slowly drifted of to a nearby macdonalds . 
  thar 's another mystery for me , how can italians be so slim with all the carbs that they consume ? 
  those are some scary numbers . 
  because when you are 18 having parents is like having children . 
  according to my id i also live with my parents , but i left the country many years ago . 
  croatia - money italy - that sweet sweet lasagna . 
  we are not behind bulgaria , yeeey ... 
  still crap though . 
  til roads in switzerland are purple . 
  the subreddit where i go when i want to trow up . 
  by next year uk will ask us to gib dem benefits . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huqptdqs0u0 ),
