  same for bulgaria . 
  most people use bulgarian trackers . 
  this is bullshit , i was watching the air traffic live at the time . 
  there was no other civilian aircraft in the air at the time . 
  flights to istanbul were cancelled all over . 
  this was the only civilian plane allowed to land . 
  it 's not difficult to figure out who is on the plane . 
  shit , even i knew which was erdogan 's plane then just by following skyscanner at the time . 
  pretty much the whole world knew which was his plane . 
  i also remember that bulgarian live tv showing the skyscanner website as his plane was approaching the airport . 
  sure , then there will be a terrorist attack and he will add a few more months . 
  then another one and a few more months , etc. 
  so just like france . 
  this is happening much faster than i thought it would . 
  most of the grunts on the ground during the coup are conscripts , right ? 
  the whole thing was just really sad for me to watch . 
  so much death , on all sides and all that so that erdogan can become even more of a cunt . 
  now , there 's lynchings , beatings and total dehumanization , even against the conscripts who did n't even want to be there . 
  next thing up : fire medical doctors for providing medical assistance to the coupers and gulenists , because this clearly that makes them complicit . 
  erdogan fired 36 % of all judges in the country yesterday alone and 5 judges from the supreme court . 
  i am guessing the constitution would n't get in the way . 
  when they declared martial law and curfew on the tv , they explicitly stated that they `` wo n't hurt civilians '' . 
  i refuse to believe that the military is so fucking dumb . 
  there were definitely jets flying over istanbul as erdogan was landing . 
  i remember that very well because i was watching sky 's livestream and the reporter had to pause because of the jets flying over her . 
  the helicopter downing was confirmed false i think . 
  i think this was confirmed false , they did n't shoot down any helicopters . 
  but we know for a fact that a helicopter was shooting up the parliament . 
  if the f-16s were n't allied with the coupers , then why did n't they shoot down the helicopter which was firing on the parliament ? 
  if they were allied with the coupers , then why did n't they shoot down erdogan 's plane as he was landing in istanbul ? 
  it seems like somebody got set up . 
  but then again low flying jets will definitely wake up people and alert them that something is up . 
  looks like erdogan is the one doing the coups from now on . 
  cnn turk taken over by soldiers . 
  wtf is going on ?!, 
  bulgarian tv is reporting that a helicopter was shot down by a military jet !, 
  no idea what the primary source is . 
  bulgarian tv is reporting that a helicopter was shot down by a military jet !, 
  no idea what the primary source is . 
  helicopter gunfire , shit 's getting real !, 
  well , that 's been a pretty eventful week ... 
  pretty obvious this is deliberate and not an accident , 100 % terrorist attack . 
  how can i help ? 
   cameron goes back to downing street and puts all his stuff in the removal van you are obviously well-informed so i have a very important question . 
  do you know what happens to [ larry the cat , the chief mouser of the cabinet ofiice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/larry_%28cat%29 ) ? 
  will cameron take him ? 
  i am very concerned here , please answer . 
  yes , this is precisely the part which you made up . 
  everybody here is talking about the news and you are going on attacking some strawman . 
  you are saying the new rightists are using the phrase in some specific context . 
  i was thinking the specific context is what we are actually talking about and not something you made up . 
  i just went over to breitbart and checked all articles related to the festival . 
  no mention of regressive left . 
  who exactly are these new righters who are using it in the specific context ? 
  you are claiming that only the new right is using this , i am showing counterexample . 
  the term regressive left was introduced by maajid nawaz who is a liberal democrat , which is probably not part of the new right , but i am not very good with the latest labels . 
  he is not a war criminal because he did n't actually commit any war crimes . 
  people are pissed at him for starting the war , but that is not something which he can be charged with because this was n't codified as a crime at the time of the invasion . 
  he can not be tried under a law introduced with retroactive effect , so he will not be charged with anything in the hague . 
  simple as that . 
  what you hear from politicians about how they will hold him to account etc. 
  is just populist bullshit . 
  tony blair is not going to jail , he wo n't even be charged with anything in the hague . 
  the only way to charge him with a crime is some bs ambiguous law like misconduct in office under british law and even then there are very slim chances he will be found guilty of anything . 
  he basically figured out how to invade iraq without breaking any laws personally . 
  i know . 
  but corbyn and friends seem to think they have some magical powers which would somehow put tony blair on trial . 
  blairite has become a derogatory term which has lost almost all meaning now . 
  i do n't even know what it is supposed to mean anymore . 
  the way i interpret it is `` not left-wing enough '' . 
  his approval rating is still lower than that of ed milbiand under whom labour got anhilated in the last general elections . 
  labour is also polling very badly right now . 
  how exactly will tony blair be prosecuted ? 
  blair can not be tried in the hague . 
  this has been stated multiple times already by the court itself . 
  which court would take care of tony blair and under what charge ? 
  this is excellent news , job well done for everyone involved with this . 
  this news is also very encouraging because there 's been push for more electronic governance in bulgaria . 
  it 's good to see actual results and i am looking forward to seeing what will be done in the future . 
  the author of the blog post also has a blog in bulgarian where he talks a lot about this kind of stuff . 
  you can tell he is passionate about this and i wish him the best of luck . 
  i am talking about the times article you moron , not youtube . 
  the times . 
  this is precisely the part which i am saying is idiotic . 
  if you want to attack the source , go ahead , i do n't care . 
  what i am saying is that your first reply in this thread is absolutely ridiculous -- you are making excuses for his reported drunken behavior by presenting it as some sort of diplomatic trick . 
  very well said . 
  hahahahah , i am jumping to conclusions ? 
  we only know that guy gets drunk while doing business , you are the one doing mental gymnastics trying to paint this as some sort of wise move . 
  there 's also a difference between `` calling out the meeting on its lack of legitimacy '' and being drunk , so cut the crap . 
  next time he gets so drunk , gets his dick out and pisses in a plant that would probably be some cunning political move as well i suppose . 
  he is so smart !, 
  seeing that not even historians can agree on this , this seems like a poorly thought out law . 
  so if someone denies that holodomor is a genocide and he is charged , then the judge will have to decide whether that is a genocide or not ? 
  so the courts will provide a list of genocides ? 
  or how will this work ? 
  i have no idea . 
  article 7 is the closest you get to kicking out http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/25/article-50-brexit-debate-britain-eu, 
  this should be done by their government , not by the eu . 
  otherwise the political consequences will be severe .
