  here are some sources that show that they have over 90 % https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usage_share_of_operating_systems  even if it still is 90 % for traditional desktops - those are also declining in favor of newer form factors . 
  who cares if ms has a monopoly on desktop computers if 50 % of personal computing happens on other devices ? 
  this 50 % of personal computing consists primarily of running fart apps and other not-very constructive work . 
  for actually creating stuff , you still need a desktop in most cases . 
  so , i care . 
   google docs does n't run locally , but that does n't make it a very different product . 
  both are offices suites , and as long as they work reliably the majority of people do n't care if it runs locally or hosted . 
  i 'd even go so far to say that in the future ( note : personal opinion ) , locally installed ms office is going to die , replaced by office 365 ( online ) , google docs , or whatever other online suite comes up . 
  i and many other people who do n't want to share their documents with the nsa and google think these are very different products . 
  having your documents up on google 's cloud is even worse than using ms office as far as i am concerned . 
   and you just ignored half of my argument . 
  not , really , same goes for business . 
  moving away from microsoft is far more difficult than moving away from google . 
   switching to openoffice is no problem at all for most home users . 
  lol ok . have you actually tried doing so ? 
  hell , i 've been on linux for over 5 years and i still have to use ms office every now and then both at home and at work . 
  and i am a phd student and most of my documents and other people 's documents i work with are on latex  but can i run skydrive on google.com ? 
  can i use openstreetmaps ? 
  can i get stuff recommended my friedns liked on facebook instead of google + ? 
  that 's like saying `` can i use linux on windows '' . 
  it 's just dumb , these are competing services offered by different websites . 
   which other tool gives you information about what 90 % of the people are searching out there ? 
  show you which search term go them to you website ? 
  how likely they are to land on your site when looking for that term and not on your competitors website ? 
  it is n't , but still holds a monopoly . 
  i see it very differently . 
  moving away from google is far easier than moving away from microsoft . 
  for home users , it only takes a few clicks to change your default search engine , email provider and other online services . 
  changing your operating system and all programs that you use is far more complicated and you ca n't even do it in many cases . 
  i know this quite well as i have been running linux for over 5 years now . 
  moving away from windows is simply not feasible for many use cases . 
  also , there are plenty of analytics and advertising solutions that do n't rely on google at all . 
  you certainly do n't have to use anything google offers to compete online . 
   i think it 's debatable if microsoft still holds a monopoly . 
  let 's look at operating systems : even if you only regard traditional pcs , microsoft is getting under pressure with macos and chromeos they still have over 90 % of the share of desktop operating systems which i think qualifies for a monopoly . 
  also , chromeos is a joke , it 's not putting any pressure on windows . 
  ms office is still the dominant office suite . 
  the ooxml fiasco that microsoft pulled certainly did n't help with establishing open standards so that we can move away from vendor controlled formats . 
  google docs is a very different product , it 's not an office suite that runs on your computer , but on google 's servers . 
  if we will be breaking up monopolists , do n't forget microsoft . 
  but of course , this is just populist bs . 
  he was talking about a specific event which just makes the current government look bad . 
  that 's his job , to report news , regardless of which party will look bad . 
  he was telling his editors to seek people for comment . 
  who the fuck do you think that guy is ? 
  he does n't have the power to tell what ambadassadors and the european comission say on the matter . 
   the leaked letters were advising his journalists to trash the government over anything energy related and call barroso 's office for comment that can be used against the government . 
  it 's a single leaked email , not letters and it does n't say that . 
  i 've read it . 
   if you go back and read some older euractiv artices about bulgaria you will see that it 's always dnevnik and kapital that shit on the whole country in order to get political gains against the bsp . 
  this is why they used the picture of volen siderov in this article . 
  they are sister organisations . 
  that 's why they link to dnevnik all the time . 
  they are just reporting on the news . 
  the bsp are just embarassing themselves on their own . 
  just reporting the news is enough to realise how incompetent they are . 
  dnevnik is by far the best and most objective news organisation in the country . 
   they makes the whole country look like assholes infront of the eu . 
  no , that 's the government that does it , not the media who is reporting facts . 
  i do n't see the big deal really . 
  as the article points out , 40 % want to stay in the eu and the country is one of the most pro-eu countries in the union . 
  it 's mostly old people who are notalgic over the `` goold old communist times '' which were n't so good , but hey , they were young back then . 
  yeah , that guy is just repeating what sergei stanishev ( leader of ruling bsp party ) was saying , which makes no sense anyway . 
  he paints ivo prokopiev as some sort of mastermind which has political influence over the two major right parties and structures in government . 
  that 's just batshit insanse . 
  also , notice how there are never any leaks incriminating the bsp of anything , but there are always leaks before elections whose purpose is to undermine the other parties . 
  they have learned a thing or two from their communist past . 
  his `` action plan '' was telling his editors to look into stuff so they can report on them . 
  his email servers got hacked by someone who leaked the information . 
  it was the ruling party ( bsp ) who came up with the nonsense that he is colluding with the opposition , which ca n't do anything anyway . 
  it 's just typical bsp bullshit . 
  plus , that guy is nowhere near oligarch level anyway . 
  american imperialism etc. 
  these are not `` separatists '' , they are `` activists '' . 
  we do n't want to use bad words . 
  absolutely disgusting and fucking cheap ~ ~ russian ~ ~ soviet propaganda . 
  the soviets `` liberated '' bulgaria from a democratic government , despite the fact that the country has never been in war or fought ** any battles ** against the soviet union . 
  but fuck it , why not . 
  said communist regime then murdered far more people and opressed far more people than the previous government who were colluding with the nazis ( which were overthrawn before the soviets arrived ) . 
  so , thanks , but no thanks . 
  also , you have to be a monumental moron to be thankful to the soviets . 
  they only occupied , they did n't liberate shit all over europe . 
  and they were allies wth the nazis at the beginning of the war . 
  a lot of communists like to ignore that part . 
  those are mostly communists , old people who are nostalgic over the past and retards who actually believe the soviet union liberated bulgaria from something . 
  the good news is that all groups are decreasing . 
  corporations and governments do n't care about protecting your information . 
  a political solution will not happen . 
  it 's been almost a year after the spying revelations and what has the eu done ? 
  jack shit . 
  you have to protect your data yourself , nobody else is going to do it ( if you care about it in the first place anyway ) . 
  he testified in front of the european parliament several weeks ago . 
  he could do it again if he is a free man . 
  he ca n't do it if he is in a supermax prison in america . 
  obviously , the american government cares about such stuff . 
  that 's how i imagine it as well . 
  given the current circumstances , putin can just trade him in anyway in return for easing off some of the sactions that the us are/will be imposing . 
  it definitely sucks to be snowden these days , living in such uncertainty . 
  is this one of those `` self-organised local militia defnese force '' or something again , just like in crimea ? 
  i suspect this is what putin wants you to believe .
