  presumably a perfectly reasonable debate . 
  but it was banned . 
   so again , freedom from criticism and also universities are not allowed to decide whom to give a platform to . 
  freedom of speech is evidently always the freedom of those you personally agree with . 
  stop putting words into my mouth . 
  i have nowhere said any of this . 
  neither the words `` freedom '' , `` speech '' , nor `` criticism '' can be found in any of my posts . 
  but keep arguing against a strawman if you think you are pulling some shit here . 
  i was obviously misinformed about germaine greer , but still , there was the initiative to ban her which i think it is ridiculous . 
  this is precisely what i am talking about . 
  my problem is with the people who think they are entitled to ban people who they do not have to listen to . 
  for abortion debate , look into the shitshow of the banned christ church ( oxford college ) abortion debate . 
  the presented arguments were that this would endanger the `` physical and mental security '' of students . 
  the mental security argument is complete bs because you do n't have to attend the debate . 
  the physical security argument is bs as well -- christ church is surrounded by gigantic walls with only a few entrances , it can be easily protected , certainly much easier than protecting the oxford union when marie le penn was speaking . 
  but hey , `` democratically '' voted on by christ church jcr where people attending are voting in public in front of everybody else . 
  this vote , of course , does n't matter , because it was the governing body of christ church , a college in a state university , which decided that the debate should not take place . 
  the debate was organised and there was pretty decent interest in it , but some people thought that it should not take place because of welfare concerns , officially , but in reality because they did not want this to be debated . 
  you clearly do not see a problem with preventing people from talking about abortion , but this is a bit too authoritarian for my tastes . 
  do n't forget , the tables can easily turn and then you might start singing a different song when this whole no-platforming bullshit has been well-established . 
  also , what you obviously do not understand is that literally nobody is forced to listen to any of this . 
  the only people who want to listen to an abortion debate or whatever germain greer or anybody else says are the people who attend the venue . 
  but there are a bunch of authoritarian cunts who feel entitled to prevent people from doing that , because they think the speaker and ideas are dangerous . 
  not everyone is a moron . 
  people like germaine greer have been banned . 
  abortion debates between non-morons have been banned as well . 
  but it appears you already have the correct mindset -- people who you do not like should be no platformed . 
  you do n't have to defend any morons , but you are also not obligated to no-platform them . 
  just do n't listen to them , it 's not very complicated . 
  this is apparently what you do n't understand . 
   a ) university chooses not to give a platform to utter moron what usually happens here is that a group of students invite some speaker and then a second ( completely separate ) group decide that it is not ok , the second group makes a gigantic fuss about it and use every trick in the book ( usually faking safety and welfare concerns ) to force the university to cancel the event . 
  of course , the second group does n't even have to listen to that guy , but they still insist that letting speaker speak is super dangerous . 
  not really , there was ethnic cleansing , there was no genocide . 
  same shit turkey did with the bulgarians in eastern thrace , so it is not a problem for bulgaria at all . 
  do you understand the difference between ethnic cleansing and genocide ? 
  bonus points : during her speech encouraging palestinians to engage in violent resistance , she talked about `` mainstream zionist led media outlets '' misrepresenting resistance as terrorism . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xynisax85hq people like her are one of the many reasons i hate student unions in the uk ( i am actually a student there ) . 
  to get a sense of how much french security officials are already shitting themselves over euro 2016 , read the following article from afp :  `` we are really freaking out over the euro , '' a member of the french anti-terrorism services told afp on condition of anonymity . 
  `` i took part in a meeting with people from the organising committee . 
  they were considering a possible attack , wondering whether matches could start the next day or the day after . 
  `` i was fuming . 
  i got up and said : ` how many deaths does it take to stop everything ' . '', 
  http://www.afp.com/en/news/france-frets-over-risk-euro-2016-attacks the whole article is worth reading . 
  euro 2016 is the absolutely obvious target for jihadist and there is no way it can be protected as admitted by security officials . 
  the government is well-aware of this and this is why they want to extended the state of emergency . 
  other than paying for his legal fees , does anything else happen ? 
  this is called damage control . 
  itt : preparation for armenian genocide day . 
  every time it 's the same bullshit . 
  this thread here wo n't be much different from the upcoming thread in a few days . 
  remember kids , brigading is ok as long as you agree with us !, 
  i 'd be totally cool with that , because i 'd make a lot of money from civil lawsuits . 
  only through the elimination of violence can we achieve world peace . 
  and putin has eliminated all violence . 
  putin has finally saved us !, 
  french security officials are already shitting themselves over euro 2016 . 
  from afp :  `` we are really freaking out over the euro , '' a member of the french anti-terrorism services told afp on condition of anonymity . 
  `` i took part in a meeting with people from the organising committee . 
  they were considering a possible attack , wondering whether matches could start the next day or the day after . 
  `` i was fuming . 
  i got up and said : ` how many deaths does it take to stop everything ' . '', 
  http://www.afp.com/en/news/france-frets-over-risk-euro-2016-attacks the whole article is worth reading . 
  euro 2016 is the absolutely obvious target for jihadist and there is no way it can be protected as admitted by security officials . 
  edit : i just submitted this as a [ seperate thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4cq49m/france_frets_over_risk_of_euro_2016_attacks/ ) , because i think this is worth discussing . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  the website operators can easily figure out who is using ad blockers and deny them service . 
  we should make a sub where we collect the dumb shit that erdogan does or says . 
  that guy never ceases to amaze me . 
   meanwhile twitter will reprise some version of the post-sydney ` i 'll ride with you ' meme ( based on a fib ) or the ` you ai n't no muslim , bruv ' which was shouted during december 's leytonstone attack by a non-muslim and briefly acclaimed by everyone from the prime minister down as one of the finest expressions ever of the english spirit and language . 
  the official meme for this terrorist attack is `` je suis sick of this shit '' . 
  it has been decided after many dank discussions by the dank elders of the internet . 
  i still do n't know which hashtag to use though , so we 've got a lot of work left to do . 
  well then maybe you should stop embarrassing yourself because this has already been done . 
  the bulgarian parliament has already condemned ethnic cleansing of turks at least once . 
  plus , government officials have never denied accusations of ethnic cleansing against turks . 
  what sort of recognition have your government institutions provided to atrocities committed against bulgarians . 
  hmmmmmm ? 
  none ? 
  i thought so . 
  now look into how many bulgarians there were in eastern thrace in the edirne region at the beginning of the 20th century and how many were left by the end of the 1920s . 
  these people did not vanish , they were either killed or ethnically cleansed by the ottoman empire and its successor turkey . 
  but sure , continue playing the victim game . 
  this always amazes me . 
  the ottoman empire has inflicted way more suffering and misery than all of the balkan states combined . 
  there 's a pretty good consensus on the matters of genocides , ethnic cleansing etc by historians . 
  the only bullshit here is the one spread by your government who still refuses to acknowledge the genocide against the armenians . 
  but what about the bulgarian/serbian/greek people who lost their lives or property in purges and ethnic cleasnings during 19th and 20th centuries ? 
  if you want to turn this into a pissing contest , then this would not turn favourably in turkey 's side . 
  literally the same in bulgaria . 
   it 's a chance for a clear condemnation of the breaches of human rights ; for clear action in support of greece , a member of the union haha . 
  greece has been violating the human rights of refugees for more than 5 years now as according to the european court on human rights . 
  what kind of adverse actions has the eu undertaken against greece in those 5 years in that regard ? 
  little , if any . 
  also , now austria is also openly violating the human rights of migrants by limiting the number of asylum requests it will consider . 
  still no action against austria as far as i know . 
  of course , many other eu countries , my own included , have been found guilty of human rights abuses . 
  not that i can think of any better way to deal with the migrant crisis , nor do i think turkey needs to join the eu , but the author should seriously get over himself . 
  the eu and many eu countries are not some holy guardians of human rights . 
  better than turkey no doubt , but let 's not kid ourselves , human rights legislation can not only be suspended but it is actually being ignored right now in some cases and nobody bats an eye . 
  personally , i 've always seen this human rights stuff as a way for the west to exert diplomatic pressure on other countries who are not as good as them .
