  i agree completely , could n't have said it better . 
  many people were wondering what kind of bullshit reason ataka would come up with to support the government when it was supposed to be voted in , as the other opposing party was boycoting parliament and a parliament session would have been impossible without both them and ataka . 
  reason given : ataka had to enter the parliament session because of some law concerning teachers , so the current government actually got voted in . 
  they still maintain they do n't support the government , but only downright retards believe that . 
  ~ ~ that asshole ~ ~ dear leader putin has taken over this sub comrades . 
  even the bulgarian flair has been restored to communist times by putting the coat of arms back on the flag !, 
  please ignore all of my comments where i have said bad things about communists , i was hacked !, 
  well you see , some of the party members of the bsp have likely received many rubles in exchange for the deal , so they need to push it through no matter what . 
  this is what happens when you vote for a party that literally just switched its name from `` communist '' to `` socialist '' -- the love of rubles does n't change . 
  by the same logic , assad is also fighting against the `` bad guys '' , i.e. 
  the jihadists . 
  these people are responsible for horendous crimes as well . 
  what did you want me to say instead ? 
  that guy erdogan is a class a cunt . 
  if he gets elected again that would be massively embarassing . 
  what are the chances that the elections will be staged ? 
  my workstation which is running fedora linux . 
  after the revelations that microsoft is in bed with the nsa , this response is just plain embarassing . 
  `` well , you see , we hate this spying crap , but we will be giving the taxpayers money to microsoft , because we are too lazy to use or help fund open alternatives with said money . '', 
  pathetic . 
  `` i hate the pile of shit on the left more , therefore i must be aligned with the pile of shit on the right '' . 
  hey dipshit , why do you think i am an apologist for western aggression ? 
  i am not . 
  ca n't i hate both russian and american aggression ? 
   u.s.a. has done that multiple times without sanctions against them . 
  i am aware of the invading part and i do n't like that either , especially iraq . 
  russia is breaking international law by invading another country and annexing part of its territory . 
  i do n't see what is there to like . 
  the russian parliament and constitutional court have to ratify this treaty , but this is considered to be a ruber-stamping excercise which will be done within a few weeks at most . 
  it 's practically part of russia now . 
  if somebdoy told me a month ago that russia will annex the crimean peninsula in less than a month without a shot fired , then i would have laughed in their face . 
  but , here we are . 
  soviet propaganda told my parents that bulgaria was liberated in 1944 from the fascists . 
  russian propaganda is now telling the people of crimea that they are being liberated from fascists . 
  okay . 
  edit : also , wtf is wrong with the comments on the guardian ? 
  everybody is defending this insanity that putin is doing . 
  is this the fsb propaganda in full force or people are that retaded ? 
  what ? 
  retired people being nostalgic about the `` good old communist times '' , retarded people and shitty alternatives . 
  i was told they might be paintball players who are wearing russian uniforms because they are so dope . 
  apcs are just russian ladas which have undergone extensive tuning . 
  well , the presence of heavily armed men wearing russian uniforms with russian military gear and with russian armoured vehicles that a bunch of dudes found in their grandmothers ' farms combined with the lack of international observers might have skewed the referendum results from yesterday . 
  i mean seriously , russia is still denying that they have any troops in crimea . 
  staging elections seems much easier to pull off . 
  and monuments for their `` liberating '' army . 
  the bulgarian ~ ~ socialist ~ ~ communist party has always been nothing more than a proxy for russian interests . 
  they will sell their grandmothers for a few rubles . 
  the only party which insists on ever-increasing dependence on russian imports , especially in the energy sector . 
  even little kids know these days that this is completely fucking retarded , especially after the gas crisis in 2009 , when more than half of the country did n't have adequate energy supplies . 
  every time a soviet monument is defaced in my country my heart warms up . 
  i use it every now and then and i think it 's ok . 
  i also know many people in university who use it instead of ms office ( and they have no problem pirating ) . 
  my mom and dad also use it for their business and they also have no problem with pirating ms office . 
  saying it 's `` nearly unusable '' is a very big overexaggeration . 
  millions of people are using it just fine . 
  ms office is better , but libre office is good enough for most use cases . 
  some thoughts : * the city of munich successfully transitioned to libre office / openoffice on linux and they report millions in savings ( the transition was long though ) and proved wrong a paid survey by microsoft + hp . 
  * switching to odf format does n't require changing operating systems , nor the office suite . 
  ms office supports odf * when migrating , you do n't have to move all machines over to libre / open office . 
  you can migrate most and keep some ms office machines just in case or for stuff which you ca n't figure out how to migrate . 
  interoperability should be fine with odf . 
  that 's what munich did . 
  * ms office in general is better tha libre office , but libre office is good enough for most uses anyway ( plus you do n't have to migrate everything ) * there are support costs for ms office as well , not just open / libre office . 
  * in case of ms office , the taxpayer 's money goes to an american corporation . 
  if you go with libre / open office then you can have a local company do the support for you . 
  better for the economy . 
  * paying 200 million pounds for 4 years of licensing is insane . 
  * why the fuck did that guy suggest google docs ?!? 
  that 's just plain idiotic for a government to do . 
  ok , cool , i was a little bit confused by the wording . 
  he was referring to the immigrant youth i think . 
  erm , for a very large part of the roma population there are obvious differences in apperance such as darker skin color compared to other europeans , so they would still be very much distinguishable . 
  nobody will be giving them passports . 
  they are applying for asylum . 
  also , sweden said they are willing to accomodate refugees . 
  nobody will be upset with anything if the legal procedures are followed ( why else would the eu send money anyway ) . 
  plus , it is an obligation according to international law to help refugess running away from war . 
  we are getting funding from the eu to deal with the refugees though . 
  and most of them do n't even want to stay in bulgaria . 
  they are just waiting for their documents to be processed and get refugee status so that they can then move to western europe . 
   i hope the bulgarians and romanians who want to come over and behave like normal human beings ( the majority i 'm sure ) can see this . 
  well , i am bulgarian and i live in the uk and i seriously do n't care about all that anti-bulgarian stuff . 
  i know why it 's being done ( anti-eu propaganda ) and i realise perfectly well that it has very little to do with bulgarian and romanian immigration in particular . 
  many of my friends however do take it very personally and they adopt the whole victim mentality which pisses me off . 
  amusingly , some of them are viciously anti-immigration when it comes to bulgaria , and in particular , syrian refugees . 
  kind of hypocritical if you ask me . 
  and of course , if he were to say that bulgarians and romanians were too stupid , a horde of pro-immigration folks would accuse him of racism immidiately . 
  but labeling anti-immigration folks as stupid and lazy is fair game though . 
  that 's ridocolous . 
  you do n't need to be smart to actually get a job ( and you should n't have to ) . 
  the people who are mostly fucked by this immigration are the working class who are doing low qualified labor . 
  a bunch of romanians and bulgarians immigrating into their country sure as fuck wo n't make it easier for them to find jobs , so it 's pretty easy to see why people would be upset . 
  the only remotely secular fighting force over there ( free syrian army ) has been almost wiped out . 
  what 's left of the opposition are mostly islamist nutjobs which no sane man will want anything to do with . 
  many of the weapons that western governments have provided are now in the hands of these nutjobs . 
  of course , back in the day , there were people warning that this might happen , but politicians decided to ignore that . 
  the nsa was also spying on petrobras ( big ass oil company in brazil ) and i do n't think there are many terrorists over there . 
  also , a report released in 2001 by the european parliament accused the nsa of industrial espionage as well . 
  so , this sort of thing has been hapenning for a while now .
